THE WILD, WILD QUEST
(Book One)
By J. A. Johnson, Jr.

This is the first book in the epic American fantasy, "The Wild, Wild Quest". To learn more, please visit… Huo Guo Studio

Be sure to read the Wild, Wild Quest short story, "Reign of the Changelings"



Smashwords Edition



Copyright 2014 J. A. Johnson, Jr.



Smashwords Edition, License Notes



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.



Logo, map, and book design by J. A. Johnson, Jr.
Cover art images from the public domain, composited and digitally modified by the author. 




Dedication

This book is for my wonderful, beautiful, amazing wife, Min.

This book is also for my Dad (who was taken from us before his time);
for my Mom and my brother; for my nephew, Alex (the real life Matthew Graham)….

I would like to thank the gang from the writing group…
my brother Joe, Shauna, Steve & Diane.

Thanks also go to Robin Wright, Manny Herrera and Pam Hughes.







PROLOGUE


The Carpathian Mountains, 1874


Vince Browder trained his spyglass down the jagged mountainside, panning the lens back along the sliver of a footpath that he and his party had so recently ascended, until he found what he knew would be there. His lips curled in a lupine snarl that lifted one half of his thick, black mustache.  
"I say, Vincent, what is it you keep looking for behind us?"
Browder collapsed the spyglass and stuffed in into a pocket of his buffalo hide overcoat as he turned to face the speaker. "Oh, I reckon we both know the answer to that, Milo."
The smaller man looked perplexed. "I'm afraid I'm not sure what you mean."
Browder placed a burly hand on the back of the old explorer's neck and drew him close to the edge of the cliff. "Then let me refresh your memory. There are eight people following us up this mountain. Two of those people are kinfolk of yours."
Milo Graham tensed and tried to step back but Browder only tightened his grip.
"That's right, Milo. I know you turned traitor; I've known it for months. But what I can't figger is the why of it. You've been a member of the Brotherhood longer'n anyone alive. You know what we're about; what we're about to achieve, so why the change of heart?"
Milo Graham swallowed hard. He looked fearful and rightfully so, Browder thought. The former cattle baron had half a mind to toss the old fool down the side of the mountain. But then he felt Milo relax in his grasp and sensed an unexpected composure settle over the man.
"Because of you, Vincent. Because after centuries of effort, the Brotherhood is on the brink of success and the thought of such power in human hands is unconscionable. My secret purpose in the Brotherhood has always been to act as a safeguard against members such as you."
Browder snorted, "Liar. You just want the power for you and your own. That's why you've called in your sissified son and his purty little wife. You thought to ambush ol' Vince up here in the middle of nowhere, take the prize and leave me for dead. Well it's you and your kin that's gonna be callin' these here mountains home 'til the end of days." 
"Kill me if you like, Vincent. I'm not afraid to die."
"Well thank you, Milo, I'll sleep much better known I didn't offend you by killin' you. But killin' you ain't at the top of my list of priorities. Heck, I got your kin folk to think about first."
Milo Graham's face paled a shade. "You won't get Charles or Elizabeth that easily. They know exactly what they’re up against." 
Browder approximated a grin. "Do they now?"
Just then a commotion erupted behind them, and Vince looked over his shoulder to the cave entrance. Karakov, Ledoux, Gianni and half a dozen gypsy porters emerged from the mountain, all of them jabbering excitedly in their respective native tongues.
Still holding Milo half over the cliff edge, Browder drew his old, volcanic pistol and pulled back the hammer.  It was a quiet sound, but distinct enough to register with the members of his party. The potpourri of babble petered out, as all eyes fixed on the revolver.
"That's better," Browder growled. "Now someone speak to me – in English."
There was an uneasy pause before Browder was assaulted by a tornado of broken, English accents.
"Fer cryin' out loud," he roared, "one at a time!" 
Karakov waved at the others to remain silent and said, "We have found them, Vince! An entire clutch! I counted seven, all in perfect condition."
Browder nodded triumphantly. Seven! That was seven times better than he had ever dared to dream.
"Monsieur Browder," said Ledoux. "Vat are you do-ing to Monsieur Graham? Iz there a problame?"
Browder had all but forgotten the old man. Abruptly, he pulled Milo from the precipice and shoved him to the ground between himself and his associates. "Gentlemen, we have been betrayed," Browder proclaimed as he holstered his sidearm and proceeded to recite the facts as he knew them.
Stunned disbelief made its rounds on the faces. Finally, Gianni said. "Then he must die."
"What about them?" Karakov asked, pointing down the footpath.
Browder smirked. "Don't worry none 'bout them. I've already made arrangements to deal with them." He jabbed a finger in Milo's direction. "Tie him up… for the time bein'."
Karakov relayed the order to the gypsies who then gathered up a rope and proceeded to bind Milo with it. 
Browder strode over to where his own horse was tethered to a scraggly, leafless tree, reached into a saddle bag, and brought out his Very Pistol. It held a single, large cartridge. Browder loaded the pistol as he walked back to the ledge. Ledoux, Karakov and Gianni, followed by the curious gypsy porters, watched as Browder aimed the gun at the slate gray mountain sky and squeezed the trigger.
A hissing, sparking ball of red incandescent light rocketed toward the heavens. The Europeans nodded approvingly. The reaction of the gypsies, however, was something else altogether. They fled into the cave, issuing terrified grunts and screams as they went, almost running over Milo in their exodus. Browder laughed at the sight.
"Grow up, Vincent," Milo said. "I doubt these poor gypsies have ever seen a flare before." 
Browder snorted, shook his head, and laughed even harder. "Wake up, Milo. They ain't gypsies."
"They're not gyp…. No! They couldn't be... you couldn't have…"
"Oh, yes, they can be. And, yes, I did." Browder said. He had again taken up his spyglass, watching his pursuers far below. They had halted in their ascent; their eyes directed upward, watching the light show.  "This is a strange, dark corner of the world, Milo," Browder continued, "full of strange, dark things. You don't really think we'd have found what we came here for on our own, do you?" 
"There will be a reckoning for what you're doing, Vincent. And I hope I'm there when it comes," Milo said quietly.  
Browder shook his head and turned his full attention down the footpath. Through the spyglass he watched as Charles and Elizabeth Graham exchanged words and, though it was impossible to know what those words were from this distance, Browder could easily read their body language - a shake of a head, a shrug of the shoulders. The Grahams were clearly uncertain as to what the flare signified and to whose attention it was directed. They were, however, about to learn.
Browder nodded approvingly as Charles turned to the lead porter only to find the gypsy pointing an ancient looking pistol at him. Before either Charles or Elizabeth could react, the five remaining porters had also drawn and trained weapons on them.
Suddenly, Charles Graham lunged for the lead porter's pistol and, just as suddenly, several gunshots shattered the quiet morning, echoing and rolling up the mountainsides like peels of thunder. Browder smiled. Perhaps Charles Graham wasn’t so sissified after all.
"No, Vincent! What have you done?" cried Milo who could not see over the edge of the cliff.
Browder turned to regard his captive. Milo was bound hand and foot, sitting on the ground. Starting toward the mouth of the cave, Browder motioned to Karakov. "Boris, lead the way to the prize. And have our gypsy friends bring the old man with us."
"No." Milo Graham's voice was cold and flat. "I've come as far I care to, you murderer."
Browder's dark eyes twinkled merrily at the grief he saw on Milo's face. "Now, now, Milo. Don't go getting' your chaps in a bind. I know you well enough to know that, in spite of recent events, the larger part of you still wants to behold what brought us all here today." He gestured over the ledge with a lift of his wide chin.
As though ashamed of himself, Milo fell silent, his head hung low. Karakov nodded to the gypsies who then dragged Milo to his feet.  At the cave entrance, Browder stopped short, looking for all the world as though he had hit an invisible wall.
"Vat iz wrong now?" Ledoux demanded.
"Why, I just remembered something!"
"Yes?" Gianni asked warily.
Browder stepped close to Milo and lifted the older man's grey-whiskered chin in order to look him in the eye. "I was just thinkin' to myself what a momentous day this is shapin' up to be. The Brotherhood is on the verge of attaining ultimate power; a traitor has been foiled, and… just as I was thinkin' how poetic it was that the traitor's bloodline was about to be wiped out, I remembered." Browder paused, reading the dread realization pooling in the old man's eyes.
"Remembered what?" Karakov asked.
"I just remembered that Ol' Milo here has a grandson."
Milo glared up at Browder. "Even you aren't that low, Vincent."
Browder shrugged. "It's nothin' personal, Milo. Even I wouldn't go killin' no kid just for fun. But if I hadn't been one step ahead of you, the Brotherhood might've been thwarted by your actions. And that, my friend, is unforgivable." Browder looked to Karakov, Ledoux and Gianni. "We all know the penalty for betraying the Order." The Europeans nodded grimly.
"Now, what was the boy's name?" Browder pondered aloud. "Mitchell, Michael, Martin…"

CHAPTER 1


Holly, Michigan, six weeks later.


Matthew Graham sat bolt upright in the middle of his bed, sweating profusely; and not just due to the humid, summer air. Something had been lurking around the house for the past two weeks: a dark, silent presence that seemed to travel in shadow. Matthew was certain that it was in his room. His dark, shadowland of a bedroom was the perfect hunting ground for the thing that had been creeping about,  just on the edge of Matthew's vision, too fast to be seen whenever he turned to catch sight of it.
Matthew sat frozen in place, his heart thumping loudly in his ears. His sense of dread deepened when he realized that his sword was on top of his chest of drawers… all the way across the room. True, he admitted, it was only a wooden sword, but it would have been better than nothing. If the thing attacked him now, he'd have no choice but to try and whack it to death with his pillow, not a comforting prospect.
If only his parents were here; they could handle any situation. But Grandpa Milo had needed their help which meant that, whatever his problem was, it had to be pretty bad. Of course, how much worse could it be than having some sort of murderous creature in your bedroom?  
Only the scantest beam of moonlight showed through the window, illuminating nothing more than a strip of floorboards.  The thing could be anywhere in the room, crouching to attack in the impenetrable darkness.  It could be standing right next to Matthew, and he'd never even know it until it was too late.  Matthew slowly, very slowly, drew his pillow to his lap, hugging it to himself like a shield. Sweat trickled down his forehead but he did not wipe it away.  Although the darkness of the room was almost absolute, Matthew wasn't about to do anything that might block his vision for even a heartbeat. And so he sat there, hugging his pillow, wide-eyed and sweating, watching for the faintest hint of the creature's whereabouts, waiting to be pounced upon. He knew that the thing was waiting him out, waiting for him to slacken his guard, waiting for the perfect moment to strike.  
The only sound, other than Matthew's pounding heart, was the tic-tock of the clock on the far wall. Seconds became minutes and then hours as time became a blur to Matthew. His eyes burned from sweat and weariness. Several times throughout the night his eyelids came together, only to snap wide open as he fought off sleep. 
A sudden noise jolted him awake. "Aaaaaahhhhh!!!" With no time to waste trying to figure out the direction the thing was attacking from, Matthew hurled his pillow forward, hoping to buy himself time to escape. As the pillow left his hands, Matthew rolled to his right; the side of the bed closest to the door. He hit the floorboards with a painful thud. He tried to rise but his legs were… were… missing? Had the thing somehow devoured his legs without his knowing it? 
He looked down and, to his eternal relief, saw both legs fully intact, even as he felt the first tingling pins-and-needles that told him his legs had gone to sleep on him at the worst possible time.  All of a sudden it occurred to Matthew that his room was no longer gripped in the pitch of night, that the morning sun had dispelled even the darkest shadows.
And the noise? Cautiously, Matthew peered over the rumpled expanse of his bed. 
"Good morning, young sir."  
Matthew blinked. "Good morning…" a lion-esque yawn disrupted his greeting "…Mr. Finch." Matthew regarded the English butler only briefly before noticing the breakfast tray. "What's this?"
"Breakfast, sir. Given the late hour of the morning, Miss Nuttle thought that, perhaps, you might prefer to breakfast in bed."
Matthew blinked, "Late hour?"
Finch tossed a subtle glance at the clock. Matthew looked too. "10:30! Jehoshaphat! I must be slipping in my old age."
"And to think," said the butler, "that in six months time you shall be all of ten years old. However shall you cope?" 
Matthew rolled his eyes and mumbled under his breath, "Morning people." Trying to look casual, he attempted to get to his feet. His legs were still out of commission; the prickly sensation in them was reaching a crescendo. 
"Would you like breakfast in bed or…  perhaps on the floor, sir?"
Matthew smiled sheepishly. It was bad enough that he had fallen asleep and the thing had gotten away. Thankfully, it had done so without attacking him when it had had the chance. It would be unbearable if Finch should learn that Matthew had slept so soundly that he had not moved and his legs had fallen asleep. If even half of the adventure stories he had heard and read about his family were true, Matthew felt that his failure to best the thing lurking about the house and grounds was disgraceful. 
"I'll, uh, take breakfast downstairs as usual, Mr. Finch. You just caught me in the middle of my morning calisthenics. I'm just going to finish them up, and then I'll be right along." From his place on the floor, Matthew extended his arms over his head several times. 
For several seconds the butler just stood there holding the breakfast tray with a dubious look plastered on his face. 
Suppressing a sigh, Matthew, nudged his sluggish legs out before him and proceeded to approximate sit-ups. "Really, Finch, I can't stop now. I'll be right behind you. You can go now."
"I was just wondering, sir, if perhaps I should fetch the medicine ball."
"Are you cra… I mean, no! No need for that."  Matthew shook his head, then tried to lighten his response. "That tray looks plenty heavy enough for you." He winced and hoped it looked like a smile.
"Indeed, sir," replied the unflappable butler with a subtle nod of his head. 
Matthew exhaled as Finch turned and started off down the hall. He stiffened when Finch's voice drifted back to him. "I would suggest walking and stomping your feet, if you wish to regain the use of your legs before your breakfast gets cold."
Alone again in his room, Matthew first double-checked beneath his bed on the chance that the thing had crawled under there. He had no desire to be sitting within grabbing distance while his legs were of no use to him. Thankfully there was nothing other than a little dust and a touch of daylight beneath the bed. 
With his back to the bed, Matthew kneaded his tingling legs while his eyes rove about the room. Somehow, the thing had slipped away in the night. It must have gone out through the window which meant it must have come in that way as well. "Nothing a hammer and some nails can't remedy," he said as he made a mental note to nail the window shut as soon as possible. 
When feeling and control finally returned to his legs, Matthew got dressed and hurried downstairs. Cold breakfast was better than no breakfast.

***

Matthew entered the dining room to find that not only was his breakfast, a plate sporting scrambled eggs, fried potatoes and biscuits awaiting him, but that it was still hot. He could see wisps of steam hanging over the plate. Good ole Miss Nuttle he thought just as the cherubic woman entered from the kitchen.
"Good morning, Matthew," she beamed. Born and raised right here in Holly, Miss Nuttle was much less formal than Mr. Finch.
"Good morning," Matthew replied. "You're the best, Miss Nuttle. I was ready for cold food."
"Now how would it look if your parents were to come home and find their son wasting away because old Miss Nuttle failed to keep him well and properly fed?"
Matthew smiled briefly then picked up his fork and poked at the eggs. "I wonder when they’ll come home?" he said. "I know they expected to be gone for five or six months, but I'm beginning to think something may be wrong."
Miss Nuttle pulled up a chair and sat down next to him. "Now don't you worry, Matthew. Your parents may be a bit rusty, having retired from gallivanting around the globe when you were born, but they are natural-born adventurers, very capable people. Why, if I were to speculate as to why we haven't heard from them these past couple of weeks, I'd say it was quite probable that they are in some remote land where sending a wire is just not possible."
That made sense, Matthew admitted, but even so, he would still have liked some word from his parents just to know that everything was all right.  Getting to her feet, Miss Nuttle tousled his wild, morning hair. "Enough talk now. If your food gets cold again, you will have to eat it that way." She disappeared back into the kitchen. 
While he ate, Matthew's attention drifted around the dining room walls where dozens of daguerreotypes of his family and their friends hung.  A great many of the sepia images were of his mother and father in some far away corner of the world with one or more of their adventuring friends; people who were every bit as exotic as their respective homelands.
Matthew had just started on his fried potatoes when he heard the knock at the front door. He heard Mr. Finch answer the door, and his heart skipped a beat at the thought of his parents returning home. But just as quickly it occurred to Matthew that they wouldn't knock to enter their own home. 
Still, he wondered who it might be. He glanced toward the kitchen, but caught Miss Nuttle shaking her head at him and miming as though she were eating; a clear message to Matthew to sit right where he was and finish his meal.
He began eating as quickly as he felt Miss Nuttle would allow without fussing at him. At the same time, he leaned as far toward the dining room door, as he could without spilling himself from his chair, straining his ears to hear what Mr. Finch and the visitor were saying.
When all that reached his ears was hushed, indecipherable mumbling, Matthew threw caution to the wind and began gobbling his breakfast like a hog. Something in the low tone of the voices settled uncomfortably on Matthew's heart. He had to know what was being said. 
As he scooped the last bite of food into his mouth, he caught site of Miss Nuttle, hands on her wide hips, shaking her head disapprovingly at him. But it was too late; his breakfast was gone. He gathered up his dishes and silverware and started toward the kitchen. As he passed by the dining room entrance, Mathew darted a glance down the hall toward the front door. He could see Mr. Finch speaking to a thin, dour looking man with a thin, scraggly mustache. And from the mouth below the mustache the words, "the bodies were not recovered," sounded as loud as thunder. 
Suddenly numb, Matthew scarcely registered the crash of his plate as it shattered on the floor at his feet. 


CHAPTER 2


To Matthew, the remainder of the day played out much as it had begun, in the numbing grip of pins and needles. But the numbness in his heart wouldn’t fade with walking and stomping. He had tried that, running from the house, away from the sad, concerned faces, away from the unwelcome Mr. Dardy, the bearer of the terrible news. But most of all, Matthew had run from the very thought of losing his family. Or at least he had tried. 
If the sun in its clear, spring sky knew of Matthew's loss, it either did not care or did not understand, for it shone far too brilliantly for such a dark day.  Maybe the sun was trying to dispel the coldness in Matthew's chest. Matthew didn't know, he didn't care, and he certainly didn't understand. The wooded acres and their softly shadowed depths behind the house could not offer Matthew solace either.  There was nowhere to run or hide; nowhere to go to escape the terrible twist his life had taken. 
Eventually, he found himself standing on the front porch of his house, staring at the door. Somehow the house no longer felt like home. He was still standing there, rooted in place, even as the night sky crawled up from the horizon, trailing stars as it went.  
Matthew blinked as the front door swung open, and the soft light from inside the house washed over him. He blinked again as Miss Nuttle's familiar bulk filled the threshold. 
"Matthew! Good Heavens, child! Where have you been? Come inside, come inside. We've been looking for you all day. Why if…" she paused suddenly, smiled gently, and knelt down to look Matthew in the eyes.  Matthew had not been aware of the tears streaming down his face until Miss Nuttle was dabbing at them with the hem of her apron.
"Let's get you something to eat," she said quietly.


CHAPTER 3


Miss Nuttle ushered Matthew into the dining room but as he crossed the threshold, he froze in his tracks. There, opposite Matthew's chair, sat the despicable Mr. Dardy. "What… is… he... doing… here?" Matthew demanded, each word frostier than the last. 
Miss Nuttle's face reddened a shade. She seemed to be struggling for an answer when Mr. Finch entered from the kitchen carrying a pitcher. "Mr. Dardy will be staying for dinner, sir."
"I don't want him here," said Matthew. 
Miss Nuttle now thought of something to say. "Matthew! Mind your manners, young man."
From across the table, Mr. Dardy took a sip from a teacup. "That's quite all right, Miss. Nuttle. In Matthew's place, I can't imagine myself wanting to dine with the bearer of such terrible news either." Dardy then looked at Matthew. "In all honesty, Matthew, were it not for one last bit of business, I would even now be on a train out of town."  
The grief that had consumed Matthew all day long was beginning to take on an edge in the unwanted presence of Mr. Dardy. "Well, don't let me slow you down," he said.
"You already have, my young friend." Dardy looked poised to excuse himself from the table and said, "But now, since you and I are of like minds on the matter, I see no reason…"
All of a sudden, Miss Nuttle said. "That will be enough of that at this table. Matthew, sit down. Mr. Dardy.…" She nodded the man back into his chair.
As Miss Nuttle proceeded to pile food onto everyone's plates, Matthew couldn't help thinking that she had deliberately interrupted Mr. Dardy -and not just because she believed that when it was time to eat, it was time to eat. Matthew felt certain that Mr. Dardy had been about to say something important; something Miss Nuttle did not want him, Matthew, to hear.  He wondered what Dardy had intended to say.  If Dardy wanted to leave, why not let him?  Matthew pondered these and other matters while his untouched food grew cold before him. It struck him then that no one was speaking… about anything. He shifted his gaze to Miss Nuttle on the left side of the table and then to Mr. Finch on the right. The two most talkative people he knew were whittling away at their dinners one bite at a time like machines: scoop, lift, chew, scoop, lift, chew.
There was more to Mr. Dardy's unwanted company than Matthew knew; something so unsettling that even Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch were speechless. Matthew wondered what Dardy had done or said to them while he had been away from the house. 
Matthew's eyes hardened and he locked them onto Mr. Dardy. For someone who would rather be elsewhere, Mr. Dardy seemed quite at home at the dinner table. The man was already on his second helping. What a pig, Matthew thought. No, Mr. Dardy was worse than a pig. At least a pig would not be eating at the table.
"Matthew, sweetie, you need to eat something." Miss Nuttle's quiet voice sounded overly loud in the silence. Apparently thinking likewise, she leaned close to his ear when she prompted, "Matthew, Mr. Dardy is our guest tonight so please stop staring at him."
"I don't like him," Matthew whispered back, though not so quietly.
Miss Nuttle gave him a stern look. "That is no excuse to forget your manners." 
"It's quite all right," Mr. Dardy spoke up. "It has been a trying day. It isn't surprising that young Matthew hasn't an appetite."
Miss Nuttle straightened in her chair. "Yes, but hungry or not, he still needs to eat."
Mr. Dardy leaned forward and, though he spoke to Miss Nuttle, he looked at Matthew. "He will have ample opportunity to eat on the train."
A cold shock ran up the back of Matthew's neck. "What train? I'm not going on any train."
"Oh, dear," said Mr. Finch. "I was hoping to avoid this until after dinner."
"What train?" Matthew demanded. 
Matthew was only slightly aware that Miss Nuttle had placed her hand on his. "Matthew…," she began.
But Matthew was focused only on Mr. Dardy. "What train?" he said levelly.
Rather than answer immediately, Mr. Dardy dabbed at his pitiful mustache with his napkin. Finally he said, "It seems your mother has a cousin - thrice removed - in South Carolina; a distant relation, literally and figuratively, but a blood relation nonetheless."
A part of Matthew knew where this was heading, yet he couldn't believe it. "You're lying. My Ma never mentioned a cousin to me." He looked to Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle but they only shrugged helplessly.
"Regardless of what your mother - God rest her soul - may or may not have told you,” Dardy said, “we have verified the relationship and the family has agreed to take you in."
Dumbfounded, Matthew stared at his plate of food. 
After a moment, Mr. Finch said, "It is for the best, young sir. A boy your age, with so much growing yet to do, needs to be with his kin… a home with a proper family."
Matthew could not believe his ears. "This is my home," he said, "and you and Miss Nuttle are… are my family now."
Matthew looked to the source of this nightmare. Mr. Dardy was regarding his pocket watch. When he saw Matthew looking at him, he snapped it shut and returned it to his vest. "We should be going, Matthew. Miss Nuttle has your valise packed and ready. We'll have just enough time to get to the station and catch the next train."
Matthew stood up so abruptly that his chair toppled over backwards making a nerve-jolting thunderclap as it hit the floor. Everyone just stood there, looking at him as though expecting something more. He did not disappoint.
"I'm not going anywhere with you," he said to Dardy. The man glared at him but his scowl gave way to bug-eyed surprise as Matthew's plate of food flew straight at his face. A squeal of alarm escaped Miss Nuttle, and Mr. Finch gasped in horror as the plate splattered its contents across Mr. Dardy's grey suit.
Matthew lingered just long enough to smile triumphantly and say, "Oops, always forgetting my manners," before bolting from the room. 
As he hurried down the dimly lit hallway, Matthew could hear Dardy's curses, the scrape of sliding chairs, and the sharp staccato of booted feet.  Matthew paused in the hallway, between the archway into the library and the base of the stairs leading to the second floor and realized he should have run outside. Dardy would not have been able to find him in the dark corners of the woods. But it was too late now. He would have to find a hiding place inside, a place where he could give Dardy the slip and still get outside undetected.
For a moment, Matthew was about to head upstairs to his room where he could crawl through the window and climb down the huge maple. That would be the first place Dardy would look for him. And so, Matthew darted into the library just an instant before he heard Mr. Dardy storm into the hallway. 
The curtains were drawn, and the room was almost pitch black, providing Matthew with a much needed advantage. He moved quickly and quietly across the floor - avoiding by memory the floorboards prone to creaking - until he reached the far side of the long room. He hunkered down behind his father's reading chair where he could watch the room's open entrance.
It occurred to him that he could get outside through one of the library's tall windows. Before he could move, lamplight filled the hallway as Dardy stopped between the stairs and the library entrance, holding an oil lamp without its globe. 
Matthew held his breath. 
"What is upstairs?" Dardy demanded as Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle joined him. When neither of them answered immediately, Dardy said, "Don't make this harder on the boy than necessary."
With a quivering sigh, Miss Nuttle said, "Matthew's bedroom."
 The lamplight exaggerated the sneer that appeared on Dardy's weasel-like face, lending it a serpentine twist. Matthew watched as Dardy ascended the first step.  Matthew's mind was already racing ahead. As soon as Dardy was upstairs, Matthew would open the nearest window and disappear into the night, at least until he knew Mr. Dardy had given up and gone away. 
As Matthew watched from behind the chair, Mr. Dardy lingered on the first step for far too long. A bead of fear-induced sweat trickled down Matthew's back as Mr. Dardy slowly turned and came toward the library.  Light from the lamp seeped in among the book shelves, reaching toward Matthew huddled behind the chair. He was trapped!
 Unexpectedly, the light went out. "Confound it," Dardy griped.
Somewhere close to the door, a floor board creaked. There was someone else… or something else in the room! A dreadful thought struck him then. The something else had to be the thing that had been skulking about the house for the past two weeks. 
So it all comes down to this, Matthew thought as he crouched still lower behind the chair. I'm all alone in the world for less than a day, and now I'm caught between two monsters. Oddly enough, Matthew wasn't sure which he thought more monstrous: the thing from the shadows or loathsome Mr. Dardy. In either case, unless Matthew could think of a way out - which didn't seem likely given that he was cornered - one or the other of the two was going to catch him.
Matthew strained to see in the darkness; all he could make out were the silhouettes of Mr. Dardy, Miss Nuttle, and Mr. Finch framed against the library entrance. Whatever it might be, Matthew realized, the thing was very clever, keeping clear of the meager light from the hallway.  Another floorboard creaked, this one much closer to the door. 
"I heard that. I know you're in here, Matthew. Now come out and stop this foolishness," Dardy said. 
Matthew kept quiet. He saw Dardy turn toward Miss. Nuttle. "Would someone light this infernal lamp?"
The snap-hiss of a match being struck was followed immediately by a short-lived blossom of yellow-orange light. As the flame settled on the tip of the match, it revealed the hand holding it and nothing more. 
"Matthew, is that you?" Dardy said. "Little boys should not play with matches." Even so, Dardy extended the unlit lamp toward the match-lit hand; a hand that, to Matthew's surprise, appeared entirely human. It was also a hand that Mr. Dardy should have recognized as far, far too large to belong to a ten-year-old boy. 
"Thatta boy, Matthew," said Dardy as the lamp flickered to life, casting the room in its warm glow. "Now I'm… I'm…" He was dumbfounded. Before Dardy, stood the tallest, toughest, burliest looking cowboy that Matthew could have ever imagined.
Matthew blinked. He poked his head a little further out from behind the chair to get a better look. He couldn't see the stranger's face, but Matthew couldn't mistake the looks on the faces of Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle. They were bursting with joy. Matthew was certain they knew this cowboy.  Something in their eyes told him that Mr. Dardy's unwelcome visit had at last come to an end, though not the end that Dardy had anticipated. 
"Who, who are you?" Mr. Dardy asked. 
"I'm the man who's gonna hold that lamp for you," said the cowboy.
Dardy's face pinched up. "I beg your pardon?"
The cowboy smiled and relieved Dardy of the lamp. "I said I'm gonna hold this for you."
Mr. Dardy arched an eyebrow. "And why might that be?"
"Because when I knock you on your fundament, I don't want you to catch my friends' fine house on fire. They'd never forgive me."  
Before Dardy could utter another word, he had a face full of fist. He yelped and staggered back, cupping his hands to his nose. He hurled a look of anger and disbelief at the cowboy. "Why you…" He then noticed that he was bleeding. "You, you… thug," he mumbled as his eyes rolled back, his legs buckled, and he plopped, unconscious, to the floor. 
Matthew leaped out from behind the chair. "Wow! Yeah! That was… Wow! That was amazing!" 
The cowboy turned to face him. "Weren't nothin', little man. I’ve been waitin' on that snake for two weeks now. He's just lucky there was a lady present," the cowboy said with a tip of his hat to a blushing Miss Nuttle. 


CHAPTER 4


 "Then you're the one who has been creeping around here?" 
  "The one and the same," admitted the cowboy, "and you almost found me out more times than I care to admit."
 Matthew caught Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle as they exchanged bewildered looks. Finch quickly recovered his composure. "Matthew, I'd like you to meet a close friend of your parents’. Mr. Baxter Fleming of...” Mr. Finch seemed to stumble on a thought, but then, regaining his footing, said, “…from, well, from all over creation.”
  Baxter Fleming, the Miracle Marksman! Matthew knew the name well. Baxter Fleming was one of Matthew’s heroes. His parents had told him many a tale involving the legendary cowboy. Matthew had also read about the famed cowboy in several of his parents' published journals and a plethora of dime novels written by Irving Cooper, the latter provided courtesy of Mr. Finch. Matthew's parents thought the dime novels laughable exaggerations of their exploits, but Finch had often confided in Matthew that even the most outlandish dime novels about Matthew's family’s exploits were sedate when compared to the real life events on which they were based. Baxter Fleming had played a role in more than one of those adventures.
  "Call me Bax," said the cowboy. He extended a hand toward Matthew who took it in his own and shook it.
 "You were a good friend of my parents," Matthew said.
 "Were, nothin'. I still am, and I'm all the better off for it."
 "Eh-hmm," Mr. Finch cleared his throat.
 "I know that ‘eh-hmm’, Finchy. What's wrong?"
 It was Matthew who answered. "My parents are dead," he said over the sudden lump in his throat.
 Bax hooked his thumbs in his gun belt. "Now where’d you get a dern fool idea like that from? This varmint?" He gave the still unconscious Mr. Dardy a jab with the toe of his boot.
 "Yes," said Miss Nuttle. "He came with legal documents… death certificates." She looked toward Matthew. "He was going to take Matthew to live with one of Mrs. Graham's distant relations."
  Mathew watched Bax as the cowboy rubbed his stubbly chin. "Can't say that I've ever been one to put much stock in papers.”
 Matthew's heart pounded. "What are you saying, Bax?"
 "I'm saying your folks aren't dead, little man." He looked to Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle. "You two should know Charles and Elizabeth well enough to know they wouldn’t kick off that easily."
  Mr. Finch looked a bit stung by Bax's words. "Agreed," he said, "but how is it you can be so certain?"
 Bax smiled. "Hmph. Well… papers, I reckon." He glanced at Matthew. "Though mind you, consider the source." As he spoke, he drew a folded letter from the pocket of his buckskin jacket and handed it to Matthew. "Go ahead. Read it."
  Matthew quickly opened the letter. He immediately recognized his mother's graceful handwriting. Taking a deep, calming breath, Matthew began reading aloud.

Dear Baxter, 
 Charles and I hope that this letter finds you in your customary good health and high humor. It seems ages ago since the last time we were all together; yet it seems like only yesterday that Matthew was born and Charles and I settled into the never-boring adventure that is parenthood. 
  As I commit these words to paper, we are in Krakow, Poland, by way of Transylvania, having come at Milo’s behest. We cannot say how much we have missed traveling. It does wonders for the soul. 
 Perhaps you will travel soon and have new stories to regale us with. And, just as in the old days, we shall, all of us, by all means, keep one another informed.  
Ever Yours,
Elizabeth & Charles

Matthew looked up at Bax. He did not share the cowboy's conviction that his parents were alive and well. "But this letter was written over eight weeks ago. How can you be sure my parents are all right?"
A conspiratorial gleam entered the man's steely blue eyes. He beckoned Matthew toward him. "Turn it over. Look at the backside"
Matthew did so and noticed more of his mother's handwriting. But strangely, this writing looked older; faded brown, barely distinguishable from the parchment on which it was written. Matthew read the second letter aloud. 

Bax,
 We have fallen in among the vipers and, though unharmed, Charles, Milo, and I are prisoners.  
 Make haste to our home in Michigan.  The letter on which this secret message is written is but one of many we have penned under duress. No doubt our captors intend to use them to delay any suspicions as to our well-being and whereabouts.
 Two days ago, Charles managed to change the address on a shipping crate of vital interest. If all went as hoped, the crate is now in the hands of our neighbor, Mr. Brewer, along with instructions to keep it for you. 
Along with the crate's precious cargo, you will find additional instructions for its delivery to us. 
  But, Bax, before you claim the crate, see to Matthew's safety. We believe that our captors will go to any lengths to achieve their goal and, we do not know the extent of their reach.  
                                                                   God’s speed, 
                                                                               E&C

When he'd finished reading, Matthew stared blankly at the writing. Finally, he shook his head and said, "This isn't very reassuring, Bax."
The cowboy knelt down next to Mr. Dardy, who was still out cold, looked to Matthew, and smiled. "I've been keepin' an eye on you for a couple of weeks now, little man. I've seen a lot of your Ma and Pa in you. They've done a right commendable job raisin' you up. But, it seems they've been a might neglectful in teachin' you to look at bright side of things." 
Matthew held the letter up. "But they're prisoners! Where's the bright side of that?"
Baxter had a hold of Dardy's chin and was turning his face from side to side as though trying to see something. He spoke to Matthew without looking up. "Now see, that's exactly what I mean. You said it, but you still didn't see it." 
Matthew sighed. "I know, the bright side. And that would be…?"
 "Your folks are not dead, pard. They're prisoners. There’s a big difference."
 "But this letter is two months old!” Matthew said. “How do you know what's happened to them since it was written?"
 The cowboy finally appeared serious. "I'll be honest, little man. I won't pretend to know what's happened to your folks since they wrote that letter, but I can tell you what hasn't happened to them and why." Before elaborating, Bax said to Miss Nuttle. "Ma'am, could I trouble for a glass of water?"
Both Matthew and the maid said, "Now?"
"Now would be good."
  Matthew couldn't believe Bax was thinking about a drink of water right in the middle of this conversation.  Apparently, neither could Miss Nuttle. "Alright, then, I'll just be a moment," she said, somewhat apprehensively as she stepped from the room.
Bax continued. "If whoever has your folks had it in their mind to kill 'em, they wouldn't be going to the trouble to keep 'em prisoner just so's they can lug 'em around Europe. The way I understand that there letter, these people have a plan that somehow involves your folks and your granddad. And until that plan plays out, I suspect they'll be just fine. And that, pard, is the bright side of the situation."
 It did make sense, Matthew admitted to himself. Everything Bax said was in the letter; Matthew had only to look for the bright side to see it. 
  He wondered though, "What is the plan?"
  "Now that," Bax said, "I suspect will be made clear when I go to claim the crate they sent."
  Matthew was nodding as Miss Nuttle returned with a glass of water. She handed it to the cowboy, who promptly splashed it in Dardy's face. Coughing and sputtering, Dardy snapped fully awake. Matthew grinned, seeing the fear in Mr. Dardy's eyes when the man looked up to find Bax looming over him. "Get away from me, you…"  
 "Thug?" Baxter finished for him. Before Dardy could reply, Bax said. "I've got a few questions for you that need answers."
 Dardy began to scoot away from the cowboy, but Bax grabbed hold of the man's ankle and pinned him to the spot. "I don't answer to you, Mr.…."
 "Fleming," said Bax. "You didn't let me finish. Now I want answers from you, and I don't care how I get them out of you. But I will get them. Do I make myself clear?"
It was clear to Matthew, but he hoped that it wasn't to Dardy; he wouldn't mind seeing the man get thumped again. He deserved it after all. Matthew watched Dardy's eyes rove around the room, looking at everyone and no one in particular. "I'm not answering anything while sitting on the floor," he huffed. Before he could utter another word, Bax yanked him up off the floor, Dardy's feet scrambling as he tried to gain his footing. There was, however, no need for balance since, before anyone knew what was happening, Bax had plunked him down into the nearest chair.
Dardy winced, glowering at Bax, but wisely keeping his mouth shut.
Matthew watched as Bax drew up another chair, set it down backwards before Dardy, and settled into it. "Now then…"
"Ask him where my parents and Grandpa Milo are." 
Dardy rolled his eyes. "Mind your own business, you little brat."
Pop! "Hey!" Dardy yipped, feeling the sting of Baxter's hand on his cheek.
The cowboy gave the lawyer an icy glare. "I'll do the talking here." He looked to Matthew. "That goes for you too. Now where was I? Oh yeah, um…" 
Matthew caught Bax's sidelong glance as the cowboy said, "Where are his folks and grandpa?"
"I don't know," Dardy answered through pursed lips.
"Liar," Matthew blurted. "He knows, Bax. He's ly…Oops, sorry."
Bax shook his head; then to Dardy he said, "I'm tendin' to agree with the boy on that point. So what's it going to be Mr. Dardy?" As he spoke, Bax raised his right hand, balled it into a fist and cracked his knuckles for effect. 
Matthew could hardly keep from grinning at the thought of Dardy getting another pop. One more lie, he thought to himself. Come on, I dare you.
Bax kept talking. "You gonna shoot straight with me, or do I need to give you about five reasons to?"
As Matthew looked on, he could see in Dardy's tiny eyes that the man was too afraid of Bax not to cooperate. Rats. 
"Fine," snarled Dardy. "As far as I know they're here, in the States. Exactly where, I don't know."
Matthew studied Dardy; the man didn't seem to be lying. "I don't know, Bax. What do you think?"
"I think you should go stand with Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle."
"Good idea," Dardy added.
"Shut it," Bax ordered his captive.
"Yeah," Matthew said. Then to Bax he added. "Can I whack him one?"
Just then Matthew felt Miss Nuttle's hands on his shoulders. "Little boys' don't whack their elders, Matthew; whether they deserve it or not. Now come along and let Mr. Fleming handle things."
Flanked by Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle, Matthew took his place near the library's archway and brooded.
"Alright," Bax said to Dardy. "Let's be quick about this. I've got business elsewhere tonight."
"Who's he working fo…?" Before the question was finished, Matthew felt Mr. Finch's hand cover his mouth. 
Bax didn’t bother to look back but said, in a very appreciative tone, "Thank you. Now then," he said to Dardy. He paused, sighed, and then said, "Who are you working for?"
Dardy smirked. "Well, we all know who you're working for, don't we?"
"You gotta pop him for that one!" Matthew exclaimed.
The cowboy forced a smile for Dardy. "Just so we're clear that I don't work for the boy, I'm not gonna thump ya for that."
Still gripped on each shoulder by Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch, Matthew folded his arms and stared off into space.
Bax resumed the interrogation. "Answer the question."
"You don't want to know who I work for," Dardy said as though imparting friendly advice.
"If I were afraid, I wouldn't have asked. And I won't ask again."
Dardy was clearly clinging to his tentative bravado, but beads of sweat were massing along his brow. Matthew could see that even if Bax wasn't fearful of Dardy's boss, Dardy certainly was. 
 "I am not employed by a person, but rather, an organization," Dardy said, "though I doubt that you've heard of it." 
 "We'll see about that," Baxter said.
 "They call themselves The Brotherhood of St. George."  The lawyer’s eyes narrowed knowingly. “I can tell by your reaction," he said, "that this is the first you've heard of it. Not surprising. Few people have. And now you know more than most… certainly enough to get yourself killed."
 Matthew studied Bax for some indication of the cowboy's thoughts, to see if he felt as unsettled as Matthew suddenly did, but the cowboy seemed wholly indifferent to Dardy's revelation. And so the questioning of Mr. Dardy continued… 
 “What does this Brotherhood want with the Grahams?”
 “I don't know.”
 “Where are they being taken?”
 “West. That's all I know. West.’  
 And so on, and so on, and so on.
 It required all of Matthew's willpower to remain quiet for the duration of the interrogation. In the end it seemed to Matthew that Dardy had revealed next to nothing; yet the pained expression on the man's face implied that he had said too much.
 "Are you quite through?" Dardy whined to Bax.
 The cowboy seemed to consider for a moment, then said. "I reckon I am at that, seein’ as how you’re about as useful as a bucket with no bottom." 
 Matthew stepped closer to Bax and asked, "What are we going to do with him now?" Dardy must have been wondering the very same thing for Matthew observed a flash of fear in the lawyer's eyes.
 Bax rose to his feet. "Send him on his way, I reckon."
 Stunned, Matthew exclaimed, "But you can't just let him go! We should take him to the jail. He… he..."
 Matthew felt Bax's hand settle on his shoulder. "We don’t have much choice, little man. Even if the sheriff agreed with us, we don’t have any actual proof of this good-for-nothing's involvement in your parents’ kidnapping."
 "That's right," Dardy snickered. "It would boil down to your word against mine, and I have connections in this town. As a matter of fact, I intend to press charges of my own." 
Matthew stumbled back as Bax lunged forward past him. The cowboy seized hold of the lawyer's jacket and jerked him from the chair so fast that Dardy's only reaction was a high-pitched yelp.
"Unhand me this instant, you brute! I'm warning you!" Dardy squealed as Bax dragged him kicking and screaming down the hallway.
"Little man," Bax called over his shoulder, "open the front door." 
Matthew dashed past the manhandled lawyer and threw the door wide open. He watched as Bax, without missing a step, changed his grip on Dardy, seizing hold of the back of the man's shirt collar with one hand and the seat of his britches with the other. 
"Slow down!" Dardy squeaked, his hands and feet scrabbling at the floor.  
"Move out of the way, pard," Bax said calmly.
"Move out of the way?" Matthew asked. "But I'm not blocking the door." 
A tight smile worked its away onto Bax's face. "I know. Now move."
Matthew complied just in the nick of time as Mr. Dardy sailed by him and crashed into the wall beside the open door. The framed daguerreotypes and other wall decorations rattled with the impact.
"Ouch!" Matthew said, grimacing in spite of himself. He looked down as Mr. Dardy rolled slowly back onto his haunches. He groaned, almost pitifully, and shook his head. Probably trying to clear it of stars, Matthew thought. 
"You missed," Matthew said as Bax once again came to stand over Dardy. 
"I guess I did," Bax said with a smile.
"You did not!" exclaimed the lawyer. "You deliberately threw me into the wall."
With a hurt expression on his face, Bax said. "Now why would I deliberately hurt you? You bein' all connected like in this town. Why I'd be invitin' a heap of trouble on myself." 
Matthew almost laughed out loud as Bax bent down and hoisted Dardy to his feet. "Seems to me that any man fool enough to rough up a lawyer might be capable of inflictin' all sorts of hurt and not think twice about it. Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Dardy?" 
Mustering the last of his dignity, Mr. Dardy attempted to smooth out his wrinkled clothing. "This may be Michigan, Mr. Fleming, and not your savage frontier, but believe me, it can be every bit as deadly." 
"I'm sure it can be," Baxter said. He then grabbed the lawyer and launched him bodily through the open front door. "Now git,” he said as Dardy hit the flagstone walk. “And If I ever hear tell of you coming around here again, you'll find out how savage the frontier can be."
Dardy clamored into his buggy. "You shouldn't have interfered, Mr. Fleming. Had things gone my way, the boy and his family might have had an easier time of it in the days and weeks to come. But now your meddling will assure the Brotherhood's direct involvement. And believe me, they have resources the likes of which you can't possibly imagine," he said. Without looking back, he grasped the reins, put his heels to the horse’s sides and prodded the animal into a gallop down the drive. 
Matthew stepped onto the wide porch next to Bax and watched Dardy disappear into the night. Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch joined them.  No one spoke for a time, and it seemed to Matthew that no one really knew what to say.
 Matthew considered Dardy's parting threat. "Do you think he means it?"
 "I think he believes that he meant it," Bax replied. "But I wouldn't worry, pard. I suspect that varmint is a far sight better at talkin' than he is at doin'."
 Matthew wasn't so confident. Sure, Dardy had been no match against Bax, but it wasn't the lawyer that worried Matthew.  What concerned him now was the mysterious Brotherhood of St. George. The only thing they had really learned bout it from Dardy was that the Brotherhood had managed to capture Matthew's family. That, Matthew knew, said more about the Brotherhood than any threat Dardy could voice.
 Already Matthew was beginning to turn his thoughts toward finding some way to locate and rescue his parents and grandfather.
 It was then that Baxter said to the butler, "If you don't mind, Finch, I'd like to borrow the buckboard. I don't know how big the crate is that I'm to pick up, and I don't want to be caught unprepared."
 "Indeed, sir. I'll bring it around at once." 
  As Finch stepped off the porch and started around the house, Miss Nuttle, said, "Come inside and get ready for bed, Matthew."
 "But I…" Matthew had been about to protest being sent to bed when inspiration struck." Alright," he agreed. No one seemed to notice that he was being uncharacteristically compliant as he headed indoors.  
He paused just inside the front door. "Good night, Bax. And thanks - for everything," he said. 
The cowboy tipped his hat. "Weren't nothin' little man." 
Matthew turned to follow Miss Nuttle, but turned again and asked, "Will I see you tomorrow?"
"I'll be around so, don't you worry none. I wouldn't come all the way to Michigan and not sample some of Miss Nuttle's fine, fine cookin'."
Matthew smiled and looked to the housekeeper. Her cheeks were as red as apples.
"Come along, Matthew," she said. 
Matthew hurried inside and raced up the stairs. He heard Miss Nuttle call after him. "Don't forget to wash your face and brush your teeth, Matthew. I'll be along shortly to tuck you in."
"Okay," Matthew called as he passed by the bathroom and made straight for his bedroom. He crossed to the window. Good thing I didn't nail it shut, he thought as he opened it and crawled through onto the shingled roof of the porch. He moved quickly but quietly to the edge where the expansive boughs of the ancient maple tree hung just over the roof. Climbing among the branches, Matthew worked his way to the far side of the tree and out along the branch supporting his swing. He dangled himself from the branch, grabbing hold of the rope. He slid toward the ground, dropping the last few feet when he heard the clatter of the buckboard drawing near.
From behind the hedges, Matthew waited until the buckboard was directly in front of him. He fell in behind it at a trot and climbed up into the bed. He crawled forward to just behind the driver’s seat where a wooden tool trunk, and a tarpaulin were stored. He covered himself with the heavy canvas just as Mr. Finch brought the buckboard to a stop.
"Thank you, Finch," he heard Bax say.
"Would you like me to come with you, sir?"
"I'd feel better if you stayed right here to keep an eye on Miss Nuttle and the boy."
"So you think they will return… for the young master?" Finch asked.
Matthew could hear Bax climbing up to the driver’s seat, the springs creaking as he sat. "I don't know, Finch. If that Dardy rascal was working alone for this Brotherhood then, maybe, we’ve seen the worst of it. But if he's got back up…"
Mr. Finch thought and then replied, "I shall be ready and waiting, Mr. Fleming."
"I won't be long," Bax said. Matthew could hear the reins snap and felt the buckboard roll forward. As they neared the end of the drive, Matthew peaked out from under the tarpaulin and looked back at the house. He could see Mr. Finch standing in front of the porch, watching them go. At the last moment, just as the buckboard was turning onto the dusty road, Matthew caught site of Miss Nuttle as she burst from the house. She had undoubtedly discovered Matthew's absence and very likely realized – only too late - that he had stowed away on the buckboard.
Thankfully, the creak and clatter of the wheels, the clink and jingle of the traces, and the clip-clop of the horse’s hooves overpowered any calling out Miss Nuttle may have done. Matthew settled back under the canvas. He would wait to make his presence known until they had gone too far for Bax to conveniently turn them around. In the meanwhile, he would endure the unforgiving bumps and bruising jolts that the buckboard inflicted upon him as they traveled the rutted road.  


CHAPTER 5


Some while later Mathew chanced another look out from under the tarpaulin. By the light of the moon, he recognized his whereabouts. They were passing the pond on the edge of the Brewer family farm. In a few moments, Bax would be turning the buckboard down the drive.  It was then that Matthew decided to announce his presence. But how to do so without giving Bax a start? The last thing Matthew wanted was for the cowboy to draw one of his legendary Colts and shoot him by mistake.
It was then that the buckboard reached old man Brewer's drive. Turning into it, the buckboard dipped into and out of a deep rut. The suddenness of it caused Matthew's head to slam against the back of the driver’s seat.
"Ouch!" he cried out in spite of himself. He clutched his head and rolled out from under the tarpaulin. "Ow, ow, ow," he moaned while fighting back the tears he could feel pooling at the corners of his clenched eyes.
After a moment, he realized that the wagon had come to a stop. Tentatively, he opened one eye and looked forward. Through a haze of pain, he could see Bax regarding him with a look of pleasure. The cowboy was smiling at him!
"Sorry about that," Bax said. "I didn't expect that ditch to be so deep."
Matthew sat up, still rubbing his pounding head. "You mean you did that on purpose? You mean… wait a minute. You knew I was hiding in the wagon?"
"Well, you are your parents' son. I can't think of any other place you would be at a time like this, surely not back home in your bed. Though now that I think about it, we're bound to get a tongue-lashing from Miss Nuttle when we get back."   
 Matthew stood up and settled into the seat next to Bax. "So you let me ride back there getting all banged and bruised for nothing?"
"Not for nothin', little man. Let's just call it your punishment for not doin' what you were told to do."
"You could have just sent me home before we had gone too far."
"Why? You still wouldn't have stayed behind, and, at least this way, I know exactly where you are."
Bax gave the reins a flick, and the wagon lurched forward as the horses began to move. "So what is this Mr. Brewer like?" Bax asked.
 "He's old," Matthew said, "real old."
 "Old. That’s not much of a description, but I reckon it'll have to do," Bax said as he brought the wagon to a stop at the foot of the front porch steps.
 "Old and crotchety," Matthew added quickly, just as the front door opened, pouring light across the porch, the wagon, and a bit of the lawn beyond.
 As though materializing from the light, Mr. Brewer stepped out onto the porch. He was a gristly little man with a spindly little beard made all the more noticeable by his bald pate. 
 "Whoa, you weren’t kidding," Bax whispered. "The coot looks older'n Methuselah."
 Matthew fought down a grin and whispered back, "I told you so."
 "And crotchety."
 Mr. Brewer stood before them holding an upraised lantern in his left hand and a scattergun in the crook of his right arm. "It's a little late in the day for strangers to come a callin', don't you think?" the old man said.
 Matthew leaned forward on the buckboard so he could be seen. "We're not strangers, Mr. Brewer."
 The old man shifted his gaze from Bax to Matthew, "That you Matthew?"
 "Yes, sir," Matthew said and waved.
 The old man turned his focus back to Bax. "I know the boy, but I don't know you."
 Bax tipped his hat, "The name is, Fleming. Baxter Fleming."
 "Well, Baxter Fleming, what's your business, and what are you doing dragging Charles and Elizabeth's boy around with you at this hour?"
 Bax smiled politely and began to climb down from the wagon.  
  "Not so fast," Mr. Brewer said, gesturing with the scattergun for Bax to sit back down. Bax scowled but complied. "You're not setting foot off that buckboard until you've answered my questions… and then only if I like the answers."
 "It's alright, Mr. Brewer," Matthew interjected, not liking the mounting tension in the air. "We're here for the crate." 
 The old man scrutinized Bax a bit more carefully through narrowed eyes. "What crate?"
 Bax's face was a mask of grim seriousness. "The crate sent to you by the Grahams for safekeeping," he said tightly.
 "Don't know any more about a crate than I know about a Baxter Fleming."
  "Bax, show him the letter," Matthew said.
 Without looking away from Mr. Brewer, Bax drew the folded letter from his jacket pocket and handed it down to the old man.
 Matthew was relieved to see the hardness leave Bax's face, replaced by a bemused expression, as old man Brewer attempted to unfold the paper while juggling both the scattergun and the lantern.
There was much harrumphing, squinting, mumbling, and several scrutinizing glances at Bax. Then old man Brewer handed the letter back to Bax. When he said nothing, Bax finally said, “Well?”
“I’m a’ ponderin’,” the elderly man snapped.
“What’s to ponder? You read the letter.”
Mr. Brewer’s scowl deepened . “Pshaw! I can’t read a darned thing without my spectacles.”
Bax’s shoulders sagged.
“However,” Mr. Brewer said, “I know that there boy well enough, so I reckon you are who you claim.” He indicated the barn with a lift of his wrinkled chin. “The crate is in the loft.  Help yourself.”

*            *            *

  Even with the doors flung wide to admit the silvery light of the moon, the interior of the barn was still blacker than a deep well until Mr. Brewer handed his lantern to Bax.
Matthew followed Bax as Mr. Brewer led them to the base of the ladder. He looked up but, even by the light of the lantern, the loft looked ominously dark.  
 "It's right up there, buried in the hay," said the old man. "I'd climb up with you and lend a hand, but my old back's been flaring up on me for nigh on a week now. Getting old, I suppose."
 "Is it a big crate?" Matthew wondered aloud. 
 Mr. Brewer shrugged. "Big enough I suppose. Don't worry though; you can get it down the same way I got it up." As he spoke, he indicated a rope hanging partly visible from the overhead gloom. "Like I said, wish I could help, but…"
 "It's not a problem, sir," Bax said. "The boy and I can manage." He handed the lantern to Matthew and started up the ladder. He disappeared over the edge and, for a moment, not a sound drifted down from the loft. It was as though Bax had been swallowed up by the darkness. Matthew found the very thought a bit unsettling. 
 He breathed a sigh of relief when the cowboy's face peered down at him. When Bax reached down, Matthew climbed the first couple of rungs and handed him the lantern.
 "Come on up," Bax said, and then disappeared again. 
 Slowly, Matthew climbed up. The whole loft was packed with hay; bales and bales of it, as well as large loose mounds of hay. He saw that Bax had hung the lantern on a peg and was probing the piles of hay with a long, hooked pole, in an effort to find the crate. 
 After a few minutes, a look of concern worked its way onto Bax's face. "Where should I be looking?" he called out. There was no reply from below.
 Matthew stepped to the edge and peered over. "He's not down there."
Just then, Bax exclaimed. “Ah-ha! I think I found it, Matthew."
 Matthew hesitated, but leaned a bit further over the edge; there was no sign of the old man. Strange, he thought. He was turning back to Bax when he heard something overhead. He glanced up, but the rafters were too deep in shadow for him to see anything. 
 "Pard," Bax called.  
 With a lingering eye to the rafters, Matthew joined Bax at the crate. 
 "It's not as big as I was expecting," the cowboy said. 
The square wooden box stood as high as Matthew's knees. It appeared heavy and solidly built.
 "Can we open it?" Matthew asked excitedly. 
 "Don't see we have much of a choice since our instructions are supposed to be inside the crate," Bax said.
Matthew rubbed his palms together in anticipation. It was almost like it was his birthday.
Bax smiled at him. "Easy there, pard. First things first; I don't want to open it up here in the loft."
Matthew watched as Bax reached out and used the hook-tipped pole to snag the rope and pulley rig.  His attention was drawn from the cowboy's efforts by the same odd sound he had heard just moments ago. This time, however, the sound came from two directions at once - from somewhere overhead and also from somewhere behind them, deeper in the hayloft.
"Did you hear that?" Matthew hissed.
"Hear what?" Bax asked just as the hook snagged the rope. He pulled the rope to within reach and grabbed it with his free hand.
"Bax, I think there's something up here with us."
Bax paused to listen but the noise did not repeat itself. "Ah, it's probably nothin'… a rat maybe." He then pulled the rope over to the crate and set to work.
Matthew inched a bit closer to the cowboy, his eyes fixed on the heavy shadows created by the lantern's flickering light. "I don't think it's a rat. It sounded too big."
Just then the noise sounded again - a soft thump, like something landing on the outside wall of the barn followed by a brief scratchy sound.  Like claws seeking purchase on the boards, Matthew thought.
Bax paused in tying the rope to the crate and cocked an ear to listen. He shrugged and said, "Could be a raccoon, or a 'possum." He turned back to the rope and crate.
Matthew wasn't convinced and, without taking his eyes from the recesses of the loft, took a discreet step closer to the hulking cowboy. He flinched when Bax's hand settled on his shoulder. "Don't fret it, little man, ain't much of anything in these parts that can do more than spook a person."
Matthew nodded as Bax finished tying the last knot. "It may just be a barn owl. They're pretty fair-sized."
Matthew, still focused on the back of the loft, swallowed uneasily. "It's definitely not a barn owl," he breathed. Bax stood up beside him, and Matthew pointed toward the deepest and darkest of the shadows.
Matthew chanced a glance at Bax. The cowboy took the lantern from where it had been hanging and held it out toward the thicket of gloom. His steely gray eyes widened, but his voice was calm when he said, "Pard, get behind me."
  It was one of the rare moments in his young life when Matthew didn't need to be told twice. He hustled past the cowboy, but there was so little room between Bax and the edge of the loft that Matthew had no choice but to clutch Bax's jacket to keep from falling to the hard-packed floor far below. 
  Bax seemed not to notice Matthew clinging to him. His focus was locked on the shadows. Matthew leaned to peek around Bax's side and almost got an elbow in his face as Bax smoothly drew his six-shooter, Mani, the Night Pistol. He aimed the six-shooter, hip-level, toward the shadows. The Navy Colt, covered as it was with Nordic runes and Indian glyphs of silver inlay, the meanings of which were known only to the hand that crafted them; gleamed coolly in the lantern light. 
 Matthew could almost look straight down the barrel.  He gasped as the blackness came alive with red points of light. "Like fireflies on a dark summer night,” he mused.  But these lights floated in close-set pairs, and they lacked the meandering movements of fireflies.  
 The shadows seemed to move, to almost bubble like some hellish brew. Matthew peered as deeply into the blackness as the lantern light allowed; it looked to him as if a patch of stars were visible there. The starry swath winked rapidly in and out, and Matthew realized that what he was seeing was indeed a sliver of night sky. Something had pried away one of the barn wall boards. And now, through that opening, the owners of those fiery red eyes - for what else could they be but eyes - were pouring in by the score.
"I don't think you have enough bullets," he whispered.
 "Somehow it always seems to work out like that," Bax said. 
 A chorus of snarls began to ripple from the darkness, a rumbling so deep and menacing that Matthew could actually feel it as much as hear it.
 He watched Bax as the cowboy slowly raised his gun hand to the lantern and thumbed the knob, strengthening the flame. Matthew gasped as the pool of light flowed further about the loft, revealing a seething mass of monstrous shapes. 
They were shorter than Matthew. The tallest might have been chest-high, and they looked to Matthew like nothing he had ever heard tell of or even read about in any book. They were gangly in form and covered with large, leathery gray plates or scales which caught the lantern's light, casting it back in hues of green and blue. 
 Matthew took keen note of the long claws and even longer talons. That explains the scraping noises, he thought. On the back of each of the monsters, he could make out what he thought were folded, leathery-looking wings. Whatever the things were, they looked plenty dangerous enough without being able to fly to boot.
  Though it had taken but a moment to catalogue all the hideous features, it struck Matthew that he had had too much time to do so. It was as though the creatures were waiting for something. 
 "Why are they just hanging back like that?" he asked.
 Matthew met Bax's gaze as the cowboy, for the first time since the creatures had been revealed, glanced away from them for half a heartbeat and said, "I don’t know, pard, but I ain’t one to question good fortune."
 Just then the lantern light sputtered and dimmed. As the darkness closed in on them, so too did the creatures. "Oh, no," Matthew whimpered. 
 "Oh, no, you don’t, you contemptible piece of," Bax hissed and gave the lantern a quick shake. It did the trick; the lantern glowed brightly once again, but Matthew knew that it was running out of oil.
 "Look, Bax! They're backing away; they're afraid of the light! That's why they've been keeping their distance." Matthew was bolstered by his observation, but he also realized that if he and Bax were not safely away when the lantern gave out for good, they would be doomed.
 "Pard," Bax said suddenly. "I've got an idea, but no matter what I do, don't move. Understand?"
 Matthew didn't, but he nodded anyway, frantically trying to envision any positive course of action that could possibly require him not to move. All he got for his effort was a queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. 
 Suddenly, there was no more time to think. Bax was in motion. To Matthew's horror, the cowboy tossed the lantern - their only light source - toward the creatures! The monsters backpedaled in a frantic attempt to evade the light but, their efforts proved useless. Matthew watched the lantern arc through the air. Bax fired a single shot, and the lantern blossomed into a ball of yellow and orange fire, the heat of which Matthew could feel even with Bax between him and the explosion.
 In an instant, the loft was all but engulfed in fire; the hay-strewn floor was a sea of roiling flame. Elemental tongues leapt from one hay bale to another. Soon the walls, the posts, and even the rafters were alive with fire.  As the flames spread and grew with lightning speed, consuming everything they touched, they created an ever-thickening cloud of smoke that stung the eyes and choked the lungs. 
 In spite of coughing for air, Matthew was in awe of the cowboy for, with a single bullet, Bax had managed to create a bright, flaming barricade between themselves and the creatures. With the flames licking at their clawed heels, the scaly fiends were making for the thin gap in the barn wall, creating a bottleneck as they tore at one another in an effort to be first through the opening.
 Mere seconds had elapsed since Bax had shot the lantern, and now the cowboy turned, seized the loose end of the rope in one hand, and scooped Matthew up with the other. "Hold on," he said. As he spoke, he kicked the crate - which was tied to the other end of the rope - over the edge of the loft. No sooner had it gone over, than Bax leaped out into the open space after it. 
 "Ahhhhhh!" Matthew screamed as he was carried over the edge. He caught a blur of motion as the crate, just before it should have hit the floor, changed course and rocketed toward the rafters, propelled by the human weights on the other end of the rope.
 Matthew's breath caught in his chest as he and Bax struck the ground, their landing somewhat softened by Bax's hold on the rope. The cowboy hit the barn floor rolling and managed somehow to deposit Matthew in one piece. Like Bax, Matthew tumbled, but he came to rest sitting upright, clutching one hand to his pounding chest, staring wide-eyed, amazed to be alive.
 "You all right, little man? I didn't mean to scare you like that."
  Matthew quickly pretended to be dusting off his shirt. "Don’t be silly," he said, hoping the quiver in his voice wasn't obvious. "It would take a lot more than strange creatures and almost falling to my death to scare me." 
  As the last word left his lips, the catapulted crate crashed to the floor behind him. The wood splintered with a crunch that startled Matthew to his feet in one swift movement. He glanced at Bax but the cowboy was too busy to have noticed; he was already up and making his way over to the broken box. 
Matthew turned to follow and, almost at once, he became aware of how quickly the fire was spreading as dark tendrils of smoke reached down from above as though trying to grab him. Worse still were the countless bright red cinders that now rained from the loft, sparking new fires wherever they landed.  He hurried after Bax.
Two sides of the shipping crate lay in shattered pieces, mingled with packing straw blown out of the box upon impact. The top of the crate, still held in place by a nail or two, hung at an angle to one side. 
 Matthew and Bax knelt beside the crate, and together they began to clear away the remaining straw. "We have to be quick," Matthew said, casting a wary glance toward the wide open barn doors. "Those things are bound to come looking for us down here."
  Bax nodded, then yanked the away the top of the crate, fully exposing the object inside. "What in the Sam Hill is that?" Bax asked.  
 Matthew was thinking the exact same thing as he regarded the thing in the box. It was off-white in color and speckled with yellowish spots. It was round, more or less, sort of tapered at one end like an egg. In fact, it looked to Matthew, just like an egg, except that it was as big as a bucket. "It looks… like an egg,” he said, “a giant egg."
 Bax was rubbing his chin; clearly he didn’t know what to make of it. Then he reached into the packing straw, "I found your ma and pa's instructions," he said. He slid the letter into one of his boots. "It's gonna darn sure be interesting to read what they have to say about their little package." 
 Just, then, however, a loud banging noise erupted from deeper within the barn. Bax leapt to his feet; he slipped out of his buckskin jacket and tossed it to Matthew.
"I'm not cold," Matthew said. He had half a mind to add, We're in the middle of a burning barn! How could I be cold?
 "It's not for you, pard. Wrap up that egg," he said and started toward the noise.
  "Bax, where are you going?"
  The cowboy had already disappeared into the thickening smoke, but his voice came back loud and clear. "Wrap that egg and be quick about it! We've got to get out of here before this whole place comes down on top of us!"   
 Matthew laid the jacket out and placed the enormous egg on it. He was about to simply wrap the coat around it when he had a better idea. Scooping up handfuls of the straw, he packed it around the egg before wrapping the jacket around it, using the sleeves to tie it all together. 
  Cradling the bundled egg in his arms, he stood up. The smoke was so thick now that he could hardly see anything else. He coughed several times and fanned the smoke away from his face without success.  Whatever the banging nose was, it had ceased, but where was Bax?  Matthew called his name but got no answer. He was beginning to worry that the cowboy could have gotten himself trapped, and he doubted if a boy his size could drag a man Bax's size to safety. He swallowed uneasily and hoped that he wouldn't have to find out.
The smoke was getting worse by the moment.  Then Matthew heard a new sound, barely audible over the crackling of the fire. It sounded like hoof beats. A horse? As if on cue, the smoke parted to reveal a massive roan as it charged into view. "Yikes!" Matthew bleated as he stepped out of the horse's path. 
As the horse raced by, a hand reached down through the sooty air and plucked Matthew up by the back of his shirt. "Gottcha!" Bax said as he deposited Matthew on the back of the saddle. "Hang on tight."
Matthew, still clutching the egg, could barely hang on at all, yet somehow he stayed on the horse as it bolted toward the open doors and the safety of the cool night. They had scarcely cleared the open doors when the loft collapsed with a thunderous boom, and the barn belched a cloud of smoke and burning debris that nearly enveloped them as the crossed the threshold.  When they were clear of the inferno, Bax reined the horse to a stop and turned about to face the barn. "Are you alright?" he asked Matthew.
"Yes. I'm… Bax, what about, Mr. Brewer?" The old man had disappeared, but they couldn't be certain that he wasn't still in the barn. Matthew looked worriedly at the burning building even as a portion of the roof fell inward. If Mr. Brewer wasn't inside - and he sincerely hoped the old-timer wasn't - he was going to be plenty angry about his barn.
Matthew looked again to Bax, and the cowboy said. "I don't believe the old man made it."
Matthew glanced down at the jacket-wrapped egg, "How do you know?" he asked, not sure that he really wanted to know.
Bax simply pointed off to their right. Matthew could see a small shape lying halfway between the barn and the house. They rode over to it. Bax slid from the saddle but as Matthew began to do likewise, the cowboy place a hand on his arm. "Stay put."
Matthew tried to get a look at the figure on the ground, but Bax seemed to be intentionally keeping himself in the way. The cowboy squatted over the unmoving figure. 
Nervously, Matthew asked, "Is it him?" 
"It was," Bax said flatly.
Matthew could not tell for sure, but the body, what he could see of it around the cowboy, didn't appear to be burned. He said as much, but Bax didn't answer immediately. Instead, the cowboy removed the old man's coat and laid it over his lifeless form. He stepped back to the horse and climbed up into the saddle. "Weren't the fire that did him in," he said at last. 
Matthew looked at old man Brewer's covered body, and his eyes widened when he caught sight of one of the man's hands sticking out from under the coat. It was covered by what looked to be cuts, scratches and… bite marks?  "Those monsters killed him," he said. 
Bax nodded, "Looks that way." 
Matthew tightened his grip on the huge, jacket-wrapped egg and glanced up at the starry sky. "But where are they now?"  
Bax surveyed the sky as well, as he prodded the horse into a gallop. "I wish I knew," he said. "That barn fire is big enough and bright enough, it may have driven them into hiding, but I doubt they've gone very far. We need to get as far away from here as we can, as fast as we can, while we still have a chance." In moments the horse was in an all out run down the drive. 
"It would be faster if we cut through the woods," Matthew suggested. 
"It would, but it's too dark for the horse to see; she'd be apt to trip up and hurt herself, and then we'd have to make a run for it on foot." 
"Good point," Matthew agreed. He hugged the giant egg to him with one arm and with the other held tightly to Bax's belt. The horse blazed a trail down the drive as Bax urged it to greater speed.
 Near the end of the drive, the horse cut an angle across the yard. It punched a hole through the light undergrowth and burst onto the road at a full run, its hooves kicking up a cloud of dust and gravel.
 They were halfway to Matthew's house when Bax called out. "How're you doin' back there, pard?"
 Matthew's voice rattled to the rhythm of the hoof beats. "F-f-fine." He thought to ask about his parents' wagon which had been left behind, but he knew the buckboard would only have slowed them down. Besides, they could always go back and get it in the morning.
 "We're almost there," Bax said. "When we get back, I want--"
 "Bax, behind us!"
 The cowboy looked back over his shoulder and Matthew, unable to spare a hand to point with said. "They're coming!"
 Bax turned back to the road ahead. "H'yahh!" he snapped to the horse, urging the animal to its limits.
 Matthew, for his part, could not take his eyes away from the pursuing threat. The road, walled in by forest on either side, was a black canyon, lit only by the moon and the stars shining through the crevasse of foliage. As Matthew watched, the stars began to wink out one by one, cloaked by a dark, rising mass. Soon, the spreading blot was almost overhead, eclipsing the moon, casting the rutted road into utter blackness.
 He looked forward for fear of what he might see behind him. "Hurry, Bax, hurry!"
 "Almost there, almost there, almost there," repeated the cowboy as though trying to reassure himself as well as Matthew. He succeeded in neither case.
All at once, Matthew felt fingers of icy fear crawling up and down his back, seeping into his chest as he heard the flapping of wings, felt the pounding of the air at his back.  Unable to resist, he looked back again and immediately regretted doing so, as he came face to face with the fiery eyes and glinting, jagged fangs of one of the scaly demons as it swooped down at him.
The creature shrieked triumphantly as it reached to pluck Matthew from the saddle. Matthew screamed in spite of himself
In a blur of motion, Bax's arm swung around, as if he were reaching past Matthew for the creature. The roar of one of the cowboy's Colts split the air, the creature's shriek became a shrill grunt as the bullet slammed into it, sending it hurtling end over end to the hard-packed road below.  Several of the nearest of the flying monstrosities issued anguished howls as they watched one of their brethren fall dead.
 The horse hurried on, never breaking stride. Matthew looked back, and through the gloom, he could just make out the swirling cloud of the creatures as they lingered above their lost comrade.
 "You did it, Bax! You scared them! I don't think they're going to…" Even as he spoke, Matthew watched in dread as the creatures - as though they were one giant beast - flew straight up, spiraling toward the stars like a tornado; a tornado which then arched downward, barreling straight for him, Bax and the horse like a screaming, demonic arrow.
 Matthew felt the horse change direction and knew that they were home, which still didn’t mean they were safe. The house sat well back from the road, so he was surprised when the horse came to a skidding stop. It huffed and snorted nervously, alarmed by something in the yard.
 Matthew looked ahead and was hit with the biggest shock of the night. He felt instantly hollow inside. The yard was aglow; a red-orange tableau, lit by the raging inferno that had been his family's home. Every part of the mammoth structure was engulfed in flames.
 Before Bax could stop him, Matthew slid from the horse's back, still clutching the giant egg, and rushed toward his burning home, his burning world.
 He fell to his knees and stared blankly into the blaze, the heat of which dried the tears streaming down his face. Bax was at his side then. "Come on, little man. It ain't safe out here."
 As if to drive the point home, the fluttering cyclone of creatures careened into view at the end of the driveway. The swirling horde was heading straight toward them, but Matthew could hardly move.
 Bax's hand on his shoulder gave him the strength of heart he needed to get to his feet. Yet even then, it was too late; the creatures were less than a stone's throw away. Matthew cradled the egg protectively, while Bax shielded him. At the last second though, the twisting flock parted, one half veering left, the other to the right.
 Matthew blinked as he realized that the creatures had turned back right where the light from the fire held its own against the night. Matthew heard Bax breath a sigh of relief. They watched the monsters as they flitted about like bats, hissing and snapping, but always keeping their distance. 
 Matthew handed the bundled egg to Bax, looked the cowboy in the eye, then to the creatures, and finally to the flaming house. "I know I'm supposed to look on the bright side of things, but...” A terrible thought struck Matthew like a lightning bolt. "Oh no! Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle!" He started toward the fiery steps. "They can't be in there, Bax. They can't be."
 He looked at Bax and was met by a grim expression. "They're resourceful folk, pard. If there was anyway to escape, then I've no doubt they did so."
 Matthew could tell that Bax wasn't a confident as he sounded. "Where could they have gone then?" he asked the cowboy. "We have to find them!"
 "Whoa, now," Bax calmly. "First things, first. We're trapped here, you and I; we couldn’t go in there unless we were the Devil himself, and we can't go too far yonder," he said, pointing to the creature-infested yard.
 "But we have to do something!" Matthew exclaimed.
 Bax handed him the giant egg. "Hold this, will you?"
 Matthew took the egg back but said, "I was thinking something a bit more than this."
  "Patience, Matthew. We've got time - at least ‘til sunup or 'til this fire burns out."
 Both Matthew and Bax started at the sound of several gun shots. Matthew almost dropped the egg as Bax, crouching down and drawing his pistol, yanked him to the ground with him. "Who's shooting?" Matthew asked.
 "I don't know." Bax admitted, his eyes sweeping their brightly lit prison. "Could be whoever it was that torched your house."
 "Dardy," Matthew growled. He blinked as two more blasts rang out.
 "Strange," Bax muttered lifting his head. "Whoever it is, they’re either a bad shot, or they aren’t shooting at us."
“Not shooting at us,” Matthew repeated to himself. He leaped to his feet, evading Bax's attempt to pull him to the lawn again. "It's got to be Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle!" He looked all around but saw only fire and flying monsters.
 "Get down, boy," Bax barked as he grabbed hold of Matthew's wrist. But he let go as Matthew cried out. "There! It is them." Matthew hurried toward the corner of his burning home, around which, Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch - shotgun in hand - came into view.

 As soon as she saw him, the chubby maid, rushed to him, wrapping him in her arms.
 "Oh, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew! Thank Heaven, you’re all right!" she exclaimed, each word uttered between the kisses she plastered upon his face and forehead. 
 Matthew felt his cheeks burning, embarrassed by Miss Nuttle's treating him like a baby in front of Bax, who had caught up to him. "I'm fine," Matthew assured her as he tried to wriggle free of her embrace. Good Lord, but she was strong. He managed to extricate himself just as Mr. Finch made the reunion complete.
 "We were beginning to fear the worst," said the butler. 
 "What happened?" Bax asked.
 Miss Nuttle shook her fist and said, "It was that vile Mr. Dardy. Just after you left, he showed up with half a dozen ruffians and demanded Matthew and the package, apparently the one you went to retrieve." 
 Mr. Finch placed a hand on her shoulder, calming her, and said to Bax, "When they realized that Matthew wasn't here they…”
 "…torched the place," Bax said. The cowboy glared into the flaming ruin of the house and Matthew saw the fire reflected in his eyes - or was it a fire behind his eyes?
 A stout breeze swept over them, washed against the fire, driving the flames back ever-so-briefly, ever-so-slightly. But even so, as the flames retreated, the creatures advanced, swooping at the four of them; at Matthew, and the egg in particular.
 "Look out," he cried. He dropped down to his knees, huddling over the egg, fighting the urge to abandon it to the terrible creatures. He heard the thunderous chorus of Bax's famed six-shooters, Mani and Sol, accompanied by Finch's shotgun.
 Still crouched, Matthew turned his head to see what was happening and almost leaped from his skin as one of the scaly things fell dead just inches from his face. He scuttled back, though it was obvious that the creature was dead.
 Then, just as suddenly as it had sprung up, the wind died down, and the flames rose high once more. Again, the monsters drew back, resuming their menacing circuit of the scene from a distance. 
 Matthew stood up and kicked lightly at the creature, watchful for any sign of life left in it. 
 "Be careful, Matthew," Miss Nuttle said as she rushed to his side. 
 "It's alright," he assured her. "It's dead."
 She did not look convinced. "What are those things?"
 "A little somethin' we ran into at the Brewer place," Bax said.
 "They killed him," Matthew added.
 "Good Heavens," said Mr. Finch with a shake his head. Miss Nuttle made the Sign of the Cross.
 "They're after this," Matthew said. The others watched as he removed the giant egg from the folds of Bax’s buckskin jacket.
 "Sakes alive, Matthew. Is that… is that an egg?" Miss Nuttle asked.
 The swirl of creatures, upon seeing the exposed egg, wailed viciously, though none of them ventured into the light. Still, neither Matthew nor the adults took their eyes from the beasts for several heartbeats. Finally, when it was clear that the creatures could not endure the firelight enough to come any closer, Matthew and the grown-ups diverted some of their attention to the matter of the mysterious egg.
 "We think it's an ostrich egg," Matthew said, with a glance at the cowboy for confirmation.
 Mr. Finch shook his head. "I don't understand." 
 Miss Nuttle reached out and touched the egg. "Didn't the letter Matthew read in the library say something about instructions being in the crate?" 
 "That it did," Bax said. "but the little man and I ain't had half a minute to read 'em." As he spoke, Bax produced the envelope from its hiding place in his boot.
 As Bax opened the letter, Matthew observed at once, and with a lightning bolt of panic that… "It's blank!" His thoughts raced like the maddening swirl of the creatures around them. The instructions from his parents must still be in the crate… which meant that the fates of his parents and grandfather were sealed. Like the whole of old man Brewer's barn, everything in it, including the crate and instructions had probably burned to the ground by now.
 "What's ailin' you now, pard? I'd have thought for sure and for certain you'd be jumpin' for joy about this," Bax said with a wave of the blank letter.
 "A blank piece of paper? Now we have no way to know what this egg is about and, worst of all, how to find my family. I'm supposed to jump for joy over that?" 
 "Never underestimate your ma and pa, little man." Bax beckoned Matthew to follow him. They stepped close to the flaming expanse that had been the front porch, getting as close to it as the searing heat would allow.
 Matthew watched as Bax, holding the letter by the corners, extended the paper toward the blaze. As Matthew looked on, his eyes widened. Browning rows began to appear on the paper; faintly at first, but then very distinctly. Writing!
 Matthew recognized his father's bold script. "It's like… like magic," he said quietly.
 "I reckon it would seem so," Bax said. "Fact is, it's an old trick, handy for sending messages you don’t want read by prying eyes.  It’s very effective since most folks never think to look beyond the obvious."
 Matthew nodded. He was still admiring his parent's cleverness when he realized that Bax was angling the letter toward the flames, reading it to himself.
 "What does it say?" Matthew asked when the cowboy finished.
 Bax folded the letter, returned it to the envelope, and stuffed into a pocket on his vest. By the orange glow of the fire, his face looked grim. "I know where we have to go in order to save your parents and grandfather," he said.
 For a moment, Matthew wondered if the cowboy had misspoken. "We?" he ventured.
 "We," replied Bax.  Matthew smiled, but Bax did not.
 "By we, I presume you mean we adults," said Mr. Finch. 
 Matthew's heart sank; of course the butler was right. Nobody wanted a kid around when there was danger to be faced. 
 He was pleasantly shocked when Bax shook his head and said, "Just me and the boy. 
 Miss Nuttle puffed herself up protectively and placed an arm around Matthew's shoulders. It was clear to Matthew that she was about to take issue with Bax. 
 "I'm sure I'll be safe enough with Bax," he said in an effort to cut her off. But the housekeeper was not so easily dissuaded. 
 "And where,” she demanded, "is it that you intend to take a nine year…"
 "Ten," Matthew blurted reflexively.
 Miss Nuttle arched her brow at him. "And where is it you intend to take a nine year old boy?" 
 After a pause, Bax said, "Death Valley."
 Matthew blinked uneasily. A place called Death Valley wasn't exactly the first place he might have chosen.
 Mr. Finch, who had been keeping an eye on the circling flock of monsters said. "Are you out of your mind? Mr. and Mrs. Graham would not allow you to take Matthew so far away and to such a place. Besides, such a journey is too dangerous for far too many reasons."
 "That's right," Miss Nuttle's added. "Taking Matthew with you is out of the question."
  Bax looked from one to the other. "Too dangerous? More dangerous than staying here?" he said with a sweep of his hand that took in the creatures and the burning house. "Somethin' tells me that this night is just the beginning… that things will only get worse, more dangerous. And that's sayin' something considerin' the nature of our immediate predicament."
 Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch seemed to reach an agreement without having spoken a word. "Very well," Finch said to Bax. "But if anything should…"
 Bax smiled. "Easy there hoss; ain't a thing going to get to the little man that don't go through me first. And that's a promise."
 Matthew realized that all eyes were on him. "Umm, and uh, at least this way, you'll know exactly where I am."
"And what do you propose that Mr. Finch and I do if we aren't to go with the two of you?" Miss Nuttle asked grudgingly.
 Bax seemed to consider the options before saying, "Take a trip; go somewhere away from Holly, preferably someplace where trouble won't know where to look for you."
 Mr. Finch, shotgun draped over a shoulder, looked very grave to Matthew. “If you, the young master, and that egg are elsewhere, do you really think there will be more trouble here?" 
 "With Matthew and the egg away from here, is there any reason for you to stick around to find out?" Bax asked.
 Miss Nuttle rubbed her plump hands together. "I don't like this half-baked plan, Mr. Fleming. I don't like it one bit."
 Still cradling the massive egg, Matthew adopted as confident an expression as he could muster. "I'll be perfectly safe, Miss Nuttle. I promise." 
 "We both promise," Bax added.
 Mr. Finch said to Bax. "When will you be setting out? The sooner the better I should think."
 "I'd like to get a move on now," Bax said. He looked from the burning house to the circling horde. "But it's going to depend of what those ugly varmints take a mind to do."  He took out his pocket watch and popped the lid open. "It's almost eleven o'clock now," he said. "I reckon we've got no choice but to ride out the night and hope the fire burns bright enough till sun up."
 Miss Nuttle looked around and then settled down on the lawn. "It looks to be a long night. We may as well get some sleep."
 Bax followed her lead and sat down as well, followed by Mr. Finch. "May as well rest your feet, little man," Bax said to Matthew.
 "I'm not tired," Matthew said. And even if he was, he didn't think he could sleep knowing that those scaly monsters were just waiting for a chance to attack.
 Bax gave him a smile. "Tell you what, pard. You and I will take the first watch." Then, leaning close to Matthew, he whispered. "The old folk need their rest more then we do."
“That made sense,” Matthew agreed. He sat down between the cowboy and Miss Nuttle, resting the egg in his lap. "I just realized something," he announced to the group. "This egg must have been sitting in that crate for weeks by now." 
Miss Nuttle nodded. Mr. Finch expressed his interest with a lift of his bushy eyebrows. Bax, however, simply said. "That reminds me. According to what your folks wrote that there ain't an ostrich egg."
 "Don’t be ridiculous," exclaimed Miss Nuttle. "Can you just imagine the size of a chicken that could lay such an egg?"
 Matthew looked first at the egg, then at Bax. If it wasn't an ostrich egg… "How big are emu eggs?" he asked.
 Bax tipped his hat further back on his head. "Emu? Can't say I ever heard tell of such a critter."
 "It's big, kind of like an ostrich." Matthew said.
 Miss Nuttle said proudly to Bax. "Nary a day goes by that Matthew doesn't spend time in the family library." 
 Matthew exhaled a long breath and looked at the burning house. "I won't be doing that again.”
 Mr. Finch smiled kindly. "Books can always be replaced, young sir. I would be surprised if, in due time, your parents did not rebuild the house and restock the library; improving both in the process."
 Matthew hoped that Mr. Finch was right. Not so much for a better house and library, but just to have everything back to normal.
 Bax tipped his at Matthew. "Seein' as we're going to be travelin' partners, it's mighty good to know your book learnt, pard; can't abide ridin' trail with a half-wit for company."  With the egg still resting on his lap, Matthew leaned back against the saddle, filled with pride by Bax's compliment. Before he realized it, he was sound asleep.


CHAPTER 6


Something cold and wet nudged Matthew's face. Half asleep, he rolled over, turning his back to the annoyance. Again he was nudged. There was something odd about it. In a flash of awareness, Matthew awoke to find himself face to face with a horse. Rubbing the last of the night from his eyes, Matthew looked around.   
 "Mornin', pard," he heard Bax say. 
  Getting to his feet, Matthew gently pushed the horse away. Undisturbed, the animal took a few steps and proceeded to nibble at the lawn. Matthew stretched his arms toward the bright, morning sky, and said to Bax, "You tricked me."
  The cowboy looked mildly offended, but smiled when he said, "Who? Me?"
Just great, Matthew thought, yet another morning person.
"Yes, you," he said as he began looking around for the egg.
 "Weren't no trickery, little man. You were plum tuckered. We all were."
 As he stood there looking for the egg, it dawned on Matthew that the flying creatures were gone. "When did those things go away?"
 "Sunup," Bax said.
 Just then, Mr. Finch approached and took the grazing horse by the reins.  "And a good thing too," he said. "The house fire was all but out by then."
 Matthew nodded by way of reply; he still had not found the egg. He felt a growing sense of panic that it might have been stolen by the creatures after all.
 "Is something the matter, young sir?" Mr. Finch asked.
 "The egg. It's gone," Matthew said, his voice edged with alarm.
 Mr. Finch pointed discreetly to Matthew's left. As the butler began leading the horse away, Matthew turned to see Miss Nuttle carrying the egg towards him.
 He hurried over to her, meeting her halfway. "I thought those monsters had gotten it," he exclaimed.
 "They certainly would have liked to," she said, handing him the enormous egg which was still wrapped protectively in Bax's coat. 
 As Matthew took it into his arms, Miss Nuttle said, "It makes a body wonder how such a thing as an egg, even one so large, could be so important. Your mother and father certainly had some reason to have sent it the way they did."
 "Maybe it was just to keep it away from those creatures," said Matthew for that made as much sense as anything he could think of.
 Miss Nuttle looked a bit doubtful. "Maybe so," she said. "But something tells me that it isn't as simple as that."
 After a moment's thought, an exciting possibility occurred to Matthew. "Maybe they want me to hatch it!"
 Miss Nuttle smiled and gently pinched his cheek. "Why that egg doesn't smell to high Heaven I don't know, but I wouldn't crack it open right now, not even for breakfast. Speaking of which, you must be getting hungry right about now."
 "That we all are," said Bax as he and Mr. Finch, with Mr. Brewer's horse in tow, gathered 'round.
 "Well, I already looked, but there's nothing salvageable, much less fit to eat," Miss Nuttle informed them.
 "Just as well," Bax said. "We ought not dally here any longer than need be."
 Matthew cast a hurried look around and hugged the egg more tightly. "Those things aren't coming back, are they? I thought they were afraid of the light."
 "They're gone," Bax said. "But it ain't them that I'm worried about."  
 Mr. Finch steadied the horse while Miss Nuttle climbed up onto the saddle. "You expect trouble from Mr. Dardy?" he asked.
 Bax nodded.
 Matthew couldn't believe it. "We're not afraid of him! Are we?" 
 A bemused expression settled over the cowboy's face. "'Course not, pard," he said with a wink. "Why I suspect you could whoop that rascal if you had a mind to."
  "Oh I do," Matthew said. "I really, really do." However, he wasn't so certain, mind-to or not, that he could whoop a grown-up.
 "Whoa!" he cried as Bax scooped him up and deposited him on the saddle behind Miss Nuttle. "Wait!" he said as he deliberately slid off the other side of the horse and raced toward the smoldering remains of his house. He couldn't just leave, not empty handed. There had to be something… something to remind him of what he’d lost. 
 "Matthew, stay away from there, you'll get burned!" Miss Nuttle called after him. 
 Matthew was surprised to hear Bax saying, "Let him go."
 There were no flames to speak of, mostly just glowing embers smoldering in the hearts of the blackened boards, but there was still plenty of heat. The air about the ruins was oven-hot and pinched at Matthew's cheeks with none of Miss Nuttle's gentleness.

 He stood there on the singed and brittle lawn, looking over the mounds of ash and jutting timbers. He wasn't sure what he was hoping to see in such an unrecognizable mess. 
 He became aware that Bax had come to stand beside him. "It's a hard thing, losin' a home, pard, but it's gonna be alright."
 "I don't think I'm as sad about it as I should be," Matthew said, staring into the ruins. "Is that bad?" 
 Bax patted him lightly on the shoulder. "Ain't no good, bad, right or wrong about such things; no rules to tell a man how to feel, pard."
 Matthew stood regarding the sooty desolation. "Maybe if it looked more like my house…" his words trailed off as something in the ashes caught his eye.
 "Maybe so," Bax agreed.
 Matthew moved forward.
 "Easy now, pard. I don't want to go soundin' like Miss Nuttle, but you're getting a might too close to a whole heap o' hot."
"Look, Bax," Matthew pointed to a heap of ashes about an arm's length into the devastation where what was left of a charred picture frame, still bordering a daguerreotype, protruded from the smoldering ashes. "Do you see it? I think it’s a picture." Without waiting for Bax's reply, Matthew leaned out over the ash and cinders.
 "Careful there, little man. I'll get it for you," Bax said.
 Matthew was confident that, although it was a stretch, he could reach the blackened frame. Too late he realized Bax was right. The prize remained just beyond his extended fingertips. "I've almost got it, Bax," he said as his fingers brushed the hot frame. "Almo…." he slipped, and the bed of ash appeared to leap up at him. His eyes popped wide before he clamped them shut.  He opened them when the inevitable roasting did not occur. His face, however, felt a bit toasty since it was just a hand's width from the hot ashes.  
He heard Miss Nuttle's cry of alarm. "Matthew!" He could tell by the repeated breaks in her voice that she running toward him. "Don't let go of him, Mr. Fleming!"
Matthew realized then that Bax had managed to grab hold him by the back of his shirt.
 "Dang it all, boy! Don't go makin' me look incompetent before I even get you away from home," Bax said as he began drawing Matthew away from the ashes. 
 "Bax, wait," Matthew said before the cowboy pulled him all the way to safety. "I can reach it." He breathed a sigh of relief when Bax ceased drawing him back and Matthew was able to reach the corner of the daguerreotype jutting from the ashes.
 "Careful, it's probably hot," Bax cautioned.
 And it was. Matthew grimaced as the silver plate stung his finger tips. Rather than hold on to it though, he quickly tossed it toward the yard, at which point Bax pulled him to his feet.
 Matthew moved to reclaim the picture but drew up short as Miss Nuttle reached him and once again wrapped him in her smothering embrace. 
“Matthew Graham, I swan, sometimes I believe you want me to have a heart attack.” 
 Matthew was able to turn his head just enough that he was able to see with one eye over the crook in Miss Nuttle's beefy arm. Bax flashed him a sympathetic grin. The cowboy then picked up the daguerreotype and blew the ash from its surface.
 "I'm fine, Miss Nuttle, really," Matthew said as he wriggled free. Miss Nuttle didn't say anything, but Matthew noticed the hard-eyed look she directed at Bax. The cowboy didn't look overly concerned however, and when Matthew reached him, Bax gave him the daguerreotype. The wooden frame, though blackened and brittle, was still intact, and the image, though slightly warped, was undamaged.


CHAPTER 7
 

 "Why are we hiding?" Matthew asked. He was leaning against the livery's wall, beneath the shade of a tall maple tree, cradling the gigantic egg still snuggly secured in Bax's jacket. Matthew still hadn't fathomed why they had walked all the way to town - a trip lengthened to hours since Bax and Mr. Finch had walked the entire way on foot while Matthew and Miss Nuttle had ridden on Mr. Brewer's horse. Matthew rolled his eyes, though not before turning so that Miss Nuttle wouldn't see him and then walked to the corner of the rip-sawed building. From there he could peer out to Main Street. Buckboards and buggies rolled up and down the wide dirt thoroughfare; folks ambled along the boardwalks lining the storefronts. "It's broad daylight," he protested over his shoulder. "If those monsters are afraid of light, then it must to be safe enough now."
Mr. Finch, who had been standing next to the tree to which the horse was tethered, said, "Perhaps; perhaps not. In either case, young sir, it isn't the creatures that worry us at the moment."
Matthew turned from his observation of the town. "You mean Mr. Dardy?"
 Mr. Finch nodded. Matthew groaned and waved a hand dismissively. "We already know we can whoop that chicken, and he knows it too."
Miss Nuttle spoke. "I would agree, Matthew. However, aside from the fact that no one in his right mind could be expected to believe anything about a swarm of flying monsters, we cannot forget that Mr. Dardy has a set of very official-looking papers that remand you into his custody."
"Papers," interjected Mr. Finch, "that no one other than us would have any cause to suspect as forgeries."
"But they are fakes!" Matthew exclaimed.
Miss Nuttle stepped to him and draped an arm around his shoulders. ”Nevertheless, Matthew, with nothing more than our word, Sheriff Bumgardner would still be compelled to honor those papers and let Mr. Dardy take you away." 
Matthew had not really considered any of those points in quite that way. He glanced at the mysterious egg he was holding, and then shifted his gaze back down the length of Main Street. Everything looked perfectly normal but, if nothing was amiss, then what was keeping Bax? "I think something is wrong," he said a bit later. "Bax should be back by now."
"I'm sure Mr. Fleming is quite all right, Matthew." Miss Nuttle spoke with a smile but the less-than-confident glance she shot Mr. Finch did not escape Matthew's notice.
A rustling of the foliage at their backs drew their attention. "I have to admit. It sure does a body good to be fretted over," said Bax, a broad smile hoisting his mustache as he stepped into view. "Especially when there's no cause for frettin'."
"Bax!" Matthew yipped, sounding a bit squeakier than he would have cared to. Almost at once, he noticed the carpetbag Bax was carrying. "What’s that for?" he asked.
"This," Bax said as he opened the empty bag and held it out before Matthew, "is for carrying that there giant crackleberry. Folks would surely notice it, and we don't need the extra attention."
"Good idea," Matthew said as he carefully lowered the egg, and the jacket it was wrapped in, into the bag. He was a little surprised and disappointed when Bax closed the bag and handed it to Miss Nuttle. "I don't mind carrying it," Matthew said. "Honest."
"Of that I'm sure," Bax said, "and you've done a mighty commendable job luggin' it around all morning. Truth is, pard, Miss Nuttle here, will look a might more natural toting that bag than any of the rest of us." He turned to the butler. "Don't you agree, Finch?"
"Indubitably," replied the butler.
"I guess so," Matthew said, trying not to frown. He looked to Miss Nuttle. "But if it gets too heavy, you'll let me carry it for you, won't you?"
"You and nobody else, I promise," she smiled.

***

One forkful after another, Matthew had been shoveling food into his mouth at a grueling pace, scarcely allowing himself time to chew.
"Matthew Alexander Graham!” Miss Nuttle exclaimed. "Slow down and eat in a civilized manner." She shook her head. 
"But I'm hungry," Matthew mumbled around a mouthful of corn.
Miss Nuttle took a sip of her tea. "You're going to make yourself sick," she said.
Matthew looked to Bax, whose own plate had been all but licked clean. Miss Nuttle should have barked at him first, he thought. "But we're in a hurry… aren't we?"
The cowboy glanced at the clock on the café wall. "We've got some time to spare, little man."
Matthew nodded and resumed eating, although at a much more dignified pace. While he ate, he listened as the grownups picked up their conversation.
"So, Bax, you were saying?" asked Mr. Finch.
"Let's see, oh yeah. Well, it was just odd. Like I said, I walked up both sides of the street, stopped at the mercantile and bought the bag, headed over to the depot and bought tickets for me and the boy, even sent a few wires to some friends of mine, and all the while, not once did I hear even the slightest mention of anything out of the ordinary happening last night."
Mr. Finch shook his head. "It stands to reason that no one has learned of poor Mr. Brewer's fate just yet. Even if no one had sighted those flying beasties, I would have expected the glow from the fires to have been noticed for miles around. Somebody should have seen something."
"And in a town as small as this, word would have spread by now," Bax said with a nod.
Miss Nuttle dabbed at her lips with her napkin then said. "It's as though they don't know anything happened at all."
Bax swirled the last of his coffee around in his cup before downing it in one last gulp. "Frankly, I find that hard to believe."
"I don’t understand," Miss Nuttle said. "If people know something happened last night, why wouldn't they say anything about it?"
Matthew wiped the milk mustache from his lip with the back of his sleeve, eliciting a stern look from Miss Nuttle. "Maybe they're afraid." For a moment no one spoke and Matthew could already hear Miss Nuttle's lecture on interrupting people when they were talking. Instead, it was Bax who spoke, and his words were cryptic to say the least.
"It could be that, or it could be something… worse."  

***

On the boardwalk outside the café, they stood together trying their best to look inconspicuous, yet not suspicious. Buggies and buckboards clattered past them as did riders on horseback. 
"We've got twenty minutes," Bax said, "so we'll have to be quick." He paused, then added. "Quick, as in efficient, so don't go lookin' as if you're in a hurry. Just don't dawdle or make small talk with anyone."
As he spoke, Bax produced a roll of banknotes from one of his vest's multitude of pockets. Matthew gawked. He had never seen so much money at one time in all his born days. The roll was as thick as his arm. Sure, Matthew’s family was wealthy but, for the most part, the extent of his monetary exposure was limited to his weekly allowance of five cents. He wondered how it was that a freewheeling cowboy had so much cash on hand so far from the cattle towns of the West.
Bax peeled off several bills and handed them to Miss Nuttle. 
"Gracious me," she exclaimed, without taking the money. "That's too much. Mr. Finch and I have accounts at the bank. We'll…"
"I'd advise against going to the bank, Miss Nuttle," Bax said. "I’d be surprised if the varmints who torched the house weren’t waiting for us to show up at the bank for some much needed cash." 
Miss Nuttle nodded, quickly folded the bills, and tucked them into her apron pocket. Bax then gave several additional bills to Mr. Finch, who stowed them in his shirt pocket. To Matthew's surprise, Bax separated one last bill from the roll and handed it to him. It was a dollar bill! Matthew's eyes were transfixed upon the money.
"Somethin' the matter, pard?" Bax asked.
"Is this for me?"
The cowboy smiled. "Well, I did give it to you, didn't I?"
"The whole dollar is mine?" Matthew asked unable to believe his luck.
"That's the idea, pard."
Matthew nodded, looking again at the small fortune in his hands. A fox-like grin worked its way onto his face. All he could see - he did some quick ciphering - was twenty weeks of chore-free allowance. He was now a man of means. Already, he knew exactly what he would spend his windfall on.
"Matthew, come along," said Miss Nuttle. He looked up and saw that the grown-ups had started down the boardwalk toward Sproal's General Store with Miss Nuttle a few paces behind, waiting for him.
As he fell in at her side, Miss Nuttle said, "We need to buy you some new clothes." Matthew's heart sank. Buying clothes would burn up what little time they had left before the train's departure.
"These clothes are fine," he groaned.
"Nonsense," she said as they hustled along. "You can't go traipsing across the continent with just the clothes on your back like some vagabond."
"I don't mind, really," Matthew pleaded. 
"Well I do, and so would your parents." 
The finality in her tone curtailed any further argument Matthew had hoped to make. Downhearted, he resigned himself to the fact that he wouldn't be spending a penny of his fortune anytime soon. 
  "I'll tell you what," Bax announced when they had regrouped outside the door to Sproal's General Store. "Miss Nuttle, you see to Matthew's clothing. Finch, you tend to the things on this list." As he spoke, Bax handed the butler a folded piece of paper. The cowboy then hitched a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the train depot. "I'll see to the tickets and a few other small details."
 "What about me?" Matthew asked.
 "Why, you're coming with me... unless you'd prefer shopping for clothes that is."
 "Well, no, but..."
 To Bax, Miss Nuttle said with a smile. "I suspect Matthew has his mind set on buying some of those silly dime-novels and story papers."
 "They aren't silly," Matthew chaffed. He hesitated then conceded, "Well, maybe some, but not the ones about my parents' adventures."
  Bax rolled his eyes. "Pard, I wouldn't go puttin' too much stock in those rags. I doubt there's more than a hooter's worth of truth in any of them, just a bunch of tall tales and hokum, if you ask me."
 Matthew frowned, thinking he hadn't asked for anyone's opinions about what he liked to read.
  "I suppose that settles it," Miss Nuttle announced. “Mr. Finch and I will join the two of you at the depot."
 Mr. Finch opened the door for Miss Nuttle. "Kathryn."
 "Arthur," she smiled as she crossed the threshold.
 Bax turned toward the train depot. Mathew lingered, casting a longing look into the general store, before dragging his feet in the cowboy's wake. He drew up short when he realized that Bax had stopped walking and turned to face him.
 "You know, pard, there's nothin' much worse than an itch you can't scratch."
Elated, Matthew turned and darted through the open door, past Miss Nuttle who gave a startled yelp. From behind him, Matthew barely registered Bax calling out. "Just be quick."

***


 Islands of baggage dotted the expanse of the train depot platform which was crowded with people waiting for the train. Even though he couldn't yet see it, Matthew could hear the distant whistle of the approaching locomotive. He stood between Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle. At their feet were several new carpetbags stuffed with their hastily bought provisions. Miss Nuttle still held the bag with the giant egg in it but, for the time being, Matthew wasn't overly concerned; he was holding half a dozen dime novels that he could hardly wait to read.
 He looked to the stationhouse. Bax had entered it as soon as they had reached the depot and had been in there several minutes by Matthew's estimation - far longer than necessary to buy two train tickets.
 The train's shrill whistle blasted again. Above the treetops, beyond the bend in the track, Matthew could now see the plume of black smoke that revealed the train's location. It would arrive any minute now.
  Matthew looked back to the stationhouse just as Bax emerged from it. As the cowboy rejoined them, he handed Matthew one of the two tickets he'd purchased.  
 "You about ready, little man?"
 "Am I ever," Matthew exclaimed as the train chugged into view at long last.
 "Twelve sharp," Bax said, with a nod toward the clock tower atop the stationhouse. He turned to Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle. "Are you sure the two of you will be alright? Even with the boy and the egg out of town, it may not be safe."
 Mr. Finch inclined his head with a sage smile on his face. "We'll be quite fine. Kathryn has relatives in Fenton. And besides, we may be able to learn something about this mystery by looking into matters here."
 Matthew watched as Bax conceded with a tip of his wide-brimmed hat. 
 The train chuffed to a stop along side the platform, belching steam in the process. The conductor swung down from the forward car and, in moments, the new arrivals began disembarking. 
 Miss Nuttle placed a hand on Matthew's shoulder and drew him closer to her as the platform filled with more people. "Stay out of the way, Matthew," she said as a portly man with a bushy mustache and a derby hat nearly stumbled into them. "Some of these clods would just as soon trample you as not."
 The man snorted disdainfully and continued on his way toward the downtown.
When the inbound crowd had thinned sufficiently, the outbound lot began boarding the train. A porter approached to gather up their luggage, but Bax waved him off saying, "Thank you kindly, but we can manage." The porter moved on to the next pile of luggage, the wheels of his cart squeaking as he went. 
 Bax began to pick up their bags. "How about easing Miss Nuttle's load there, pard?" he said with a wink.
 Matthew returned the wink and then accepted the carpetbag from Miss Nuttle. "Be very careful, Matthew" she advised him pointlessly.
 "I will. I promise," he said as he gingerly stuffed the dime novels in with the egg. He turned and started in Bax's direction when all of a sudden someone took him by the arm and spun him about face. Before he realized what was happening, Miss Nuttle crushed him to her bosom. 
  "You be careful, Matthew. You do whatever Mr. Fleming tells you to do and stay out of trouble."
  Matthew pried himself from her embrace, his face hot and red with embarrassment. "Nothing bad is going to happen," he said hoping to reassure her. "You'll see. We'll be home with Ma and Pa before you know it."
 Tears welled up in Miss Nuttle's eyes and she appeared ready to hug him again. Thankfully, Mr. Finch intervened.
 "Of that I agree, young sir," he said as he extended his hand. Matthew set the carpetbag down and shook the butler's hand. "I'll be careful," Matthew said to the both of them. "You be careful, too."
  "All aboard!" the conductor called at the top of his lungs. The blast of the train whistle followed.
 "Time to go," Bax said.
 Hefting the bag holding the egg, Matthew hurried after the cowboy, waving to his old friends as he went. They waved back though Miss Nuttle was crying again. Mr. Finch had placed a comforting arm around her shoulders.
  The conductor took their tickets, and Matthew boarded the train with Bax. He followed the cowboy down the center aisle the entire length of the car, squeezing through the growing congestion of passengers and baggage, past the seasonably unlit woodstove situated mid-car.  When they reached the end of the car, Bax appropriated enough room for the two of them to sit down at the end of a wooden bench. 
 "We'll stow our belongings in a minute," Bax said as he placed their bags on the sawdust laden floor. Looking uneasily around, Matthew cradled the carpetbag with the egg inside it on his lap.
 The train car was packed with passengers crammed tightly upon benches running along both walls. The floor, covered with a patchy layer of saw dust, felt sticky in places where men had made no effort to use the spittoons arrayed among them.
 Matthew had ridden on trains several times before whenever the family had vacationed around the state, so he was more than a little surprised by the state of the car. He tugged at Bax's sleeve. "Bax, what are all these people doing here? What are we doing here?"
 "Pard?"
 "Are the passenger cars full?"
 "Pard, this is a passenger car."
Matthew gave him a doubtful look.
"What else would it be?" Bax asked.
"A livestock car?"
A look of revelation dawned upon the cowboy's mustachioed face. "Ohhh. You've only traveled in Pullman's."
"I guess so," Matthew said, somewhat confused.
"Well," Bax said. "Pullman cars are for those who can pay."
 "And we can't?" Matthew said, recalling the considerable fortune in Bax's possession.
 Bax seemed to weigh his response before saying. "Well, that's not exactly the point, pard. Think about our friend, Mr. Dardy. Do you suppose for a minute that a dandy like that varmint would be caught dead in a car like this?"
 Matthew blinked. "You think Mr. Dardy is on the train?"
 Bax shrugged. "Maybe; maybe not. But even if he himself isn't, I'd surprised if he didn't have some hired hands on the train."
 Matthew glanced anew at the faces of their fellow passengers.
 "Considerin' the nature of last night's events," Bax continued. "I'm of a mind that our leaving town has been suspiciously easy." 
 "What are we going to do?" Matthew wondered aloud.
 Bax smiled broadly, "Enjoy the ride, of course."
Matthew peered through the scuffed glass of the window to find Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle. They were still on the platform near the other end of the car, their expressions a mixture of relief and worry, happiness and sadness as they looked from window to window. 
 The whistle blared again as the train prepared to get underway.
 "Here, watch out, pard," Bax said as he reached past Matthew and opened the window.
 Matthew stuck his head and right arm through the opening. "Miss Nuttle! Mr. Finch! Here I am," he called out to them, waving. Seeing him, they hurried to his window. The whistle blew again, and steam curled across the platform’s planks. The train shuddered as if chomping at the bit to be underway. The adventure was about to begin. Whatever reservations Matthew had felt regarding the railcar's accommodations, the excitement and mystery of what lay ahead cast them aside.
 He tried quickly to think of some profound statement to mark the momentous occasion, but the forlorn look on Miss Nuttle's face promptly dampened his enthusiasm and left him speechless. 
 Mr. Finch stepped closer to the train and reached up, offering his hand. Matthew shook it. "Godspeed, Matthew."
 Matthew felt a sudden lump in his throat. Saying goodbye was making him sad and he realized that a part of him wanted to stay. But his parents needed his help. Just the thought of them bolstered his resolve.
"Everything is going to be all right," he called down. 
 Just then, Bax leaned out of the window beside him. "Don't worry about the boy," he said. "Won't likely be much to happen anyway. And besides," he added, casting a sideling glance and a wink at Matthew, "I'd be more inclined to wonder if the West can handle him."
 The train chuffed once, twice, and began to move.
 Speaking at last, Miss Nuttle said, "You keep us informed, you hear."
 ""I will. I promise to write," Matthew said, even though it was clear that she had spoken to Bax.
 The cowboy smiled. "I'll send a wire when we reach St. Louis," he assured her.
 "You'd better," she called out as Matthew's window neared the end of the platform, "or I'll track you down and hold you accountable, Mr. Fleming!"
  "Please, ma'am, call me Bax already," the cowboy laughed.
 Matthew laughed as well, but unlike Bax, he knew Miss Nuttle wasn't joking.
 The train rolled on, and they waved until the station was out of sight.


CHAPTER 8


Matthew had considered the state of the train car to be nasty and rough when he boarded it, but it had become considerably worse with every passing minute. Now, some three hours down the line, he felt as miserable as he had ever been in his life.
 For the first hour, he had tried to occupy himself by reading one of his dime-novels. He found no escape within the printed pages. He spent the second hour trying to decide what grated on his nerves the most: the hot stuffiness of the train-car, the sheer press of the other passengers upon him, the disheveled man with the thunderous cough across the aisle, or the fat man with a bad case of the farts sitting next to him. 
As bad as all that was however, Matthew decided that the most irksome part of the ride had to be two rowdy brats, “holy terrors” as Miss Nuttle would have called them. The boys, both of whom Matthew guessed to be about his own age, were brothers. The older was named Sid, the younger, Jonas. Everyone in the car knew their names, although there had been no formal introductions of any sort. The names had become commonly known when the brothers had gone at it like wildcats, hissing and kicking, punching and scratching, from one end of the train car to the other and back again.  
 Matthew still had no idea what had sparked the brawl - the initial one anyway - but had since decided that there was likely no reason other than the fact that the boys just seemed to enjoy fighting. Every time the rowdies passed by like a pair of wild windmills, Matthew did his best to shield the egg from the flailing arms and legs. He also had to watch that other passengers were not bumped against the bag. The boys' mother seemed utterly indifferent to their behavior, and while the other passengers hurled looks of disgust at her and her sons, they took no action to put an end to the sporadic rounds of fisticuffs. Apparently they were all seasoned rail travelers, for it seemed that they chalked such behavior as part and parcel to train travel.
 As for Bax, the cowboy had achieved the impossible. He sat propped against the wall of the train, fast asleep, his jacket rolled up to serve as a pillow behind his head, his hat tilted forward over his eyes.
 Matthew vowed to himself that if they were to travel by train in the future, he would insist that Bax pay for more upscale accommodations since, as Matthew saw it, Sid and Jonas were every bit as dangerous as Mr. Dardy.
 The brothers again commenced to brawling. As they buffeted their way toward him, Matthew had feeling they were actually going to pile up on top of him this time. He quickly wedged the carpetbag onto the bench between himself and Bax and braced for impact.
 At the last second, just as the boys were passing Bax, one of the cowboy's booted feet slid out into the aisle. The foremost of the brothers, Jonas, tripped and fell. Matthew caught a glinting wink from under the brim of Bax's hat. To all outward appearances though, Bax was still sound asleep.  Matthew almost laughed out loud. Jonas leapt to his feet. There was fire in the hooligan's beady eyes as he glared first at Bax, then accusingly at Matthew. He seemed about to say something, when he was blindsided by his brother, who apparently had not realized that Jonas had been tripped. 
  As their roughhousing carried them away, Matthew couldn't help himself. Inspired by Bax's lead, he planted his foot squarely upon Sid's backside sending both boys sprawling down the aisle, past the feet of the perturbed passengers. For a moment it looked as though they would slam into the woodstove, and Matthew almost regretted having kicked Sid so hard. It was a fleeting regret, though, for, rather than the stove, the brother's crashed into one of the spittoons. 
 Matthew looked on, feeling a mixture of joy and disgust, as the contents sloshed from the spittoon, covering the boys with a pungent, syrupy, brown coating of spit and tobacco juice.
 Dazed, both boys gaped at one another. A moment later, when realization set in, they began to cry and gag. The passengers applauded the spectacle which only served to make the pests cry all the louder.
  Their mother hurried to their side, but she hesitated upon reaching them, one hand over her mouth as she began to wretch.  
  "Now that," said Bax, sitting up at last, "was as fine a piece of poetical justice as I’ve ever seen."
“I think I’m beginning to like poetry,” Mathew said with a laugh.
 The passengers parted as much as possible to make room for the smelly rowdies and their mother to move back up the aisle to their seats. Between dry-heaves, the brothers glowered at Matthew, retribution clearly on their minds. 
 Just then the compartment door opened and the conductor entered the car. "Parkersville! Twenty minutes for dinner! Parkersville! Twenty minutes for dinner!" He repeated as he made his way to the opposite door and on to the next car. 
A blast of the train's whistle punctuated the announcement, and the conductor withdrew, pulling the door shut behind him. There was a flurry of activity as the passengers readied themselves to disembark.
 Matthew could feel the train beginning to decelerate. "We're stopping to eat?"
 Bax said, “No dining service on this train, pard. We'll be eating at a refreshment saloon."
 "A saloon?" Matthew could scarcely keep the excitement from his voice. He had never been in such a place before. Images of gamblers and dancing girls traipsed through his mind.
 "Easy there, little’ man," Bax said. “Ain’t nothin’ wild and wooly about this manner of saloon except maybe the food.”
Along with the other passengers, Matthew and Bax gave way to the slimy brats as their mother hurried them toward the exit. "How could you make such…" she wretched "…such a mess of yourselves?" 
"It wasn't us," sniveled Jonas. "It was him!" He jabbed a sticky finger at Matthew.
The boys' mother barely looked at Matthew, who shrugged innocently. Her glance shifted to Bax. The cowboy tipped his hat and smiled charmingly, "Ma'am."
The woman shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Boys," she sighed.  
As if that either explained or justified anything, thought Matthew.
"Hurry up!" someone hollered from mid-car. 
"Get a move on," the woman fussed at her sons. "We've got to get you cleaned up before the train starts again." 
"We don't have time, ma. We're hungry," moaned Sid.
In a sharp whisper, his mother said. "We'll either make the time, or we won't eat. You're father would tan your hides if you showed up like this."
"They could use a good tanning," Matthew muttered as the brat family exited the car.
"I heard that," Jonas yelled from outside as he and Sid were hustled away.
Toting the giant egg in its carpetbag, Matthew exited the train with Bax. They crossed the platform ahead of their fellow travelers and entered a door in the side of the depot. Above the door, a sign read Rail-side Café. But, as Matthew learned upon entering, the place was a café in name only. There were no waitress, no menus, no ordering options - just pre-cooked meals arranged upon several narrow tables. 
"Do we just sit anywhere?" he asked. When Bax didn't answer, Matthew turned to find the cowboy just outside the door, looking off down the platform.
Shielding the carpetbag and its precious content, Matthew squeezed past the passengers still pouring into the refreshment saloon. He reached Bax's side and looked to see what it was that had attracted the cowboy's attention. Far down the platform, several wooden crates were being loaded into the boxcar to which the caboose was coupled. From this distance, it looked to Matthew as if each of the crates were emblazoned with a stylized glyph resembling a winged serpent. 
As intriguing as the cargo was, Matthew was too hungry to forget why they had stopped in the first place. He tugged on Bax's sleeve. "Aren't we going eat?" he asked.
"Tell you what, pard. This bein’ such a fine spring day and all, I think we should eat out here. I’ll hold the bag for you, while you go and fetch us our food." 
Matthew handed Bax the carpetbag. "Um, I uh… I spent all my money before we left."
"Strange how that happens, ain’t it? Don’t fret it, little man. The meals are included with the price of the tickets." When Matthew hesitated, Bax smiled, adding, "We've already paid."
As Matthew turned to re-enter the building, he caught sight of Sid and Jonas near the opposite end of the platform. The boys were stripped to their unmentionables, and their mother was fussing at them as she poured a bucket of water on them. Matthew entered the refreshment saloon looking like a mule eating briars.
By the time he returned with the food, the brats, having gotten as clean as they were going to get, met him at the door on their way in. Fortunately, they were very late, and their mother was herding them forward like a cattle drover. The brothers did their best to surreptitiously trip him, but Matthew evaded their clumsy efforts. Jonas leaned close. "Just wait 'til we get back on the train, you little weasel. Sid and I are going to have fun with you."
"Jonas!" snapped the boy's mother. "You want to eat, don't you? Then get inside. You can make friends with that boy later."
 Matthew watched the three of them enter the building before hastening to where Bax stood, still watching the activity near the end of the train. "Those little hellions plannin' on giving you any grief?" the cowboy asked as Matthew set the plates on top of the barrel next to Bax.
 "No," he lied, not wanting Bax to think of him as chicken. Bax gave him a skeptical look. 
 Thinking to change the subject, Matthew pointed to the plates. "We've got chicken, corn and fried potatoes. Let’s eat.”

***


 As they ate, they watched the last of the crates being loaded onto the train. "What do you think is in those crates?" Matthew asked.
 Bax shrugged. "Can't rightly say. I reckon it could be just about anything."
 Matthew finished the last of his food, certain that even if Bax didn't know what was in those crates, the cowboy had a suspicion about the contents.. 
 With the last crate loaded, the porters dispersed. Only two figures remained behind: the conductor and a tall, thin man dressed entirely in black from his shiny shoes to his frock coat to his stovepipe hat. He reminded Matthew of an undertaker. He saw from Bax’s squint-eyed stare that the cowboy was scrutinizing the man, as though trying to recognize him from somewhere. 
 "Do you know him?" Matthew asked.
 "Don't know the man, but I know the type," replied the cowboy.
 "What type is that?" Matthew wondered aloud.
 Bax's reply was almost inaudible. "Trouble," he said. 
 Matthew suddenly realized that the tall man was looking right at them. The man smiled a rather disturbing smile and tipped his hat in their direction. Unsettled by the gesture, Matthew nearly leaped out of his skin when the train whistle punctured the afternoon calm. He stumbled against the barrel-turned-table, causing the plates and utensils to clatter.
 Bax's hand went to Matthew's shoulder, steadying him. He grinned, "No need to get all skittish on me, pard."
 Matthew didn't have time to feel embarrassed. In the brief moment of distraction, the Undertaker Man had vanished. The door to the train car into which the crates had been loaded was shut, and the platform before it was empty of people. 
 "Bax! Where did he go?" 
 Bax surveyed the scene for a moment; intently enough that Matthew knew the cowboy was concerned by the vanishing act. Yet when Bax spoke, he sounded wholly indifferent. "We don't want to miss the train," he said as the whistle blew again. "It's a long walk from here to St. Louis."
 "All aboard!" the conductor called out.
 Matthew picked up the carpet bag. He opened it and checked inside to make certain that the egg was undamaged. If an egg could look comfortable, this one did.  He still found it strange that, after who knew how many weeks by its lonesome, the egg had not begun to smell rotten. Of course, thought Matthew, if it is rotten, and it gets broken, there will be no escaping the stench.  
The whistle shrieked again, and steam chuffed out from around the wheels as the train prepared to get underway. Before boarding, Matthew cast one last look down the platform. He saw no sign of the Undertaker Man and hoped to have seen the last of him.


CHAPTER 9


The daylight sky was peeled away, revealing the star-speckled blackness beyond as the train rolled headlong into the deepening night.
Inside the Zulu cars the wall-mounted bunks had been lowered into position. Narrow and thinly cushioned, they were anything but comfortable. Matthew lay awake, listening to folks toss and turn. When the squirming stopped, he listened to the cacophony of the snoring.
With the bagged egg snuggly between himself and the wall, Matthew rolled onto his belly and peered over the edge of the bunk. Bax lay upon the bench below, his hat covering his face.
A brief spat of whispering drew Matthew's attention to a bunk down and across the aisle: the brat brothers. After Parkersville, Matthew had kept a wary eye on them for the first sign of trouble. Fortunately, no opportunities had presented themselves. He wondered if the promised reprisal was at last forthcoming.
He rolled onto his back again, propping his head and shoulders upon the carpetbag containing the new clothes Miss Nuttle had picked out for him. Moonlight filled the train car with a pale luminescence. Though not enough to discern details by - the passengers and their belongings were but dark shapes – there was enough moonlight to detect movement. Exhausted, Matthew yawned, but he was set in his resolve not to be caught off guard by Sid and Jonas. 
Suddenly, Matthew's head lolled. Realizing that he must have been dozing, he sat bolt upright, only to whack his head on the ceiling. He managed to stifle a yelp and lay back against his luggage, rubbing the pain from his forehead. He looked around and realized that he had done more than nod off. The moonlight which had faintly illuminated the train car interior had at some point waned. Just how much time had passed, Matthew had no idea, but he sensed that morning was still hours away. He listened, but heard only snoring and the rhythmic clatter of the train's wheels. Had Sid and Jonas meant to get him, they had missed the perfect opportunity.
A slight rustling from below his bunk set his heart to racing. He was about to peek over the edge when a cowboy hat rose up before him. It was Bax's hat. The cowboy looked into the bunk, but not before Matthew had closed his eyes to mere slits, feigning sleep. Without a word, Bax moved off down the aisle, toward the rear door of the car.
Where was Bax going? Matthew wondered to himself. The cowboy, moving quietly, quickly vanished into the darkness. Had Matthew not been awake already, he doubted he would have heard Bax at all.
It wasn't until the rear door of the train car opened, allowing a rush of lesser darkness and the clickity-clack of the train to enter as Bax's dark silhouette exited, that Matthew realized he'd been left alone.
Still dressed in the clothes he'd worn that day, he felt about the foot of the bunk for his shoes. Finding them, he donned them as quickly and quietly as possible. Then, with the egg bag in hand, he climbed down from the bunk.
He moved hastily down the aisle, slowing only when he thought he was near Sid and Jonas' bunk. He crept along until he was safely past it. When he reached the rear door, Matthew hesitated, suddenly certain that to open the door would bring unwanted attention upon him. "But nobody noticed, Bax," he reasoned. He opened the door to a swirl of cool, night air and the rhythmic chugging of the train. He hurriedly stepped onto the observation deck and closed the door behind him.
Although the moon no longer graced the sky, there was light between the train-cars, provided by small lamps mounted to either side of each door. Matthew almost wished there had been no light, for he could see the train tracks and the unforgiving ground rushing along in a dizzying blur between the opposing decks.
"What am I doing?" he muttered. "No," he corrected himself. "What is Bax doing?"
Clutching the carpetbag in one hand and the deck railing in the other, Matthew stepped wide, crossing the threshold to the other car. As he reached to open the door, he thought he heard it close, yet it had not been open. He turned to find that he was not alone.
"I told you it was him," said Jonas.
The brat brothers eyed Matthew from the other deck.
"I wonder what the weasel has in the bag, Sid."
"Don’t know, but whatever it is, he must think it's important," replied Sid. “Maybe it’s a rag doll.”
As the brothers jibber-jabbered, thinking they were being witty, Matthew slowly backed up against the door. He reached behind himself with his free hand and grabbed the doorknob. 
"I don’t think he wants to show us, Jonas."
Finally Matthew spoke. "I guess that makes you the family brain, Sid." 
The brothers dropped any pretense of civility. "Get him!" they shouted in unison.
Matthew opened the door, stepped through, and quickly shut it. He found himself in another Zulu car, indistinguishable from the one he had been riding in.
He hurried down the aisle, skirting the cold woodstove, and stumbling over someone's wayward baggage. Behind him, he heard the door open and close as the brothers gave chase.
As he reached the next door, Matthew's ears were rewarded by the sweet sound of his pursuers piling up as they tripped over the baggage in the aisle. Without missing a beat, Matthew exited the car, crossed, and entered the next. He kept going, wondering all the while where Bax had gotten himself to, and hoping, in his effort to avoid a thrashing, that he had not passed the cowboy.
The brothers still had not caught up to him by the time Matthew exited the last passenger car. He doubted, however, that the duo had given up the chase. As Matthew entered the next car, he could sense at once the absence of passengers, for the telltale snores and rustlings were nonexistent. 
Dark masses towered over him in the gloom. He reached out a hand, touched a valise, a trunk, and other such objects. He had entered the first baggage car. 
Not wanting to linger too long, lest the brothers catch up to him, Matthew started toward the far door and then stopped. He was not alone! A match had been extinguished and, though he could not see it in the dark, he could smell the smoke that still hung in the air. 
Bax? he wondered, trying not to panic, hoping he had not stumbled upon a deadhead , or worse, a train robber. He almost dropped the carpetbag when, from out of the gloom, a massive hand covered his mouth and pressed him back against the wall of baggage. The snick of a match being struck accompanied a brief flare of light, as flame blossomed on the match head.
The hand muffled Matthew's scream, which died away as he found himself face to face with the cowboy. Bax pulled his hand away, putting a finger to his lips, signaling Matthew to be quiet.
Wide eyed, Matthew nodded vigorously
 "What are you doing here, little man?" Bax whispered.
 "Looking for you," Matthew replied in kind.
 "Don't worry about me. Just get yourself back to bed. I'll be along directly."
 "But I thought..." Actually, Matthew didn't know what he thought except that to go back meant that he would have to confront the bullies. He tried to think of a reason to stay but came up empty.
 He gained an extra moment when the match petered out, and Bax was forced to strike another. In the new pool of light, Matthew noticed something in the cowboy's other hand. “What are those?” he asked, not particularly caring except that an explanation might delay his departure.
  "A little something I bought in the Holly, just before we left," Bax answered as he tucked the cylindrical objects into one of his vest pockets.
  Matthew looked to Bax's face. "That isn't TNT, is it?"
  "Given recent events, pard, I'd say it's a far sight better. Now..." A muffled clank sounded from the further in the baggage car, and Bax's hand settled over Mani’s ivory grip. Matthew saw now that the car was partitioned.
 Great, Matthew thought, the twins behind and someone ahead; we're surrounded. Bax shook his head, "Stay close." As he spoke, the cowboy inched toward the door. He dropped the match, lit a new one, and handed it to Matthew. 
 Matthew held the match aloft, tightening his grip on the carpetbag handle as Bax opened the door. 
 "Jeezus!" Bax blurted. Matthew almost dropped the match. Before them, filling the door frame was the Undertaker Man! He stood there, dressed as he had been on the train platform, his arms crossed at his chest, and in one hand, a cane. His deeply recessed eyes were shut. He looked as still as a corpse. 
  Matthew exchanged baffled looks with Bax. Just then Matthew yipped as the match burned his finger and thumb. Without thinking, he flicked it away, causing the flame to wink out. Darkness again filled the baggage car.
  Almost at once, Bax struck another match. Matthew took an involuntary step backward for though the Undertaker Man had not moved, his eyes were now wide open. The pale orbs seemed to draw the light from the match and cast it back. Bax cleared leather and pointed Mani at the Undertaker Man’s chest. Matthew felt an immediate chill as the man only smiled, revealing a set of yellowed teeth. 
 "Don't move," Bax warned the man.
 "Bax," Matthew said. "Look." He pointed beyond the Undertaker Man where countless points of red light glinted within the darkness. They could only be one thing -the creatures that had attacked them back home.
"Run!" Bax said.
But Matthew was already gone, making a mad dash for the forward door. His immediate concern was that in the darkness, he would run smack into the door, in which case the creatures would have him. Suddenly the door swung open before him and orange light flooded the baggage car. Sid and Jonas had finally caught up with him, and somewhere along the way, they had acquired a lantern. A shriek went out from the creatures as soon as the light appeared. Their awful cries froze the brothers where they stood just inside the door.
"Get out of the way!" Matthew cried without slowing. Behind him, a double thunderclap echoed through the car as Bax snapped off two shots from his Colt. The gunshots jolted the bullies from their shock-induced stupor. Jonas dropped the lantern as he and his brother turned tail and fled, screaming. The lantern's globe shattered upon impact, and the oil that splashed from the reservoir burst instantly into flame. 
Matthew leaped over the lapping tongues of fire with Bax fast on his heels. On the observation deck, the cowboy slammed the door shut and Matthew crossed to the forward car's deck. He went for the door but it would not open. "Bax, I think it’s locked!"  Panicked, he looked and saw Bax gripping the baggage car doorknob with both hands; it seemed all he could do to keep it from opening.
"Stand aside and look away," he said. 
Matthew did as told and, half a beat later, heard the night-pistol roar. Matthew turned to find a ragged hole where the doorknob had been. He sprang forward, flung the door wide, and then turned to the cowboy.
"Don't wait for me!" Bax said. "I'll be right behind you!" 
Inside the Zulu car, the passengers had been roused by the commotion. Someone had managed to light the lamp above the woodstove. Several men were on their feet, acting as if they were in control of a situation about which they hadn't the slightest understanding.
Grateful for the light, Matthew began threading his way toward the front of the car. He chanced a look over his shoulder. Bax was there, but behind him, through the open door, he saw that the fire had spread. The flames had crawled onto the observation deck and had climbed upward, wreathing the doorframe in a halo of fire. 
The most terrifying thing though, was that, in spite of the brilliance of the fire, the monsters were still coming! Over the screams of the passengers, the shrieks of the monsters and the roar of the indifferent train, Matthew could hear the Undertaker Man calling out strange words. The man's voice seemed to command the creatures, overriding their fear of the light, compelling them, forcing them to action. They poured through the flaming mouth of the baggage car like bees on the warpath. 
"Keep moving!" Bax shouted. 
As the creatures darted into the car, the confusion of the passengers gave way to utter pandemonium. Like a swarm of angry hornets, the monsters were everywhere, biting and clawing at the hapless people. Matthew knew that the forward door was but a few feet away, yet is may well have been a mile as he found himself enveloped in a blur of knees and elbows. He sank to his knees, shielding the egg. How could he get to the door when it was all he could do not to be trampled? At least the passengers were making it harder for the creatures to get to him.
 Suddenly he was rising off the floor! Something had him by the back of his shirt. 
 "Come on, pard," Bax said, sounding surprisingly clear and calm above the din. "This shindig's gettin' a might too rowdy for my tastes."
 On his feet again, Matthew kept close to Bax as he muscled a path to the door. Just as they reached it, they were forced to a sudden stop as one of the flying monsters dropped down to block their escape. Leathery wings kept the beast aloft, eye-level with Bax. As the creature hissed and clamped its jaws, Matthew noted that it was almost twice as large as the creatures in Holly.
The first few snaps of the creature's fangs had been directed at Bax. Then one of the thing's round red eyes pivoted in Matthew's direction. Matthew cringed, but just as suddenly, the monster's eye pivoted again… to the carpetbag he was clutching. 
A shrill screech rang from the monster's throat and was immediately taken up by its brethren. With a mighty flap of its wings, the beast dove at Matthew. Something dark slammed into the monster's head. The creature squeaked once, collapsing to the floor, laid low before it could reach him. The blur, Matthew quickly realized, was Bax's Colt. The cowboy had pistol-whipped the monster. 
"Wow!" Matthew exclaimed as Bax hurried him over the fallen creature and through the open door. "You buffaloed it, just like Wyatt Earp does outlaws in Wichita!"
Without slowing, Bax led them into the next car, the one in which they had been traveling. "Ol' Wyatt," he muttered wistfully as he quickly pulled the door shut.
Matthew couldn't believe it. "You know Wyatt Earp?" 
Bax looked out through the door window. Matthew could see the fluttering of wings and pulled down the blind. "Who do you think taught him that trick?" Bax said with a wink.
"What is going on?" bellowed a deep voice. 
Matthew turned and looked up to see a bear of man looming over him. "Um, um…"
"I asked what is going on?" the man repeated. "What is happening out there?" He started to reach for the doorknob, but was stopped when Bax's hand caught his wrist. "Take your hand off me, cowboy!" the man commanded.
Bax slowly let go, but his eyes were as cold as iron. "Don't open that door."
"Why I'll do as I…"
There was a thwack, and Matthew watched as the man sank slowly to the floor at their feet. Bax had buffaloed him. The other passengers stared at them with fearful looks on their faces. Matthew held up a hand. "It's okay," he said. "Really. We're not train robbers… honest."
 A drum roll of thuds against the rear wall of the car caused Matthew to jump. He saw his reaction mirrored in that of the passengers. 
 "Out of my way," snarled the burly man, getting unsteadily to his feet.
 Bax shrugged, "Suit yourself."
"Bax, you can't let him open the door! Those things will get in!" Matthew said as Bax nudged him further into the car toward their bunk.
 "I doubt it will matter anyway," Bax replied.
 "Then what are we going to do?"
 "We're getting off this train, pronto."
Just then the sound of shattering glass filled the car followed by a cry of alarm from the burly man. Matthew looked back just as the man, in spite of his considerable size, was yanked bodily through the broken window. As soon as the way was clear, one of the creatures rushed into the car, sending the passengers scrambling for any avenue of escape.
 The next thing Matthew knew, he and Bax had reached their bunk. Bax plucked up his carpetbag but as Matthew reached for his own, Bax stopped him. "I'll get it, little man. You just see to that there egg."
 By now, the scene was a repeat of the last passenger car: a boil of people and creatures. Bax had been right. To stay on the train would guarantee disaster, but the prospect of jumping off a moving train was just crazy. Matthew thought to himself, How can I keep from breaking a leg or an arm, much less keep the egg from breaking? Still, he followed the cowboy toward the forward exit.  
 "What about everyone else?" Matthew asked as he and Bax stepped onto the observation deck. 
 "Those flyin’ critters are after us or the egg or both, but in either case, I figure once we're gone, they’ll lose interest in the folks on the train." He paused, and then pointed to the wall-mounted ladder near the door. "Let's get to higher ground and see how we're going to get off this thing."
 They scaled the ladder, Matthew half-expecting the monsters to be up there waiting for them. Once on the roof though, they found themselves alone. Matthew coughed in the thick black smoke streaming from the engine's stack. Bax drew him down until he was almost flat on his stomach, clear of most of the smoke. Looking back along the train, Matthew could see the creatures swarming about the end of the car.  Beyond the chittering tumult of wings and fangs, the next train car was engulfed in a lion-like mane of fire, the light from which seemed only to drive the monsters into an increased frenzy. It also, so far anyway, seemed to be keeping them focused on getting into the passenger car.
 "There you go," Bax said, tapping Matthew on the shoulder and pointing ahead of the train. 
 Matthew looked but the countryside ahead appeared as nothing more than darkness upon blackness upon more darkness. "What am I looking for?" 
 Bax moved a bit closer so that Matthew could sight down his arm. "A river. See the stars reflecting off the surface?"
 Matthew rubbed another band of smoke from his eyes and looked again. "I see it!" He frowned then. "We're going to jump into a river?"
  "It'll be easy as pie, pard. All we need to do is lay low 'til the train begins crossin' the river, and we jump." After a moment Bax said. "You can swim, right?""
  Matthew nodded. "Of course, I can swim. Who doesn't know how?" He looked questioningly at the cowboy. "You can, can't you?" 
"Like a fish."
Matthew turned his gaze back along the roof. The creatures could be seen by the light of the burning baggage car, darting and weaving below the roof top as they worked their way through the door's broken window. Bax was still talking. "We only have one chance to make our jump, little man. After that, we won't have the luxury of another river to land in before we have to confront those varmints."
  "I think we're already out of time," Matthew said. He pointed toward the back of the car, where the Undertaker Man was climbing into view. Or at least that was what Matthew believed he saw at first. He rubbed his eyes, blinked, and looked more closely. The man had not climbed at all. Instead, he had been lifted by the creatures. 
“Damn,” Bax muttered.
As the Undertaker Man's feet touched down, Bax began to stand up. "What are you doing?" Matthew asked, panicked. 
All he got for an answer was, "Stay put." He did just that as Bax moved toward the Undertaker Man. The cowboy's hands hung close to his Colts. 
 The Undertaker Man saw Bax coming and smiled wickedly. He waved with a broad sweep of his cane, and the smoke from the stack parted around them as though commanded. "Ah, I thought I recognized you in Parkersville. The famous Baxter Fleming, the Miracle Marksman. This is indeed, an honor." He bowed deeply, holding his stovepipe hat in place as he did so. When he straightened, the reptilian smile faded away. "Even so, that is quite close enough." 
  Matthew's spirits rose a bit, for it seemed that even with monsters at his command, the Undertaker Man was afraid of Bax.
  Bax stopped about mid-car. "State your business, mister."
  The creatures, which until then had remained behind the man's back, surged forward. The Undertaker Man raised his cane. He barked a single, strange word. The beasts grudgingly complied, some perching along the edge of the roof, others flitting about behind the man, all of them snarling and hissing as they did so. "Forgive them. They haven't eaten today, and they tend to become unruly when they're hungry."
  Matthew observed Bax's right hand move ever so slightly closer to his pistol. "Maybe you should look into wolverines; I hear they're right cuddly."
 In spite of himself, Matthew laughed out loud, quickly slapping a hand over his mouth.
 The Undertaker Man's face frosted over, and he gave Matthew a sinister look. "They'll eat soon enough," he sneered. Matthew swallowed a lump in his throat. 
  Bax sidestepped, blocking Matthew from the man's view. "Enough jawin'; state your business."
  "You have something that belongs to my employer. Give it to me, and neither of you will come to any harm."
  With his left hand, Bax scratched his jaw. It was a casual act, but there was nothing casual in the set of the cowboy's shoulders or the proximity of his right hand to his pistol. "Now see, if that was your attempt at bein’ reasonable I’ve got a bad feelin’ how this is gonna play out for you, because I don't take kindly to being called a thief, and I sure as blazes like being threatened."
 The Undertaker Man placed a hand over his heart. "Bravo, Mr. Fleming, bravo; spoken like a true, dime-novel hero."
"He doesn't like dime-novels, Mister!" Matthew chimed in. 
The Undertaker Man shrugged knowingly, "A bunch of nonsensical tripe, to be sure, eh, Mr. Fleming?"  He then looked to Matthew. "Nevertheless, even such stories as those contain a kernel of truth." His cadaverous features grew even more menacing as he added. "You had better hope for your sake, young man, that your cowboy friend is all he's cracked up to be and then some."
Matthew unconsciously inched backward. Something in the man's tone sounded far too confident. The threat that the monsters represented was one thing, but the Undertaker Man spoke as though he had an ace up his sleeve, something neither Matthew nor Bax knew.  Matthew cast a look ahead of the train. How far was it to the river?
 Bax drew Mani then, though he kept the night pistol pointed downward. "That's enough lip flappin' from you.  I don't know what it is you think we have, but you can tell your boss man to look elsewhere." He raised the pistol, aiming at the Undertaker Man. "I'm only going to say this once, and I'm not askin' you, I'm tellin' you. I don't care where you go, or how you get there, but you go and go now. I don't want to see hide nor hair of you and your little pets ever again. If I do, you won't live to regret it. Savvy?"  
The Undertaker Man sighed dramatically. "Were it so simple, Mr. Fleming. Unfortunately, while I would prefer to go elsewhere, the stryvog, my pets, feel differently. While they may obey me, I do not truly command them. They are driven, instinctively drawn by the very object you claim ignorance of. And while you may hope to bluff me, you cannot lie to the stryvog."
Bax pulled back the Colt's hammer. "In other words, there's only one possible outcome here?"
"Correct."
"Wrong," Bax said. His hand was a blur as he squeezed the trigger.
The Undertaker Man staggered backward, a dark splotch blossoming on his left shoulder; a look of dismay on his face. His cane fell from his hand as he tumbled into the gap between the train car roofs.
All at once the, stryvog surged forward. Matthew enveloped the carpet bag. It was all he could do not to leap from the train, river or no river.
 A sharp hiss and a loud sizzle caused him to look up. To his amazement the night had been flung aside, replaced by hard white light. The stryvog bolted like startled cockroaches, fleeing the light and screaming with rage as they scattered. 
Bax had not moved from the center of the roof. His Colt was snug in its holster, but in his upraised hand, he held a burning flare. That was what he'd bought back in Holly! Their fear of the white-hot brilliance of the flare was more than the stryvog to endure; more than even the Undertaker Man could force them to ignore. 
With instantaneous relief, Matthew stood up and started toward Bax. All of a sudden, something had hold of his ankle, tripping him. "Bax!" he cried as he fell. He managed to twist himself, landing on his side while cushioning the egg in his arms. As a result, however, he could not soften his own fall. He hit the roof hard, his head striking with a jaw-rattling thunk.  He realized that he was being pulled toward the edge of the roof. He looked, his vision doubled - both images weaving in and out of one another - to find that four, no two, of the stryvog had sneaked up on him from behind.
As the precipice loomed ever closer, Matthew kicked at the creatures. They gnashed their fangs as they pulled him their way. One of them screeched as Matthew's foot plowed into its nose. It let go, only to tumble out of sight, leaving its brother to finish the job. 
Where was Bax? Matthew panicked as his feet were pulled over the edge. He freed one hand, scrabbling at the rooftop, but found nothing to grab hold of. "Bax!"
A flash of light crackled past his head! He caught a glimpse of the flare striking the stryvog in the face. The monster wailed in agony as it too fell away from the train.
 "That was too close," Matthew gasped as Bax pulled him to safety.
 The cowboy plopped down next to him. "Tell me about it." He looked to Matthew's forehead. "Looks like you got yourself quite a goose egg. You all right?"
 Matthew reached up and felt a tender knot above his right eye, just below the hair line. "Ouch! I guess so, considering how it almost turned out." 
 Bax nodded, getting to his feet. He looked into the night ahead of the train. Drawing one of his Colts, he moved to the end of the roof. Matthew joined him, and together they peered down between the cars.
 "Where is he?" Matthew asked nervously. Surely the Undertaker Man had landed on one of the observation decks, and just as surely he should still be there, considering that dead people weren't known for fleeing. 
  Bax pointed to a trail of blood, barely visible on the next car's deck. "I reckon he's crawled off to lick his wounds."
  "But I thought you killed him." Matthew could tell by the sudden look on Bax's face that he had disappointed the man.
  "Pard, not counting the war, I've never killed anyone in my life, and I don't intend to,” Bax said, turning back toward the front of the roof. "Let's get our things together. Speaking of which, how's that egg holdin' up?"
  As they walked through the roiling smoke, Matthew opened the carpet bag. The egg appeared none the worse for wear. "It must be made of iron," he said.
 "I’m inclined to believe so," Bax replied. "Lucky for us it doesn't weigh as if it were."
 As they gathered their bags, Matthew asked, "Do we still have to jump?" 
 "We do.  Even if that rascal is out of commission, those stryvog things sure aren't."
 Matthew nodded. His heart began to beat faster at the idea of jumping off the train. He stood clutching the egg's carpetbag, fighting back a growing sense of panic. He noticed a shift in Bax's stance and knew that it was almost time. He felt his breathing speed up, coming in shorter and shorter breaths. I don't think I can do it, he thought to himself. I've got to think of someway to change Bax's mind. But wha…
  "Ahhhhhh!" he screamed as he found himself hurtling through the darkness. Bax had pulled him off the train! "Ahhhhhh!" 
Splash! 
He had not even seen the river when he was plunged deep beneath the surface. Water rushed into his mouth, choking off his scream. He could feel the bubbled rush of water swirl around him, and he scrabbled against it, fighting to reach the surface.
 It wasn't until he got his head above water, gasping and sputtering for air that he realized he had let go of the carpetbag. Treading, he wiped the water from his eyes and looked around. There was only the faintest sheen of starlight upon the river. Almost at once, he saw the cowboy treading water close by. "Bax! I dropped the egg!"
  Bax simply pointed to Matthew's left. "I believe that's it over there. Hard as iron, but it floats like a cork."
  With all the bags accounted for, Matthew and Bax swam to shore. They crawled up onto the bank, depositing their belongings on the grassy slope. Bax poured water from his Stetson, muttering something about the quickest way to ruin a fine hat. 
 Matthew stood, dripping, looking across the river. The baggage car and possibly more was still burning, making the locomotive easy to see. "I think the train is stopping," he said.
 Bax looked for himself. "It took 'em long enough to realize they were on fire."
 "What about the stryvog? Where do you think they got to?" 
"I suspect they're not too far from the train, but now that it's stopped, it won't take them long to realize we've skedaddled."  
  Matthew nodded. He hoped that Bax was right about the monsters. If he was wrong, and they were caught out here in the open, there was little chance they would escape again. "I guess that means we need to keep moving?"
 "We'll follow the river south," Bax explained. "There's bound to be a town or a farm somewhere along the way. That's where we'll get our bearings."
 Matthew checked the egg for damage.  It looked fine, although without much light to see by he couldn't be absolutely certain. He considered asking Bax to use one of his flares, but quickly discarded the idea when it occurred to him that, even though the stryvog feared the light, the flare would give away their location. 
  Bax, hefted the rest of their bags. "God-a-mighty, these rascals are three times as heavy when they're wet."
 "Do you want me to carry one?" Matthew asked.
 "That there egg is all you need concern yourself with, little man. You're doin' a fine job. Besides, I've lugged more than this for less reason." 
                   


CHAPTER 10


After walking for what felt like an eternity, the egg began to feel as though it were getting heavier and heavier. Matthew switched the carpetbag from his aching right hand to his rested left. Bax walked alongside him, carrying the other two bags which contained the entirety of their belongings. Matthew wondered how the cowboy did it without even once looking tired. 
Matthew's wet clothing began to chafe. The sun, though still low in the sky, had begun to rise some while ago, and Matthew wondered if they were ever going to stop to rest and dry themselves out. However, as much as he wanted to say something, the last thing he wanted to do was to complain like some baby. He was beginning to think that Bax intended to walk non-stop all the way to St. Louis, which Matthew knew had to be thousands, if not millions, of miles away.
Wait a tick! Not that it would do them any good now, but what about Bax’s horse? Mathew thought.  He asked, "Where is Turquoise Bill?"
"Beg your pardon?" Bax said without stopping.
"I was just thinking that it would be nice having a horse right about now," Matthew admitted, hoping that Bax might take the hint that they were in need of a rest. 
Bax grinned. “We’ll be hookin’ up with Ol’ Turq before too awful long, which is a good thing considerin’ that he’s likely wearin’ out his welcome,  pesterin’ the beejeezus out of friend and foe alike."  
They walked on for a time, each step requiring more effort then the last, and Matthew, as much as the idea pained him, was on the verge of complaining like a baby. He was about to speak when he noticed Bax looking east. The cowboy nodded toward the sun. "I reckon she's risen enough to be of some use by now," he said. "See that fallen tree up ahead?" he asked with a lift of his chin. "We'll pitch camp there for a spell."
Matthew tried not to appear too relieved. "Sure, if you really need to stop." 
Bax gave him a humorous look. "Well, these bags aren't gettin' any lighter, and I don't know about you but my wet duds are rubbin' me all manner of wrong."
Relieved, Matthew let his shoulders sag. He exhaled a long, weary breath. "Meeee too," he confessed.
Over time, the river had undercut the bank beneath the giant oak causing the tree to topple. The massive tangle of roots pointed away from the river, like a giant hand clawing its way from the flowing water. While the roots could no longer serve the tree, they proved ideally suited for hanging wet clothes to dry.
Fortunately, not everything had gotten soaked, and Matthew and Bax each managed to dig a pair of reasonably dry longjohns from the baggage to wear while the sun worked on the rest. From one of the carpetbags, Bax laid out several cans of beans, two tin plates, and two forks. "Hope you don't mind cold beans," he said as he opened one of the cans. "My matches are still wet."
Matthew wasn't wild about beans, hot or cold, but he was too hungry to care. "Beans sound fine," he said. 
As if struck by lightning, Matthew stood stock straight. "Oh,no!" 
"What?" Bax asked.
But Matthew wasn't listening. He hurried over to his own bag and began to frantically rummage through it. Finally he simply turned the bag upside down, spilling everything out on the grass.
"Pard, what's the matter?"
 "The daguerreotype!" Matthew exclaimed, just as his eyes came across it. He snatched it up, breathing a sigh of relief. "It's dry," he said. "I thought for a minute that it might have gotten ruined. It's the only thing left from home. It's all I have left of…"
Bax smiled understandingly and patted him on the shoulder. "Pard, don't even go thinkin' down that trail. Your folks are fine. We can be certain of that much. You have my word that when this little excursion of ours plays out, you and your folks'll have plenty more time to take all the pictures you want."   
Bax took the black-edged picture and held it up before Matthew. "What you see here," he said, "is the last picture of the past and the first picture of the future." 
Bax handed the picture back to him, and Matthew looked once more at it before setting it safely aside. 
"Now then," the cowboy said, "since beans don’t get better with age, let's eat."

***

 Bax sat in the sun-warmed grass with his back against the tree, while Matthew perched atop the fallen forest giant and picked at his cold breakfast from on high. As hungry as he was, he found that beans were still beans, and he wasn't quite that hungry… yet.
"If Ma, or Pa, or Grandpa Milo told me I must have forgotten. I don’t remember ever learning how Turquoise Bill got his name," Matthew said. 
  "Well, you see, when ol' Turq was just a colt, he got mule-kicked upside the head. His left eye swelled shut - got as big as my fist. When the swellin' went down and he was able to open it again, it had turned from brown to the prettiest shade of turquoise this side of Arizona territory. Dangdest thing I ever saw."
 "Wow! He has a blue eye?"
 "One brown, one blue." 
“Which brings us to the second part of his name. Bill."
"I bet you named Bill after Wild Bill?"
"Nope. But I did name him after someone I knew. Bill Jamison. Quirkiest varmint I ever crossed paths with."
"You mean Turq acts like your friend?"
"Quirky Bill Jamison wasn't exactly a friend, but that's another story or twelve. But yep, Ol' Turq and ol' Bill are two of a kind. In fact, if one weren't a man and the other a horse, I'd swear they were born twins. Of course, I'm still not entirely convinced they aren't," he said with a wink.
 After a pause Matthew asked. "So what does that have to do with meeting him?"
 "Ol' Turq.... Let's see, how do I put this? He's a mite unpredictable. I think it was the mule kick that addled him permanent-like. Don't get me wrong though. I wouldn't trade Turq for any other horse either side of the Mississip'. It's just that… well, I'll introduce you, but don't take it personal if he doesn't take to you at first... or ever. Of course, he may take to you right off. Then again, he may just take to one of his notions."
  "What are those?"
 For a moment Bax seemed to whittle down a list of things. "I reckon he's given to two or three more than others. Sometimes he thinks he's a chicken. He gets right out there with 'em, scratchin' and peckin' at the ground."
 Mathew laughed. He wasn’t sure if Bax wasn’t just spinning a yarn, but he liked the story and so didn’t question its authenticity.
 Bax continued. “Other times, he wallows in the mud like a pig. He surely does love a good mud bath."
 Matthew laughed all the harder. 
 Undeterred, Bax told of Turq's most frequent notion. "But most of the time, he acts like a dog."
 Matthew, having laughed so hard his eyes were watering, rubbed the tears away. "You mean he barks?"
 Bax raised his brows as though he hadn't thought of that before "Oddly enough, no. But he does love to chase his tail." As he spoke, Bax twirled a finger in a circular motion. "Runs himself in a circle 'til he can't stand up, staggerin' around like he's been hittin' the jug; then he just plops down on his rear end, lookin' all wobbly-eyed." 
  Matthew laughed until he fell off the tree. He saw Bax's face appear over it looking down at him. "You all right, pard?"
  Matthew just laughed. When he finally managed to catch his breath, he sat up. "You just made that up, didn't you? I know Turquoise Bill is like that in the dime-novels, but I always thought Irving Cooper was just trying to be funny." 
 The cowboy gave him an innocent look. "Pard, I'd never lie to you about my horse." 
Matthew was pretty sure Bax was kidding, but he hoped he wasn't.  
"If you say so," he said, climbing back up onto the tree to where his plate of beans sat waiting for him.  Ignoring the beans he said. "Where is Turq now?"
 “I stabled him in Wichita.”
As Bax scooped up the last of his beans, he said. "I hadn't reckoned we'd be eatin' from our provisions quite so soon. We'll have to buy more when we get the chance."
Bax’s gaze drifted to Matthew’s plate of untouched beans. The cowboy looked ready to comment, but before he could, Matthew shoveled two heaping scoops of the beans into his mouth. His cheeks fairly bulged, and he felt like a chipmunk. Bax eyed him with an arched brow, but then moved off to see how well their goods were drying.
As soon as Bax had his back to him, Matthew spit the beans out on the other side of the fallen tree; the beans on his plate quickly followed. He slid from the tree and joined Bax at the river's edge, where the cowboy squatted, washing his plate in the slow flowing water. Bax gave him a curious look. "You made a mighty quick finish of those beans," he remarked as Matthew nonchalantly proceeded to wash his own plate. 
"I always eat beans that way," he lied.
Finished at the river, Bax stood and started back toward camp. "I'm sure some wild critter will be much obliged to you for it." 
When Matthew rejoined Bax and stacked his plate and fork with his, he found the cowboy gingerly leafing through clumped pages of a sopping wet book. He had a sour look on his face.
"Was that a good book?" Matthew asked.
"Was just about sums it up, pard." 
Matthew stepped closer and looked at the waterlogged book. "It'll dry out," he said.
Bax peeled back another page, laying it lightly over on its predecessor. "It will, but if it takes too long it's bound to mildew."
 “And you won’t be able to finish it.”
“Well, it’d be a pity for a good book to get ruined, but as for finishing this particular one, I read it at least half a dozen times already.”
“Is it that good?”
Bax smiled while he continued separating the pages.  “Pard, I wouldn’t read a bad book even once, but I’ll re-read a good book any time I get the chance.  And this one here happens to be one of my favorites.”
Matthew nodded.  “I know what you mean.  I’ve read all of Irving Cooper’s books lots of times.”
“Of course,” said Bax with a light smile and a shake of his head.  “I’ll tell you what. If I can save this here book, I’ll let you read it.”
Matthew’s face lit up.  “What’s it called?” he asked eagerly.
“Frankenstein.”
Matthew’s face sagged.
“What’s wrong?”
“My folks have that book in their library… I mean when they had a library.  I was going to read it once but Ma wouldn’t let me. She said it would give me nightmares.” Matthew then sat a bit straighter, a glimmer of rebellion in his eyes. “But guess what… I read some of it anyway.” 
“Why just some?”
Matthew’s shoulders slumped a trifle. “Because ma was right,” he said, and they both laughed at his confession.

***

White, fluffy clouds dotted the bright late afternoon sky. "I smell rain," Matthew commented as he and Bax climbed a rolling green rise. "Must be my imagination."
 At the top of the hill, Bax halted. "If that's you're imagination, pard, I'd be mighty grateful if you conjured up somethin' else." In the far distance before them, the sky was a blackening mass of agitated clouds that curled and twisted upon themselves. Here and there, the storm clouds sparked with internal lightning.
 Matthew swallowed dryly. "It's pretty far away. Maybe it will go around us."  
 But Bax said what Matthew could already see. "It's headed straight for us, pard." 
 At the bottom of the hill, the river snaked away, curving westward at a relatively right angle.  Farther on, where it appeared that the river cut again to the east, there was a tall stand of trees standing thickly atop a string of low hills, over the tops of which something caught Matthew's eye. "Bax, is that smoke?"
  The cowboy looked. "Chimney smoke," he said, "See how it rises in a thin straight line before the wind catches it?" Matthew nodded. "Someone lives down there."
 "Do you think they'll let us ride out the storm?" Matthew asked hopefully.
 "A pair of handsome devils like us? I don’t see why not."


CHAPTER 11


 The forested hills were farther away than they had first appeared from atop the rise, and it felt to Matthew as though it had taken hours just to reach the outermost fringe of trees. All the while the storm bore down on them. Unlike a thing of flesh and blood, the storm never tired. The air had darkened, and the damp wind became brisk and gusty, delivering plump drops of rain with ever increasing frequency. At any moment the sky would burst at the seams; a deluge seemed imminent. 
 "And we just got dried out," Matthew said as he followed Bax into the company of the trees.
  "We're not wet yet," Bax said. "If I'm right, the smoke we saw came from just over this hill, beyond these trees." 
  They came upon a well-worn trail, along both sides of which tree stumps testified to the presence of people. Deeper into the forest, the reach of the wind was diminished, replaced by the resonant grumblings of thunder.
"That way," Bax said, pointing to the right, where a few hundred feet away, the woods ended abruptly, forming an archway through which the trail disappeared down the other side of the hill. Framed within the leafy arch, the foul sky filled the view.
 A blustery wind greeted them as they reached the tree line. But that was not all. The low hills sloped down to form a shallow valley in which the river they had followed all day merged with a river several times its size. And situated near the fork…  "Bax look! It's a whole town!"  
 Bax smiled into the storm. "Which means a hotel or boarding house, and that means we won't have to impose ourselves on anyone's hospitality, only just to find ourselves holing up in a barn with the livestock."
It wasn't much of a town to be sure. It looked to Matthew to be little more then ten or twelve buildings strung along either side of a wide street, but it was enough, especially if they had come close to sleeping in a barn.  
    "Let's go," said the cowboy.
  It was almost as if the storm had been waiting for them; for no sooner had they stepped from the woods, than the rain washed over them in earnest. Together they started down the trail at a hurried clip.
 "Hell fire!" Bax cursed, to which the storm answered with a hair tingling bolt of lightning.
 "Hey! Are you trying to get us fried?" Matthew bleated. 
 Bax cast him a how was I to know look, then said. "Run!" 
 Matthew had taken no more that a dozen steps downhill when he almost slipped and fell. As he regained his footing, clutching the carpetbag, Bax slid to a stop beside him. The trail had become a mud slick. "I don't know what I'm going to break first, my neck or the egg," Matthew said.
 Bax looked toward the buildings lining the town's only thoroughfare. "Let's cut across that back lot. We'll come up between buildings." 
 Matthew nodded. It would be quicker than entering the town by following the trail to the end of the main street. 
 Negotiating the deepest puddles and the flooded wagon wheel ruts, they quickly reached the back of the nearest buildings. Matthew followed Bax as the cowboy led the way between two of them and onto the boardwalk along the main street.
 "Which way now?" Matthew shouted over an ear-popping clap of thunder. 
 Beneath the dripping brim of his hat, Bax's eyes surveyed the street, his expression darkening to match the weather. "What sort of town is this?" He griped. "I don't see a hotel anyw...."
 "They say turkeys will stand out in the rain looking up 'til they drown. So, are you boys a couple of turkeys, or are you just acting like it?"
 Matthew and Bax wheeled around to see a woman standing on the boardwalk out of the rain, beneath the building's street front balcony. Holding a collapsed parasol like a walking stick, she wore a dark blue serge traveling dress. Her long hair, pulled back beneath a lively afternoon hat, was black as coal and lustrous, even in the grayness of the day. Her eyes, like her hair, were dark brown, almost black, darker than any Matthew had ever seen. They gleamed in the light which they seemed to draw from the nearby window. She was the prettiest lady Matthew had ever seen, next to his mother, of course.
 "If you're looking for the hotel..." She pointed back over her shoulder to the large, plate-glass window behind her. Painted in red and white letters were the words. The Riverton Grand Hotel, "...you can't miss it." The last bit was spoken while looking at Bax. Matthew caught a humorous glint in the woman's dark eyes before she turned and entered the hotel.
 "Oh, I get it! ‘You can't miss it’, because we're standing right in front of it." Matthew said. "That's pretty funny."
 "Oh yeah, she's a real hoot," Bax said with a shake of his head. "Why do I get the feeling this is the only hotel in town?"
They entered the hotel, water dripping from them to pool at their feel. The desk clerk eyed them from head to toe, his gaze lingering at the growing puddles.  Matthew followed closely as Bax crossed the lobby to the desk. ""We need a room," said the cowboy. 
  The desk clerk slid the registry toward Bax, who set his burden of carpetbags on the floor. "Sign in," he said. 
 Bax took up the pen, dipped it into the inkwell and, to Matthew's surprise, entered their names as J. Semkow and son. Matthew glanced up and caught a subtle wink from the cowboy.
 The clerk handed Bax a key, glanced at the register and asked, "How long would you like the room for, Mr. Semkow?"
 "'Til tomorrow, that day after at most. Oh, and I'll need you to send up two tubs and hot water for both."
 "That'll be one dollar," the clerk informed him.
 Bax dug out his billfold, and Matthew saw him grimace at finding the money wet. The clerk looked less than pleased, but accepted the payment, laying the bills out flat on the back counter to dry. He tendered Bax his change saying, "Sorry it isn't wet. We're a little behind on the current fads."
  Bax gave the man a mirthless smile. "Which room?"
 "206, the second floor, very last room on the left." 
  As Bax gathered up the bags, the clerk said. "You're lucky. That was the last available room, what with the circus in town."
  Matthew felt his face light up. "The circus?"
 "The M & H Circus," the clerk said proudly. But then his expression sobered. ”Unfortunately, their last engagement was this afternoon. They shut down early, what with the storm and all."
  "Oh," Matthew muttered.  
  He saw Bax scowl at the clerk. "Let's get settled in, pard," he said and headed for the stairway.
  As they reached the bottom of the stairs, the clerk called out to them, sounding somewhat apologetic. "The circus may be over, but you should have no trouble meeting the circus folk. They're all staying here, until tomorrow anyway."
  It was with a renewed spring in his step that Matthew followed Bax up the stairs. He looked at each and every door they passed, hoping that some circus act, perhaps practicing their routine, would pour out into the hall. Regrettably, it looked less and less likely as they approached the door to their room. 
"We'll get our things put up, take our baths, and then we'll see about supper," Bax was saying when the door to the room next to theirs opened up. The woman from the porch stepped into the hall. 
"Well, now," she said with a smile. "It seems you aren't turkeys after all." 
With a neutral expression, Bax touched the brim of his hat. "Ma'am," he said and kept on going. 
 Matthew, however, stopped. "The man downstairs says that there are circus folk staying here. Have you seen any?"
"Well now, that depends," said the woman, "on who's asking."
"Oh, I'm sorry.  My name is Matthew Gr…"
"Pard," Bax called from their door. He gave Matthew a stern look.
"Semkow, Matthew Semkow," he corrected himself.
"It's nice to meet you, Matthew. My name is Cordelia McKenna. And yes, I've seen plenty of those circus folk." Cordelia's eyes darted from Matthew to Bax and then back. "You two look hungry. Would you like to join me for dinner?"
 Matthew looked eagerly to Bax. "Can we?"
 Bax shook his head. "Pard, we need to get civilized again before we do anything else." To Cordelia, he said, "We appreciate the offer, Mrs. McKenna. Another time maybe?"
 "It's Miss McKenna, Mr. Semkow and, unfortunately I'll be leaving town tomorrow."
 Matthew was crestfallen. There was something very intriguing about Cordelia McKenna. Too bad they couldn't get to know her better.
 She tousled his hair. "Don't look so long in the face, Matthew. I have a feeling that another time may be much sooner than you think."
  Parting ways, Cordelia disappeared down the stairs while Matthew and Bax settled into their room. As he closed the door, Matthew said, "She's a nice lady. Don't you think so, Bax?"
 "Hmph. A lady, right."
 Matthew removed the enormous egg from the carpetbag and placed it on the center of the bed, "You don't like her?" he asked the cowboy. "She seems awfully likable to me."
 Bax was shaking off his hat. He eyed it carefully before hanging it on one of the bed posts. "Why, pard, if I didn't know better, I'd think you were sweet on Miss Cordelia McKenna."
 Matthew's face grew hot. "What? No. I mean I, that's crazy. I…"
 There was a rapping at the door. Bax stepped to it, giving Matthew one last look before opening it. He said. "I'll bet it's her."
 For some reason, maybe because he might be a little sweet on Cordelia, Matthew wished that he was small enough to crawl into the egg's carpetbag to hide.
  But when Bax opened the door, it was not Cordelia, but two men carrying two large tubs. Matthew was actually a little disappointed. 
 He watched as Bax let the men in. "Over there will do," he instructed them, pointing toward the window. The men made several more trips to and from the room, bringing pails of hot water and pouring them into the tubs in the process. When both tubs were filled, the hotel workers paid and gone, Matthew and Bax each settled into the steaming embrace of a hot bath. 
 "Ahhh," Matthew said. "Just like home.”  As he spoke the word home thoughts of Miss Nuttle and Mr. Finch, of his grandpa Max and, saddest of all, thoughts of his mother and father, made him sick for home as he had never felt before. 
  He was staring vacantly into the depths of the tub when a received a splash of water in his face. He looked up, smiling in spite of himself, just as Bax sent another wave of water from his tub. Matthew returned the favor in kind, and before long, it seemed that there was more water on the floor than in the tubs.

***

 "I should have had them press some of our clothes while we took our baths," Bax said as he tugged at the sleeves of his shirt and straightened his vest on his shoulders. Matthew felt fine, even if his clothes were more than a little rumpled. In fact he felt downright debonair, in large part because Bax had given him a splash of his Bay Rum cologne, saying, “We may look fresh off a cattle drive, but there's no need smellin' like it."
Downstairs, they stopped at the front desk. "Where might we get a good meal in this town?" Bax asked the clerk.
The man glanced up from his newspaper. "The Riverside Diner," he said matter-of-factly. 
Bax and Matthew exchanged questioning looks. Bax said, "That's it?"
With an irritated look, the clerk laid his paper flat on the counter. "That's it."
"Just the one?"
"Just the one."
"Let's go, little man," Bax grumbled as he led the way toward the door. Matthew heard him mutter something along the lines of, "Won't surprise me if they only serve only one dish."
As they stepped onto the boardwalk, Matthew said, "I guess Cordelia was right." 
Bax gave a slight shake of his head and then changed the subject. "It's still raining, but it looks to be about over."
Matthew glanced skyward. The clouds had all but broken up and moved on; those left behind gave up the last of their rain in the form of a light sprinkle. The dark orange glow of the setting sun warmed the western horizon like a distant bonfire.
 "You don't think Cordelia is a nice lady, do you?" Matthew asked Bax as they started down the boardwalk.
 "I think she's plenty nice.  I just don’t think she's much of a lady."
 That made no sense whatsoever to Matthew. Cordelia was unquestionably a lady - a very friendly, very pretty one at that. Of course, he wasn't going to say that to Bax, opting instead with, "What do you mean she's not a lady?"
 In front of the barbershop, Bax drew to a halt. "Pard, you're young, but as you get older, you're going to find you'll meet all manner of folk, good, bad, and ugly. And after a while, if you're lucky, you'll get to where you can read 'em like cards."
"I don't know how to play cards," Matthew said, even though he knew Bax wasn't being literal.
"All I'm sayin', pard, is that I'm a fair judge of folk, and I've met plenty like our Miss McKenna. Believe me when I say she's no lady."
Matthew stopped cold. “She’s a man?”
Bax gave him a flabbergasted look. “Where’d you get a dern fool idea like that?”
“Well, you said she wasn’t a lady. I just thought…”
“Trouble,” Bax said. "I meant that she was trouble."
As they walked, Matthew wondered how you could dislike someone you only just met. Then he reminded himself of his immediate dislike for Mr. Dardy and the Undertaker Man. Except that, unlike them, Cordelia hadn’t been anything but friendly.
Up ahead, light pooled across the boardwalk, spilling out into the muddy street. Even from outside, the clatter of plates and glasses and the boisterous chatter of the diners could be heard. Matthew looked in through the window to find that the long, narrow interior of The Riverside Diner was packed. "The whole town must be in there," he exclaimed.
 Bax checked the time then tucked his pocket watch away. "I doubt we'll find a seat," he said. "We could just come back a little later; give the crowd time to thin out. What do you think?"
 Matthew was already hungry, but now, smelling the aroma of food, he felt half starved. Even so, there wasn't much point to going in if there was no place to sit. He was about to answer Bax when a tapping on the other side of the window caught their attention. They looked to see Cordelia waving at them to come inside.
 Bax sighed. "I reckon she's got us a place to sit."
 Matthew waved back. "I reckon so," he grinned.


CHAPTER 12


Cordelia met them at the door as they entered the diner. "I knew you boys looked hungry.” She led them to a table at the very back of the diner. She settled in on one side of it, Matthew and Bax on the other.
  "I can't believe you have a whole table to yourself," Matthew was surprised that there were any seats available, given how busy the diner was at the moment. 
 "Neither can I," Bax said. He gave Matthew a knowing look that Matthew knew to mean see, she's trouble.
 Cordelia shrugged as though it wasn't the least bit unusual. "Is something the matter, Mr. Semkow?"
 Matthew was as curious as Cordelia. He wondered how Bax was going to reply.
 The cowboy leaned back in his seat and tipped his hat further back on his head. "Maybe. For starters, I'm not too keen on women folk who..."
  Cordelia interrupted him, "Who say what they’re thinking?"
  Bax arched an eyebrow. "I was going to say, who are so forward with total strangers, but I reckon that’s close enough."
  "Well, you are a strange pair.  I'll grant you that. But who's to say you're total strangers?"
  Matthew wanted to shrink away to nothing, as Bax lurched to his feet and glared over the table, a hard look in his eyes. "Woman, I'm not one to be trifled with. So I'm going to let you do yourself a favor by tellin' me who you are and what your interest is in me and the boy!" 
Unfazed by Bax's grim demeanor, Cordelia matched his stare with equal sternness. "Sit down, Mr. "Fleming. That's right, I know about you and the boy."
 Bax went for his pistol, but before he could clear leather, he was staring down the barrel of a derringer that had materialized in Cordelia's hand. "I'm going to let you do yourself a favor by putting those fancy irons of yours on the table where I can see them."
  For a moment Matthew thought that Bax was going to chance it, but then the cowboy glanced at him, seeming to weigh the risk. It took Bax less than a heartbeat to decide. With a deadly expression on his face, he placed his Navy Colts on the table. He looked as surprised as Matthew felt when Cordelia, leaving them where they were placed, simply covered them with a large, frilly handkerchief. “Mani and Sol, Night and Day, silver and gold,” she said with obvious admiration. 
"Can't say I ever heard tell of a lady bounty hunter," Bax said as he sat back down.
It was Cordelia's turn to arch her brow. "Don't be ridiculous. Do I really look like a bounty hunter?"
 Bax's gaze drifted to the derringer. "From this end of that pea shooter, you can look like anything you choose to."
  Matthew swallowed uneasily. "You were right, Bax.  She is trouble." 
  Cordelia huffed, exasperated, as she looked to Bax. "Honestly, Mr. Fleming, what sort of nonsense have you been filling the boy's head with?" She looked back to Matthew. "Think of me as a good Samaritan, Matthew." As she spoke, she removed a folded piece of paper from her handbag and passed it to Bax.
 "What's this?" Bax asked, taking the paper. 
 As he unfolded it, Cordelia said, "A wanted dodger."
 Matthew leaned closer to see, and his eyes nearly popped. There was a crude, though passing likeness of Bax printed below the word Wanted.  Below the drawing, the dodger read, Wanted, in the State of Michigan, for assault, theft, arson, kidnapping and murder: 'Baxter Fleming'. The fugitive is known to be traveling with one Matthew Graham, aged ten years. There was a $10,000 reward for Bax, dead or alive.
  "That's a lie," Matthew declared. "A big fat lie. I’m nine and a half,” he said to Cordelia.
“That’s a mite outrageous reward,” Bax said quietly, as though thinking aloud.  “There must be private money involved.” He folded the paper again. "Mind if I keep this?" he asked Cordelia.
  "Sure. There are plenty where that came from," Cordelia said as she put away her derringer, a clear sign to Matthew that she was on their side. In spite of what Bax might think, Matthew felt himself a good judge of character, too, and he had been right about Cordelia.
  Bax relaxed somewhat, leaning back in his seat. "So tell me, Miss McKenna, why would you help two fugitives?"
 "For one thing, Mr. Fleming, I don't believe everything I read," she said, nodding to the folded dodger. "For another, while we've never formally met, I'm very familiar with both you and the Graham family. From the dime-novels."
  Bax laughed at that. "For someone who claims not to believe everything she reads, you have a mighty strange sense of what you choose to believe."
  "He doesn't like dime-novels," Matthew said, then added, "but I do." 
  Cordelia flashed him a smile.  To Bax she said, "Have I judged you wrong? I could do a lot with $10,000." For a moment, Mathew wasn't sure if she was being serious, but when she didn't go for her derringer, he relaxed.
  "So what now?" Bax asked.
  A conspiratorial look crossed Cordelia's face. "I can help you get safely out of town."
  "I'm sure you're dealin' straight and all, but you've already been a big help just makin' us aware that the law is now after us. Why help us any more than you need to?"
 Cordelia looked as though the answer should be obvious. "Well, if you're behind bars, whatever will I read, Mr. Fleming?"  
Matthew had no idea what she meant by that, and Bax ignored the remark. "So what do you have to do to get waited on in this place?"
As if in response to the question, a man appeared, carrying threes plates of piping hot food. Bax looked up at him. "What's this?"
  "Your dinner, mister," the waiter said as he set the plates on the table.
  "But we haven't even seen a menu."
  The man placed his hands on his hips. "The little lady here ordered for you."
  Cordelia gave Bax a guilty-as-charged smile. When the waiter left, Cordelia said, "I've been here a week. Believe me; they only have one good dish."
  To Matthew, Bax said, "Told you."
  Matthew, however, couldn't care less as he sized up the heavily-burdened plate before him: fried catfish, cornbread, peas, and fried potatoes. Without waiting to say grace, he picked up his fork and dug in.
  Cordelia chuckled. She looked at Bax. "You do feed him, don't you?"
  "I tried beans, but apparently they're the one thing he'd rather not eat."
  Matthew listened and ate as Bax and Cordelia began to talk business.
  "So how is it you plan on hustlin' us out of town?" Bax said over a forkful of peas.
  "No hustlin' involved," she said. With a wicked smile, she added, "You'll have to earn your passage."
  Bax almost spit his peas out. "What?"
  "Oh please. Get your mind out of the outhouse, Mr. Fleming."
  Confused, Matthew stopped eating. "What does that mean?"
  The adults turned to him in unison. "Just eat."
  Bax wiped his mustache and divot with a napkin. Then, somewhat recovered, he said. "I can pay our way."
  Cordelia shook her head. "I'm not interested in your money, Mr. Fleming. I intend to put you to work. Two of my employees quit just after we came to town. "
  With a wary look in his eye, Bax said. "What sort of work?"
  "Do you like the circus, Mr. Fleming?"
  "I do!" Mathew exploded. "I mean, yes, we do." Matthew could hardly believe the possibility of working in a circus. When Bax did not answer Cordelia right away, Matthew said, "We do like the circus, don't we?"
  "Where will you be headin', and how're you going to get there?" the cowboy asked.
 "Next stop, St. Louis," she said. A proud look then lit her face. "And we'll get there on The Aurora."
 "The what?"
 "The Aurora, my river steamer."
Matthew looked to Bax. "That's got to be better than the train was."  
"You own a steamboat?" Bax said skeptically.
"That's only part of it, Mr. Fleming. I own the M & H Circus as well: the McKenna-Hillard Circus." 
Matthew gaped. Cordelia McKenna was quickly proving to be one of the most amazing people he had ever met.  He could scarcely believe it when Bax kept asking questions: "What manner of work do you have in mind, Miss McKenna?" 
Desperate, unable to stop himself, Matthew leaned close to the cowboy's ear. "Bax, please, please, please, please, please! Does it matter?"
Bax smiled at Cordelia. "Excuse us." Then, in hushed tones, the bargaining began. "Pard, think about it. It's a boat load of animals, big animals. Do you know what that means?"
"But Bax, it's the circus!"
"It means big animal messes, and I'm having a premonition of me shoveling big animal messes all the way to St. Louis."
"I'll shovel it," Matthew promised. 
Cordelia cleared her throat to get their attention. "Uh, gentlemen, maybe we should have this debate elsewhere." She nodded toward the front of the thronged diner.
Matthew looked, but through the crush of patrons, he could only see the top of the door. Bax, who had likewise followed Cordelia's nod, said, "Who're those varmints?" 
Matthew started to stand up for a better look but was settled back in his chair by Bax's hand on his shoulder. "Ain't nothin' to be concerned with, pard, you just work on that food."
A hush settled over the diner and Matthew caught Bax's gaze as it shifted to Cordelia. "Sheriff Krieger, the local law," she whispered. As she spoke, she slid Bax's covered Colts toward him. 
Something in her action made Matthew uneasy. A dangerous energy filled the diner's smoky air. Bax discreetly holstered his pistols, handing the kerchief back to Cordelia. "I take it they're as disreputable as they look?" 
Cordelia nodded. "We've been here a week, and half a dozen of my people have had run-ins with the law. In fact the job opening I'm offering you became available as a result of two of my men being run out of town by the good sheriff."
Matthew continued eating, though his actions were wooden. He kept craning his neck this way and that, trying to catch a glimpse of the unsavory lawman, among the milling shapes of the diner's patrons.
The quiet was broken when, in an uneasy voice, someone called out, "Evenin' Sheriff. What'll it be for you gents tonight?"
"Nothing tonight, Johnny." The voice was deep and gravely. The gruffness of it alone painted a picture of the speaker as a giant-sized Sid or Jonas, the voice of someone Matthew definitely did not care to meet. "
"What are we going to do now?" Matthew asked Bax.
Bax looked to the folded dodger, "I reckon we'll keep a low profile and just walk out of here as pretty as we please. Like I said, there's no reason for them to think we'd be passing this way. How could they? We hadn't even planned to be here ourselves."
Good point, Matthew thought until….
"Alright folks, let me have your attention." It was the sheriff's voice. Silence again laid claim to the diner.
Bax turned his head just enough to look toward the front of the room. "Ah, crap," he grumbled. 
Not expecting to see anything, Matthew looked and was surprised to find that the speaker was standing on the counter. The sheriff looked at least as tall as Bax. He was thick-shouldered and wore a low crowned, wide-brimmed hat below which his face was half hidden behind a brushy black mustache. He was definitely as surly looking as he sounded.
Matthew did a double-take when he caught sight of what the sheriff was holding up for the patrons to see. A copy of the wanted dodger! 
"We have reason to think this fugitive may be hereabouts. His name is Baxter Fleming, and he's wanted for assault, theft, arson, kidnapping and murder. I think it goes without saying that he's a dangerous man. He's believed to be traveling with a nine-year-old boy - the boy he’s accused of kidnapping - who answers to the name of Matthew Graham. Now I know that most of you folks are just passing through, but I expect you to keep your eyes open, and if you see anyone who even resembles either of these two, you'll do the responsible thing and get word to me or one of my deputies straight away."
With that, the sheriff hopped down, and Matthew caught a glimpse of him moving toward the front door. Several sharp raps punctured the air. "What is he doing?" Matthew whispered to Bax.
The cowboy craned his neck for a better view. He looked a bit ticked when he turned back to the table. "He posted the dodger right by the door. Ain't a soul in here who won't get a good look at it when they leave." 
 "Don't worry about that, Mr. Fleming. Most of the people in here are with my circus. You're in no danger from them."
 "Most, but not all of them," Matthew pointed out.
 Bax nodded approvingly. "Little man's right," he said to Cordelia. Matthew welled with pride, feeling for a moment like one of the grown-ups. 
 Bax continued, "When we finish here, I suggest we leave by the back door."
 Cordelia nodded. "I don't know who you boys crossed in Michigan, but they've got to be very powerful if they can cast a net this wide." 
  Bax thumbed his mustache, considering his next words. "As it happens, the little man and I are bound for St. Louis, same as you and your circus.  The truth of it is that getting there on your steamer may be our best option. It would be faster, and we could avoid the possible run-ins that we'd be sure to face going over land."
 "Then it's settled," Cordelia said.
 Matthew nodded happily, but then Bax held up a hand and said. "Not so fast, Miss McKenna. It might be in your best interest if the boy and I slip out of town on our own. If you help us, and the folks lookin' for us get wind of it, you'll be askin' for a world of grief. I don't think we can impose ourselves on your hospitality knowing that."
 Matthew couldn't believe it. Did Bax just change his mind? 
For her part, Cordelia just crossed her arms and gave Bax a scathing look. "Do you honestly think I haven't considered that? I'm not afraid of the two-bit sheriff of a two-bit town. If I were, I'd have packed up my circus and moved on the first minute the sheriff showed his true colors. No, Mr. Fleming, the two of you need passage to St. Louis, and I need work hands for the trip. So you are going on the Aurora. Besides, I could stand to do a few good deeds."
 "It' been said that no good deed goes unpunished," Bax said. 
 Cordelia turned to Matthew, "Is he always such an optimist?"
Although Cordelia wasn't being serious - at least Matthew didn’t think she was being serious, it wasn't always easy to tell where grow-ups were concerned - he felt Bax was one of the most optimistic people he knew, and he thought it needed saying. "Bax is very optimistic. That's why we're here. We're going to save my family."
Cordelia's smile wilted. She looked at Bax. "'To save his family'? Is that some sort of joke? No, I can see by your expression that it isn't. What does he mean, 'to save his family'?"  
Matthew glanced from Cordelia to Bax. The cowboy looked deadly serious. For a moment, Matthew feared he had said more than he should have. However, Bax said nothing to that effect. 
"The boy's tellin' the truth, Miss McKenna. And I suppose if we'll be traveling to St. Louis with you, you have a right to know what you may be getting' yourself into." Bax proceeded to tell Cordelia about the message from Matthew's parents and grandfather, the mysterious egg, Mr. Dardy, and the death of Mr. Brewer.  He did omit mention of the stryvog. He told of the train incident - again with no mention of the stryvog - and of their arrival here in Riverton.
"And you hope to find Matthew's kin in St. Louis?" 
At which point, Matthew said, "In Death Valley."
 Cordelia shook her head and blinked, as though trying to process their tale. 
 "Do you still feel inclined to take us to St. Louis?" Bax asked.
 Cordelia looked frustrated. "Good Lord, Mr. Fleming. Even assuming everything you've told me is true, nothing has fundamentally changed. I still believe you're innocent of the charges on the dodger; you still need safe passage to St. Louis; and I still need work hands. Besides, this sheriff has been a bee in my bonnet since I came to town, and I'm looking forward to pulling the wool over his eyes by stealing you two away."
 For the first time since they had entered the Riverside Diner, Bax actually smiled. He raised his coffee cup and toasted Cordelia. "Here's to puttin' bees in your bonnet, Miss McKenna. Remind me not to do so in the future."
Cordelia raised her own cup, "You'll be off to a good start if you call me Cordelia."
"Then you may as well call me Bax." 
With their cups still raised, they looked to Matthew, who followed their gazes as they shifted to his glass of milk. Taking the hint, he raised his glass.
As the cups and glass clinked lightly together, Cordelia concluded the toast saying, "Here's to shoveling big piles of elephant sh…er, poop."


CHAPTER 13


Outside the diner, as they prepared to part ways for the night, Cordelia said, “The Aurora will set out at six a.m. You can't miss her."
 "We'll be there," Bax said with a farewell tip of his hat. 
  Cordelia shook Matthew's hand. "Get some sleep," she told him. "You’re in for a big day tomorrow so you’ll need to be good and rested."
"Life in the circus sounds like fun, don't you think so, Bax?" questioned Matthew.
 Bax shrugged. "Feels more like being shanghaied to me."
 Matthew had read stories of people being shanghaied - taken against their will and forced to work on ocean-going ships. He thought it an odd thing for Bax to say, since they we're going of their own free will, and that, work or not, being part of a circus had to fun.
 They entered the hotel to find it quiet; there was no one to be seen, not even the desk clerk. "I reckon most of the folks went from the diner to the saloon," Bax commented.
 As they headed for the stairs, the front doors opened and two trail-weary looking men filed into the lobby. One of the strangers looked Matthew straight in the eye, sending a cold chill slithering up his spine.
"Bax?" Matthew whispered.
"I see 'em, pard. Why don't you head on upstairs?" As he spoke, Bax handed Matthew their room key. "Lock the door behind you, and don't open it for anyone but me. Got it?"
Taking the key, Matthew glanced once more toward the rough looking characters still lingering just inside the doors before he hurried up the stairs. He didn’t, however, head for the room. Instead, he laid down flat on his stomach, the carpetbag close to his side, and inched back to the edge of the balcony overlooking the lobby. 
Almost directly below him, Bax stood leaning against the counter casually regarding the new arrivals. "I'm afraid you boys are out of luck," he said. "Not a room left to let."
The foremost of the men appraised Bax with the air of a man in control. Why shouldn't he feel confident? Matthew thought. They had Bax out-numbered, out-gunned two to one.
The man was unshaven. His greasy blonde hair hung in limp clumps almost down to his shoulders. When he spoke, his words sounded as oily as he looked. "Ain't lookin' for no room, mister. We lookin' for you." 
"That a fact?" said Bax, still leaning against the counter.
The man held a hand out to his side, palm up. His companion, who looked enough like him to be a brother, placed a paper in his hand. He regarded the dodger, comparing the illustration on it to Bax, before crumpling it into a ball and tossing it at Bax's feet. "You're about to make me and my brother a good deal richer tonight."
"Yeah, $10,000 richer," cackled the other.
Bax, who still hadn't moved, said. "I'll do you one better. How about I give you something that's worth its weight in gold?"
The greasy blonde regarded Bax through narrowed eyes. "And what might that be?"
"Advice," Bax said.
The men laughed, exchanging bemused looks. "C'mon, Gene," said the second man, "jist kill 'em so's we can git the re-ward."
Gene waved his companion to silence. To Bax he said, "Spill it."
"Walk on out of here, and keep walkin'," Bax said.
"That's it?" Gene growled. 
"That's it," Bax replied. "A smart man would see the value in that bit of advice. Are you a smart man, Gene?"
Apparently he was not, and neither was his bother.  Like marionettes strung up on the same set of strings, both bounty hunters drew their pistols and let loose a barrage of gunfire that filled the lobby like a swarm of deadly lead bees. 
Their target, however, was no longer there. From his vantage point, Matthew could see that Bax had hurled himself over the counter. He crouched down as the bullets chewed up the cubbyholes that lined the wall behind the counter, shredding the mail stowed there and scattering room keys in every direction. 
"Gene, what about the boy? He went upstairs."
"We'll get him after we bag our re-ward." As he spoke, Gene motioned his partner toward one end of the counter, while he himself moved toward the other. They were going to box Bax in!
 Behind the front desk, Bax was still sitting on the floor next to the mop and bucket which the absentee clerk must have been using to mop the floor. He had put his back to the wall, facing the front doors. In either hand he held a Colt, pointing them at opposite ends of the front desk, waiting.
I have to do something, but what? Matthew thought as he desperately looked about for inspiration. Maybe he could yell something to distract the bounty hunters just long enough to even the odds. As he considered what to yell, he saw something that gave him a better idea.
Getting quickly, yet quietly, to his feet, Matthew hurried to the small table on which sat a potted plant. The plant weighed more than he had expected, but the heavier the better, he thought. At the balcony railing, he positioned himself over one end of the front desk. Just as the second man reached the end of the counter, Matthew heaved the plant over the railing.
The pottery shattered as it landed squarely on the man's head. His knees buckled, and he crumpled to the floor amid a mess of plant, dirt, and broken earthenware.
 A pistol roared, and a bullet ripped through the railing in front of Matthew, sending splinters into the air. He ducked back from the edge, unhurt, and hoped that Bax would seize the moment.
 "Dingus, git up!" 
Dingus? What sort of name was Dingus? Matthew wondered. Just then a loud splash sounded from below. A man coughed and sputtered until the clang of metal muffled the noise. Matthew cautiously peered over the edge just as Gene staggered toward the middle of the lobby floor, the now empty bucket over his head like a helmet. And then Bax was there, Colts holstered, mop in hand. Wielding the mop like a baseball bat, Bax swung it at the bucket. It struck with such force that Matthew could almost feel the clang vibrate through his teeth.  
 The bounty hunter staggered about aimlessly before finally slamming into a wall, at which point he fell flat on his back, the bucket still over his head.
 Bax moved quickly to gather up the guns of both bounty hunters. "That was quick thinkin', pard." he said to Matthew. "Get to the room and get our belongings together."
 "We're leaving? But Cordelia said that the Aurora wasn't leaving until early tomorrow morning."
 "We can't stay here," Bax said. "The gunplay is bound to have drawn attention."
 "Okay," Matthew said as he picked up the egg in its carpetbag. He turned to head down the hall but was stopped short by the unmistakable voice of the sheriff.
 "You bet it has, Mister." 
 Matthew turned to see his fear confirmed. The bull-shouldered figure of the sheriff stood framed in the open double doors. Behind him were two other men wearing badges; deputies he guessed. Matthew quickly hid himself around the corner of the end of the hallway, peering out at the scene below. He was torn between doing as Bax had told him and staying in case the cowboy needed help.  
The sheriff took a confident step into the lobby, his right hand resting on the butt of his six-shooter. "What the blazes is going on here?" he demanded. 
Bax stood up to face the sheriff, and Matthew could tell by the tilt of his head that Bax was using the brim of his hat to conceal his features from the sheriff. "Don't know," Bax said. "I think these varmints must have had a go at one another; I rushed in to see what was happenin', but they were already as you see them now."
The sheriff surveyed the lobby, his gaze lingering on the bullet-ridden wall behind the front desk. "You always rush into the middle of a gun fight?" As he spoke, his deputies filed into the room; one to the left, the other to the right.
Bax shrugged. "Probably not the smartest thing I ever did. I guess I'm lucky I didn’t get caught in the middle of it."
With his left hand, the sheriff pointed to the pistols Bax had taken from the bounty hunters. "What're you doing with their irons? Were you planning on stealing them? " 
 A crowd had gathered just outside the hotel doors. Among the onlookers, Matthew caught sight of Cordelia. She was looking right at him. As their eyes met, she did a strange thing. She began making strange hand gestures. 
What is she doing? Matthew wondered. Here Bax was about to get into a real gun fight and Cordelia was making hand… oh! She was trying to tell him something!
Oblivious to Cordelia's hand-antics, the Sheriff continued grilling Bax. "Why don't you put those irons down, nice and easy-like; and while you're at it, add yours to the mix."
Cordelia's gesturing became more pronounced. She looked to Matthew as if she were pretending to ring a bell. What bell? Whatever Cordelia was trying to tell him, Matthew was certain it was urgent and it had to do with the situation below him in the lobby. He shrugged his shoulders, giving her a desperate look. 
 "Sheriff," said one of the deputies flanking Bax. "I know this one."
  Fearing Bax had been recognized, Matthew turned his gaze to the lobby. One of the deputies was standing over the bounty hunter Matthew had dropped the potted plant on. "His name is Dingus Waddell. He's a bounty hunter."  
  Matthew saw the sheriff give Bax an appraising look. "That's interesting," he said as he drew his gun. "I won't tell you to drop those guns again, Mister." 
  Matthew knew that whatever was going to happen in the lobby was going to happen any moment now. He looked to Cordelia and became even more perplexed to find her mimicking the twirling and throwing of a lasso. She then pointed past him, and followed that by repeating her bell ringing gesture. All at once, Matthew understood! He gave her a hurried nod and, with one last look to Bax, he turned and raced down the hall toward their room.
  He was halfway down the hallway when the report of a single gun shot cracked the air. His heart almost stopped! Had Bax been shot? More shots rang out, but, bad as that was, it meant that Bax was at least alive. 
 Reaching the door to the room, Matthew fumbled with the key. Amid the continuing pop of gunfire, he could now hear people running up the stairs. The key slid home and Matthew barreled into the room. Their bags were just as they had left them. Quickly, he gathered them up, stuffing the few items of clothing that had been laid out on the bed into one of the bags. 
  The chorus of footfalls was now just down the hall. Without wasting a moment, Matthew darted to the window and threw it open. 
  He spun as the door burst open. It was Bax. The cowboy crouched just inside the room, taking aim down the hall. He snapped off a couple shots, and then ducked lower as the return fire chipped away at the doorjamb just above his head.
 Grabbing the bags, Matthew dashed to the open window and tossed them through it. He hurried to the foot of the bed where a rope lay coiled on the floor; one end tied to the bed frame. The fire escape! Thank you, Cordelia, Matthew thought as he tossed the rope out the window as well. 
  "Bax! Come on!"
  The cowboy chanced a look his way, grinning victoriously at Matthew's handiwork. "That's thinkin' on your feet, pard. Way to go." He fired another shot down the hallway. "You first; I'll hold the varmints off and then follow you."
  Nodding, Matthew grabbed hold of the rope and scampered to the window. The egg! How will I climb down without dropping it? he thought. “Bax, wait!" he yelled. "The egg! I've got to lower it down first!" As he spoke, he pulled the rope back up through the window. When the end was in his hands, Matthew quickly passed it through the bag's wooden handles and tied it into as tight a knot has he could, hoping it would hold.
Bax fired another two shots. "Let's get a move on, pard. These rascals are more determined than a passel of starving ticks on a dog." 
Matthew eased the carpetbag out the window and lowered it as gently as possible to the ground. He hoped that it had touched down softly. "Okay, Bax, I'm going!" 
Bax gave him a reassuring nod, as Matthew perched himself on the threshold. "Don't look down," he muttered to himself. "This is no different than climbing out of my bedroom window back home.” He flinched and almost lost his purchase as Bax unleashed a final, furious volley of gunfire down the hallway. He must have emptied his pistols, Matthew thought as he climbed through the window. Then, just before he dropped below the sill, he caught a glimpse of the cowboy throwing his weight against the armoire; it toppled over with a booming crash to block the door. 
  On the ground Matthew was startled to find himself in the company of several night-shrouded people. Cordelia stepped forward, a finger to her lips, “Shhhh!”  She handed Matthew the carpetbag and motioned him away from the building where three other people stood. They must be some of Cordelia's circus folk, he reasoned.  
A scuffling and a thump sounded from above. Matthew looked up, to find Bax hanging half out of the window. Through the moon-cast shadows of the trees, Matthew could see that Bax supported himself with one arm draped over the window sill. With his free hand, the cowboy laid hold of the rope.  
"Don't worry Mr. Fleming. I've got the other end of the rope," Cordelia whispered.
 "Who, hunh, what?" was all Bax managed to say before he slipped. He hit the ground hard and lay flat on his back as everyone gathered around. 
"Bax!" Matthew cried. "Are you okay?"
Bax opened his eyes. "Sure. I think."
Cordelia leaned in next to Matthew and looked down at the cowboy. "Two stories, flat on your back.  I must say, Mr. Fleming, you certainly know how to make an exit."
"You should see my third floor technique," Bax said through clenched teeth.
In the darkness, Matthew caught the white flash of Cordelia's smile. 
"He's fine," she said, "but if he wants to stay that way, I suggest he get up and come with us before the sheriff realizes you've escaped the hotel."
Matthew extended a hand toward Bax, even though he doubted he could really haul the cowboy to his feet.  As Bax got up, Matthew said to Cordelia, "Where are we going?"
"Where else? The Aurora, of course. Now hurry."
While Matthew reclaimed the carpetbag containing the giant egg, the three men accompanying Cordelia collected the other bags. 
 Bax dusted himself off. "You did good back there, pard. In fact you probably saved my bacon."
  Matthew smiled. "And you saved mine."
  "No probably to it," Cordelia said. "But so all that wasn’t for nothing, we should really be getting out of here."
  Bax removed his hat and held it over his heart. "After you, m'lady."
 Cordelia seemed about to say something, but was interrupted by a crashing sound from the room above. "They've knocked over the armoire!" Matthew said.
 "Time to go," Cordelia ordered. She struck out at a run, leading everyone around to the back of the hotel. "We'll keep behind the buildings, away from the lights," she said referring to the gaslights used to illuminate Main Street.


CHAPTER 14


When they reached the last building in the row, Cordelia brought the party to a halt. "There she is!" she said, pointing around the corner and across the street.
 Matthew inched forward and looked for himself. The main street branched, the left arm reaching into the night, the right toward the river.  
 There, resting parallel to the shoreline, was the darkened silhouette of a riverboat.
"Is that it… I mean her?" he asked.
Cordelia laughed so loudly that Matthew thought she was going to give their whereabouts away. "No," she said. She then pointed a little downstream. "That, Matthew Graham, is The Aurora." 
At first, Matthew thought that he was looking at a building situated right at the water's edge; light shone from several windows, revealing at least four stories. Upon closer observation, the dark contours were unmistakably those of a river steamer - a mammoth river steamer. 
With unmistakable pride, Cordelia said, “She’s a mite bigger than most boats on the Missouri. In fact she’s more in line with Mississippi boats when it comes to size.” 
The sounds of pursuit drifted their way in the form of excited voices.
Bax glanced back the way they had come. "Looks like they're organizing a posse; it won’t take them long to figure out which way we went."
 Looking for himself, Matthew could make out a group of dark shapes at the far end of the row of buildings near the hotel.
  At the front corner of the building, Cordelia surveyed Main Street. "I only see a few people," she informed them, "and they're heading down to the hotel." She looked to Bax and Matthew and the other men. "This is our chance. Come on."

*           *             *

 They stood on the river bank in front of The Aurora. Cordelia stuck the tips of her pinky fingers into her mouth and blew a sharp, piercing whistle. 
 Matthew could hear feet shuffling on the deck. A moment later, a lantern bloomed to life. The man holding it regarded them from the steamer. "Miss McKenna?"
 "None other, Stewart. Lower the gangplank."
  Even before she had asked, the gangplank was reaching toward the riverbank, the end of it settling into the gravelly earth with a gritty plunk.
 As soon as everyone was aboard, Stewart pulled the ropes, raising the walkway behind them. "We have guests?" he asked Cordelia upon seeing Matthew and Bax.
 "At least as far as St. Louis," she replied. "They'll be replacing Oscar and Billy until then." 
 Almost as though it was an afterthought, Cordelia said, "Stewart Thompson, meet Baxter Fleming and Matthew Graham."
 The deckhand smiled and shook hands with them. "Pleased to meet you."
  "Likewise," Bax said.
  Cordelia indicated the three men carrying the bags from the hotel. "And these fine gents are the Gravinski brothers; Peter, Paul and Philip.
 Matthew was amazed that he had not noticed that the helpful trio was actually a set of identical triplets. 
My first real circus folk, Matthew thought. "Are you part of the show?" he asked. 
  As one, the triplets took a bow and replied, "We are The Flying Gravinski Brothers."
 "A trapeze act," Bax said, sounding impressed.
 Feats of aerial derring-do leapt into Matthew's imagination only to be pleasantly dashed when one of the brothers replaced them with something even more amazing, by saying, “Ha! The Brothers Gravinski is the greatest human cannonball act in the world!" 
Matthew turned quickly to Bax. "Did you hear that? Isn't that amazing?" 
"More like crazy, in my opinion," Bax said with a grin on his face. 
"Alright, alright," Cordelia interrupted.  "There will be plenty of time to meet everyone in the morning over breakfast. Right now I need to show these two where they'll be sleeping."
 Stewart stepped forward. "I'd be happy to do it for you, Miss McKenna."
 Cordelia shook her head. "I need you to stay at your post, Stew."
 "But everyone is aboard now."
 "There's a chance we may have some company tonight."
 "Passengers?"
 "No. The sheriff. Whatever you do, don't lower that gangplank for anyone. If they want aboard badly enough, they’ll have to swim. Even then, don’t let them on."
  "Yes ma'am."
  To Bax and Matthew she said, "Let's get you two settled in. Follow me." 
"How's the, uh, thing?" Bax asked Matthew in a quiet voice.
Matthew opened the bag and looked inside. "Fine, I think. At least it looks all right."
Bax nodded and turned to the Gravinski brothers. "I appreciate the help, boys, but I think I can manage those bags the rest of the way." The brothers handed the carpetbags over, then excused themselves for the night.
Matthew and Bax walked with Cordelia as she headed down the deck toward a distant set of stairs leading up to the second deck. From shore, Matthew had thought the Aurora looked completely dark. But now he could see low-burning lamps arranged all around, providing more than enough light to see by, yet not so much that anyone on shore could see everything happening on board. 
 "Where are all the animals?" Matthew asked, trying not to show his growing disappointment. 
"For the most part, we keep them in the hold on the main deck, between the boiler and engine. It’s a large area that occupies the better part of half the entire deck," she said pointing aft.
“You said, for the most part,” Matthew said. “Are there more animals on board?” 
“On the cabin decks?" Bax asked. 
Cordelia grinned. "That is where the real oddities are housed," she said darting a glance at Matthew.
"You mean…uh…freaks?" He felt a sudden apprehension at the thought of coming face to face with bearded women, four-armed men, or two-headed giants.
Bax patted him on the shoulder, "I think she's joshin' you, pard." He looked to Cordelia. "You are, aren't you?"
Cordelia stopped at the bottom of the stairs looking rather amused. "Really, you two! I wasn't being serious. Never mistake the M & H Circus for some sort of traveling carnival.”
 Relieved, Matthew followed Cordelia and Bax up the stairs. At the top, Bax said, "If you don't mind my askin' Miss… Cordelia, if everyone is on board, why not set out tonight? Why wait for tomorrow?"
 "We're waiting for a delivery of feed for the animals. It should be here and loaded just before sunrise."
 As she finished speaking, Cordelia stopped in front of one of the many doors visible from the top of the stairs. She opened the door, "This is it, gentlemen. Make yourselves at home."
 Matthew peered past the adults into the room beyond. It was not what he had expected. Rather than a large room filled with bunks and the circus people who would inhabit them, the stateroom was small, little bigger than a cabin on a Pullman coach; barely room for the single bed and the bunk above it.
 "You mean to tell me that the two men the sheriff ran off just happened to be bunkmates? What are the odds of that? You must have over a hundred people on this boat."
 "A good observation, Mr. Fle... Bax. This is actually Mr. Carter's room. Mr. Goode's room was on the starboard side. I just thought you two might prefer bunking together."
 Bax tipped his hat, "We're obliged." To Matthew, Bax said, "Get our stuff situated, pard, and then get to bed. I'll be along shortly; I just need to have a few words with Miss McKenna."
  "Aww, do I have to? I'm not even tired," he fibbed. He couldn't imagine what Bax might have to say to Cordelia, but Matthew had no desire to be left out.  
 "Pard, you look as tuckered as a spring calf at the end of a long drive. Now go on. You aren’t going to miss anything." 
As Cordelia handed him the lamp, her smile seemed one of understanding, but she offered nothing in the way of a reprieve.
 Matthew's shoulders sagged in defeat. "Oh, all right," he huffed and slowly turned to enter the cabin.
 "Good night, Matthew," Cordelia said.
 "Good night," he sighed. Carpetbag in one hand, oil lamp in the other, he lingered just inside the door, on the off chance that Bax would change his mind about sending him to bed. But his defeat was complete when Bax closed the door, shutting him in the room.
  It wasn't fair! This was as much his adventure as it was Bax's. He had every right to be in on every part of it. As he fumed, Matthew set the lamp on the narrow chest of drawers and went about the business of laying out their belongs. He began by removing the egg from its carpetbag. With both hands, he held the egg up before the lamp, turning it this way and that in the light, inspecting the mottled shell for any signs of cracking. The egg looked as unscathed as it had the first time he had laid eyes on it in Mr. Brewer's burning barn. How long ago had that been? Two, three days ago? He wasn’t sure. The time had been a blur; a week might have passed for all he knew. 
 For no reason that he could fathom, Matthew held the egg up to his ear, aware that the egg was bigger than his own head, and listened. His eyes widened in disbelief. He could hear something moving within the speckled shell!
  He held the egg at arm’s length and regarded it again. "I'm just tired," he said to himself. "I'm imagining things." 
  To prove his own point, he held the egg to his ear again. A chill turned his skin to goose flesh. He wasn't imagining it. Three was something alive in the egg. But how was that possible? The egg had been unattended by whatever had laid it for weeks… at the minimum. How could it still be alive?  
 Stunned by his discovery, Matthew was extra gentle when he placed the egg in the upper bunk where he would be able to keep an eye on it.  
 "What kind of egg are you?" he said aloud as he made a nest of the blanket, wrapping it the around the egg.
 His first thought was to tell Bax, but a little voice seemed to say, Wait. Wait until tomorrow.
Looking through the porthole, Matthew could see Bax and Cordelia standing almost directly opposite him on the narrow promenade. They were both leaning against the railing, the quiet town cloaked in moonlight on the shoreline behind them.
It was Bax who spoke first. “I thought you riverboat people preferred to travel during daylight hours when the river is easier to read?” 
“We do,” Cordelia replied. “But my pilot, Captain Weber knows this stretch of the Missouri like his own face. And he’s got an uncanny knack for predicting her moods. Besides, he’s likely to run us further out in some relatively deeper waters.”
“Hmmm,” Bax uttered with a nod.
They were quiet for a brief spell when Cordelia said, "Mathew's a very nice little boy.”
Matthew cringed. He was nine and a half; he was not a little boy.
 "That he is," Bax agreed.
 "Considering everything you've told me, he seems to be holding up quite well. And I don't mean that lightly. I know what it's like to lose your parents."
 In the soft glow of the moon, Matthew could see Bax's scowl. "His folks aren't dead, Cordelia."
 "I never said mine were either."
 Matthew wondered what she meant by that. If her father wasn't dead, how had she lost him? Maybe it had been the War Between the States. Even though the war had been fought before Matthew's time, he was more than aware of the rifts it had caused, of families who had found themselves divided along ideological lines. Even now, almost a decade later, the wounds were not fully healed. Maybe that was what Cordelia meant about herself and her parents.
 "If you're implying that he's been abandoned, you're mistaken. His folks have been kidnapped, plain and simple."
  Cordelia's eyes sparkled in the moonlight as she rolled them. "I doubt that there is anything simple about the matter."
 Bax was quiet for a moment.  He sighed. "Ain't that the truth."
 "Do you know who has them, and why? Have they made any demands?"
 Bax shook his head.
 "That just doesn't make any sense," Cordelia continued.
 "Few things in life actually do," Bax said as a gentle breeze swept loose a lock of Cordelia's dark hair. “Ain’t much about this whole affair that makes any real sense… at least not yet anyway.”
 Neither Bax nor Cordelia spoke for what seemed an eternity. Matthew pressed his face closer to the porthole. 
 Finally, Cordelia said, "Does the situation with his parents have something to do with whatever is in that carpetbag? He seems all but inseparable from it."
 Even in the cobalt blue of the night, Matthew could tell by the sudden set of Bax's shoulders that the cowboy was caught off guard by the question. Yet he sounded anything but flustered. "That may be the biggest mystery of it all." Bax seemed to study Cordelia before asking, "Why the sudden interest? I thought you were of a mind that our business was our own."
“My father was a no account swindler who took off to parts unknown and never came back.  I was only three years old when he left.  After Mama died, Stewart became the closest thing I had to a family.  Matthew’s lucky to have folks worth going after.  That alone is enough for me to want to help. And if giving you boys a ride to St. Louis helps, then that’s the least I can do.”  
Bax was quiet for a moment.  “Have you seen or heard from your pa since then? 
“He never so much as wrote me or mama, and I’ve only seen an old tintype of him.
“Maybe he had good reason, somethin’ you might not have understood, bein’ just a sprout at the time.”
Cordelia’s jaw visibly tensed.  “I grew up with the effects of his abandonment.  Even a sprout can understand that.”
Bax held his palms up.  “I meant no offence,” he said.
Cordelia shook her head and laughed lightly, the edge gone from her voice when she spoke again. "None taken.  It’s just that nothing gets my dander up like Robert McKenna.” Then, she said, “Besides, I just can't resist a good mystery, and the more I think about it, the more mysterious the two of you seem."
  "Well, I will say this much," Bax said. "Whatever the Grahams are caught up in, I'm of a mind that it's bigger than any of the nonsense you've read about in those dime novels ever was."
Before Cordelia could reply, a commotion erupted down on the main deck where Stewart stood watch at the raised gangway. Matthew shifted on his bunk for a better angle through the porthole. He couldn't see much, but there was an unmistakable glow from one or more lanterns on the riverbank. He could also make the indiscernible rumble of voices raised in a heated exchange.
 "Enter the good sheriff," Bax said.
 "I figured as much," Cordelia said as she started toward the stairs. "I’ll go deal with him, and I'll see you two in the morning."
 "Good night," Bax said with a nod. But Bax did not enter the cabin; instead, he made his way along the railing for a better view of the stand off below. 
 Since he couldn't see what was happening for himself, Matthew watched Bax for any reaction to what was happening. However, the voices eventually quieted down, the lantern glow faded, and Bax, with a satisfied nod, started back for the cabin.
 Matthew feigned sleep as Bax entered and settled into the lower bunk for the night. Long after the cowboy had begun to snore, Matthew lay awake, turning ideas over and over again in his mind as to what sort of bird the egg contained and when it would hatch. But above all, he wondered how any bird, however remarkable, rare, or exotic it might be, could help play any part in saving his family.
 His family… Matthew took the daguerreotype from his bag. Holding the sepia picture by its scorched and blackened edges, he regarded the faces of his loved ones by the light of the moon streaming in through the porthole.
  For longer than Matthew had been alive, the picture had hung on the wall of the dining room. He had seen it so often that he had ceased to see it at all. It had become a part of the wall, like the wallpaper, always visible but never noticed.
  He noticed it now, taking in every detail. Unlike people in most daguerreotypes, his parents always held their smiles. Now their captured smiles filled his heart with longing, a sadness so profound that he began to cry. He quickly put the picture away and then buried his face in his pillow so Bax wouldn't hear him.
  He could only imagine how far from home Death Valley was, but at the moment, it felt farther away than ever. Impossibly far. 
  Matthew's sad ruminations were interrupted by the sound of rolling thunder from the bunk below. In spite of his blue mood, Matthew smiled, and his sniffling gave way to a quickly muffled giggle. The cowboy sounded like a busy day at Higgland’s sawmill back home in Holly. 
Matthew could easily understand why his parents had considered Bax a member of the family. Too bad I had to meet him under such circumstances, Matthew thought. He found it a bit surprising how quickly - how easily - he had gone from being in awe of Baxter Fleming, the legendary dime novel hero, to being even more in awe of Baxter Fleming, his friend. It was true, Matthew thought, at least it really seemed that Bax was becoming his friend and not simply because Bax was one of his parents’ best friends.
Matthew knew that it would have been easy, almost expected, for Bax to treat him like a ball and chain, an inconvenience that slowed him down. But Bax had only treated him with respect, the respect of a friend. 
And so, though Matthew's heart still panged for his family, the ache was somewhat alleviated knowing that with Bax's help everything was going to work out just fine.


CHAPTER 15


Matthew woke with a start to the clanging of a bell. A glance through the porthole told him that it was still dark outside. He rolled toward the edge of the bunk and peered over the edge just as Bax lit the oil lamp. Matthew squinted against the amber glow. "What time is it?" he grumbled.
 Bax's vest was hung on a peg near the bunk. From it he dug out his pocket watch. "Five o'clock," he said as he wound the timepiece.
 Matthew flopped back onto his pillow. The bell stopped ringing. "Maybe we can sleep a little longer," he said.
 Bax was on his feet, buttoning up his shirt as he spoke. "Not a chance, pard. We're part of the circus now. We've got work to do."
  Matthew tugged his pillow out from under him and covered his face with it. "Arrrgh." When he heard the door opening, he looked to see Bax at the threshold. "Where are you going?"
 Bax smiled. "I aim to get me some breakfast before it's all gone. If you're hungry, you may want to cut a trail." With that, the cowboy stepped outside and closed the door, leaving Matthew alone in the cabin.
 As quickly as he could, Matthew slipped into his clothes. He took the egg down from his bunk and looked it over but found no cracks in the shell. He put the egg to his ear and listened. He heard nothing and, for a moment, wondered if he had imagined it last night. 
 His stomach growled; the thought of breakfast already had his juices flowing. He tucked the egg into its carpetbag and hurried from the cabin; he wasn't even sure where to find the mess hall. He was pleasantly surprised to find Bax leaning against the outside wall, waiting for him.
"Whah!" Matthew exclaimed. "Where is everything?" Fog lay thick and heavy in the predawn darkness reducing the visible world to a matter of four or five feet in any given direction. Misty tendrils curled and coiled about them like groping hands. 
 "I don't think I've ever seen a fog this thick," Bax commented as they carefully made their way along the deck, toward the stairs.
When they came to the top of the gangplank, Matthew almost stumbled down it before he realized it was even there.
"How about I take that 'til we reach the bottom, little man?" Bax said.
Matthew nodded and handed him the carpetbag. He was eager to share what he'd discovered about the egg with Bax, but somehow, the time didn't seem right. Maybe while they ate. "Be careful," he said.
  Bax smiled. "That's the point."
  On the main deck, carpetbag back in hand, Matthew followed Bax toward the bow of the river boat, until a muted glow materialized ahead of them, at first appearing to float up toward the deck like a specter. Matthew dropped a step back behind Bax as a precaution, yet the cowboy seemed unconcerned. 
"Howdy," Bax announced as they closed the short distance to the glow. 
The glow spoke back. "Ah, a cowboy and a half. Good morning to the both of you." Matthew recognized the voice as that of Stewart.
  Matthew now realized that the glow emanated from Stewart's lantern. As he and Bax reached the watchman's side, Stewart seemed to materialize from the fog's folds. 
Bax pointed to the lantern. "Seems more for bein' seen than seein' by, wouldn't you say?"
The old deckhand nodded. "That it does. I’ve spent most of my life on the river, and I can't say I've ever seen fog so confounded thick as this. Almost seems unnatural."
Matthew shivered at the very prospect. Just then the sound of men's voices drifted through the gauzy air, accompanied by the creak of wagon springs and the occasional chuffing of horses. "Who is that?" he asked.
 Stewart motioned with the lantern over the side of the boat. "That's the shipment of feed and grain for the animals that we've been waiting for. It should have been here two days ago."
Bax peered into the gloom toward the invisible riverbank. "Is that unusual?"
Stewart shrugged. "Not especially so. You just come to expect this sort of thing when dealing with locals."  
The answer seemed to satisfy Bax, who then said. "We'd be much obliged if you could you point us to the mess hall."

*            *            *

Following a breakfast of bacon, eggs, and biscuits, Matthew and Bax made their way to the main deck. A pink horizon had begun to drive back the night, and the morning held the promise of a warm, clear day. Soon nothing remained of the fog except thin wisps that snaked upon the placid face of the river.
 The Aurora was under way, her powerful wheel and paddles churning the dark river, propelling the mighty boat forward. Plumes of smoke streamed from her towering stacks, trailing behind like locks of flowing black hair.
 Matthew hurried to the deck railing for a better view of the shoreline. Already the town of Riverton was falling away behind them. Before long it would be lost from sight. The galley had proved too crowded and chaotic for Matthew to tell Bax about the egg; but now, on the deck, alone for the moment at least, seemed the perfect opportunity. 
 Matthew unconsciously shifted the carpetbag containing the egg from one hand to the other. "What are we supposed to do now?" he asked as Bax joined him at the railing.
 Bax shrugged. "I reckon someone will tell us sooner or later."
 "Hey there!" Cordelia's voice drifted down to them from above. "Just the men I'm looking for."
 Matthew turned and looked up to see Cordelia leaning out of one of the pilothouse windows, waving to them. He waved back at her. 
 "I'll be right down," she said before ducking from view.
 Cordelia's chipper attitude was infectious, and Matthew couldn't help but smile. 
 Bax, on the other hand, didn't seem affected in the least. He had turned his attention back to Matthew. "How's that crackleberry holdin' up, pard?"
  Matthew beamed. "I wondered when you were going to get around to asking me that."
  "Well, I'm figurin' since I'm not smellin' it, it ain’t broken."
  Matthew said nothing for a moment, getting the desired effect as a look of concern crossed Bax's face. "It isn’t broken… is it?"
"Nope," Matthew said. 
"No, I reckon not,” Bax said as he regarded Matthew with narrowed eyes. “You're lookin' a bit too much like a bear in a honey jar for somethin’ to have gone wrong."
"It's alive. The egg is alive, Bax! Can you believe it?"
The cowboy tipped his hat back on his head, and gave Matthew a doubtful look. "What makes you think that?"
  "Last night, just before I went to bed, I heard something moving inside of it. Listen for yourself," Matthew said as he handed the egg to Bax. 
  Bax's eyes widened, but he accepted the bag. "Pard, this egg's been untended too long. There's no way it can be alive." 
  "Go on. You'll see."
  Bax glanced about but no one was paying them the least bit of attention. He lifted the egg to his ear, cast Matthew a skeptical look, and listened.
Matthew could tell at once by the cowboy's widening eyes that Bax could hear it too. "See? I told you," he grinned.
Bax held the egg out before him and looked at it as though seeing it for the first time. "Well I'll be danged," was all he said.
 "What do we do now?" Matthew wondered aloud, for surely this changed things -changed something anyway. He just wasn't sure what. 
"We stick to the plan, of course," Bax said as he held the egg out to Matthew. 
Matthew opened the carpetbag, and Bax placed the egg inside. "But what if the egg hatches? What'll we do then?" 
"In that case," Bax said, "I reckon we'll be keepin' watch on a big baby bird instead of a big egg.
"But my parents said they needed the egg." 
Bax held up a finger, reminding Matthew of his school teacher, Miss Strickland. "Are you sure about that?"
"But their letter…."
"…didn't expressly say they needed an egg. Your folks are smart people, pard. Plenty smart. I have no doubt they know full well what sort of egg this is. And, if it's due to hatch before we get to Death Valley, I have a strong notion your ma and pa would have known as much."
Matthew looked into the bag and regarded the egg. 
"Somethin' the matter, pard?"
Matthew shook his head. "I just realized that if it hatches, we're going to have to feed it."

***


"Well," Cordelia said when she joined them on the main deck, "I suppose there will be time enough for a full tour later. I can give you the economy tour while we walk." She pointed to the uppermost deck from where she had called down to them. "That there is the pilot house which, as the name implies is where the captain pilots The Aurora." Her pointing finger dropped a fraction. "The deck immediately below it is called the hurricane deck. That’s where everyone gathers in the evening to relax a spell. The deck below that, where you slept last night, is called the boiler deck. It’s mostly made up of the crew quarters, staterooms, the dining hall, and such. And here, where we are now, is the main deck, which is actually where the boiler, the fireboxes, the cargo and firewood are stored.
“We outfitted the largest portion of the main deck to house the animals and the circus equipment.”
That was all fine and good, thought Matthew, who was only half listening - preoccupied as he was about getting to see the animals - until Bax posed an odd question.
 "Don't take offense, Cordelia, but this boat has some years under her keel. Are those boilers in good working order?"
 Matthew wasn't sure what Bax had meant until Cordelia said, "If you're worried about them blowing up, don't. The boilers were replaced last year. Everything I have, not to mention the livelihood of everyone who works for me, is invested in this circus, in this boat. Believe me when I tell you, The Aurora's boilers are tested, tried, and true, and rigorously maintained. The last thing in the world I want to happen is for the boilers to blow this boat to smithereens."
 The cowboy tapped the brim of his hat. "I reckon that will have to satisfy me, won't it then?"
 Matthew gave Bax a concerned look. "We could blow up?"
 "Of course not, Matthew" Cordelia said. She made no attempt to hide the hard look she hurled at Bax. To Matthew she said, "You have to overlook Mr. Fleming's concerns, Matthew. He's a cowboy and that makes him suspect of any mode of transportation that doesn't run on four legs and have a built in fly-swatter."
 Matthew looked from one adult to the other. Bax smiled lightly. "Guilty as charged, pard. I reckon I'm just missin' ol' Turq."
 "Turq?" Cordelia asked.
 "Turquoise Bill," Matthew said. "That's his horse." 
 "Ah yes, how could I forget? I've read plenty about Turquoise Bill, the craziest horse East, West, North and South of Wichita, Kansas.”  A smile crossed Cordelia's face as she leaned close to Matthew. "They're best friends, you know, which, if nothing else, is proof-a-plenty that the horse is crazy." 
Matthew laughed while Bax approximated a smile for Cordelia.
"And now," she announced in a ringmaster's tone, "the portion of the tour you've both been waiting for." Matthew knew that last bit was meant especially for him.  
 With a feeling of anticipation akin to that of Christmas morning, Matthew followed Cordelia down the ramp to the lower decks. Bax, who did not share his enthusiasm, followed a few steps behind.
 They passed from the crystallizing light of day into the gloom of the enclosed main deck, like passing into another world entirely. The air was thick and pungent with the smell of animals, feed, and the resultant byproduct of the two. Oddly enough, while he found the smell unavoidable, Matthew didn't find it completely unbearable.
  At first glance the animal hold seemed to be equal parts cages and shadow, but as he looked around, Matthew could see that there were a variety of cages: wire cages for birds and small animals, barred cages, crates, and pens for mid-sized animals and, for the largest inhabitants of the main deck, there were stalls.
  As powerful as the smell was, it paled before the noise, a raucous cacophony of hoots and howls, yips and growls. To Matthew's imagination, it was an animal chorus befitting the deepest recesses of the Dark Continent. 
 "Watch where you walk," Cordelia said as they stepped among the pens and cages. Matthew glanced down to find his left foot planted squarely in the largest pile of animal dung he had ever seen. The sobering fact was that, as he looked around, he saw that the pile wasn't unique, nor was it the largest. Every inch of the floor that he could see was littered with straw and… stuff. So much for his exotic musings.
  "Let me guess," Bax said. "The fellas we're replacing were responsible for keeping the floors clean."
 "Among other things," Cordelia replied with a cryptic smile.
 Matthew could only smile meekly as Bax gave him an I-tried-to-tell-you look. In spite of his growing reservations, and his dung-coated shoe, Matthew tried to convince himself that cleaning up after the animals couldn't be all that bad. 
  Just then someone grabbed him from behind, wrapping his arm around him, pulling him backwards. "Ahhh!!" he squealed as he fought to free himself. He gave up when he saw the smile on Bax's face. Matthew realized that it wasn't an arm that held him.  He couldn't believe it. It was an elephant's trunk!
  Cordelia stepped up and gently peeled the trunk loose. "Now, now, be patient Halima. I was just about to introduce you. Matthew Graham, meet Halima."
  Matthew turned and found himself looking up at a colossal grey face broader than his whole body. His gaze was caught and returned by a pair of rich brown, wide-set eyes rimmed with long black lashes. "Halima?" he said, half to the elephant, half to Cordelia.
  "Her name is Egyptian," Cordelia said. "It means gentle."
  Matthew started to wave, but then, for some reason, he extended his hand to shake the elephant's trunk, only to change his mind yet again. He started to wave. He wasn't sure how to greet an elephant.
  "Oh, for Heaven's sake," Cordelia huffed with mock exasperation. "Don't they teach children anything important in school these days?"  As she spoke, she reached for Matthew's right hand. She then took hold of Halima's trunk and placed it in Matthew's open hand. He gave her an uncertain look, and then gave the trunk a polite shake. Cordelia rolled her eyes. "No. No. No," she said with the hint of a grin. Clearly she was enjoying his confusion. "Maybe you've heard the old adage that pachyderms never forget?"
  Matthew nodded. "I have."
  "The thing is that the saying is only partly true. If you want an elephant to remember something forever, you have to convey it to them in the only way that truly matters to them."
Matthew's brow knitted. "I don't understand."
"You have to greet an elephant as if you are an elephant."
"Now you've lost me," Bax chimed in, echoing what Matthew was thinking.
Cordelia smiled knowingly, then to Matthew she said, "Take a deep breath." He did and she said, "Now slowly exhale into Halima's trunk."
Still holding his breath, Matthew looked at Cordelia as if she were crazy. When she only nodded toward the end of the elephant's trunk, Matthew shrugged and did as she had instructed. 
"Perfect, Matthew. Now, no matter how long the two of you live, even if you both live to be one hundred years old, and you don't see each other again until then, Halima will still not have forgotten you."
Matthew was impressed.  "Did you hear that, Bax? Isn't that amazing?" To Cordelia he said, "Who taught you that?"
"Why an elephant, of course, and what better teacher could there be for such a thing?" 
Bax groaned at that, and Cordelia turned to look him in the eye. "Tell me you've learned nothing from Turquoise Bill, Mr. Fleming, and then you may laugh."
Matthew was surprised when Bax stared blankly at Cordelia for several seconds, before removing his hat and bowing slightly at the waist. "Touché, Madame."  
More surprising than the apparent apology was the fact that, unless Matthew was mistaken, Bax had just spoken in French. It was yet another bit of evidence that there was much more to Bax than the cowboy would have anyone believe. 
 Cordelia walked them around the hold, introducing them to the various animals of the M & H Circus. There were several species of monkeys, reptiles, and a pair of jaguars from the jungles of South America. From Africa, there was Halima and another elephant named Shambar. 
 In addition to the elephants, there were two lions - though Cordelia informed them that one of the lions was from India - and a pair of ostriches. Though there were a score of other animals from around the globe, it was the ostriches that demanded Matthew's attention or, more specifically, it was the something nestled in the straw that lined their pen.
 "Bax, look," he said, “an ostrich egg."
 The cowboy sidled up for a better look. "Hmm. I thought they'd be bigger."
 Matthew had to agree. The ostrich egg wasn’t big, not in comparison to their egg; which begged the question, What kind of egg am I carrying?
 One of the great birds high stepped to the side of the pen and bent its long neck until its head was level with Matthew's. The ostrich regarded him only briefly before lowering its head to the carpetbag in Matthew's hand. Did it sense the egg inside?
 "It looks as though Martha has taken an interest in you, Matthew,” Cordelia said. She reached over and patted the ostrich's featherless head. Martha gave the bag a parting look before raising her head to Cordelia's level. 
  Matthew watched as Cordelia fed the ostrich a handful of feed from a container mounted on a post near the pen. He was convinced that Martha was aware of the egg in the carpetbag. 
 It was Bax that brought the moment back into focus. "I see your birds are soon to be in the family way," he said to Cordelia with a nod toward the pair of eggs in the pen.
Cordelia's eyes saddened, as she sighed and gave Martha's head one last pat. "We've all been hoping for that, Bax. Unfortunately, it just doesn't seem to be in the cards."
"But once the eggs hatch," Matthew began but didn’t finish when Cordelia shook her head. 
"They won't be hatching, Matthew, at least not these eggs."
"Is something wrong with them?"
Bax add, "I thought they looked a bit small."
Cordelia gave Bax a look of puzzlement. "Small? How big do you think ostrich eggs need to be?" Her words sounded sharply.
Bax raised his hands. "Easy now, I didn’t mean to rustle your bustle. Given how quick you are to point out that I'm just a dusty old cowboy, how many ostrich eggs do you think I've seen before?"
"Sorry," Cordelia replied. "I shouldn't have spoken so harshly. It’s just that I’ve raised these birds since they were hatched." 
Bax gave her a forgiving wave of his hand. "No offense taken - aside from the fact that I am a cowboy, at least in my younger days, and proud of it - I've been called plenty worse in my time."
Cordelia smirked. "I'm sure you have. But I was talking about snapping at you in regard to the egg."
Bax's brow puckered, but before he could devise a retort, Matthew said, "If the egg isn’t too small, then why don't you think it will hatch?"
"Can't say for sure," Cordelia said. "It could be any number of things. There could be something wrong with George or Martha; could be that they’re not getting enough of something they need in their diet. It could be almost anything, Matthew. My own theory is that captivity just doesn't agree with them."
"I can relate to that," Bax muttered.
"You could just let them go," Matthew reasoned.
"That's a fine, even noble, idea," Cordelia said, "and I’d do it in a heartbeat. Unfortunately it just isn’t that simple. They might run free for a time, but this isn't their world. Come winter, the cold would likely kill them - and that's assuming they would even survive until winter comes."
"But you can't be sure that they wouldn't, right?"
Bax shook his head. "She's right, pard. These birds wouldn't know friend from foe on this continent. If an unfamiliar predator didn't get them, a human hunter surely would."
Matthew remained quiet for a moment. "What about their eggs? What will become of them?" 
Cordelia looked to Bax as she answered. "I'm sure that Bax will see to them when the time is right.” Bax nodded, saying nothing.
"Well, gentlemen," Cordelia said at length and, in a distinctly chipper tone. "Everything you need - brooms, mops, shovels and pitchforks - is over there, in the corner. Everything the animals eat is in the row of bins down the center of the deck. The bins are all labeled by animal name along with the amount of food to dole out. You can draw water from the river with that pail over by the door." 
"Simple as that," Bax said as he began rolling up his sleeves.


CHAPTER 16


Several hours later, the animal deck, pens, cages, and stalls were clear of waste, the old straw was swept up, the floor mopped and scrubbed to within an inch of its life and new straw was laid down. All that remained to do, as far as Matthew could discern, was to see that all of the animals were fed and watered, after which would follow a fresh round of not-so-fresh cleaning up after the animals. It was an endless cycle that he would be all too ready to be done with when they reached St. Louis. 
Matthew wasn't entirely sure that he had ever worked so hard in his life. He was, however, absolutely positive that he had never been so dirty. If Bax's appearance was any indication of his own, then he looked every bit as filthy as he felt, for the cowboy was coated, head to toe, in multiple layers of sweat, straw-dust and… well, dung.
"Let's go see what's on the menu," Bax said as he carried the wide broom he'd been using back to the corner where it was stored. 
"I'm so hungry, I don't care what's on the menu," Matthew said as he carried his own broom to the corner. His stomach growled loudly in agreement.
Bax hitched a thumb toward the animals. "Not for us, pard. Not just yet anyway."   
 Matthew nodded. "It has to be getting’ close to lunchtime for us too, doesn't it?" 
Bax fished out his pocket watch and checked the time. "Close. It's almost eleven-thirty. I reckon if we hurry we can finish up here, scrub enough grime off so as to make ourselves at least passingly acceptable, and still make it to the galley before the food is all gone."
There was a slight pause before the two of them bolted to the bins. A furious scramble ensued as they darted from bin to stall, bin to cage, bin to pen, time and again, reading the labels and doling out the appropriate amounts of the right feed to the correct animals. 
When Matthew returned to the next and last bin in the row; he found it to be the one labeled Ostriches. Bax joined him. "You get their feed. I’ll see to chuckin’ that bad egg of theirs." 
"I hate that we have to get rid of their egg," Matthew said as he lifted the lid of the bin. "It's just that I feel sorry for them. I don't think it's fair that their eggs are bad. I wish there was something we could do."
"Unless you're thinkin' about letting Martha sit on our egg, I don't know that..." Bax paused and fixed him with a look of suspicion. "Little man, don't even entertain that thought."
 "Martha knows about the egg," Matthew said. "She knows it's alive. Besides, what could it hurt to let her sit on it until we reach St. Louis? It would be good for Martha and the egg."
 "Pard, when we thought the egg was dead, it was too important to take chances with. But now, especially now, that we know otherwise, we need to take extra special care of it.
  Matthew was unconvinced, and Bax must have sensed as much for he said, "Let's say we let Martha sit on the egg. What if it hatches? We can't leave the baby bird with her when we leave. If you think Martha is sad now, imagine how torn up she'd feel if we snatched a young'un out from under her." He placed a hand on Matthew's shoulder. "No, pard, I think it best we leave well enough alone."
  Matthew stared dejectedly at the floor. Bax was right, of course, but that didn't lessen his sympathy for the mournful birds. "I guess so," he said. 
  "You go fetch their feed," Bax said. "I'll see to their egg."
  Matthew had already retrieved a pail full of feed and was returning to the ostrich pen when he heard a commotion from within the enclosure. Martha and George were in a tizzy and they had Bax, who was cradling one of their eggs, backed into a corner. Matthew rushed toward the pen, feed pail in hand, as the ostriches menaced Bax with snapping beaks and clawed feet. 
 "Martha! George! Stop!" Matthew called out, but the giant birds were not listening. Matthew was in the process of climbing into the pen to distract the ostriches when Bax called out. 
"Stay out of here, pard. These oversized biddies mean business!"
 Bax held up one arm to block Martha as the ostrich nipped and jabbed at him with her beak. "Ouch! Hey, watch it!" he yelped as she pecked him hard on his forehead, knocking off his hat in the process. 
 "Bax, your hat!"
 "I see it, pard."
 And so did George. The male ostrich clamped down on the Stetson and plucked it further away from the cowboy.
"That’s it, bird! You wanna wake snakes? Well, now it's on!" Bax threatened. With his free hand, he lunged to reclaim his prized hat only to have it yanked further from his reach while at the same time he was driven back beneath Martha's harrying bites.
 Matthew could only watch and wince as Bax's situation deteriorated exponentially. 
 And then it struck him! "Bax, the egg, put it down!" Matthew called out.
 Bax regarded the ostriches with a smoldering look, but it was clear he knew he was licked. Backed into one corner of the pen, he could only set the egg down in the straw at his feet. Unfortunately the gesture was not enough. The birds continued their attack, leaving him only one option. He hurled himself backwards over the wall and clear of the pen. He was furious as he scrambled to his feet. 
George still held Bax's hat in his beak. The cowboy snatched it away. "Look at that," he groaned.  He held the hat up for Matthew to see, poking his fingers through two new holes. "Damnation! Look at my hat," he said and then fumed to George. "I'll bet I could find plenty of uses for ostrich hide."
 George blinked indifferently at Bax. 
 "Well," Matthew said, "at least they're not mad anymore." 
 Bax just shook his head and turned toward the ramp. "C'mon, pard, let's go get us some lunch."
 Matthew took the carpetbag from the peg on which he'd hung it near the ostrich pen, pausing only long enough to smile sympathetically at the enormous birds as they examined their egg.
 "He didn't really mean that," he whispered to George and Martha.

***

 Lunch passed in a blur, as did much of the remaining day. Cordelia was nowhere to be seen, since she was busy tending to the floating circus' business affairs.
 Late in the afternoon, Matthew and Bax headed to the animal hold and the day's final round of cleaning. The only good thing about it, Matthew thought to himself as he hung the carpetbag back on its hook, was that there was very little work to do compared to the mess they had inherited to begin with.
 Bax saw to the shoveling out of the stalls, while Matthew busied himself doling out the feed.  When they were finished, they stepped to the edge of the main deck and, using a bucket on the end of a rope, they drew water from the river and did the best they could to wash the grime of their labors away. Back in their stateroom, they changed into clean clothes. 
By the time they had finished cleaning up, the sun was riding low in the sky, and dusk was trailing after it. Unwilling to leave the egg alone, Matthew took the carpetbag and followed Bax out onto the deck.
They made their way toward the bow of the steamer where, on the hurricane deck, much of the crew congregated every evening to unwind after a hard day's work. There were tables set up around which folks engaged in cards and various other games, some of which Matthew knew by name, but none of which he knew how to play. 
 A few tentative twangs and strums drifted up from the boiler deck as the M & H’s musicians tuned their instruments. Among the sounds he could identify, Matthew recognized fiddle, mandolin, banjo and guitar. He could also hear a harmonica and a reed instrument of some sort. Soon the band struck up an unfamiliar tune, the music, soft and lilting. The peaceful strains stirred the late evening air like the slow river current. 
 There were twenty or so folding deck chairs set out for those inclined to simply relax. Matthew pulled a chair next to Bax’s and sat down, setting the carpetbag on the deck between his feet.  
"The gallnippers are going to be somethin' fierce under this light, pard."
 "I don't mind."
Bax nodded. Removing his tattered hat, he produced a needle and a length of thread. 
Matthew watched, a bit surprised and a bit impressed by the cowboy's demonstration of needlecraft, as Bax proceeded to stitch his prized hat.
"Something the matter with your hat?" Cordelia asked as she pulled up a chair and joined them. Bax flicked his gaze from his sewing to Cordelia then back, but he didn’t answer.
"George tried to eat his hat," Matthew said, noticing the small paper-wrapped bundle she was carrying.
"Hmmm," was all Cordelia said, as though there were nothing the least bit unusual about it. She then said, "So, is circus life agreeing with the two of you?" 
Matthew couldn't conceal his disappointment. 
Bax arched a brow at her, saying nothing as he sewed. 
Matthew shrugged. "It's more work than I had expected," he said. He refrained from adding that, other than the animals, he had seen nothing circus-like all day. Didn't anyone practice his act while they traveled the river?
"Circus people are a hard working lot, Matthew. But that doesn't mean we don't know how to have fun, which reminds me. I've got something for you." As she spoke, Cordelia held out the paper-wrapped object she'd been holding.
 "What is it?" Matthew asked excitedly.
 "Open it and see."
 Pulling the string that bound the object, Matthew peeled back the brown paper revealing a thick stack of dime novels. 
 "I imagine you've read most of those already,” Cordelia said, “but there are bound to be one or two you've missed."
 "I don't mind. I read them more than once anyw… Oh look! This is one of my favorites!" Matthew held up one of the books. "The Treasure of Blood Canyon."
 To Cordelia, Matthew said, "I love the part where Bax faced off with twenty bandits when he had only one bullet left. He ricocheted his shot off a boulder..."
  Cordelia cut in with an enthusiasm equal to his own. "Which caused the bullet to sever the rope supporting the strongbox full of gold..."
  Matthew nodded vigorously. "Which dropped onto the back end of the cart..." 
  "Which then," Cordelia said with a wave of her hand, "catapulted the strongbox against the post supporting the overhanging miner's shack!"
  Together, she and Matthew delivered the closer. "And that caused the whole building to come crashing down on top of the bandits!"
  While Matthew and Cordelia reminisced, Bax had finished mending his hat. He held it up to the light to examine his handiwork. "Assuming there was even a pinch of truth to that yarn, it sounds to me as though I just made a lucky shot."
 "A lucky shot? I don't think so!" Matthew stated with absolute certainty. He had read enough dime novels written about his own family and their associates - chief among whom was Baxter Fleming - to distinguish with a high degree of certainty the facts from the fictions, even the most outlandish facts.
A particular adventure involving his parents and Bax popped into Matthew’s mind. . "What about The Showdown with Sidewinder Jack?"
Bax thumbed his mustache. "Hmm. I don't know that I recall the specifics of that story." 
Cordelia looked aghast. "How can you not recall Sidewinder Jack? The man's known far and wide as the fastest, deadliest knifehand on three continents!"
"Yeah," Matthew agreed, adding, "How can you not remember shooting out of the air every knife he threw at you?"
Bax regarded them both with a bemused look on his face. "If you aren't two peas in a pod. You both believe everything you read. Those dime novel adventures are just fanciful nonsense writ to make some varmint rich."
Matthew's expression soured. "They are not," he said glumly. 
Cordelia put a hand on Matthew's shoulder. She looked at Bax through steely eyes. "There is one way to prove that Matthew and I are right."
Matthew perked up, instantly curious. Bax's eyes filled with a glint of skepticism. "And how might that be?"
Matthew saw the mischievousness in Cordelia's smile. He watched as she stood up and began to unbutton her jacket. Matthew gawked in amazement, but was quickly blinded as Bax's broad hand clamped down across his eyes. "God almighty, woman, what are you doing?" the cowboy snapped.
Unable to see for himself, Matthew could only listen as, Cordelia, apparently ignoring Bax said. “Now these little darlings aren’t the same ones I use in my act. Those are just a mite oversized for the audience to see and therefore just a bit cumbersome for anything other than exhibition shooting. But these two are my pride and joy.”
“They’re, uh, right fine lookin’ at that,” Bax said.
"So, Bax, what do you say to a friendly little shooting competition?" 
When Bax didn’t reply, Matthew spoke up. “A what?” he asked while he tried to peel Bax's fingers apart in order to see.
"You seem surprised, Bax." Cordelia said.
Bax removed his hand and Matthew, uncertain as to what exactly he’d expected to see, found Cordelia standing there just as before except in each hand she held a pistol: a derringer in her left, a shiny police revolver in her right. Beneath the open front of her unbuttoned jacket, Matthew saw two empty shoulder holsters.
"A test of marksmanship," she said in answer to Matthew's question.
"And exactly what would that prove?" Bax demanded.
"That there is at least some truth to your dime novel exploits, of course."
Bax began to laugh. "What would it prove if I missed with every shot?"
Cordelia, pistols still in hand, crossed her arms. "You're saying you'd throw the contest?"
Bax settled his hat upon his head. "Can't throw a contest I'm not party to, now can I?"
Matthew interpreted the sudden look on Cordelia's face as one of dawning insight. "You're afraid. You're afraid to lose out to me."
Matthew couldn’t believe it. He looked at Bax, but the cowboy only smiled at Cordelia. "Nice try, missy. Playin' on my pride mighta done the trick once upon a time. But this ol' coyot's been tested time and again, and the fact that I'm still kickin' up my heels should be proof enough for you," said Bax as he leaned back in his chair to relax.
Cordelia was unrelenting. "That's not a reason, and you know it. Come on, it'll be fun. I won’t make you look too bad." The last was spoken with a sweet-as-molasses-smile. 
Matthew gave Bax an imploring look.
Bax sighed. "Fine…"
"Yippee!" Matthew cried. 
 Bax gave him a quick look, then to Cordelia said. "But I'm afraid I'm lacking adequate incentive."
Cordelia's expression became one of apprehension. "Such as?"
"Such as the loser cleans the animal hold tomorrow." 
"That's already your job. What's in it for me if I win?"
"The shootin' match is your idea; I reckon braggin' rights should suffice."
For a moment, Cordelia regarded Bax with a curious look. "That's a deal."
Bax got to his feet and said to Matthew, "Pard, run and fetch my rig."


CHAPTER 17


Matthew's heart thundered with excitement. He started to leave but remembered the carpetbag. Bax must have sensed his hesitation, for he exchanged an assuring look and a subtle nod, which was all Matthew needed to know. Confident that the egg would be watched, he raced away as Bax called after him. "And walk back." 
 The deck became increasingly quiet and dark in equal measures as Matthew headed for their stateroom situated on the aft half of the sternwheeler. His pace slowed in direct proportion to his growing wariness. Farther on, he saw a faint pool of light splashed across the deck.  Between him and his destination were the stairs leading up to the next deck. While the stairs blocked his view, Matthew thought the light appeared to be emanating from the general vicinity of their stateroom. It was an unsettling thought considering that they had not left their lamp lit.
  As Matthew passed by the stairwell, there was no light to be seen. "You're imagining things, Matthew Graham," he muttered under his breath. Still, he slowed his pace until he was practically tip-toeing, treading softly as a mouse the remaining distance to the door. Suddenly, he stopped cold in his tracks. The door to the stateroom was ajar and, to Matthew's mind, the darkness within was suddenly a thing alive. I’m not imagining this, he thought.
Matthew brushed his sweaty palms upon his shirt to dry them. Why should a door being slightly ajar - a door he himself could very well have failed to close properly - unnerve him so? He swallowed a knot of apprehension and chanced a look down both lengths of the deck. There was no one near at hand. For some reason, or more accurately, for lack of a pride-saving reason not to, Matthew stepped to the wall. He was careful not to stand directly before the door as he pulled it open. When nothing happened, when no Undertaker Man, no Mr. Dardy, and, most thankfully, no stryvog rushed out to do him in, Matthew cautiously peered into the darkened room. By the light of the moon, he was just able to discern that the room was danger-free. Still, he entered the cramped quarters with caution. 
He was debating lighting the lamp when the twinkle of moonlight on metal caught his eye, revealing Bax's two-holster rig. Forgetting the lamp, Matthew snatched up the rig, surprised at how heavy it was, and turned to leave, anxious to get back to Bax and the others. 
Suddenly, something latched onto his arms! His blood turned ice-cold, and he almost wet his britches. 
"Whoa now, pard, slow it down." 
The ice in Matthew's veins began to thaw, relieved as he recognized Bax's voice.  Matthew was also grateful not to have screamed and especially to have retained control of his bladder. The cowboy seemed not to have noticed the fright he had caused, for he said, "I had a feelin' you would run back. And I said to myself, 'Bax, Miss Nuttle will skin you alive if that boy gets shot totin' your irons.'”
"I, I wasn't going to run with them," Matthew fibbed. 
Bax winked. "Of course not." 
 Matthew handed him the rig and watched the cowboy buckle it about his waist. He tied the rig down and then eased both pistols partially out of their holsters and lowered them back in. He did this a few times, as though testing their readiness to be drawn in a flash.
More than any time before, Matthew had the sense that he was in the presence of his dime novel hero. "I think I should know how to shoot, don't you think so? Will you teach me?" he asked as they started back to the hurricane deck.
 The cowboy gave him a curious look and followed it a nod. "That's something we'll have to clear with your folks, little man."
 Matthew exhaled a long sigh. "I've asked my Pa but I don't think he wants me to learn. He says that the world is changing, that once the frontier is settled, there won't be any need for guns."
 They were several steps further along, when Bax patted Matthew on the back. "I reckon your pa's right, pard. All you need to do is look East to see the shape of things to come." 
 The shape of things to come. Matthew did not like the prospect of that at all.  Just the thought of it reminded him of  all the times Grandpa Milo regaled him with tales of exploration and adventure, stories he always followed up with the lament, Before long we'll be living in a domesticated world, Matthew. One day there won't be a single blank space on the map. Can you imagine a world without the romance of adventure? Believe you me, my boy that will be a world unfit for the likes of us Grahams.
Matthew was drawn out of his funk when Bax said. "Don't look so glum, pard. The West ain't going anywhere anytime soon. Besides, you're a Graham, and I've never known a Graham that didn't get himself into some fix or another. Heck, for that matter, you're still just a pup, and here you are traipsin' off to Death Valley to rescue your folks, with varmints of every stripe - natural and unnatural - doggin' your every step." As he uttered the last words, Bax halted, and a smile slowly lit his face.
"Yes?" Matthew asked.
"Pard, I think you're right. You've got more than a few good reasons to learn how to fend for yourself. We can practice whenever we can find the time. Sound good to you?"
In spite of the fact that he felt like dancing about like a Mexican jumping bean, Matthew heard himself saying, "But what about my parents?"
"All things considered, I suspect they'd rather you learned to handle firearms than not, especially if it might make all the difference in keepin' ourselves twixt here and the Pearly Gates."
Matthew nodded agreement, not that he needed convincing. He could already envision himself in those blank places on the map, discovering strange new lands, beating impossible odds in his quests to find lost treasures and vanquish villainous foes.
 He was still daydreaming when he and Bax rejoined Cordelia and the others. There was a buzz of excitement in the cool river air. It looked to Matthew as if everyone onboard The Aurora was gathered around the hurricane deck to watch the show. Excited murmurings passed among the circus folk once word had spread about Bax's identity. Judging from the chatter, Matthew gleaned that Cordelia was a remarkable pistoleer who, if the murmurs were to be believed, could part a frog's hair from fifty yards away, shooting over her shoulder while taking aim in a looking glass. Her act was apparently the biggest draw of the entire M & H Circus. 
The number of spectators had doubled by the time Matthew and Bax rejoined Cordelia. With the crew came several more lanterns, casting considerably more illumination about the deck. Even so, Matthew didn't think there was enough light to shoot by.  
 Bax leaned against one of the uprights supporting the deck above. "So how're we gonna go about this nonsense?"
 Cordelia smiled. "Simple. The first to miss loses."
 Stewart, who was standing along the deck railing with the others said, "If Mr. Fleming is half as good as his reputation, we could be here 'til sun up."
 Both Bax and Cordelia smiled. Cordelia said, "Let's find out, shall we?" She turned to one of the tables where a card game had been underway until talk of the contest interrupted it. "Johnny, show me what you've got."
 The man grinned and held up a card.Matthew barely had time to recognize it as the ace of hearts before Cordelia drew her pistol and fired. The bullet punched a hole through the card, piercing the red heart.
 "That was amazing!" Matthew exclaimed. He had never before seen anyone shoot so fast and so accurately.  
"Amazing?" said Johnny as he tossed the card away. "That's nothin', kid. Our Miss Cordelia could make that shot holding her pistol with her left foot."
 Cordelia held up her pistol and blew the smoke from the barrel. "He's exaggerating, Matthew. I'd have to use my right foot."
 Matthew laughed at her little joke even though he actually believed that she could shoot using her feet if she wanted to. 
 "You're turn, Bax," she said to the cowboy. "Johnny, give the man a target." 
 Matthew watched as Johnny held up the next card. Two shots rang out. 
 "Whoo-hoo!" Someone from the gathered crew exclaimed. "Looky there! The two of clubs, and he plugged 'em both."
 Bax cast a wink at Matthew. "I have no intention of shoveling critter crud after today." 
 Matthew, while he had been impressed by Cordelia's shot, was doubly so with Bax's.
Cordelia smiled and gave Bax an approving nod. "Not bad, Mr. Fleming, not bad at all. Of course that isn't exactly what I call shooting cards." She looked at Johnny and gestured with her hand as if turning an imaginary faucet. The card holder smiled knowingly. He drew another card from the pile in front of him. He held it up and turned it so that the edge of it was facing Cordelia. 
 Cordelia's hand started for her pistol when Matthew had to ask, "You can hit that?" For some reason, even as he’d uttered what seemed a perfectly reasonable question, he almost felt silly for asking. 
Cordelia cleared leather, smiled, and took aim on the edge of the playing card. "Sure I can unless ol' Johnny gets the shakes." She squeezed the trigger, the gun barked, and the top half of the card fell away. Johnny remained as still as stone.  
  Cordelia holstered her pistol "Your turn, Bax," she said with a sweep of her slender hand as she moved aside.
Bax stepped up, scratching his chin whiskers. He gave Johnny a nod. But when the card player held the next card up, edge to Bax, the cowboy said, "Toss it."
Johnny blinked. "Toss it? Where?"
"Straight up."
Matthew followed Johnny's glance to Cordelia. She looked as curious as Matthew. "You heard the man," she said.
 Johnny eyed Bax. "Suit yerself." He flicked the card straight up. All eyes followed it as is arced wispily through the night air, flipping sharply, unpredictably one way and then another at the edge of the lantern light.
 In the space of two heartbeats, Matthew sensed the competition was about to end, and that he and Bax would be busy with the shovels tomorrow. Then, just as the card flitted toward the deck, Bax fired. The card continued its descent, but it did so now in two pieces. 
Matthew cast a glance at Bax as the cowboy twirled his six-shooter and holstered it in one fluid motion.
 Just beyond Bax, Matthew saw Cordelia begin to clap her hands. She was smiling broadly, clearly impressed with Bax's marksmanship. “Bravo,” she said, "bravo."   
 Matthew and the crew joined the applause as Bax took a theatrical bow.
 Still clapping, Cordelia said. "However, the difficult shots are yet to come."
 Matthew couldn't imagine anything more difficult than the shots Bax and Cordelia had already made. This contest had all the makings of a dime novel story. Who knows? he thought to himself, Maybe one day after we rescue my family, I'll write it all down.
As Matthew ended his woolgathering, he saw that the next bit of the contest was being decided. 
 Cordelia had holstered her pistol. She had her hands on her hips and was looking about the surrounding deck. She seemed to be considering their next challenge. Finally, she snapped her fingers and said, "I know just the thing."
 She spoke with such confidence that Matthew was again seized by a vision of himself and Bax working the animal deck.
 Cordelia stepped close to Stewart and reached into his vest pocket. When she drew back her hand, she was holding a matchbox. "Mind if I borrow these, Stew?" 
 A spark of interest blazed in the foreman's eyes. "He’p yourself."
 Matthew looked questioningly at Bax, whose only response was a slight shrug of his shoulders. Cordelia took a match from the box, handed it to Bax and said, "Look it over, so you’ll know I'm not up to any chicanery."
Bax turned the match over in his palm. "Seems like a plain ol' match to me." He handed it back to her. 
 She passed the match back to Stewart and instructed him to hold it out at arm’s length. Keeping her eyes fixed on the match, she took a dozen steps back and stopped. 
"Are you going to shoot the tip of the match off?" Matthew had to ask.
Cordelia smiled. "Too easy. Just watch and you'll see." Cordelia took a deep breath, and then slowly exhaled it. The deck became deathly quiet. In a sudden blur of motion, she drew and fired. The match head flared to life!
Matthew couldn't believe his eyes. One look at Bax and he could see that the cowboy was equally amazed, yet there wasn't a trace of doubt or defeat in Bax's face. 
"Stewart...."
The circus foreman held a second match aloft.
Bax flexed his fingers, paused to focus, and then drew Mani, the night pistol, and fired. Just as with Cordelia's, flame blossomed atop his match. Again, the spectators applauded, Cordelia was among them. Everyone, it seemed, appreciated a close contest. So far this one was dead even. Matthew marveled at the skill of both marksmen. He had the sense that exhibitions of this caliber happened very rarely, and he couldn't help appreciating being a witness to it. 
Cordelia patted Bax on the shoulder as she passed by him. "I have a feeling we're going to have to up the intricacies of our contest if one of us is going to win." She took the box of matches from Stewart. To Bax she added, "And I think I know just how to do it.
"Grab the end of that rope if you would," she said to Bax. She was pointing to a length of rope strewn along the base of the railing. Bax lifted one end, Cordelia the other. She explained her intention, and, before long, she and Bax had wound the rope over and under the railing, securing both ends by tying them to their respective uprights. 
Matthew looked on without a clue as to what was to follow, until Cordelia moved to one of the rope ends and wedged a matchstick between the twisted strands, standing the match on end. She repeated this twenty three more times, spacing the matches a foot or so apart along the length of the rope. When she finished, she stepped back next to Bax and admired her handiwork.
"Don't seem to be any more difficult to me," pronounced one of the spectators.
"Oh, but it is," Cordelia said. "We'll start at opposite ends of the rope, lighting each match as we work toward the center. The first one to light twelve matches without missing wins the contest." She looked to Bax. "Does that suit you?"
"Suits me just fine," Bax replied. "Just say when."
“Stewart,” Cordelia said, “do you have your pistol with you?”
“Always,” the older man replied and smiled as he drew a derringer from one of his pockets. 
Matthew gathered up the carpetbag and moved to the edge of the crowd.  Bax and Cordelia took their places before the targets. This was going to be loud, he thought. He had half a mind to set the carpetbag on one of the chairs, so both of his hands would be free to cover his ears once the shooting commenced. 
  He decided against doing so, just as Stewart raised the derringer high and fired it into the night sky. At the sound, Bax’s and Cordelia’s weapons roared to life, each shot sounding louder than the last. With each blast, a match flamed. Shot after shot, match after match, both Bax and Cordelia worked with seemingly equal speed and precision until…
Cordelia's twelfth match flickered to life. Matthew could not believe it. Nor it seemed, could Bax. The cowboy squeezed the triggers of his Colts – both of which had long ago been converted to double-action - several more times. The hammers clicked on empty chambers. Finally, looking resigned to his defeat, he stopped.
"Hmph," Bax holstered his pistols. "Looks like you w…" His words were interrupted by the thundering of gunfire; loud and close to hand! "Someone's shooting at us!"

CHAPTER 18


Everyone bolted for cover; taking refuge behind hastily overturned tables, sundry crates and bundles, as well as the lifeboat lashed to the portside railing, and anything else big enough to offer protection.
Matthew did a double take as he watched Bax pause to pick something up off the deck and stuff it into a shirt pocket before taking cover.
Clutching the carpetbag, Matthew started in Bax's direction. Several bullets ripped into the deck at his feet. He faltered, shielding his eyes against the flying splinters. Suddenly Bax was there, sweeping him up and bounding across the open expanse of the deck for the shelter of several bales of hay stowed neatly against the wall.
"Are you hurt?" Bax asked as they hunkered down behind the hay bales.
Matthew shook his head. The gunfire continued.  Lead zinged all around them. Bax turned his attention to his Colts. He broke open the cylinder of each and dumped the empty casings from each gun. He proceeded to slide fresh rounds into the chambers. 
As Matthew looked on, he had a revelation of sorts. "Hey! I just realized something," he exclaimed.
"Uh-hunh, what's that, pard?" Bax asked distractedly, his focus split between reloading his pistols and peeking out from behind their shelter in an effort to get a bead on their attackers.
"You didn't miss."
"That's nice," he replied as he inserted a bullet into the last empty chamber and leaned around the edge of the bales in search of a target.
Matthew nodded. "The two of clubs."
Bax sat back. "The what?" 
Matthew held up two fingers. "You shot that card twice. You didn’t reload afterwards. That means you were a bullet short during the last part of the contest."
Bax's expression briefly clouded as though he wasn’t quite sure what Matthew was talking about. He barely even blinked when a bullet pinged off the lamp casing on the wall above and behind them and ricocheted into the night. 
"That was close," Matthew said. He leaned to one side to peep around and see, but the cowboy drew him back. 
"Stay put," Bax said, then added. "Keep that egg close to you." 
Matthew nodded. "Okay."
Bax, with both Mani and Sol in hand, leaned back against the bales, took several calming breaths then rolled out into the open, firing both pistols. Matthew couldn't tell where Bax was aiming, but he knew it to be in the general direction of the pilot house, above and behind them. He watched as Bax scrambled to his feet. With both guns blazing, the cowboy started toward the far side of the deck. 
 "Do what?" Bax's voice rang out. "No. Stay put I’ll… ah, dad blame it!" 
 Matthew, keeping himself behind the bales, scooted to where Bax had been sitting and cautiously looked to see what was happening. He had barely stuck his head around the protective cover when Bax reappeared, almost running him over as he dove for cover. On his heels came Cordelia. She hurled herself amongst the bales as a volley of gunshots peppered the nearby railing, shattering several of the thin uprights.
 "They're putting a hurtin' on my boat!" Cordelia growled. "Are these friends of yours?" 
"And here the little man and I were thinkin' they were one of your circus acts," Bax replied.
 Cordelia gave him a sour look. "Facetiousness, very funny. Don't make me shoot you before our mystery guests do."
 Bax tipped his hat to her. 
 "Well, whoever they are, "Cordelia said, "it looks as though my people have them in check."
That did seem to be the case, Matthew thought. The gun fight had been joined on both sides with Cordelia's circus and steamer crews doling out as much lead as they were receiving. 
 Matthew had the terrible confidence that the attackers were after him, Bax, and the egg. It was that same dread confidence that diverted his eyes to the night sky, the direction from which the stryvog were sure to come.
 "We need to get behind them," Bax said," to box 'em in."
 "Easy enough," Cordelia said. She pointed to the railing at their backs. "Over the edge to the deck below"
"And come back up on the other side." Bax grinned and nodded. "Simple, but cunning. Let's do it."  
 With bullets plying the air, the three of them moved to the railing, making certain to keep the baled cargo between themselves and the gunmen. Matthew peered over the edge; the main deck was swimming in shadow. He gave Bax an uneasy look and with a shake of his head said, "I don’t want to go first."
Bax patted him on the shoulder. "Don’t fret none, pard, I'll…" 
Cordelia interrupted him. "I'll go first. You help Matthew down to me."
Without waiting for comment, Cordelia wedged herself between the wide uprights of the railing and dropped into the darkness below. Matthew heard the soft click of her boots as she landed. 
Bax scooted to the railing and regarded the narrow gap through which Cordelia and gone. "How am I supposed squeeze through that?" 
"You could hop over it," Matthew said.
"And catch lead in the process? Nah, I'll figure something out. First things first though. Let's get you down there."
"Hey! What are you waiting for?" Cordelia’s sharp whisper rose up to them.
Bax poked his head over the edge. "How about un-bunchin’ your knickers?"
"What?" 
Bax waved her off and turned to Matthew. "I'll lower you first, then the egg."
Matthew set the carpetbag down and worked his way through the uprights. As the cowboy took hold of his hands, Matthew had to ask him. "Bax, if Mr. Dardy sent these men after us, where are the stryvog?"  
Bax arched an eyebrow. "Careful, pard. Speak of the devil, and he shall appear."
"The devil yes, but…"
Bax smirked. ".. or stryvog," he said, as he dangled Matthew over the edge and began to lower him.
Looking up, Matthew said. "I think I'd prefer the devil."
Bax stopped lowering him. "Why's that?"
"There is only one of him."
"You've got a point there, little man."
Cordelia, her voice impatient, said, "Keep on gabbing while they put enough lead in my boat to sink her."
 Bax lowered him as far as he could reach. 
"It's about time," Cordelia said. "I've got him." Matthew felt Cordelia's hands on his ankles, directing him slightly to one side. "You can let go," she called up to Bax. 
The cowboy released him, and Matthew's stomach twisted as he began to fall but only for a few inches. 
 "There you go, Matthew," Cordelia said. She had helped him down, directing his feet not to the floor he realized, but rather to a tarpaulin-covered mound of hay bales.
 "Thank you," he said as he prepared to hop down to the floor.
 "Pssst!" It was Bax. Matthew looked up to see the silhouette of the cowboy's upper body leaning over the edge. "Can you reach the bag?"
 Matthew stretched his arms upward until his fingers touched the coarse weave. "Yes, you can let it go." Bag in hand, he carefully climbed down off the piled hay. 
He wondered how Bax’s would fit between the uprights; however, the thought abandoned him when it occurred to him that everything had fallen quiet. 
 The thought that the bad guys had been beaten, however, was shattered by a thunderous salvo of gunfire, a concentrated volley evident by the hail of bullets ripping by overhead, reducing the railing and its uprights to toothpicks. 
 "Look out below," Bax called out. 
 Matthew barely glimpsed Bax's dark shape against the starry sky before Cordelia yanked him to one side, just as Bax landed heavily, right where Matthew had been standing.
 "That was close," Bax gasped, still crouched where he had landed. 
 "Yes it was," she replied curtly.
 Bax looked genuinely mystified. "What?" 
 "You almost squashed poor Matthew, that's what."
 "The boy’s just fine."
 Even in the half-light, Matthew thought Bax looked offended. "He's right," Matthew offered
"He's a clod," Cordelia said as she took Matthew by the hand and led him away.
As if surrendering, Bax threw up his hands and he followed. "You did notice the bullets, didn't you? It ain't like you can stop and reason with 'em once they're flyin'." 
Midship they came across the Gravinski brothers, two whom were armed with pistols, the third with a scatter gun. There was a fourth man with them, bound and gagged on the floor.
 "Is that one of the shooters?" Cordelia demanded.
 "No," said one of the brothers, Peter, if Matthew remembered correctly. "But he is with them."
 "We were headed topside to see what was happening when we caught this scalawag trying to set this," said Philip, the second brother. He tossed something to Cordelia.
Matthew recognized the object even before she caught it. 
"Dynamite," she said. Her pretty features darkened, and she stepped over to the bound prisoner. "You want to blow up my boat?"
The man said nothing, his eyes locked on the deck.
"How much more of this is there?"
 When the man made no answer, Bax stepped over and, bending down, gripped the recalcitrant man's jaw, forcing him to look at Cordelia. "Answer the lady."
  The captive's eyes were like dark ice. "More than you have time to find, wench."
Bax wrenched the man’s head around, forcing him to meet his eyes. “Where is the rest of it?” He demanded. “Where…”  Cordelia stopped him with a wave of a hand. 
She held the bundled sticks of dynamite up to view in the light from a nearby lamp. She made a show of examining the fuse. "I have to admit I don't know much of anything about explosives,” she said. "I wonder if this is one of those slow burning fuses or one of the fast ones?" she said, having directed the question to Bax. 
"How should I know?"
“Hmmm.” Cordelia turned back to the would-be bomber "I suppose you would know, seeing as how it's your dynamite."
 Matthew wasn't surprised when the man didn't answer. 
  Cordelia gave an indifferent shrug of her shoulders. She then reached down, lifted the hem of her skirt and, drew a knife from the neck of her boot. Matthew and the others watched as she proceeded to cut the fuse in half with one quick slash of the knife. "Well, look at that. I suppose it is a fast burning fuse." She then patted her pockets, frowned, and then said to Bax, "Matches?"
Bax simply shook his head, looking both intrigued and wary.
Cordelia sighed. Stewart had matches and, for a moment, Matthew half expected to be lifted to the deck above to find them. Then, however, Cordelia snapped her fingers. "Never mind," she said as she walked past the prisoner.
Matthew noted the uneasiness working its way into the prisoner's expression. The man's voice was equally disquieted when he said, "Lady, I don’t know what you think you…"
Cordelia ignored the man. She stopped before the nearest brass lamp and opened the glass pane. Matthew's heart gave an extra beat as Cordelia held the end of the fuse to the flame. The result was instantaneous. With a sizzling hiss the fuse was lit. A bright spark snapped and crackled, creating a tail of smoke as it consumed the fuse, moving closer and closer to the explosives.
Fighting the urge to run, Matthew was unconscious of himself inching closer to Bax until he bumped into the cowboy. He looked up to find that Bax had paled a shade. "What is she doing?" Matthew whispered urgently. 
Without tearing his eyes away from Cordelia, Bax shook his head slowly and said. "Pard, I think she's plum loco."
"Mr. Fleming, instead of just standing there flapping your jaws, would you help this gentleman to his feet?"
  Once Bax had the prisoner standing, Cordelia tucked the dynamite into the backside of the man's britches. Terror filled his eyes. "He's right! You are crazy!"
  Cordelia ignored the remark. "If my boat gets blown up, it will be after you, unless you answer my question.”
  The prisoner didn't seem to be listening. His head was turned sharply, his panicked gaze fixed on the burning fuse. He exclaimed," Fine, I'll talk. Just put that fuse out!"
  Bax started forward, but Cordelia waved him back. "After you tell me what I want to know." She paused for a moment, then added. "And you're running out of time, mister."
  Beads of sweat sprung up on the man's forehead.  "The boiler room. The rest of the TNT is down there. That's where I was headed when your men stopped me."     
 Cordelia regarded the man as though she had all the time in the world to do so. Finally she nodded and began to reach for the fuse, which had burned a third of the way to the dynamite. This time it was Bax who signaled, No. 
  "Were you after me and the boy? Are your worki...."
  "Bax," Cordelia interrupted. "There's dynamite in my boiler room. Don't you think we can finish this conversation later?"
  "Go on. Don't wait for me and the boy."
  Cordelia gave a satisfied nod, turned to go, but then stopped. "Don't forget," she said pointing to the perilously short fuse. She raced toward the door at an all-out run, the folds of her dress fluttering at her heels.
 Bax stared down at the man. "Who are you working for? Mr. Dardy? The other man from the train?"
  The captive gave Bax a dismissive look. "The who?"
  "He looks like an undertaker," Matthew interjected. Bax gave him a slight wave of his hand, signaling him to stay out of the matter.
 The prisoner seemed about to comment, but before he could, The Aurora was rocked by a powerful explosion that set everyone to stumbling. Matthew thought both of his feet had actually been lifted off the deck. 
 He looked and saw Cordelia; she had not quite reached the door. She too was regaining her balance, her expression stricken.  "The animals!" she cried and, without looking back, she disappeared through the door and out onto the deck.
Over the dwindling rumble of the explosion, Matthew recognized the click of a pistol hammer being cocked. "He works for me," said a chillingly familiar voice. 
Matthew slowly turned to find Bax, hands aloft, held at gunpoint by the Undertaker Man. A blood stained cloth was wrapped around the tall, gangly man's left shoulder, the arm beneath supported by an equally blood-soaked sling.  Keeping his pistol trained on Bax, the Undertaker Man reached behind his associate’s back and plucked the burning fuse from the TNT and tossed it to the floor where it harmlessly burned itself out.
The Undertaker Man's eyes darted in Matthew's direction. He gestured with the gun. "Move it, over by your friend."
Swallowing a lump in his throat, Matthew stepped slowly to Bax's side.
"Now then," the Undertaker Man said. "The fireworks have begun so we're a little pressed for time. Unless you want to be here when this boat is blown to smithereens, you'll tell me where the egg is."
Bax regarded the man coolly. "Fine," he said.
Matthew couldn't believe his ears. He started to protest when Bax said, "It's in the boiler room." 
The Undertaker Man drew back as though slapped, his eyes widening with dread. "You lie!"
Bax looked wounded. "I'll have you know I never lie unless I'm not telling the truth." 
“That’s true,” Matthew piped up.  “I’ve read all the dime novels about him.”
The Undertaker Man bestowed a snarl of disgust on Matthew, and then to Bax said. "You wouldn't let it out of your sight. Even an ignorant cowpoke like you wouldn't be fool enough to place the egg in such a dangerous place." 
Unfazed by the insult, Bax said. "It's going to hatch. The boiler room is hot. Seemed like the best place to hatch an egg if you ask me.”
Worry clouded the Undertaker Man's pale eyes. He cast a quick look at his lackey, still bound and sitting on the floor.  "Get up. Get to the boiler room and find that egg!"
With his hands tied behind his back, the man got to his feet with some effort. "But boss, this place is gonna be nothin' but kindlin' at any moment."
Cold fury bubbled in the Undertaker Man's eyes. "Then I'll get it myself.” He turned the pistol on his cohort and fired. The man died, his face a mask of disbelief.  
"Now for you," the Undertaker Man announced as he brought the pistol to bear on Bax. He pulled the trigger just as a second explosion sent a shudder through the sternwheeler. The shot careened wildly toward the ceiling. 
Bax tackled the Undertaker Man, knocking him to the ground. The man screamed in agony as his wounded arm and shoulder took the brunt of the impact. His pistol flew from his grip and clattered upon the floor. 
Bax was on his feet again, hefting the Undertaker Man by the vest. He planted a solid right to the man’s jaw, knocking him unconscious. 
Matthew stepped to Bax's side. The cowboy was rummaging through the Undertaker Man's pockets. "What are you looking for?" 
"Something, anything to identify who we're dealing with. Once we know that, we might be able to start turning the tables on these varmints." A smile lit Bax's face as his hand came away with a piece of paper. 
"That looks like a telegram," Matthew said as Bax unfolded it.
"It is, but… confound it all." 
"What? What is it?"
"It's in a foreign language." 
"What language?" 
"I don't know, pard. Looks like something from Eastern Europe, but I can't be sure."
A third explosion, more violent than the previous two, cracked the night. 
"The egg!" they said as one. They hurried toward the door through which Cordelia had left. Bax snatched up the Undertaker Man's pistol as they went. 
  "What about him?" Matthew asked, looking back from the exit. 
"No time to deal with him now. We've got to get that egg and get ourselves off this boat before the boiler actually does blow."  
Stepping out onto the deck was like entering a whole other world. Smoke billowed from rents in the wall which, combined with the dark of night, reduced visibility to but a few feet in either direction. Through the smoky veil, Matthew could hear the urgent voices of The Aurora's crew as they tried to save their home. He could also hear the terrified cries of the circus animals in their cages.  
"This way," Bax said taking him by the hand and heading aft toward their stateroom. They had taken only a few steps into the smoke when they ran out of floor. Bax managed to come to a teetering halt, barely keeping them from falling into the gap. One of the explosions had obliterated the wall to their left and, with it, a portion of the promenade at least five feet across. 
"We don't have time to go around," Bax said while studying the empty expanse.
"I can't jump that far," Matthew insisted.
Bax nodded. "No need, little man." He squatted down between Matthew and the gap.  He interlocked his fingers, holding them out like a stirrup. "Put your foot here."
"Why?" Matthew asked, even as he did as Bax had instructed. 
By way of an answer, Bax sprang to his feet, lifting Matthew as he did so, sending him flying over his shoulders and over the hole in the promenade.
Matthew landed gracelessly before his mind caught up with what had just happened.  “Move," Bax called to him. 
The smoke parted just enough for Matthew to see that Bax had taken several steps back from the precipice. Following a deep breath, the cowboy sprinted to the edge and leaped into the gulf. He landed almost exactly where Matthew had landed.
They continued on toward their stateroom, though much more conscious of their immediate surroundings. At the door, Matthew reached to open it. "Ouch!" He drew his hand back. "The doorknob is hot!" 
  "No wonder," replied the cowboy. "Look." He pointed to the gap at the bottom of the door, and Matthew saw a flickering orange glow. 
"Our stuff! The egg! It's all going to burn!" Matthew exclaimed. He thought, It may be too late already! And if so, what would become of his parents?
Bax gently pushed him against the wall, several feet down from the door. "Stay here," he said. He then positioned himself to one side of the door and kicked it in. Flames lashed out hungrily, but briefly. As they died down, Bax tied his bandana over his nose and mouth and stepped into the room.
Without thinking, Matthew hurried to the broken down door and cautiously peered into the room. It wasn't the inferno he had feared; there seemed to be more smoke than fire. It stung his eyes, causing them to water something fierce, but he barely had time to dwell on it before first one, then several dark shapes burst from the smoke, almost taking his head off in the process. 
The Stryvog! He dropped to the deck in an attempt to evade their clutches. Did they have the egg! What about Bax? Heart pounding, Matthew rolled to get clear of the opening. He hadn't gotten far when one of the creatures dropped heavily upon his chest. He screamed and shoved the creature away, sending the dark form back toward the stateroom. 
In spite of his smoke-blurred vision, he saw Bax step from the burning room only to catch the stryvog as it struck him in the chest. The cowboy then uttered the most unexpected thing. "Easy now, pard. It doesn’t do much good to be savin' our things if you're gonna turn around and toss ‘em back into the fire now does it?"
"Huh?" Matthew rubbed the last of the stinging smoke from his eyes and was surprised to see Bax holding, not a stryvog, but one of their carpetbags. "Oh. Oh, I thought… I thought they were stryvog," he said, indicating the small pile of bags as he got to his feet.
Bax smiled. "Lucky for us they weren't, or we'd likely be done in and they'd have gotten this." He held up the carpetbag containing the egg. 
Matthew accepted the bag. He opened it and inspected the precious content. 
"How's it look?" Bax asked.  
"It looks okay." It did not appear broken. There were no breaks in the shell, no yolk seeping out but, in the feeble light, it did appear to Matthew that the mottled gray shell was laced by a spider’s webbing of fresh, hairline cracks. "I think it's going to hatch pretty soon."
Bax had been checking the loads in his six-guns. Apparently satisfied, he holstered them. He nodded. "Let's hope it's later than sooner. We need to get off this floating zoo before it's too late." 
"What about Cordelia? What about her crew and the animals?"
Bax gathered up the bags, all save the egg bag which Matthew saw to himself. "First things first and that means gettin' you and that over-sized crackleberry out of harm's way."
A fourth, and then a fifth explosion rattled The Aurora. Bax, his expression taut, continued, "and that means getting you off this tub, muy pronto."
"But Cordelia and…"
"I'll do what I can, pard. That's a promise. Now let's go. Time's a wastin'." 
Matthew followed Bax along the deck, through the thickening smoke until they came to one of the sternwheeler's yawls. Matthew was a bit surprised that no one had launched either one of the small lifeboats by now. Bax stepped to the side of the boat and lifted the tarpaulin. "Climb in there and lay low. I'll be back in a tick."
"But what if someone wants to put the boat in the river?" 
That gave Bax a pause, "Good point," he said. He looked around and Matthew followed his gaze until it came to rest upon a group of barrels and crates stowed against the wall. "I've got a better idea. Come on!"
Bax set their bags down behind a crate and, making certain they weren't being observed, opened one of the barrels. It was full of animal feed. He tipped it over and the grain washed over the deck with a dry hiss. Righting the barrel, he said, "Climb in. You'll be safe enough here 'til I get back."  
Matthew frowned. Hiding in a barrel was not his idea of being adventuresome. 
"Pard?" Bax said, pointing impatiently to the opening.
"Oh, all right," Matthew huffed. He handed Bax the carpetbag and climbed in.
Bax handed him the bag. "I'm going to set this lid back, but I'll leave it skewed so you can get air." 
Matthew nodded as Bax replaced the lid, leaving a faint crescent of intermittent light given off by the burning riverboat.
"I'll be back," the cowboy promised. 
Matthew listened as the click-clack of Bax's boots faded away in the direction of the animal hold. Lifting the lid, he peered out from the barrel. "Hide in a barrel," he muttered. "I don't think so." He shoved the lid away, and it clattered to the deck, but just as he stood up and started to climb out of the barrel, the river steamer issued a long, agonized groan. It sounded to Matthew as if the mighty sternwheeler was being bent in half.
No, not bent in half… torn in half! he thought as the deck suddenly buckled and began to tilt at a odd angle. The barrel in which he was standing began to slide, just a little at first, but then more and more in starts and stops. He could not jump from the barrel without risking damage to the egg and leaving it behind was out of the question. 
The deck tilted even more sharply.  The barrel slid again, and this time it did not stop. The nearby barrels and crates, as well as the bags and satchels Bax had hidden behind them, were also on the move. Matthew ducked back down into the barrel, wrapping his arms around the egg to shield it, yet not so tightly as to break it.
He heard the scrape of the barrel upon the planks as it picked up speed. He felt the jolting impacts of the other crates and barrels as they bumped and bounced against his. It was then that the barrel tipped over completely, no longer sliding, it began to roll down the canted deck. 
Between the deafening clatter and the dizzying spin, Matthew felt as if he were caught up in a cyclone. Several times his head whacked sharply against the inside of the barrel and he thought the egg had flown from his grasp. The rest of the time he felt certain that he had unintentionally crushed the egg.
Everything fell still and silent. A sense of weightlessness enveloped the barrel. At the end of the protracted instant that the feeling came over him, it abandoned him with a nauseating lurch. He felt the barrel plummet. There was a splash. Water rushed into the barrel with him, soaking him, but the barrel did not sink. It bobbed upward and, to Matthew, felt as though it was spinning and twirling upon the water like a top.
"I've got you!" Matthew recognized Bax's voice even as the cowboy reached in and plucked him bodily from the barrel.
Dizzy, Matthew found himself standing with Bax atop a small mountain of boxes, crates, barrels and bales. To either side of them, the deck reached up toward the night sky at impossible angles. Matthew pulled his wits together enough to double check the egg. Miraculously, it appeared less the worse for wear than he himself felt. “Where are we?”
"Somewhere amidship," Bax said. "We're as good as sunk, little man."
"Cordelia!" Matthew exclaimed.
"I'm sure she's fine, pard. But we've got to…"
Matthew gave his head an emphatic shake. "No. There!" He pointed behind and above Bax.
Neither of them seemed capable of moving. They stared fixated at the onrushing spectacle, a living landslide like something straight out of Noah's ark - tusks and feathers, stripes and spots, hoots and roars and trumpeting. And there, at the forefront, half sliding, half running was Cordelia McKenna with the animal-avalanche bearing down on her with crushing inevitability.
 "Move! Move! Move! Run!" she cried, waving one hand at them in warning and holding her skirts up with the other to keep from tripping. 
Matthew glanced at Bax. The mountain of crates and bales upon which they stood was nestled in the water-filled crook of the broken ship. "Run where?" Bax asked. Even as he posed the question, more cargo from the bow of the steamer rained dangerously around them. 
"What about the river?" Matthew asked. They were practically in it already; it lapped and churned all around their tiny patchwork island. He wondered how deep the river was. He knew enough about riverboats to know that they could pass comfortably through water only two feet deep; he knew also that they were capable of climbing over sandbars and other hazards of the river. Still in all, they were out in the middle and the river could be deep by turns.
Bax shook his head. He pulled Matthew to one side, narrowly avoiding a loose mallet as it landed at his feet.  "That's where the zoo is going to end up, pard. We'd be trampled and drowned at the same time." Even as he talked, the cowboy was starting to climb, using the deck railing like a ladder. He reached back. "Give me your hand, pard."
He leant Matthew a hand, lifting him up until he was able to lay hold of the railing. As he breathed a sigh of relief, Matthew’s eyes were draw by something bright sliding past them, a lantern. Bax saw it too; he tried to grab it but missed. They watched it land upon the pile where it shattered, setting the jumbled mess of crates and barrels ablaze. 
Matthew immediately looked to the back half of the sternwheeler where Cordelia was fast running out of deck. He watched in horror. She was heading straight for the fiery nexus with the frightened menagerie still dogging her heels.  She was trapped! In another few seconds, it would be too late for her. 
With one arm looped around the rail, still clutching the carpetbag and the egg in it with one hand, Matthew pointed across the way. "Bax, the hoist!"
 The cowboy looked, nodded, drew a six-gun, and took aim at the hoist near the gangway. Matthew saw Cordelia's eyes widen; she was close to the hoist herself. "Watch where you're pointing that thing!" she cried, even as she lost her footing entirely and began a final, uncontrolled slide toward her doom. 
  Bax ignored her and fired. The bullet severed the rope just above the iron hook. The hook clanked once as it bounced from the slanted deck into the burning flotsam. Now unbound, the rope swung freely over the deck, passing directly in front of Cordelia. She understood immediately and grabbed hold of it. Her momentum carried her forward, swinging her out over the fire toward the front half of the riverboat just as the circus animal landslide would have overrun her.
  Bax quickly holstered his gun and reached out to seize Cordelia’s outstretched hand as she swung close. Their fingers came to within inches on each other. Time seemed to stop just before Cordelia was carried back out across the chasm.
Below, the animals slammed into the burning objects. The first to hit were the elephants which was a good thing for all concerned. The great weight of the African giants sent the pile, flames and all, scattering. One after another, the rest of the animals piled into the gap. 
Cordelia swung slowly back and forth watching as her circus scattered to the winds. "Swing with your legs!" Bax said, waving her over. She shook her head, as though clearing it of distraction and began to swing again in ever increasing arcs. "Almost there," Bax said. 
It was then that the once mighty riverboat began to shudder fiercely, threatening to come apart at the seams. The sounds of breaking glass and snapping timbers could be heard from all corners of the doomed vessel. 
The smoke from the burning boat clouded the already dark night, but amid the growing clamor, Matthew could hear the voices of the circus crew and the splashes the people made as they leaped into the black waters. 
"Got you!" Bax said as his and Cordelia's hands came together. She let go of the rope, and Bax's arm delivered her to the railing just below him.
Something exploded far overhead, near the bow of The Aurora. Mathew and the others looked up and saw great plumes of heat and fury billow out from various portholes and doors. Bits of glass and splintered wood showered downward. 
Matthew looked back to Bax. "Why are we climbing up?"
Bax shrugged. "Good question." 
"Come on," Cordelia said. "The boiler hasn't blown yet, and believe you me, we don't want to be here when it does." With that pronouncement, she leaped over the railing into the calmly ambivalent river. 
"You heard the lady," Bax said to Matthew. "After you, pard."
"Jumping into rivers must be habit forming," Matthew said with a bravado he didn't really feel. 
Bax gave him a lopsided grin. "At this rate, we’re bound to become experts."
Another explosion ripped through the boat; it felt much closer than its predecessor. With no time to worry about the egg, Matthew clutched the bag and launched himself out over the river. He felt his stomach as it climbed up into his throat right before he hit the water.
He surfaced just as Bax splashed down a few feet away. All around them, visible in the fiery glow, the surface of the slow moving river was strewn with flotsam and jetsam; the wreckage of The Aurora. Not far off, Matthew spied the riverbank. Already many of Cordelia's people and many of the animals were dragging themselves ashore. 
"Is everyone all right?" Bax asked.
Matthew nodded and wiped water from his face. He still had hold of the carpetbag, which bobbed gently on the surface next to him.
When Cordelia didn't answer, they looked and saw her staring up at her beloved riverboat. Wet strands of her dark hair clung about her face. Matthew couldn't be sure, but he thought that she was crying. He didn't ask, for her expression was so pained, so sad, that he too felt like crying.
"All right," Bax said. "Let's get to shore. Swimmin' here 'til we turn into fish won't do…"
Bax's words were drowned out by what could only be the boiler exploding. The only way Matthew could describe it was as if all the fireworks from every Independence Day celebration there had ever been had been were set off all at once. The explosion tore the sternwheeler apart like a kernel of popping corn. The pilot house, the tall stacks, pieces of decking, pieces of hull, all of it and more, was blown outward in every direction. The shockwave struck the river like a hammer, and Matthew could feel it deep down in his bones. Burning shards of wood, steel, and glass screamed through the night sky, shrieking in their flight. Matthew was terrifyingly aware of several large pieces of the obliterated riverboat as they came to within inches of hitting him, Bax, and Cordelia.


CHAPTER 19


Dawn was breaking and Cordelia still sat alone on the riverbank, staring out at the mangled, smoldering ends of The Aurora which jutted up from their shallow, watery grave like tipsy tombstones. She had not moved from the moment they had reached dry land.

"Is she all right?" Matthew asked Bax. They were sitting on the slope where it met the tree line. Up and down the bank, the circus folk and the steamer crew were assessing their situation. The animals had been rounded up and herded into makeshift pens and corrals constructed from scavenged tree limbs and saplings and even boards and planking from the riverboat. From among the debris that had washed ashore, someone had found several lengths of rope that, with makeshift stakes, were used to picket the elephants and other large animals.
"I reckon so, pard," Bax replied. He was quietly sitting on the ground, trying to work some shape back into his poor hat. "She just needs a little time."
After a moment, Matthew placed the carpetbag between them and opened it. "The cracks are spreading," he stated. "It won't be long now."
Bax leaned over and regarded the egg. "I've seen chickens hatch, grow old, and keel over faster'n this thing is hatching." He turned his attention back to his hat.
Matthew sighed and settled back on his elbows. He looked east, across the placid waters, through the lazy river fog, and admired the rosy sunrise. "What do we do now?"
"We pull ourselves together and get back on the trail. Immediately speakin' though, we need to see if we can do anything to help Miss McKenna, seein' as we're to blame for what happened."
"Yeah, I feel bad too," Matthew said. "But what can we do? We've lost everything we had."
"I don't know, pard. I'll think of something."
A shadow fell across them. "Don't waste your time, Mr. Fleming," Cordelia said. She stood over them, hands upon her hips. 
"Beg pardon?"
"I've already thought of something."
Matthew caught the apprehensive glance that Bax shot him and wondered himself, just what Cordelia had in mind.
"And that would be?" the cowboy asked.
"I'm going with you."
"Going where?"
Backlit by the rising sun, Cordelia's face was unreadable, but when she replied, her words were razor sharp. "Wherever I have to go in order to find those responsible for this!" She jabbed a finger toward the wreck of her steamboat. 
Bax looked as though he were about to beg to differ with her when she hushed him with an upturned palm. "Whoever destroyed The Aurora was after the two of you; you said as much yourself. Now I took you on, knowing there would be risks. I don't hold you responsible. But I…."
Bax interrupted her. "What happened was not a risk anyone could have anticipated." He stood up, donning his still-wet hat. "I can understand you lookin' for a reckonin', but that won’t help these folk of yours," he gestured to the dazed and bedraggled circus folk milling about up and down the riverbank. "They're going to need you right here, more than they ever have before."
Cordelia regarded Bax coldly, unblinking for several tense seconds, and then her voice punched a hole through the stillness of the dawn. "Stewart!" 
Bax stuck a pinkie in his ear and wiggled it around. Matthew peeked into the carpetbag, certain to find new cracks in the egg shell.
Stewart came jogging over. Behind him all heads were turned expectantly. "Miss McKenna?" he wheezed. "Something wrong?" But then, seeing the hard look in Cordelia's eyes, he stammered. "I mean, well, you know…other than…." He gestured feebly to the river.
"Stewart, I'm leaving you in charge of the situation until I get back."
"In charge… until…. Back from where? You're leaving? Now?" 
"The Aurora wasn't just our livelihood, Stewart. She was our home. I intend to track down those responsible for her destruction and make them pay for what they did."
The old circus hand looked uncertain.
"Stewart, you've been a part of the M&H Circus since before I was even born. You helped mother make it a success after my good-for-nothing father abandoned us. You know the circus business inside and out."
Stewart cleared his throat. "But there is no circus. Not now anyway."
Cordelia's voice became stern, though gentle. "There will always be an M&H Circus, Stewart." She indicated the people and animals around them. "We just don't have a riverboat to house it."
"But what can I…"
Cordelia smiled reassuringly at him. "You have access to all the bank accounts. We can afford another steamer and resources enough to house and feed everyone until then."
Matthew could see the confidence slowly working its way into Stewart's kindly old face. "I suppose that's so."
Cordelia placed a hand on his arm. "It is, Stewart. Just as you helped Mama save the M&H, now I need your sure hand to help me save it now."
Standing a mite taller, the old man asked, "Where will you be going? How long will you be gone?"
Cordelia looked to Bax. The cowboy gave a non-committal shrug. There was no way to know.


CHAPTER 20


 The buckboard was old and worn, creaking and shaking so much as it rolled down the rutted road that Matthew felt certain the only thing holding it together was the driver's confidence. In the back of the wagon, several empty oak barrels emblazoned with the logo of Callahan's Brewery, raised a ruckus of tiny thunderclaps as they bounced and clattered against each other. 
On the driver's box; Cordelia rode next to the driver, a new acquaintance of theirs named Charles Preston, who expertly handled the reins, maneuvering his team through the congested riverfront traffic. 
 Matthew sat cross-legged near the back end of the buckboard, with the egg and carpetbag resting on his lap. Bax, with his feet dangling over the edge, stared absently at the thronged roads behind them, preoccupied with thoughts of his own.
  When they first reached the northern edge of town, following the wide thoroughfare that ran betwixt the river's edge and the buildings of the city, Matthew had briefly stood up and looked ahead. To the right were buildings as far as he could see, curving away to the south around a far reaching bend in the river. Between the buildings, down streets wide and narrow alike, he caught glimpses of the deeper city, the scope and scale of which continued to boggle his mind by leaps and bounds.
  St. Louis crowded the Mississippi river like a thirsty giant pressing to the water's edge where floated river-traffic of every conceivable sort. Everything from steamers to keel boats, to barges and more buzzed about the sloped levees of riverbank like bees in a field of flowers. It was incredible. It was wonderful. 

***

As if waking from a daydream, Bax said, "Well, pard, this is where the West begins." 
The West, Matthew thought, At last. If the West stacked up half as well to his expectations as St. Louis had, Matthew knew this was going to be the adventure of a lifetime, just like the dime novel adventures featuring his family and their famous friends.
The driver turned in his seat. "How are you folks doing back there?"
"Fine as frog's hair, Mr. Preston," Bax replied just as the buckboard caught a rut and lurched left, then right before continuing on unabated. "Fine as frog's hair."
The driver gave a satisfied nod and turned his attention to the road ahead. 
"I think the old coot is trying to hit every rut in the road," Bax whispered.
"It sure feels like it," Matthew agreed. "But it beats walking all day, any day."
"Whoa now, whoa there," Mr. Preston said as he drew back on the reins, bringing the buckboard to a stop before a two-story, red brick building. Callahan’s Brewery announced the large sign above a pair of tall, green doors.  Matthew and the others climbed out of the wagon, stretched their legs, and kneaded the ragged miles from their aching backs.
Matthew picked up the carpetbag from where he’d set it on the end of the buckboard. He watched Bax as the cowboy fished a still-damp roll of money from one of his vest’s pockets just as Mr. Preston joined them beside the wagon.
 "We're obliged to you, Mr. Preston," Bax said as he offered the man the money.
 The driver waved it off. "I won't have none of that," he said. "Isn't every day I cross paths with a living legend such as yourself, Mr. Fleming."
 Bax looked both genuinely surprised and suddenly embarrassed. “Beg your pardon?"  
The driver gave the three of them a knowing glance and reached into the strong box beneath the driver's seat. When he held his hand up again, he was holding a tattered dime novel. Matthew recognized it at once, as did Cordelia, for they both said, “The Battle of Thunder Falls". It was one of Matthew's favorites.
 Clearly attempting to change the subject, Bax offered the money again. "I insist," he said. "It's the least we can offer you for your trouble."
 "Weren't no trouble. You keep your money." The driver then seemed to hesitate. His expression took a sudden, serious turn. "But there is something." He reached again for the strong box. 
 Matthew was aware that Bax's hands had drifted closer to his fabled six-guns. Was he expecting trouble from the kindly Mr. Preston? Matthew's eyes widened and his stomach knotted up as the driver removed a small wooden case from the strong box… a case just large enough to hold a pistol.
  He flipped the lid open and, as one, Matthew, Bax, and Cordelia tensed. The driver's eyes darted from one to the other of them. From the case, he removed a bottle of ink and an ink pen.  A nervous laugh of relief escaped Matthew and everyone relaxed.
A little uncertainly, Mr. Preston looked to Bax. "Might I get your John Hancock on this here book, Mr. Fleming?"  
To Matthew's surprise, Bax seemed suddenly, and unaccountably, uncomfortable. Certainly this was more than the usual modesty the cowboy exhibited when his dime-novel persona was mentioned. 
Finally, Bax found his voice. "Do what? Why?"
Mr. Preston regarded Bax with a curious expression. "Why? Because you're in it, of course. It ain't like you writ the dern thing now, is it?" He laughed at the very thought of it.
Bax laughed as well. "That would be right humorous at that, wouldn't it?" he said as he took the proffered pen. Bax opened the worn book’s cover. He dipped the pen into the small bottle of ink and proceeded to scribble his name on the fist page. 
Cordelia said quietly to Matthew, "Now what do you make of all that?"
Matthew gave her a mystified lift of his brow. As fleeting as the moment had been, he had no idea why Bax had seemed so at odds with his usual self over such a simple request. But Matthew was certain of one thing… Mr. Preston was a genius. Matthew made a mental note that the next time he got his hands on some more dime-novels, he was going to get Bax to sign them. He would even get his mother and father and Grandpa Milo to sign them too. 
Just thinking of his family caused a knot to form in his heart. He missed them more each day. With all the trouble that he and Bax had encountered along the way so far, a part of him wondered how they could ever hope to get to his family in time to save them. 
Before he could get too lost in his doleful reverie, Matthew was snapped out of it by Cordelia's voice. "Matthew, come along." He saw that she and Bax were starting off down the street and that Mr. Preston, his hands now sporting leather work gloves, was busy untying the ropes from around the barrels. Apparently goodbyes had been spoken, and everyone was getting on about their business.
Matthew caught up to Bax and Cordelia just as the cowboy came to a sudden halt. Bax thumbed his mustache and scrutinized their surroundings. 
"What are we looking for?" Matthew wondered aloud.
"Just gettin' my bearings, pard."
"He's lost," Cordelia said.
"We just got here," Matthew said. "How can we be lost already?" 
Bax's brow furrowed. "We're not lost, little man."
"But Cordelia said…"
"Pard, that's just woman-talk.”
Cordelia opened her mouth to say something, but was stopped by a familiar voice.
“Eh-hmm." Mr. Preston cleared his throat. As they all turned to see what he wanted, he pointed skyward. "Night's a fallin'. You folks lookin' for a partic'lar place to turn in? If not, I can recommend a couple of reputable places, all no more'n a stone’s throw from here. Good rates, good food, and none of the riff-raff you're likely to find in other parts of town."
"That's awful kind of you, Mr. Preston," Bax said. "Fact is we are lookin' for a particular place. Have you heard of the Liberty Hotel?"  
"Ha! Who hasn't? That's pert near the nicest establishment in the whole city." 
Cordelia, with a vengeful gleam in her dark eyes, said, "Well, Mr. Preston, though he won’t admit it, the living legend here seems to be a bit discombobulated. Would you be so kind as to point us in the right direction?" 
"More'n happy to," said the driver. He pointed back the way they had ridden in. ""Go two blocks thataway, to Hickory Street. Follow it until you come to Vance Avenue, where you’ll turn right. Vance is actually a dead end. The Liberty is at the very end of it. Cain't miss it."
They started to leave, when Bax stopped again and asked Mr. Preston, "Could you tell us the way to the nearest general store and the telegraph office?"
"Before you get to Hickory Street, you’ll come across Hickory Street. Go left and Sullivan's Mercantile will be the second building on the right."
"And the telegraph office?"
 "One and the same; general store, post office, barber shop, and telegraph office. A finger in every pie is George Sullivan's idea of being a Renaissance man."
Bax nodded, said “Thanks,” and set off yet again. Matthew and Cordelia followed. 
"I have some money on me. Not much, but some," Cordelia informed them as they walked. "If we're looking to spend much, we may want to look for a bank."
 Bax patted one of his vest’s larger pockets. "We should have more than enough to get us to Wichita."                

***

 Sullivan's didn't have much in stock which was quite surprising considering the proprietor’s alleged entrepreneurial spirit, but they had everything the three of them needed, including a change of clothes. Matthew, however, was more concerned with the disturbing lack of books. 
 Just as he was wondering whether they might have time to look in some other store, Cordelia came and stood beside him. She was carrying a paper-wrapped bundle that he knew to be their new clothes.
 "See anything you can’t do without?" she asked, regarding the sparsely burdened bookshelf.
 "They don't have much," he said with a wave of a hand. "And I've already read the ones that they do have." Matthew wasn't as disappointed by the paltry selection as he was to not have a book on which to get Bax's signature. 
 "You could always re-read one of them. I do. And if you're half the reader I think you are, I suspect you've done so more than once yourself."
  Matthew grinned. 
"Besides,” she continued, “I've already read all these myself. I'm going to buy one anyway just so I can pester Bax for a signature," she added with a conspiratorial wink. 
 Cordelia offered to pay, which suited Matthew since he was penniless, and together they each selected a dime-novel which not only featured Bax, but as always, Matthew's parents. Cordelia was right, Matthew thought to himself. He would re-read this book; he would read it several times through, just as he had every other in the series penned by the enigmatic Irving Cooper.
On more occasions than he could recall, Matthew had questioned his parents, his Grandpa Milo, and even Mr. Finch and Miss Nuttle as to who Irving Cooper was. Was he a family friend? If so, why were there no daguerreotypes or paintings of him in the house? (The house. His folks were not going to be happy to learn that it was gone.) If Irving Cooper was a family friend, why had he never met him before? No, he thought, that wasn't particularly strange. After all, he had never met Bax until just days ago. With the exception of Wolverine Joe, now an old, old man who in his younger years had adventured in the far Northwest with Grandpa Milo, Matthew had never met any of his family's colorful friends. They were all off adventuring, living the lives that made for such grand reading.
"You must be awfully proud of your parents," Cordelia said, startling him with the unexpected remark.
When his only response was a blank stare, Cordelia tapped the book in her hand and said, "They certainly lead exciting lives." 
 Matthew fought back a frown. The more he thought about his family, the sadder he felt. Couldn't Cordelia see that? Why was she making him think about them even more than he already did?
"Why the sad face?" she asked. Before he could reply, she said, "Matthew, Matthew, Matthew. You've read all the books and stories based on their adventures, and yet you've missed one of the most basic things about your family. The Grahams have been in many a pickle and yet, somehow, they always come out on top." 
Matthew nodded mutely, her words leaving him to grapple with a mixture of pride and longing. Cordelia gave him a reassuring smile and a confident nod of her head. "Keep your chin up, and remember that you and your folks are a rare breed. Just like all of their past adventures, this one will end on a happy note.”  
Just as Matthew was about to hand his selection to Cordelia, his eyes were drawn to a lonely tome, all but hidden beneath a layer of dust. Matthew picked up the neglected book and blew away much of the dust. 
Cordelia fanned at the resultant cloud and asked, "What book is that?" 
"Frankenstein," Matthew said, holding it up for her to see. “It's Bax's favorite book. He lost his copy in the river when your boat… well, you know." Matthew regarded his discovery for a moment, then said. "I want to get this book instead. Is that all right?"
 Cordelia looked at him for a moment with a peculiar expression on her face before finally saying, "Sure, if that's the book you want."
Matthew handed her the dusty tome and grinned. He couldn't wait to give Bax the book. The cowboy was going to be very, very surprised.
"I'm still looking for something," Cordelia said. “Why don't you run along and see what Bax is up to?" 

***

  Bax was up front, near the cash register. He was leaning on the counter, talking to a man on the other side of it when Matthew rejoined him.
 "How could I ever forget?" the man was saying. He turned to the wall of cubby holes behind him. 
 "We've got everything we need," Matthew informed Bax as he sidled up to the counter beside him.
 Bax looked about. "Where's Cordelia?"
"She said she's still looking for something. She didn't say what."
 Bax nodded. "Once I get Miss Nuttle's telegraph and send her one lettin' her and Mr. Finch know we're fine, we'll mosey on over to the hotel."
 "Here you go, Mr. Semkow," the storekeeper plunked down a thick stack of papers. 
 "What's this?" Bax said. 
 "The telegraph from one Miss Abigail Nuttle to one Joseph Semkow."
 Matthew looked up and met Bax's astonished gaze. “Wow, that could almost be a book," he said.
 "I'll say." The cowboy turned back to the clerk. "You've got to be kidding. There must be twenty-five, thirty sheets."
The storekeeper’s face lit up, and he snapped his fingers. "That reminds me…." He turned back to the cubby holes. He looked high and low but not seeing what he was looking for, expanded his search to the other shelves and the small table on which the telegraph machine sat.
 While the storekeeper busied himself, Bax fanned the corner of the stack and sighed. He began leafing through the pages, looking for anything significant that might pop out at a glance.
Cordelia joined them then and Bax divvied up the towering stack of telegraphs between her and himself. Matthew peered over the counter, first to the searching storekeeper and then to the cubby holes. What he saw caused his eyes widen. "Bax!" He whispered, unable to tear his gaze away from the cubby hole.
 "Hmmm?" Bax replied distractedly as he skimmed the pages of Miss Nuttle's magnum opus-of-worry.
 "Bax!" Matthew said with a bit more urgency, this time tugging on the cowboy's sleeve for extra measure.
 "What, pard?"
 "Look," Matthew said. He pointed to the particular cubby hole and the paper inside it that had captured his attention. Clearly visible on one corner of the paper, written in bold script, was the name Oliver Dardy.
 "Well, I'll be hogtied and branded," Bax exclaimed. 
 "What's wrong?" Cordelia asked, leaning close.
 Without answering, Bax cast a look around the store. Other than the preoccupied clerk, they were alone. Bax leaned over the counter and tried to snatch the paper from the cubby hole, but it was too far away. He leaned back nonchalantly, looking as if he were scrutinizing the goods lining the high shelves behind the counter.
  "What are you doing?" Cordelia asked.
 Bax said, "I need a favor, Cordelia."
 "Such as?"
 "Keep that fella distracted for a minute or two."
 With a sly smirk, Cordelia said, "With my devastating beauty and feminine wiles?"
 "Whatever,” Bax said distractedly, his eyes darting back and forth from proprietor to cubby hole. “Just keep him from looking this way!."
 Cordelia's expression clouded. She glared silently for a moment, then turned and started toward the clerk.
 "I don't think she thought that was very funny," Matthew said.
 Bax shook his head. "That fence can be mended later, little man. Right now I've got a job for you."
 As he spoke, Bax lifted Matthew up and deposited him on the other side of the counter.
 Matthew understood exactly what needed doing. He cast a quick glance in the direction of the storekeeper. He saw Cordelia engaging the man in conversation, pointing to something high up on a shelf on the back wall of the store. 
Matthew ducked low, moved to the cubby holes, and plucked out the sheet of paper with Dardy's name on it. He crouched lower when he heard the clerk say, “Miss, I will be with you as soon as I finish with your friend." The man's voice, which had risen in keeping with his mounting irritation, echoed throughout the store. 
 Matthew ducked still lower behind the counter. Motionless, he stared up at Bax for some indication as to what he should do. At first, Bax motioned him to stay as he was. Matthew waited, his pulse pounding. He folded the paper and stuffed it into a vest pocket.  Then his head snapped upward as the sound of the merchant's approaching footsteps punctuated the tension in the air in time to Matthew’s thumping heart. Bax gestured for him to keep low and crawl out around the end of the counter. Matthew moved as quickly and quietly as he could. He could hear the storekeeper speaking to Bax.
  "I found it, Mr. Semkow," he said.
  "Found what?”
“The rest of your telegram…” The man stopped and cast his gaze out over the store’s floor. “Say, where did your son go?"
  "My what... oh. He, umm…"
  "I'm right here," Matthew called out from across the way." He held up a checkerboard and a small bag labeled checkers. "Hey, pa, can I get this? Can I? Please?" 
  "Not today, son," Bax said. He turned back to the storekeeper. "Kids nowadays. Always me, me, me. I swear the boy's mama spoils him somethin' fierce." 
The man nodded sympathetically. "Don’t I know it, friend. My wife does the same with our two." 
As Matthew rejoined Bax and Cordelia at the counter, Bax was saying to the clerk, "I'd like to send a telegram of my own."
The storekeeper's eyes darted to Miss Nuttle's prodigious communiqué. He blanched, obviously anticipating an equal wordy response. He swallowed and handed Bax an entire stack of blank forms and a pencil.
 Bax regarded the stack uncertainly before guardedly removing a single form. "One'll do just fine," he said as he picked up the pencil.
Matthew watched as Bax wrote… 

Miss N., Mr. F, 
 Arrived safe and sound in St. Louis. Boy sends his regards. 
                                       Take care, J. Semkow.

The clerk looked visibly relieved as Bax finished up and paid to send the wire.

***

Night had fully fallen by the time they reached the intersection of Hickory Street and Vance Avenue, and with the darkness came the threat of a stryvog attack. Fortunately, the avenue was lined with gas-lights standing tall like luminous sunflowers to hold back the blackness. Nevertheless, with thoughts of the demonic creatures in mind, Matthew tightened his grip on the carpetbag as he, Bax and Cordelia walked along the red cobblestones. 
Most of the shops and other businesses flanking the avenue were closed for the night. Foot traffic was light, and a single carriage rattled by, the clip-clop of the horse's hooves receding quickly into the distance. Yet these were things that Matthew only noticed peripherally, focused as he was on the night sky.
"Am I missing something?" Cordelia demanded. It took Matthew a moment to realize that she had stopped several paces behind them. He fidgeted. "Ummm…" He glanced at Bax. The cowboy had been as preoccupied as Matthew. 
Thumbing his mustache, Bax said. "Sort of, but you'll have to wait for an explanation 'til we get inside."
Cordelia didn't look particularly satisfied but said, "Good, because I was beginning to think the hotel was either floating on a cloud or hanging from a star.”
Bax gave a forced chuckle. "We're just about there." He pointed down the way.
Matthew followed Bax's finger and realized for the first time that Vance Avenue was a indeed a dead-end street where the Liberty Hotel loomed like the head of an angry giant. The open double doors resembled a gaping mouth, red carpet spilling from them to cascade down the hotel's expansive front steps like a lolling tongue that, by extension, seemed to include the street along which they walked. 
As Matthew suppressed a shiver, it was clear that Cordelia did not share his misgivings for she exhaled an appreciative whistle. "For a rangy old cowpuncher, you certainly have surprisingly uppity taste," she said to Bax.
"I'm anything but old, Miss McKenna," Bax said with a trace of a smile. 
 Following the adults up the steps and through the ominous portal, Matthew was relived to find the inside of the hotel bright, cheerful and welcoming. The spacious floor was covered with thick oriental rugs, but what caught his attention was the furniture. He recognized the huge, thickly cushioned furniture with its frilly tassels. He thought it looked nice here in this hotel, but silly when his mother had shown it to him in the catalogue. They call it Turkish Victorian, she had told him. She had been thinking of refurnishing the house with it, but had put off doing so when she and his father received the telegram from Grandpa Milo asking for their help. 
He absently ran his hand over the soft upholstery of the nearest chair and wondered how his mom was doing now. Was she safe? Was she thinking about him? Did she miss him as much as he missed her? 
  "Pard?" Bax's voice drew Matthew out of his glum musings. He looked to see Bax and Cordelia standing together at the base of the ornate staircase which spiraled three floors high.
  "Let's get settled in," Bax said with a wave of his hand as he and Cordelia started up the stairs. Matthew hurried to catch up.
 Matthew was happy when they left the first floor, excited as they passed the second, and thrilled when it became obvious that their room was on the third. He couldn't wait to look out over such a big city from so lofty a vantage point. They stepped from the stairs and onto the building-wide balcony. Looking over the railing to the elegant lobby far below, Matthew almost felt a little lightheaded. Bax and Cordelia were headed down the right side of the balcony, and Matthew quickly rejoined them. 
 Approaching from several doors down, Matthew noticed a man and a woman dressed all fancy-like. The man wore a fine plaid suit and the lady a velvety green dress and a matching parasol. Very fancy indeed, Matthew thought, feeling very aware of the fact that his own clothes, though long since dry, still smelled of the river.
 "Here we are," Cordelia announced as she stopped before one of the many doors lining the way. "Room 307."
 Using the key, Bax worked the lock as the couple passed by on their way to the stairs.
 "Evening," the man said with a tip of his bowler.
 Bax nodded in reply and pushed the door open.
 "After you, Mrs. Semkow," Bax said, a bit too conspicuously Matthew thought.
 Cordelia smiled. "Why, Joseph Semkow, still a gentleman after all these years! And to think, mother thought you were nothing but a scalawag."
 Matthew rolled his eyes. Thankfully, the passing couple had already reached the stairs and hardly seemed aware of the poor performance.

*            *            *

The hotel’s extravagance did not end in the lobby, but carried right on into the room. Bax set the stack of papers that was Miss Nuttle's telegram on the small writing desk situated to the left of the door. He then turned to Matthew and held out his hand. "Let's see what that varmint, Mr. Dardy, is up to. If we're lucky, we might just be able to put an end to this whole affair right here in St. Louis."  
Matthew passed him the telegram. "But my parents are in Death Valley."
Bax held up a finger. "Maybe, maybe not, pard. Now don't get too excited. I'm not tryin' to get your hopes up, but there's no reason to think they aren't still on their way there.  If that's the case, they're liable to be anywhere between here and Death Valley."
Matthew nodded, smiling, but kept his optimism in check. He headed toward the bed.
As Bax began to silently read the telegram, Cordelia placed their wrapped purchases on a red upholstered divan, then went over and plunked herself down into one of the room's four chairs. She looked as bedraggled as Matthew felt. 
"Not that I'm complaining," she said while looking around the room, "but this does seem a bit much considering that we won't be staying here long enough to appreciate it, don't you think?"
 Matthew wondered the same thing as he laid the carpetbag upon the bedspread. He opened the bag and peered into it, being careful that neither Bax nor Cordelia could see inside. There, nestled among the scorched daguerreotype of his family and the protectively swaddled ostrich egg, was the larger, mystery egg. It seemed wholly intact, though the shell itself was more distressed than ever.
 "I'm torn," Cordelia announced.
 Matthew looked her way and saw Bax do likewise.
Cordelia continued, "Do I want to know what's in the bag first, what's in the telegram from your Mr. Dardy character, or what kept the two of you transfixed on the sky on the way here?"
 Matthew looked uncertainly at Bax. The cowboy laid Dardy's telegram on top of Miss Nuttle's. For several moments he thumbed his mustache, chewing his lip.
Cordelia yawned, which elicited a sympathetic yawn from Matthew. Cordelia closed her eyes, pinching the bridge of her nose in an effort to ward off her obvious exhaustion. "Is this some sort of endurance contest?" she asked Bax.
Bax stood up, removed his hat, and hung it on the coat tree. "I'm just confounded as to where to begin."
"How about the bag?"
And so Bax relayed to Cordelia the sequence of events that had led them to this moment. He omitted nothing in the telling; including the repugnant beasties, the stryvog.
 When the tale had been told, Matthew regarded Cordelia for some indication as to whether she believed their story or instead thought them good prospects for an insane asylum.
She seemed lost in thought for a time, appearing to grapple with an understandable skepticism. Finally she looked to Matthew. "May I see the egg?"
He caught an approving nod from Bax and gladly, proudly, opened the carpetbag and gingerly removed the precious egg. "For a long time, we thought it was an ostrich egg, but then we got a look at the egg on your steamboat," Matthew said.
"And that ruled out its being an ostrich egg," Bax added. "Truth of it is, we're just plain stymied as to what sort of bird's egg it is."
Cordelia leaned close to the egg. "Boys, I'm no John Audubon, but I'm pretty certain of one thing. There isn’t a bird alive that could lay an egg this size."
Bax tapped his temple as though struck by an errant recollection. "Oh wait a tick! It must be one of those buffalo eggs." 
Cordelia, still leaning over the egg, gave an exasperated sigh. Ignoring Bax, she said to Matthew, "Well, whatever it is, it looks like it's about to hatch."
Matthew gave an enthusiastic nod. "It started the night we boarded The Aurora."
"Hmm," Cordelia voiced through pursed lips. She stood straight and looked from the egg to Bax.  “That’s not the only slow egg hereabouts.”
Matthew was inclined to laugh, but he was too preoccupied with the notion that something other than a bird had laid the egg. "What kind of egg do you think it is?"
Cordelia sat down on the edge of the bed and regarded the egg. 
 "Well?" Bax prompted when she made no immediate reply.
 Cordelia lifted her chin and, in a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact tone said, "I think you have yourselves a dragon's egg."
 A dragon's egg! Matthew's heart leapt at the very notion! 
 Bax shook his head and settled into one of the chairs. "Lady… Cordelia, I have no idea how to take that."
 Looking genuinely perplexed, Cordelia asked, "What do you mean? What's not to understand?"
 "Well, for one, you either think we were joshin' you when we told you our story, and now you're insulting us. Or two, you either have the best poker face I've ever seen or you actually believe what you said."
 Cordelia's jaw tensed, then relaxed. "All right, your story is outlandish, to say the least, but you two seem to believe it," she said. "Besides, Bax, I don't think you have any sort of poker face whatsoever. In short, I think you we're telling the truth, which brings us to those stryvog creatures. If they are indeed real…"  
"Believe us, they're very real," Matthew interrupted.
Cordelia locked eyes with Bax. "Fine. If there are such fantastical things as your stryvog, then why not dragons?"
"Why not?" Bax muttered dryly. "Getting back to reality, we may have a real chance at catching Mr. Dardy." He held up the intercepted telegram. "Seems this wasn't a wire to Dardy, but from him."
"To who?" Cordelia asked.  
 "The Undertaker Man!" Matthew exclaimed.
Bax nodded. "That's a mighty fair assumption, pard. It's my thinkin' too."
"That man from the train?" Cordelia asked. "The man who sank my boat!" 
"One and the same," Bax said. He then began to read aloud from the telegram. 
      
 Mr. Grindskalf

      If you are reading this, then it is safe to assume that you are now in possession of a certain item or, at least confident of its destruction. In either case, you should have a new traveling companion, a young acquaintance of mine from Michigan whom I am eager to meet again. 
     We will be awaiting your arrival as scheduled. You may rendezvous with us at Delacourt’s or the Sternwheeler.
                                                                                  Oliver Dardy

Matthew sat on the opposite edge of the bed, his eyes on the egg, and his thoughts on the telegram. He knew that he was the acquaintance from Michigan that the horrible Mr. Dardy was talking about. He shivered to think how close he had come to falling into the man's clutches
  He looked up from the egg as Cordelia said. "Delacourt’s is a fancy restaurant not far from here.  The Sternwheeler is a saloon, a highfalutin’ place. We are going after this guy, I hope."
 Bax nodded, his expression becoming grim as he looked Matthew's way. "The question is do we do it now, alone, or do we risk waiting 'til my friends show up?"
 Matthew knew that the only reason Bax would even consider waiting to act was concern about Matthew’s own safety." If my parents and Grandpa Milo are here in St. Louis, we need to find them fast."
 "Pard..."
 Putting on his bravest face, Matthew said, "You won’t even know I’m with you, Bax. I'll stay out of the way, I promise."
 Bax's gaze drifted in Cordelia's direction. She shrugged sympathetically. "Matthew's right, on both counts. I know it, and you know it."
 Bax stood up and fished his watch from his vest pocket and regarded the timepiece. "8:20. I saw a diner down the street; let's get some food in our stomachs and hash out a plan."
"We could eat here in the hotel," Cordelia suggested.
 Bax nodded. "That we could, but in a public eatery, we may well pick up some useful gossip."
Matthew returned the egg to the carpetbag and brought it with him as they left the hotel.


CHAPTER 21


"Matthew, I don't think my elephants can eat half as much as you just did," Cordelia said as Matthew scraped the last spoonful of beef stew from his bowl. "With a gullet like that, you're going to grow up taller than a California redwood tree."
 Matthew smiled. He wondered if Cordelia would believe him if he told her he was still hungry.  Before he could put her to the test, he heard the scrape of Bax's bowl as the cowboy slid it toward the middle of the table. 
 "Well pard, I'm fuller than two bushels of corn in a bushel basket. You may as well finish up the last of mine."
 Bax's bowl looked to be at least a third of the way full. "Thanks," Matthew said as he took up his spoon.
Cordelia looked dubious. "You're going to eat all of that?"
"I love stew," Matthew said. 
 "That is a fact but," Cordelia paused, a half smile playing on her lips. She took a coin from her small clutch purse and placed it on the table. "A shiny new nickel says you can't do it."
 Matthew glanced at Bax. The cowboy smiled knowingly. "Say goodbye to your money," Matthew said and commenced eating again.
 Cordelia watched for a moment with a look of fascination on her face. Matthew half expected her to comment, but then she surprised him when she said to Bax, "So who are these friends of yours we're supposed to meet up with?"
 Matthew paused in his shoveling. That was a question he should have thought of it. He could only imagine who they might be…
Cordelia's hand drifted toward the nickel, and Matthew quickly resumed eating. The hand drifted away, but he kept his eyes on the coin and his ears on the conversation.
"Well, there are two. Americus Freeman..."
Matthew almost spit a mouthful of stew. "Americus Freeman, wielder of Magna, the Unbreakable Blade?"
Bax smiled. "One and the same."
"And the other?" Cordelia asked with a sparkle in her dark eyes.
"Francisco Ochoa, the..."
Matthew's spoon clattered from his hand, and he stared in disbelief. "The Bolo Kid!" This was almost unimaginable. Just the idea of meeting and taking part in an adventure with Bax, Americus and the Bolo Kid seemed surreal. Matthew had the sudden dread that this whole affair was nothing but a wild dream, and he was suddenly fearful that he would wake up any moment now.
  He finished the last spoonful of stew. "I wish they were here now," he said as he tipped the bowl in Cordelia's direction. Seeing the bottom, she appeared impressed and slid the nickel his way. Matthew claimed the coin but, like Cordelia, he was much more interested in what Bax had to say.
 "That'd be nice," the cowboy admitted. "But the fact is they're both comin' from a long way off, so there's no accurate way to know how long it'll take them to get here. And that's assuming when, and even if, they got my telegrams to begin with."
 Cordelia looked concerned. "How long do we wait for them? I mean, you must have had reason to ask for their help in the first place. What do we do if they don't show up?”
 "I reckon we can afford to wait a day. If they aren't here by then, we'll just have to go on without them. 'Course, it may not matter much at all if we can find Dardy before then. If we miss that varmint, we'll make straight for Death Valley soon as possible."
 Cordelia nodded, then asked, "Any ideas on how we go about tracking this Mr. Dardy." 
 "Been ponderin' that," Bax said as he took Dardy’s telegram from his pocket and opened it. "We've got two possible locations so, do we split up, or do we look for him together?"
 "Together," Matthew said.
 Bax shook his head and spoke to Cordelia as though Matthew hadn’t uttered a peep. "The best place for the little man is back at the hotel."
 Matthew scowled. "I'm not a baby you know."
 "Can't argue that, pard, but your ma and pa wouldn’t take it kindly if I knowingly put you in harm's way."
Matthew looked as though he was about to protest; his mouth opened then closed.
"Don't worry," Cordelia assured him. "Like I said earlier, Delacourt’s is a restaurant,” she said to Bax. “Matthew and I will be safe enough there, and besides, I have friends. We won't be alone." 
Matthew gave her a quizzical look, wondering who she was talking about until she spoke her friends' names, "Mr. Derringer and Mr. Revolver will be with us.”
 Bax's mustache twitched above his grin. Nevertheless, he shook his head. "I don't know…” 
 Matthew had no desire to go back to the hotel and miss out on any potential action. If he couldn't go with Bax, he'd certainly go with Cordelia. He piped up then, "But Bax, no one knows we're here… not yet anyway. No one will be looking for us."
 Bax regarded him appraisingly. "Pard, the Undertaker Man was due in town round about the time we arrived. No one may know we're here yet, but you can rest assured they know the Undertaker Man isn't."
 Matthew frowned and stared into the depths of the empty bowls. Unless Bax could be convinced that there wasn't any immediate danger, the cowboy was going to send him back to the hotel for the night.
 Just then, like an angel of mercy, Cordelia saved the day, or rather, the night. 
 "Bax, it's probably safe to say that it is a bit too early for Dardy to be worrying about his henchmen. In fact I doubt he'd become very anxious for another couple days."
 "Maybe," Bax said.
 "And if, for the immediate future, no one is looking for us here in St. Louis, there shouldn’t even be reason to worry about those stryvog either."
 While Bax seemed to weigh Cordelia's argument, Matthew voiced a thought of his own. "We have that paper the Undertaker Man had with that strange language on it, the one we found in his pocket. Wasn’t that how he called the stryvog?”
 Bax sighed. "That's how it seemed at the time. But I can't say I believe in conjurin' and magic. That's just a bit too…" 
 Cordelia threw her hands up. "Honestly Bax, what harm could possibly come of it if you look for Dardy at the Sternwheeler, while Matthew and I look for him at Delacourt’s? It won't take us more than half an hour to get to either place and back to the hotel."
  Bax looked from one to the other of them. When his gaze fell upon Matthew, he encouraged Bax, "If we hurry, we can probably get there and back in less time."
 "Fine," Bax relented. He leaned a little over the table and locked eyes with Cordelia. "If you come across Dardy, don't confront him. Don't let the boy be seen, and whatever you do, keep your two friends close to hand at all times."
Cordelia's face lit up and, before Bax could draw back, she leaned close and kissed him lightly on the cheek. "You're an old softy, Baxter Fleming."
  Bax sat back, his face flushed. Matthew didn't know what to think.
 "We'll be careful, and we'll be quick," Cordelia promised as she got up from the table, leading Matthew by the hand as she did so.

***

 Matthew walked with Cordelia down the lamp-lit boardwalk, his mind grappling with the probable meaning and implications of the kiss Cordelia had given Bax. He wondered what Bax was thinking. 
"We can go back to Callahan's Brewery," Cordelia was saying, "and from there back the way we came into town along the river front until we come to Broad Street. If I remember correctly, Delacourt’s is just a few blocks inland from there." 
 "Why did you kiss Bax?" Matthew asked as they walked briskly past darkened storefronts. He could see a smile creep onto Cordelia's face. "I’ve been to Delacourt’s once. It’s one of the fanciest places in St. Louis. It's a bit too hoity-toity for my taste." She was trying to avoid answering him which only served to increase his curiosity.
 "My Ma and Pa kiss each other."
 Cordelia slowed their pace, but they kept on at a fair clip. "Because that's what grown-ups do when they like each other."
"Does Bax like you? I mean, I know he likes you, but I mean does he like you that way?"
Cordelia's eyes twinkled in the streetlight. "He might not think so yet, but he does."
Matthew had observed nothing that might have given Cordelia such an idea. "How do you know?"
For a moment they walked on in silence, but just when Matthew could take no more, Cordelia smiled at him and said. "You know, Matthew, if you keep talking like this, I might even take a notion to kiss you."
Matthew felt his eyes widen, and his face grew hot and tingly. "How much farther away is the restaurant?"

***

Bax watched Cordelia lead Matthew from the diner. The woman had a way about her that set him off balance, and she obviously sensed it which explained the peck on the cheek. He wasn't angry or upset about it. On the contrary, fact was, he had been hoping for an opportune moment to kiss her himself. 
What bothered him was something else. He let himself be talked into parting with Matthew. It wasn't right; Matthew was his charge, the only child of Charles and Elizabeth, his nearest and dearest friends. He could do no less than keep an eye on the boy at all times and at all costs. He chastised himself, “So why, in the name of God Almighty, am I sitting here on my backside, watching Matthew and Cordelia walk away from me?”
He knew the answer even as he formed the question. Although Dardy was clearly taking orders from someone else, the alleged lawyer was undoubtedly the point man. If Dardy was here in St. Louis, there was reason to believe that Matthew's kin were here as well. Finding Dardy before he could leave town was now priority number one and splitting up with Matthew and Cordelia seemed the most expeditious way to that end. 
Besides, he reminded himself, Cordelia has the brains and the talent to keep Matthew safe. Leaving the money for their bill on the table, Bax donned his battered hat, tipped it at the waitress, and headed for the door.  Outside, he scanned the street for signs of trouble. A few people were scattered here and there, going about their own business, seemingly indifferent to his presence, not that there was reason to notice him in the first place. Bax casually slipped the thongs from his Colts and eased the six-shooters up and down in their holsters, making sure they were loose enough to be drawn in a flash should the need arise. He turned left and began making his way toward the Sternwheeler Saloon.


CHAPTER 22


 "Did you hear that?" Matthew asked. The sound had come from somewhere above; a soft, fluttering sound, not unlike the flapping of leathery wings. 
"I didn't hear a thing," Cordelia said, though she quickened her step just a little. 
She did hear it, Matthew thought as he kept pace.  
Since retracing their way to Callahan's Brewery, which had closed for the night, they had taken several streets; each a bit less trafficked, a bit less lit than the last. 
"Are we lost?' Matthew whispered, somehow managing to keep the panic from his voice.
Cordelia made no reply as they reached the mouth of a dark alley. She looked back the way they had come and then, leading Matthew by the hand, stepped into the concealing gloom.
"Don’t get worked up, Matthew, but I think we’re being followed."
"You did hear it! I knew it."
She nodded. "I just wanted to make sure it wasn't one imagination feeding another."
Matthew felt a little weak in the knees as he said, "I think it’s the stryvog." 
Cordelia nodded. She had drawn her pistols, first the derringer, and then the police revolver, checking the load of each. "If you're right, then Mr. Dardy must know we're here, in which case we won't be able to spy him out discreetly. The smart thing to do is to head back to the hotel." 
"But if we're lost…"
"We're not lost. But we're not going back the way we came."
"Then we're going to get lost."
"Hopefully someone, or some things, will but it won't be us. We'll use the back alleys to confuse our followers. We're going to have to move quickly, Matthew, so stay as close to me as you can. If you get to where you can't keep up, let me know and we'll stop to catch our breaths. Alright?"
Matthew nodded. The weakness in his legs was replaced by a sudden surge of energy. 
Matthew tightened his grip on the carpetbag. Cordelia smiled grimly, and then they were off, jogging deeper into the dark alley. It was almost impossible to see anything between the faintly illuminated ends of the narrow side street. 
Halfway in, they came to a cross-alley. Without hesitating, Cordelia turned right, and Matthew followed. This alley was apparently longer than the other, the ends of it too distant to be seen. Overhead the blue-black vault of the sky sparkled with inept starlight, and the moon itself was nowhere to be seen.  Just then a large, dark blur almost invisible against the night sky flitted between the rooftops!
"Uh oh," Cordelia said. She had stopped, and Matthew all but ran over her before he was aware of it. 
His breathing was labored from the running. His voice quavering with fright, he said, "What?" But he didn't really want to know.
"This is a dead end."
The words dead end sounded immeasurably worse when there were stryvog trying to run you down, Matthew thought. 

***

Bax walked along, passing the occasional pedestrian; his thoughts still preoccupied with Matthew and Cordelia. He had half a mind to turn around and rejoin them when he heard it - a noise from overhead. It sounded like the faint, stealthy clatter of… Bax quickly reined in his imagination but the thought was already formed. …talons. He walked on, casually, listening for the sound to repeat itself. 
It did. The sound was muddied by the soft echo effect between the buildings. He couldn’t confidently identify the sound, but was certain of two things: it was trailing him, and it was somewhere above him. 
Pushing back the thought of claws and talons, he pondered more human possibilities. A sniper? Of course! That made perfect sense. But who? There were plenty of ne’er-do-wells with grudges and personal vendettas against him, but here? Now?  The only likely culprit was Dardy or, more specifically, a hired gun working for Dardy.
Bax continued on past the next three storefronts before ducking down a lightless alleyway out of the openness of the street upon which he'd be easy pickings. He slid his hat from his head, letting it hang at his back that he might view the sky-filled gap over the alley unhindered. He waited a moment before freeing Mani and then moved deeper into the narrow alleyway. 

***

 "Come on," Cordelia said as she began to backtrack. Matthew followed her back to where the alleys intersected. At the nexus, they again drew to a halt.  The sliver of moon was now peaking over the rooftops, spilling a meager blue glow upon the dark tableau. The feeling that they had walked into a trap settled over Matthew like an anvil. "I think we made a mistake," he muttered. 
Cordelia protectively drew Matthew to her side, shielding him with her left arm. "Stay close, Matthew, stay real close," she said as she drew both her police revolver and her derringer and pulled back the hammers. 
Matthew's heart beat furiously in his chest and, pressed as he was to Cordelia's side, he could almost hear her heart pounding in time to his own. They stood, waiting in dread anticipation, shifting their gazes from one pitch black alleyway to the other, from the alleys to the sky above. The stryvog were here; the hairs bristling on the back of Matthew's neck assured him of that. 
The cool evening air began to thicken, pressing in on them from all sides, and still the monstrosities kept themselves veiled in deepest shadows as though awaiting a command. 
Without thinking, Matthew drew the carpetbag to his chest and folded his arms around it. The action seemed to have an effect. The surrounding shadows became blacker, unnaturally so, and, as if from the bottom of a deep well, a familiar chittering sound bubbled up from the gloom. The stryvog were coming, gnashing their teeth and champing their jaws.
"Here they come," Matthew whispered pitifully. He felt Cordelia's hand clamp down upon his shoulder like a vice as the shadows exploded in a frenzy of talons, fangs, and flapping wings.
In an instant, Cordelia's Colt roared, spitting lead, punching holes through the beastly onslaught. One of the stryvog fell from the sky, dropping dead at Matthew's feet. No, it was still alive! It reached up with a gnarled, clawed hand, grasping for the carpetbag. Matthew recoiled, just out of the monster's reach. Hissing through its foam-flecked mouth, the stryvog lowered its hand. It clawed at the dirt, as it pulled its failing body toward Matthew. Cordelia's left hand swung into view, and she unloaded a bullet into the creature's head, stopping it dead in its tracks.
How many shots did that make? Matthew wondered desperately. Six? Seven? How many stryvog were left? How many had there been to begin with?  It was difficult to see in the moonlight, but Matthew thought that he could make out half a dozen or so dark motionless shapes lying strewn out around the cramped intersection. Six or seven! Cordelia was felling them with one hit a piece!
"Matthew! This way!" Cordelia cried over the clamor. He followed her toward the nearest alley as she snapped off one shot behind them, and yet another just ahead and above. The blackness of the alley swallowed them, wrapping them in a blinding embrace. Matthew desperately wished for the one thing that nobody had thought to purchase… flares. How could they have forgotten the flares?
Just then the blackness ahead of them thinned as the end of the alley came into view. They were almost to an actual street. There would be light and, therefore, possible refuge from the stryvog. 
Suddenly, something grabbed the back of Matthew's shirt. "Cordelia!" he cried out as he found himself being dragged back into the shadowed depths of the alley. He saw her wheel about and stop! He caught a glimpse of her fumbling with something before he lost sight of her completely.

***

Bax crept along, searching for a way to climb up to the rooftops, but the infernal blackness of the alley rendered his eyes all but useless. It was all he could do not to betray his location by stumbling over the discarded junk that littered the way. 
A sudden rustling drew his attention back the way he had entered the alley. As he looked on, dark shapes, vague silhouettes against the soft glow from the distant street, began to mass and churn, filling the entrance, blotting out the world beyond.
Stryvog! Why couldn't it have been a bushwhacker? Hell, a dozen snipers, he thought. No use being sneaky now; they know I'm here. He drew Sol and broke into a run, heading for the other end of the alley. 
 The stryvog came shrieking after him.                    

***

"Cordelia!" Matthew called out. "Cordel…" A clammy, bony hand clamped across his mouth, stifling his cry for help. All at once, he found himself back where the alleys intersected. The moon had risen even higher in the sky, and now the place was revealed in the mercurial clarity of moonlight. He could see the dead stryvog still lying where they had fallen to Cordelia's bullets, but it looked as though they were slowly disintegrating, crumbling into dust. 
True to previous encounters, the stryvog had grown in size, considerably so. To his shock, Matthew found himself in the clutches of creatures almost as big as himself and unbelievably stronger as he learned when he tried to break free of the monster’s grip. 
Another of the stryvog settled to the hard-packed dirt of the alley at Matthew's side. It snarled fiercely and reached for the carpetbag. It missed, reaping nothing more for its effort than a face full of Matthew's foot. "Get away," Matthew bellowed as the beastly thing reeled away, yowling in agony, clutching its hideous face.
As the injured stryvog slunk whimpering away to the shadows, a third stryvog alighted a few feet in front of Matthew. It growled like a mad dog as it dropped to all fours, crouched low, and proceeded to circle him, looking to strike. 
Matthew struggled with renewed vigor against the stryvog that held him immobile, but to no avail. The stryvog was just too strong. Realizing the futility of it, Matthew gave up and focused on the one circling him. He would kick at it with both feet when it charged.
The moment seemed to stretch on, slowing to a standstill. It was then who Matthew realized that there were but three stryvog. Three! Only nine or ten counting those Cordelia had killed. There should be more of them. Looking back, it occurred to Matthew that, although the stryvog had become larger in size with each appearance, they had become fewer in number. There were not as many now as on the train, but even that swarm, in retrospect, had been smaller than the one from Holly.
Even so, this pack of stryvog seemed disproportionately few. If there were others, where were they now? A chill swept over him as the obvious answer entered his mind. Just then time seemed to catch up to the moment, and the circling stryvog, having apparently sensed Matthew's laps of focus, lunged at him, leaping forward with a powerful flap of its wings.
Claws and fangs and outstretched wings filled Matthew's field of vision. He forgot to lash out with his feet, and instead, squeezed his eyes shut against the inevitable.
***

Without slowing, Bax turned at the waist and fired a few shots into the roiling shadows behind him. Right about now he’d give anything for a flare. He could have kicked himself for not replacing the ones ruined in the rivers. 
Up ahead he could see the end of the alley. Almost there, he thought. But his hope was dashed as more dark shapes appeared between him and the opening, blocking his escape. He slid to a stop, his boot heels biting into the alley floor.  He had been under the impression that the stryvog were drawn to the egg which he did not possess. So why were the monsters here? He thought of Matthew, with the egg, and immediately regretted not taking the boy with him. Were Matthew and Cordelia facing a similar, possibly worse, situation? He had to find them! But first things first…
He couldn't even begin to guess how many of the monsters there might be, but he would be lying to himself to think that he had anywhere near enough bullets to deal with them all. He turned toward the blackness of one side of the alley, a six-gun in each hand; he cocked the hammers and drew a deep, calming breath. The shadow-cloaked creatures pressed toward him from both directions.

***

  Eyes clenched tight, Matthew heard a single shot ring out. He felt the weight of the lunging stryvog collapse on his feet. He opened his eyes to see Cordelia, silver and blue in the moonlight, standing framed against the dark alleyway, both pistols aimed at the stryvog that held him captive.
"Unless you want to end up like your friends," Cordelia said calmly, "I suggest you let the boy go."
The stryvog tightened its grip on Matthew's arms. It hurled a piercing shriek of pure fury Cordelia's way and then, to Matthew’s horror launched itself skyward, taking him with it! Matthew glimpsed fright in Cordelia's eyes as she aimed her Colt but could not fire for fear of shooting him. 
The bag! His lower arms unhindered, Matthew reached into the carpetbag and grabbed the egg. "You want it?" he called out to the stryvog. "Catch!" He tossed the egg away. The demonic creature cast him off like an unwanted rag-doll and dove for the falling egg. 
Even as he hit the ground, landing flat on his back, the carpetbag safely cradled at his chest, Matthew saw that the stryvog had caught the egg and was even now climbing higher into the starry sky. 
Cordelia was at his side in a flash, kneeling next to him. "Matthew! Matthew! Are you hurt?"
He sat up, nodding, “I’m OK”.
Cordelia looked relieved and turned her attention to the sky. "It's gone. Matthew, the egg…."
Matthew grinned and opened the carpetbag. "You mean this one?"
Cordelia gave him a puzzled look.
"I borrowed one of Martha's bad eggs. That was all right, wasn't it?"
Pistols still in hand, Cordelia wrapped him in a tight hug. "Of course it was, Matthew, of course it was." 
Just then, a distant shrill cry echoed down from the sky. 
Matthew looked nervously at Cordelia. "I think it knows it's been fooled."
"Then let's get out of here before it comes back," Cordelia suggested.

***

"In front of you! The door!" The voice rained down from above but it was almost washed away by the rustling wings and guttural emanations raised by the stryvog.
The voice called again, "The door!"
Pistol in hand, Bax reached forth and, with his fingertips, felt of the dark wall until he did in fact discover a door. Holstering one pistol, Bax found the doorknob. He gave it a turn but the door did not open. He then felt the chain and the padlock. The stryvog were so close now that he could smell their rancid stench.
He stepped back, drew Mani, and fired. The bullet punched a hole through the padlock, causing it to give way. Bax yanked it free of the chain, opened the door, and darted through. He slammed the door shut and pressed his back against it. 
Thin slivers of moonlight lanced the gloom through gaps high up the wall, revealing the building's interior. It appeared to be a furniture manufacturing and rug business. 
Moonbeams, thick with lazily swirling dust motes, illuminated chairs, stool, cabinets, and other items in various stages of completion. Sawdust and wood shavings covered several tool laden workbenches like miniature snowdrifts. The fragrant, earthy smell of cut wood mingled with the tangy sharpness of paints and varnishes that permeated the still air. Rolled carpets were stacked like cordwood wherever space allowed. 
Through the door, he could hear the stryvog gathering. It wouldn't take them long to figure out how to open the door. He needed something to bar the entrance. A length of two-by-four conveniently within reach caught his eye. Taking it, he butted one end on the floor against the base of a heavy support column and the other end against the door. He gave his head a dissatisfied shake. The stryvog were forceful little bastards. If the two-by-four bought him any time, it would not be much. As if to test his thinking, the door jolted as it was struck from outside. 
Time to find the front door, he thought as he crept deeper into the shadowed interior. Sawdust, stirred by his passing, threatened to make him sneeze, and he covered his mouth and nose. He passed by a steep flight of roughly hewn stairs leading up to the loft. Just thinking about stryvog and lofts took Bax back to the old Brewer place back in Holly. He didn't want a repeat of that disaster. 
He reached the front door, only to find it locked tight. He could just make out the links of a heavy chain where it looped through a pair of holes, one in each door. The lock was on the outside. 
Another thud, followed in quick succession by three others, rattled the alley door.
A window! Bax thought, but a quick look dashed that hope. The windows, like the front door, were shuttered and locked.  More thuds against the alley door, and this time the impacts were accompanied by the sounds of cracking wood.
"Ah, damn," he muttered. It was going to be the loft after all.

***

 Without warning the ostrich egg came plummeting from the inky sky like a fetid meteorite, its putrefied innards trailing from its broken shell. It exploded on the ground, showering the intersecting alleys with its contents just yards away from where Matthew and Cordelia were getting to their feet.
  "Run!" Cordelia called out, prodding Matthew toward one of the alleys. 
  As Matthew scrambled to his feet, he glanced back to see Cordelia loading fresh rounds into her revolver; her focus shifting from the pistol to the night sky and back. She slid the last round home just as Matthew reached the mouth of the alley. There he stopped to wait for her. Suddenly one of the stryvog swooped out of the darkness at Cordelia's back. She whirled, raising her pistol, but the creature was too fast even for her. A swipe with a clawed hand sent her six-gun flying.
 Horrified, Matthew dashed to her without thinking. She was scrambling for the pistol which had skidded to a stop a good ten feet away as another of the stryvog cut her off, landing between her and the weapon.  She floundered desperately trying to break her forward momentum before it carried her into the monster's outstretched claws. 
  Matthew skidded into her, inadvertently saving her life. "Matthew! What are you doing here? I said run!" 
  "I won't leave you," he said.
 The stryvog roared as it began to advance on them, loping ape-like on all fours.
  "What about your other gun?" Matthew bleated.
  "Empty," she said. She pointed to the mouth of the nearest alley. "That way, go!"
  Matthew recognized the entrance of the alley. "But..."
 "Go, Matthew! Now!"
  The stryvog at their backs was now joined by a second that had dropped from the sky onto the wall of the building that formed the right side of the alley. It climbed down the wall, spider-like, just as Matthew and Cordelia charged past it into the dark. 
  "This is the wrong alley," Matthew finally protested as they raced blindly onward.
  "The wrong...?"
  "The dead end," Matthew said woefully as they reached the end of the line. 
They turned around. Above them, in the cloudless black sky, the moon was high, and its glow revealed the pair of approaching stryvog, one stalking them from the alley floor, the other scrabbling along the wall of the building. The beasts moved slowly and deliberately, taking their time. 
Matthew instinctively gripped the handles of the carpetbag. Yet, even though he felt it his destiny to safeguard the egg, he would gladly have entrusted it to anyone else at the moment.
He caught a slight movement at his side and looked to find Cordelia reaching into the folds of her dress. When her hand reappeared, it was no longer empty. The derringer glinted in the moonlight. 
Matthew's sense of relief was short lived, quashed when Cordelia uttered four little words: "Two stryvog, one bullet."

***

Bax charged up the open-faced steps as the stryvog reduced the door to kindling. The monsters swarmed through the opening in a momentary of mass of confusion; a moment that Bax did not waste. He vaulted up the last few steps in a single stride. His first thought upon gaining the upper floor was to slam shut the door. But, by the pale light of the moon filtering through a small window set somewhat high in the front wall, he saw at once that there was no door to close. The moon also revealed the floor's one good feature. If the stryvog were going to get him, they would have to either come up the same stairs he had or come in through the single window.
Still, a door would be nice. Just as his heart sank, though, it was buoyed by providential surprise. A large pile of musty old, rolled up, carpets sat moldering near the top of the steps. Bax bounded over the gap to where they awaited him. As he crossed the threshold, the stryvog below let loose a shrill howl. They had spotted him! 
The vile creatures immediately swarmed up the steps only to have the dead weight of a dozen odd rugs come crashing down on them, sending the stryvog at the head of the pack tumbling backward into his lagging brethren. Bax continued chucking rugs down the opening until he had plugged the entrance. He piled more carpets on for good measure. He then gave the obstruction a few good stomps just to ensure that the rugs were wedged in nice and snug.
Satisfied, he grinned, wiped the dust from his hands, and turned to find another way out. His smile faded when it became apparent that the small window was the only other avenue of escape. A very small window.
Well, he'd have to try and squeeze through the window since he dang sure wasn't about to tackle the stairs.
Bax was encouraged when he reached the window; it wasn't quite as small as it had first appeared but it was high. He jumped up and tried to grab the bottom edge, only to fall short.
He glanced around until his gaze landed on an old chair. He positioned it below the window and climbed unsteadily onto the seat. The chair was a bit rickety under his weight, but it would have to do.

***

Cordelia and Matthew stood together at the end of the cul-de-sac. The pair of stryvog seemed to be sizing them up. 
"What are they waiting for?" Matthew whispered. 
Cordelia, her derringer trained on the beast skulking about the alley floor, said, "They're smarter than they look. They know what a pistol is, and they know I can use it."
"They're afraid?" Matthew could not believe it; yet, apprehension seemed a fitting description for the stryvog behavior. 
"They should be," Cordelia said flatly.
Apparently they can’t count, or they’d know that we are down to our last bullet, Matthew thought. 
On the wall, the second stryvog scurried from shadow to shadow, always keeping its distance.  Suddenly baring its tangle of pointed teeth and shrieking like a banshee, the stryvog on the ground charged. Before it had taken three steps, it collapsed to the dusty, hard-packed earth, its piercing cry reduced to a clipped yelp, a bullet hole between its red eyes.
Smoke coiled from the spent derringer, but Cordelia turned it toward the shadowy wall where the last of the stryvog clung, snarling venomously. The creature receded further into the concealing gloom. Matthew could hear the scrabble-scratch of its claws as it moved within the shadow. It was clearly seeking a better vantage from which to strike for at no time did the sound of its movements recede into the alley.
Suddenly the red coals of the stryvog's eyes glowed brightly from the void. A low, lion-like rumbling rose in a slow crescendo. The beast was about to strike.  Matthew watched as the fiery points moved closer.
"If you have any more bullets," Matthew said, "this might be the time to…" 
Something large dropped from the sky between them and the charging stryvog. It was a fluttering blur accompanied by a strange whirring. Before Matthew was able to focus on the hazy new arrival, he saw the stryvog bolt from the darkness, flying straight for him.
And then the whirring stopped. The stryvog reeled in mid air; its arms seemed to become entangled with its wings. Unable to fly, it tumbled to earth, landing on its face and one shoulder. It stood quickly, arms at its sides, shaking its head as though to clear the fog of the impact. Baring its fangs it lurched forward, unrelenting in its attempt to seize the egg.
Again the whirring sound filled the intersection. Again it ceased. And again, the creature appeared to become entangled with itself; this time its legs betrayed it. It fell flat on the ground where it commenced to writhe and squirm, and yet it somehow did so without flailing its arms.
It took a moment for Matthew to tear his nervous eyes from the frenzied, though immobilized, stryvog. When he did, an unfamiliar voice called his attention.
"What an ugly beast, no?"

***

Bax, his rig in one hand, had managed to squeeze himself halfway through the small window before he began to really, actually panic. Because it was then that he'd gotten stuck. Just at that moment, he heard his makeshift barricade explode beneath the efforts of the stryvog, the rolled carpets landing with heavy, dull thumps.  
Certain that he could not get completely through the window, Bax decided to climb back inside. He might have enough bullets to at least fight his way through the monsters to the safety of some well-lit sanctuary. Unfortunately he realized, a bit too late, that he was just as stuck going backwards as he was forwards. The stryvog hooted and hissed, their guttural cries getting louder as they approached.
“What an ignoble end,” he mused sardonically. “The great Baxter Fleming, the Miracle Marksman, chawed to death by ravenous critters after getting his fat tookus wedged in a window.”
Just as a stryvog seized hold of one of his boots, Bax began to kick his feet for all he was worth. Suddenly the stryvog stopped. Before he could wonder why, Bax heard the probable cause. Someone, or something, was running along the rooftop, toward the end of the roof above Bax's head. The footfalls picked up speed and then fell silent as something large and shadowy launched itself into the air toward the adjacent building. The furniture company building was the taller of the two structures, and the other roof was virtually parallel to Bax. He watched as the shape soared far out over the quiet street to land hard upon the roof across the street.  It rolled to a stop, stood, and turned to face Bax. 
It wasn't a stryvog; it was a human! Although it was too dark out to get a good look at the man, Bax was relieved until he saw a rifle glint in the moonlight, aimed right in his direction.  
His relief evaporated with the sudden thought that the man must be one of Dardy's henchmen, Bax forgot about the stryvog at his feet, and fumbled to draw one of his six-guns.
"Don't move!" the man called. "If you get shot, it'll be your own damn fault."
Just as Bax's pistol cleared its holster, the rifle barked thunderously and repeatedly. Bax flinched so badly that his gun fell from his hand. The rifleman’s bullets had punched through the wall in quick succession. He counted four shots before he realized he hadn't been hit. The rifleman was either a terrible shot, or Bax wasn't the target.
  When the shooting finally stopped, the rifleman called out. "Can you hear any more of those things?"
Bax listened in silence, but not for the stryvog; which had in fact, fallen silent. There was something familiar about the rifleman's voice. "Americus? Is that you?"
"Recognized my impeccable timing did you?"
"I recognized your God-awful shooting," Bax said.
"Well, you'd better hope I got them all, or you can kiss your skinny legs goodbye."
A bit concerned, Bax bent at the waist and peeked through one of the bullet holes. At first, the fingers of moonlight showing through the other holes revealed nothing but blackness. Just as he was about to look away, he glimpsed a fleeting motion and heard a ragged shuffling. At least one of the stryvog was still alive.
"You missed one of them," he said looking up. He could see that Americus had laid his rifle aside and was now working a rope. "What are you doing? Americus, stop messin' with that rope, and shoot the thing already. I was just joking with you about your marksmanship." 
"Bax, Bax, Bax," the rifleman said as he continued to work the rope with deliberate ease. "It's one thing to hit a mess of critters behind a wall, but it's another thing entirely to hit just one."
Bax detected more rustling from inside the loft. Were there two of them moving about now? "I take it back. You are a lousy shot. I think you missed more than one of them." Americus made no reply as he continued working the rope. "Fine," Bax grumped. He pulled his second Colt from its holster. "I'll do it myself."
"Bax!"
"What?"
"Two words: Fort Thompson."
"I'm not going to shoot myself."
"You did then."
"That was Ochoa's fault."
Bax could see Americus’ shadowy form as he stepped to the edge of the rooftop. "If this doesn't work, we'll both shoot, all right?"
"If what doesn't work?" Even as he asked the question, he saw the other man begin to twirl the rope over his head. A lasso?  Bax twisted and looked up along the moonlit face of the building and saw the roof’s narrow overhang. What's he going to do? Swing over?
"Don't come over here, get me…" he started to say until, to his surprise, the lasso looped around his head and shoulders. “For the love of… you miss… urk!" the sudden tightening of the lasso squeezed the wind from him. He dropped his rig and Colt to grab hold of the rope.
"Fleming! If you pull me off this roof, I'll leave you where you are."
Bax let go of the rope and scowled as it bit deeper into his chest. He could see Americus, his feet braced against the low lip of the flat roof, leaning back and pulling with all his might. 
Another thought struck Bax as he looked down, way down. "Wait, wait, wait, if the stryvog are dead, why don't you just come inside and help me back that way?" 
"Stry… what?"
"Stryvog. Nevermind, I'll explain later. Just get over here and get me down."
"Sorry. Can't do that Bax."
"Who says?"
Without relinquishing the rope, Americus gestured with his head to direct Bax’s attention higher up the face of the former stable. "They do."
Bax twisted as best he could to look upward. Three stryvog appeared over the edge of the roof, crawling down the wall toward their hapless prey. Bax then looked down, to where his rig and his pistols lay useless in the street. 
He looked desperately to Americus. "What are you waiting for? Pull!"
Americus turned and walked away from the edge of the roof, trailing the rope over his shoulder. Judging from the constricting noose, that Bax was sure would cut him in half before it freed him, his friend was giving his all. For his part, Bax kept an upturned eye on the approaching stryvog, all the while pushing against the wall with his hands. 
Suddenly, faster than he could react, he slipped through the small window. The rope went suddenly slack only to go taut an instant later as Bax plunged toward the street below. He heard Americus' boots scrabbling for a foothold on the rooftop, getting ever closer to the edge. The ground swept up in a blur. Then, miraculously, his descent was truncated, becoming instead a swinging motion. A laugh of relief escaped Bax, lasting only until he smashed against the front of the building. In the rush, he had not seen that coming.

***

Matthew and Cordelia stared in awe at their savior. He was tall and dressed in black from his flat crowned, wide brimmed hat to his finely tooled boots. Over it all, he wore a large, multi-colored poncho that hung down almost to his knees. 
 "The Bolo Kid!" Matthew exclaimed.
The man smiled broadly, removed his hat, and bowed deeply. "The one and only, my young señor, and…" he bowed again toward Cordelia, "señorita. Francisco Ochoa, at your service." He straightened, donned his hat, and said. "Matthew Graham, I presume?" 
Matthew nodded, filled with pride that such a legend would know his name. "How did you know?"
"How could I not recognize in you the courage of your mother, Elizabeth, and the boldness of your father, Charles?"    
The Bolo Kid turned to Cordelia. "I believe this is yours, señorita," he said as he handed Cordelia her police revolver.  "I would advise against losing such a fine implement, especially in such situations as these, señorita…" 
"McKenna, Cordelia McKenna," she replied. 
"McKenna? Of the circus McKennas?"
Cordelia nodded, apparently at a loss for words.
The Bolo Kid tapped his chin in reflection. "Ah, yes. I should have recognized your considerable skill with firearms, a rarity among the fairer gender. I once saw your act, two, maybe three years ago, in New Orleans. You are a most impressive marksman, señorita."
No one had noticed that the last stryvog had fallen silent. Perhaps it had done so to listen in on their conversation, but most likely to use their distraction to loosen the bolos that bound it. In any event, the creature sprang suddenly to its feet, snarling ferociously, clawing for the Bolo Kid's back. The Kid did not so much as flinch, and the stryvog, for its effort, received a smashing blow in the face from the Bolo Kid's elbow.
The monster spat blood and bile and launched itself into the sky with a powerful sweep of its wings. Cordelia had time enough to load a single round in her revolver, but by the time she raised the gun to fire, the stryvog had vanished into the night.
Suddenly Matthew's thoughts were of one thing. "Bax!"

***

Bax stood up, using the wall of the building for support. His head was ringing, his legs were wobbly, his ribs ached, and beneath his clothing, he could feel the raw burn caused by the rope encircling his chest. He felt slackness in the rope and had the wherewithal to free himself from its noose. He wasn't quite sure why he'd been lassoed. For that matter, he wasn't quite sure where he was. St. Louis? Yes. Matthew and Cordelia and… He looked around; to the building across the street. A screech resounded from the sky above. 
He looked up and saw a red-eyed demon diving straight for him. "Oh, right." 
Still a bit foggy, Bax dove to one side, barely evading the stryvog's strike. One of the creature's wings laid a welt across Bax’s shoulder. His guns were on the ground in front of the double doors. Almost there, he glanced back and saw the flying beast as it arced high through the air, silhouetted against the moon, preparing for a second pass.
Bax reached his six-guns, grabbed them up and stopped.  I'm forgetting something. The thought struck him with great urgency; yet, he could think of nothing beyond the stryvog that was now barreling down at him. 
As the creature closed the distance, Bax's memory was jogged by the cry of another stryvog from behind him. "Two of them!" Along with that recollection, the last of the cobwebs dissipated from his mind, and he remembered that Americus was here with him… somewhere. There wasn't time to speculate on the former Buffalo Soldier's exact whereabouts at the moment, for the first of the stryvog was all but upon him. He raised both Colts and unleashed them at point blank range, firing two shots from each. He sidestepped the beast, and it slammed into the heavy double doors. The thing had probably died while still in the air. 
Bax spun to confront the second creature, but it was nowhere to be seen on the moonlit street or in the dark heavens. 
A window shattered above him in the building on top of which he had last seen Americus. Amid the raining shards of glass, his friend dropped to the street, revolving rifle in hand, coming to rest on one knee. The rifle seemed to spring to his shoulder as he aimed above Bax's head. Bax glanced up to see the second stryvog, which had alighted on the face of the building, just as it let go to fall upon him.
Americus' rifle cracked the night air. The bullet caught the stryvog in the brain pan, the force of the impact knocking the beast from its trajectory, sending it crashing against the building.  Bax whistled softly, relieved, as Americus joined him where he stood and stared down at the dead monstrosities. 
"Ha! Just like old times, Bax! You in trouble, me saving your mangy hide."
Bax looked up and arched an eyebrow. "I'd be dead if this had been like old times, because you'd have tried to hack it death with that glorified pig-sticker you used to carry around."
"Pigst…"Americus scowled and settled the rifle into the crook of his left arm. "You know damn well Magna is a cavalry saber. She was a fine saber even before Hodur worked his magic on her." With that, Americus reached over his shoulder and brought his hand back clutching the hilt of the weapon in question. The blade gleamed in the moon-glow, as did the wicked smile on Americus' face. The length of the blade, like Bax’s Navy Colts, Mani and Sol, was covered with an assortment of Indian pictographs and Nordic runes and scrollwork. Unlike the pistols, Magna’s inlay was of bright, shiny copper. 
Bax just shook his head. "It's the age of the gun, Americus. If you're not careful you're going to become an anachronism."
Americus sheathed the saber and changed the subject. "In all the years I've known you, I've seen all manner of strangeness, Bax, but I've never seen the likes of these things - leastways not while I've been awake. I assume you know what they are."  
Bax nodded. "We've met before.


CHAPTER 23


 Matthew sat on the soft divan, the egg snuggly beside him in its carpetbag. He hadn't realized how dead tired he was until the chaos of the evening had wound down, and everyone had safely made their way back to the hotel.  Matthew, Cordelia, and Francisco had been more than a little concerned for Bax. They had no way to know if the cowboy had crossed paths with their enemies or not. 
 When Bax returned to the hotel, they were not surprised to learn that he had indeed had trouble. Like him they were puzzled over the fact that his trouble had been stryvog, and that the beasts had attacked him regardless of the fact that the egg had been elsewhere in Matthew's possession. They were somewhat less surprised that Bax had returned with a friend in tow.
 The four grown-ups were seated around the table. They spoke in hushed tones, though from the snippets he was catching, Matthew knew that Bax was bringing everyone up to date, filling them in on everything that had happened since Holly.
Suppressing a yawn, Matthew continued to listen in on the talk, but he found himself more interested in observing the people themselves. They were a study in contrasts. Bax was tall, lean, and broad shouldered; his hair dark and wavy. He sported a broad mustache and a divot below his lower lip. He was dressed in his customary Levis, a faded red shirt with the sleeves rolled halfway up his forearms. His wrists were wrapped in leather cuffs, the left embossed with a stylized moon, the right with a stylized sun. He still wore his vest but his dark buckskin jacket and his bedraggled Stetson hung on pegs near the door. 
The Bolo Kid, swarthy-complexioned, dark eyed with a neatly trimmed mustache and goatee, was dressed in black. Around his waist was tied a rich, red sash in which was tucked a pistol and, near the small of his back, his facon - the gaucho’s trusty blade. His poncho, with its multitude of pockets sewn to the inside with its collection of boleadoras, occupied a peg alongside Bax’s jacket.
And then there was Americus Freeman, quieter than Bax, more reserved than Francisco. He wore a white shirt and, over that, an old, weathered blue wool Army shell jacket, a remnant, like his forage cap, from his days as a Buffalo Soldier. The rest of his clothing, chiefly the grey britches tucked into high, black leather boots, was entirely civilian. His jacket, like everyone else’s, was also hung on a peg by the door, as was the scabbard that housed Magna, the Unbreakable Blade.
Cordelia sat with the legendary trio. Matthew was amazed at how right she seemed among these men who shared so much history together. Anyone could see that Cordelia was cut from the same cloth as Bax and his friends. The men seemed to recognize this instinctively for not one of them so much as hinted that Cordelia did not belong among them. At some point, Matthew sensed that the conversation had come to focus on the egg, but he could not focus as sleep bogged him down, fuzzing his concentration and muddling his thoughts. 
 When he could no longer keep his eyes open, Matthew was semi-aware of being carried to bed where he was gently deposited on the invitingly soft mattress. The carpetbag was laid beside him, and he wrapped his arms protectively around it. The last strands of awareness abandoned him entirely over to sleep.

***

 Bax stared down at the boy and smiled. He could still hear Charles and Elizabeth telling him for the umpteenth time, "You should put down roots, Bax. Marry yourself a good woman and start working on the next generation of Flemings." 
 Bax had considered the advice more seriously than either Elizabeth or Charles might ever have expected. While a part of him longed for a family of his own, the other part of him wasn't ready. How could he settle down when he hadn't yet figured out his place in the world? He had always believed - had always known - that he wasn't put here to be a cow: to be born, to breath, to eat, to reproduce, to die, and to have whiled all that time with his face to the ground chewing his cud. Anyone could do that, and to strive for, or to be nothing more was to squander the life you'd been given. 
 He walked over and checked the window. It was shut, the clasp slid home, locking it. Satisfied, Bax stepped into the hall. He left the door slightly ajar and went to rejoin his friends at the table.
He noticed Cordelia watching him, a wistful hint of a smile on her face. God only knew what was going on behind those dark eyes, but Bax had the unsettling feeling that the woman shared the Graham's thoughts as her gaze danced over him. He was grateful when she turned back to Americus and Francisco and said, "I'd hate to think how the night might have turned out if the two of you had not shown up when you did. We weren't even sure if either of you had gotten Bax's telegrams." 
 Bax settled into the chair next to Cordelia's and regarded the smug grins on his friends’ faces. "I'm not complainin' mind you, but just how long had you been following us?"
"From the moment we saw you approaching the Liberty," Americus said.
Francisco's dark eyes twinkled, and he pointed toward the ceiling. "One or the other of us has been on the roof for the past three days, waiting and watching for you to show up." 
After a moment's silence, Americus nodded toward the bed room. "Now, about that egg. You're serious about it being a…" he paused, clearly not believing what he was about to say. "… a dragon egg?"
Bax grimaced slightly, tilting his head toward Cordelia. "She thinks so."
A frown tugged at the corners of Cordelia's full lips. "You and I have already had this discussion, and, as I recall, you didn’t offer an alternative explanation."
Bax panned his gaze from Cordelia to Americus to Francisco. "She's got me on that one. The thing of it is, I don't know what else it could be, but the idea that it might be a dragon's egg - and all that might imply - scares the livin-bejeezus out of me." 
There were sober nods of agreement all round. Bax continued, "Whatever manner of egg it is, I can't imagine that Charles, Elizabeth or Milo didn't know it for themselves. The more I think about it, the more convinced I am that their wish to have the egg brought to Death Valley has less to do with rescuing them than with foiling their enemy which means, come hell or high water, that egg will get to Death Valley." 
  Ochoa, who had all the while been absently braiding a cord for a new bolo, looked up from his task. His face was grim, and he said, "I for one, hope the egg is not a dragon's egg. We will have enough problems as it is with the land itself. I have been close to Death Valley. Believe me, amigos; it is nothing short of Hell on earth, a sun-blasted furnace where only one thing is a certainty. Death."
Americus patted the Argentinean on the back. "Come on y’all. Any desert can be crossed if you have the necessary provisions. As for the dragon, I don’t recall anyone ever being done in by myths and fairy tales." 
Bax sighed. "You've seen the stryvog, Americus. As much as I'd like to, I’m not so sure we can entirely discount the dragon theory now."
The old Buffalo Soldier nodded. "Like I've already said, I've never seen the likes of these stryvog before, but the existence of one monster doesn't necessarily assure the existence of…"
A high pitched shriek erupted from the bedroom, and all four adults leaped to their feet, scattering their chairs in the process. Weapons drawn, they raced to the bedroom.
Bax was first to the door. He kicked it open on a dead run. The others filed through to his left and right. Ochoa had the presence of mind to bring the lamp from the table. Light filled the room, revealing the cause of the hullabaloo. Matthew was sitting at the head of the bed, his back pressed to the wall, a terrified look on his face. The carpetbag lay open before him. Bits of broken eggshell were strewn out from it across much of the bedspread. At the center of it all was the egg's recent occupant. 
 Stunned silence filled the room as Bax and the others slowly fanned out around the bed, carefully maintaining their distance, weapons at the ready. 
 Flaming, ruby-eyes darted repeatedly from Matthew to each of the adults and back again. At first glance Bax had thought the thing to be some sort of snake - albeit a grotesquely malformed snake - but he discarded that notion almost as quickly as it had occurred to him. The thing looked to be as long as one of Matthew's arms, though it was hard to be certain given the way that it slithered about, coiling and uncoiling its gleaming bronze body. In spite of its agitated movements, the thing kept itself more or less in one place on the bed. Its restless, fiery eyes were set within an almost avian face, replete with hawk-like beak. Where a bird would have sported plumage, the thing's head was adorned with an array of spikes and horns. 
 Just then, Americus must have spooked it, for the hatchling twisted around to face him. It hissed fiercely, and to the further janglement of everyone's nerves, unfurled an expansive pair of leathery looking wings. If it could fly, it decided not to for, as Americus took a cautious step back, the hatchling folded its wings back, flush against its body where they became all but invisible.  It turned back toward Matthew, flicked its tongue and resumed its restless coiling and uncoiling. 
Bax met Matthew's gaze as the boy glanced his way. With a trembling whisper, Matthew said, "I... I think it’s waiting for something."
An opportunity to strike, Bax thought. He kept his pistol aimed at the hatchling's head, wondering if a bullet would even penetrate the thicket of horns. "Pard, just stay still and quiet until we take care of that critter."
Bax became aware of Cordelia easing closer to his side. "We might be able to catch it with this quilt," she breathed, holding the fancy patchwork blanket she had taken from the chair in the corner of the room.
Bax hesitated, considering how to go about it. The hatchling hadn't moved much, but everything about it suggested a lightning quickness. If they missed, there was no way to know what it might do. The chance that it would almost certainly bite Matthew was too great. They'd either have to shoot it, or let Americus try his hand at it with Magna. Neither prospect appealed to Bax; flying lead and slashing steel might do more harm than good where the boy was concerned. Before Bax could settle on a course of action, Matthew began to move slowly, deliberately, his movements more cautious than fearful. 
"Pard," Bax said by way of a caution. He watched as Matthew inched closer to the twisting creature. What was the boy thinking? Bax kept his pistol aimed at the creature’s head. He tightened his grip against the sweating of his palm. If he was going to shoot, he would have to do it now, before Matthew got too close to the thing.
Then it was too late. Bax cursed himself for his inexplicable hesitation. Matthew and the hatchling were virtually nose to nose, their eyes locked. A cobra and mongoose, Bax thought, except that Matthew lacked everything that gave a mongoose its edge.
 The hatchling reared back slightly, as if to strike. It was at that moment that Matthew did a most unexpected thing. He exhaled. The effect was almost instantaneous. The hatchling ceased its writhing and slithered closer to Matthew.
"What is he doing?" Ochoa asked, his voice hushed.
Cordelia, still standing close to Bax, the quilt forgotten in her hands, said. "He's greeting it."
They watched. Matthew remained motionless, allowing the hatchling to coil itself around his upper body until it found a suitable resting place across his shoulders. 
Bax blinked in amazement. He looked to Cordelia. "You mean like the elephants?"
Cordelia nodded. "Exactly."
"Elephants?" Americus asked. "How did we go from eggs to dragons to… to whatever that thing is, to elephants?”
"It's a long story, one I believe the little man can tell you later. Ain't that right, pard?" 
Matthew nodded distractedly, entranced by the strange creature making itself comfortable on his shoulders. "It's a dragon," he said proudly, "a real live dragon."
Francisco was the first to holster his weapon. Bax was the last to do so, but even he had to admit that he sensed nothing threatening in the strange reptile's change of behavior. In fact once Matthew had breathed on it, the hatchling had clung to him like a second skin. Maybe for warmth, maybe for protection, maybe, Bax thought, a bit protectively.
 "So," Cordelia said suddenly enough to give everyone a start. "I suppose this means we will be visiting Mr. Chen after all."

***

After some discussion, during which it was debated whether they should seek Mr. Chen immediately, wait until morning to do so, or possibly even bring the old Chinaman to the hotel, they decided to wait until the morning to call on the old man. Even though none of them was in the least bit tired now, Bax pointed out that they would be needing all the sleep they could get in preparation for the days ahead. 
Bax watched Matthew wandering the suite, playing with the dragon pup as though it were a kitten or a puppy. Getting the boy to turn in was one thing, getting him to actually fall asleep would be another.  "Pard, that critter probably needs a good bit of rest. We all do. Why don't you go lie down and get some shut-eye?"
"Aww, do I have to? I'm not even tired."
Bax nodded. 
"What about the dragon?" There was a look of uncertainty on Matthew’s face
Bax smiled. "You can take your little friend with you. I don't reckon it's overly fond of anyone else anyway." 
Matthew beamed at the observation. From the bedroom door he said, "I wonder what it's going to want for breakfast?" With that, he ducked back into the room and closed the door.
Bax turned to the others to find all eyes on him, expectant. "Let's hope this Mr. Chen fella knows a thing or two about dragons."
 They settled back in around the table. Bax picked up his coffee cup and sipped. The coffee was lukewarm but he hardly noticed.
 "What are you thinking about?" Cordelia asked. 
 Bax thumbed his mustache and shrugged. "We really do need the sleep, especially the little man. The more I think about it, the more I think we’d be wise to find your Chinese friend tonight."
 Americus rocked slowly backward, his chair leaning precariously on its rear legs. "If you ask me, it won't matter if we're here or at Mr. Chen's. The sort of trouble we're up against will find us wherever we are."
 Francisco regarded his old friend with a look of disbelief. "You think we should go see this dragon expert tonight then, when it is dark and those stryvog creatures are about?"
 The Buffalo Soldier looked to Bax. "What I'm saying is that I think you made the right call, Bax. There's bound to be trouble before the night is through, but at least here, we'll be able to get some sleep."
 "I agree," Cordelia said through a sudden yawn.
 Ochoa stood up and started toward the coat rack. "I shall take the first watch."
 Bax nodded. He was about to tell the Argentinean to watch for trouble from every quarter, especially from the stryvog, who could and would come at you from any and all directions, but they all knew that first hand already. Instead, Bax said, "Wait up, I'll go with you." He started to rise when Americus motioned him to stay seated. 
"I'll go," the ex-Buffalo Soldier said. "The two of you look like yesterday's coffee grounds… No offense, Miss McKenna."
 Cordelia smiled. "I feel like yesterday's coffee grounds."  
  Ochoa, hat and bolo-laden poncho in hand, opened the door. "After you, amigo," he said to Americus.
 "Two hours," Bax said. His friends nodded and exited the room.

***

Matthew wasn't tired, and he certainly wasn't about to turn in. He closed the door behind him so that the grown-ups wouldn't hear him should his voice get too loud.
 The dragon was more amazing than anything he had ever known before. It was like something right out of Norse mythology, only smaller. Just how much it would grow was another question, but grow it would.  
 To breathe into the dragon's face, in the way the Cordelia had shown him to greet an elephant, had been a sudden impulse, yet from the moment he had done so, it had proven to be exactly the right thing to do. Whereas an elephant would always recognize you afterward, something was different with the dragon. It seemed to Matthew that, well, that the dragon now saw him as its parent.  
 "What would your real mother or father do with you?" he asked it. At the sound of Matthew's voice, the reptilian thing slithered from one shoulder to the other, craning its head around to stare him in the face. Matthew looked into its gleaming red eyes, and the dragon looked back. Whatever else the critter might be, Matthew knew then and there that it was a creature of intelligence.
Gently, so as not to startle it, Matthew peeled the tiny dragon from about his shoulders and laid it on the bed. It slithered onto the bedspread without complaint, though it kept close to Matthew, the tip of its forked tail seeking his arm out repeatedly as though assuring itself of Matthew's presence.
 His parents were not going to believe this. “No,” he corrected himself. Surely they knew. He felt a certain awe in thinking of his folks and his Grandpa Milo. He had read all about their adventuring days, had thrilled to the stories time and again, but that was all they had ever been to him - stories. Now his folks were back in the saddle, just like the old days. But, this time I am part of the adventure, he thought. This was an adventure, no doubt about it. He was now an adventurer just like all the Grahams before him. The thought caused him to smile. The dragon's tongue flickered from its beak and, when Matthew laughed, the dragon's eyes widened. 


CHAPTER 24


 "Your friends are just as I imagined they would be," Cordelia said.
 Bax grinned. "Is that good or bad?” He was walking to the room where Matthew was supposed to be sleeping.
 Cordelia followed him. "A good thing, of course, but it's got me thinking."
 Bax paused at the door and looked at her as she stopped beside him. He could already tell, by the way she'd said it, that he wasn't going to like what she was thinking. 
 "And that is?" he ventured.
 "I've read every book about the adventures of the Graham family and all of their friends which, as you know includes you, Americus, Francisco, and a score of others. But the author of the stories, Irving Cooper, doesn't appear in any of them. Isn't that queer?"
 "Why should it be?" Bax said. "Cooper is a yarn spinner - of questionable talent if you ask me - who probably lives in New York City or some such civilized place. I'd be surprised if the man's ever set foot this side of the Appalachians, and I doubt very much if he's ever adventured with the Grahams, let alone experienced anything worth committing to the printed page." 
Bax reached for the doorknob, ready to look in on Matthew, eager for a change of subject. Cordelia stopped him, her hand on his. He felt a tingle race up his arm. He saw her eyes widen slightly and a hint of color brightened her cheeks. She drew her hand away, refocused herself, and said. "That’s where I think you're wrong."
"Do you always think so much?"
 "Say what you like, Baxter Fleming, but if you ask me, not only has Irving Cooper been in plenty of harrowing situations, he's probably taken part in almost every one that he's written about."
Bax turned from the door. He leaned against the wall, crossed his arms, and plastered as dubious a look on his face as he could muster. "Now how in tarnation do you figure that?"
 "It would be impossible for an author to write about real people with such accuracy without knowing his subjects. Speculation wouldn't explain it. Even you have to admit that."
 He shrugged. "Maybe, but if this writer were a friend of ours - never mind as close a friend as you're implying - don't you think that one of us would have mentioned him by now?"
Cordelia nodded emphatically, "And that's my point exactly."
"Well, there's a simple enough reason we haven’t mentioned him, Cordelia. We don't know the man." He turned the doorknob and started to ease the door open.
"Oh, you know the man. If you think you can fool me, think again."
Bax paused before stepping into the room, flashing her his most charming smile. "I believe you do enough thinkin' for the both of us."

***

 The door creaked faintly as it was pushed open, and Bax peeked into the room. The intrusion was enough. The dragon pup hissed sharply, unfurled its wings and shot from the bed straight to Matthew's shoulders. The critter glared at Bax as though challenging him to mess with the boy.
“Easy there, little fella, I’m a frien…”
Suddenly ignoring Bax, the hatchling’s gaze shot toward the window, and the critter went still as stone.
Bax followed its gaze, an uneasy feeling welling in his stomach. His right hand drifted down to Sol just as the window exploded inward. Amid the shattering glass and splintering wood, a dark form crashed to the floor. Even as the shape rose before them, both Bax and Cordelia's pistols were in their hands and aimed at the intruder.
 "It's Francisco!" Matthew exclaimed from the floor on the far side of the bed, his voice a bit muffled by the dragon which had anxiously twined itself about his head and shoulders.
 Bax nodded, recognizing his friend and lowering his pistols. Francisco stood up, shaking glass from his poncho. "Amigo," he said to Bax, "I believe they are intending to come in through the window." The Argentinean had barely uttered the words before they proved true. He reeled as a stryvog flew through the window and slammed into him. 
 Bax's hands were but blurs as he raised and fired both six-guns, riddling the creature with burning lead. Matthew stood up nervously, one hand on the still jittery dragon which was once again draped across his shoulders. Bax moved to help Francisco to his feet. As Ochoa stood for the second time, Bax looked him over for any obvious injuries that the stryvog might have inflicted. Not seeing any blood, he asked, "Are you hurt?"
 Ochoa's expression became wounded. "Just my pride, amigo."
Cordelia raised her police revolver and moved to the window. She cautiously peered out into the night. "Where is Americus?" she asked.
 Ochoa shook his hat, which sent a few more pieces of broken glass tinkling to the floor. "I do not know, señorita. We had just stepped outside when el criatura infernal there grabbed me from behind and delivered me to you."
 Bax's jaw tightened. He didn't like the thought of his friend out there alone with God only knew how many stryvog. Furthermore, he liked it even less that there had been no sounds of a fight, no shots from Americus' rifle. 
 "We should go find him," Matthew suggested. 
 Bax looked over at him, standing calm and collected between the bed and the wall, the lizard hugging his neck. The boy was definitely a Graham. He hadn't realized he was smiling until Matthew smiled back.
 "The little man is right," he said to the others. "We can't stay here anyway; the stryvog would just box us in."    
"And where do we go?" Ochoa asked. "The entire night lies between us and the dawn, and I have a feeling the stryvog will not give us a moment’s rest."
 Cordelia moved to the left of the window frame. Bax heard the hammers of her revolvers click, ready to fire. "Don't think about it too long, Bax, because the stryvog aren't going to wait." Even before she finished speaking, she was shooting into the night.
 Bax heard the agonized screech of a stryvog, a sure sign that her aim had been true. 
He drew Matthew close to his side. "First we find Americus, and then we find your Mr. Chen." 
They moved toward the door. "Stay close to me, pard, stay beside me or behind me, but don't get in front of me, all right?"  
Matthew nodded.
While Cordelia and Ochoa kept an eye on the gaping window, Bax opened the door a sliver and peered out into the front room. "It looks clear. At least our luck hasn't completely soured, and that's sayin' somethin'."
Holding one of his Colts close to his shoulder, he led the way. Last from the bedroom, Ochoa pulled the door shut. Bax pointed to one of the chairs at the table. The Argentinean nodded, wedging the chair between the doorknob and the floor. 
Bax went to the front door and put his ear to it. He could hear a commotion of sorts on the other side, but it sounded faint, distant. If they were quick about, they could gather their stuff and slip away before the stryvog even realized they were gone. Don't be a fool Fleming, he chided himself, a little good luck was one thing, but the amount of luck they needed always came with a price.
 He glanced back to see Cordelia stuffing whatever she could into the carpetbag. The sound of tearing fabric drew his attention to Ochoa. The gaucho had drawn his facon and was using the knife to slice up his spare ponchos. Bax nodded appreciatively at Ochoa's quick thinking, as the Argentinean slipped the pared-down garment over Matthew’s head, more or less concealing the otherwise highly conspicuous reptilian-something-or-other.  
 Cordelia handed the heavily laden carpetbag back to Matthew, whose eyes widened at the weight of it. Next, she gathered up all the cartridge belts and stray rounds she could.  Bax accepted several of the belts, crisscrossing them over his shoulders.
 "Is that everything?" he whispered. 
 "Everything we can carry and still be able to run," Cordelia stated.
 "All righty then. I reckon our first objective will be the front doors. We'll stop there and try to get a bead on Americus' whereabouts."
To Matthew, Bax said, "Stay close, like I said, pard."  
Matthew nodded, his small face a mask of nervous determination. "Then let's go."  
As Matthew stepped closer to the door, the hatchling went rigid, hissing like an angry snake, peeping its jagged face through the collar of Matthew's new poncho. Bax regarded the dragon; it was acting just as it had before the stryvog had hurled Ochoa in through the window. "I reckon that means we're expected." 
"The longer we wait, the worse it's likely to get," Cordelia pointed out.
She was right, of course, and so, with Matthew and the others behind him, Bax opened the door. The sounds, which had been faint and distant before, were now loud and close at hand. Down the length of the hall, apparently roused by the growing ruckus, he saw a few curious faces peering from some of the other doors. Other than that the coast appeared clear of stryvog. He wondered how close the source of the noise actually was as he stepped onto the third floor balcony. The answer came at him in flurry of wings and claws. He shoved Matthew back through the door and heard the hatchling hiss. 
Bax leaned against the closed door, holding it shut even as the stryvog hurled themselves against it. He was trying to form some course of action, some means of escape when Matthew tugged at his sleeve. 
"Bax! There’s smoke coming in under the door!" the boy exclaimed. He pointed to the foot of the door. Wispy tendrils had begun to snake their way into the room through the gap between the door and the floorboards, a harbinger of the danger awaiting them on the other side. 
“Crap! Crap! Crap!” Bax cursed under his breath as he moved close to the door. He holstered Mani, and then placed a hand on the door. It wasn't yet hot to the touch. 
  "Stand back," he told the others before cautiously opening the door. He coughed as thick smoke swept into the room, drawn in by the opening of the door. Through the shifting haze, he could hear that the hotel was in chaos. Folks were running, their footfalls sounding from every direction. Voices, fearful and calm, controlled and panicked, were calling out from all quarters. 
  A man and a woman, both in their evening gowns, rushed by Bax as he stepped to the balcony railing and looked down to the lobby far below. The smoke, though thick, was considerably less oppressive. He could see fire, and the blaze was spreading, crawling up the walls, dancing along the winding banisters of both spiral staircases. 
The carpeting on the steps was also burning; the flames marching upward. The front desk was on fire, sending up thick black smoke. In the center of the lobby, the hotel's fine furniture had been heaped into a pile and set ablaze, a sure sign that the fire had been deliberately set.
 A commotion drew his attention to the double doors of the hotel's main entrance. Several men carrying pails of water were trying to get inside to fight the blaze. Though it was clearly too late to do any good, the would-be fire fighters were barred access by a quintet of armed men standing just inside the entrance. Bax instantly recognized the four as trouble and, almost certainly, as the arsonists responsible for the blaze. The men with the water buckets were riled for a moment, but quickly backed down when the hired guns drew their irons.
 Just then one of the men with buckets noticed Bax. A worried look crossed the man’s face. He pointed toward Bax but his words were lost over the roar of the fire. His tone was unmistakably imploring. The gunman to whom he’d spoken buffaloed him with a hard whack of his six-gun, and then looked up to the balcony where Bax stood. 
 Bax didn't bother to waste bullets on the men below; instead, ducked back into the room even as the gunmen unleashed a volley of shots at him. Bax slammed the door shut and flinched mildly as one of the slugs punched through the panel just inches above his head, creasing his battered hat. "We should probably find some other way out of here," he said matter-of-factly.
  "There isn't another way," Cordelia replied, "unless we suddenly sprout wings and fly out the window."
Bax stepped away from the door, not bothering to secure it since he couldn't imagine anyone or anything fool enough to try coming up through the growing fire. "In case you failed to notice, using that there door is liable to get you shot or roasted alive." 
 "The fire escape!" Matthew exclaimed.  Even as he spoke, he headed back to the bedroom. 
 Bax double-timed it across the room, cutting him off before he could open the door. "Easy there, pard. Let's see if it's safe before we go barging in."
Matthew nodded, taking a step closer to Cordelia and Ochoa, who had caught up to them.  Bax drew Mani and started to open the door. On second thought, he motioned Matthew still further away with a flick of his chin, and then Sol too was freed of its holster. Taking a deep breath, Bax kicked the door open and dashed into the room, pistols before him. Sure enough, trouble was waiting. 
A pair of startled stryvog tore their attention from the broken bits of eggshell as Bax stormed into the room. Their fiery eyes fixed on the glinting silver and gold of his legendary Navy Colts. Bax had expected the beasts to attack him outright, though he had held out the hope that they would scatter to the wind. They did neither. 
In the split second before he squeezed the triggers, Bax couldn't believe what he was seeing. With lightning quickness, the two creatures went at one another as though turning on themselves. They began to merge into one larger beast, crooks and crannies fitting together like pieces of a picture puzzle whose seams vanished so that the picture completed was no longer a collection of parts but, rather, a unified whole. 
The resulting stryvog was now equal to Bax's six foot frame. It loomed even taller from its vantage upon the bed. More than its altered stature, the beast seemed even more massive than the original pair’s combined weight should have allowed. Hard as it was to believe, it was even uglier than its smaller incarnations.
That's one mystery solved, Bax thought grimly as he began firing. He fired five shots, three of which ricocheted wildly off the chitinous hide. As for the other two shots, the stryvog barely twitched as the bullets pierced its flesh through gaps in its thickening hide.
Suddenly, Cordelia and Ochoa were at Bax's side. Cordelia's police revolver barked repeatedly. A bolo flew from one of Ochoa's hands while he fired his pistol with the other. The bullets had no more effect than Bax's had, though he unloaded a few more just in case. Ochoa's bolo twined itself around the beast's torso, miraculously pinning both of the creature’s arms to its sides. It howled upon finding itself bound by the braided leather cord. 
"Good shot," Bax said as he holstered Mani. He quickly dumped the spent shells from Sol's cylinder and began to feed in fresh rounds. He had to be quick while the monster was at least partially immobilized. The thing's hideous face, like any varmint's face had soft spots, and Bax had six rounds with which to fill them.
He flipped Sol's loaded cylinder home, but just as he raised the golden etched six-gun, the stryvog sliced the bolo cord with the claw-tipped first digit of one of its wings.  The beast launched itself from the bed toward Bax, who stood his ground as the creature covered the ten intervening feet. At the last possible second, Bax squeezed the trigger six times; six bullets ripped through the stryvog's raging mouth and out through the back of its head. 
Both Cordelia and Ochoa had their own pistols reloaded by then, but as they stepped forward, the creature was already dead at Bax's feet.
"That was close," Cordelia said, looking down at the nightmare incarnate.
“It always is” Ochoa said.
Bax turned to find Matthew framed in the door. Behind the boy, the main room was thick with smoke. "It's safe enough now, pard. Come on in," he said calmly, with a wave of his hand, in spite of the fact that, through the smoke, he could see patches of the far wall beginning to blacken as fire ate at it from the other side.
As Matthew hurried forward, with the hatchling well concealed beneath the poncho, Bax, in a hushed voice, said to Cordelia, "If we don't get out of here quick, we won't be gettin' out at all."
"Amigo," Ochoa called from further inside the room, “I do not see the rope." 
The four of them joined the search, but the escape rope was nowhere to be found. 
Suddenly Matthew was staring at the shattered window. "Did you see that?" he asked no one in particular as he raced toward the empty pane.
"Pard, get away from that window," Bax said, his growing concern for their situation creeping into his voice. 
"Look!" Matthew exclaimed. "It's a rope."
Bax looked to where the boy was pointing through the window. Sure enough, there was a rope dangling from what could only be the hotel's roof. Already they were all moving toward it, Bax methodically reloading both Mani and Sol as he went. 
When Bax reached the window, Ochoa was already leaning out and looking up. He ducked back in. "It is our missing compadre," he declared.  
"Well, at least we know he's all right," Matthew said cheerily.
"And just in time too," Cordelia added. "The fire is starting to come up through the floors."
They looked to where plumes of smoke had been wriggling up between the floorboards; now flames too could be seen clawing up from below.
"Come on, people, we can dawdle about later!" Bax said. "Cordelia, you go first."
She objected. "Matthew should go first."
Bax shook his head. "You first, then Matthew. There are more than likely more stryvog out there, and someone needs to watch Americus' back while he helps the rest of us up."
"All right," Cordelia said. She went to the window and reached through it for the rope. "Americus? Are you ready for us?"
The Buffalo Soldier's voice drifted down. "Sooner would be better than later."
Bax began to tie the rope securely around Cordelia's slender waist. He was acutely aware of her nearness. She was a Lady to the bone, yet here she was about to climb up the side of a burning building, and she was nothing if not up to the challenge. As a matter of fact, it seemed to Bax that she was rather enjoying it all. A peculiar notion sprang fully formed and yet, now of all times, wholly unwelcome, into his thoughts. When all this is over, I should to ask for her hand in… The unexpected thought gave him pause. He found himself staring at the nearly finished knot.
"Bax?" Cordelia uttered his name, snapping him from his strange reverie. "What's the matter?"
"What? Nothing, " he said and then hastily finished tying the rope. "Um, be careful," he added awkwardly.
Cordelia gave him a curious look before climbing onto the window sill. "Here I come, Americus," she called out. "Three… two… whoooooo!"
Thinking something had gone wrong, Bax lunged after her as she slipped into the smoky air. 
"I've got her," Americus yelled down to him, as he slowly pulled Cordelia upward. "I got tired of waiting for you two to quit your gabbing." 
Moments later, the rope was lowered again. Already Bax could hear the creak and snap of collapsing timber from deep inside the doomed hotel. The place was going faster than he had anticipated. "All right, little man, you're next," he said as he tied the rope around Matthew. "This'll be easy as pie. All you need to do is sit back and enjoy the ride."
 Matthew smiled. "I'm not scared."
The cowboy lifted him to the sill. "Pull away, Americus." Bax saw the thrilled look on Matthew's face as the boy swung outward, away from the building. "When you get up there, stick close to Cordelia, you hear me?"
Matthew nodded. "I will," he said as he disappeared into the darkness above. 
Ochoa coughed. "The smoke is getting dangerously thick, amigo. 
Suddenly a large section of the room’s floor collapsed with a tremendous groan. A swarm of glowing orange cinders swirled up into the main room upon the devil's own breath, sparking new fires wherever they came to rest.
Bax looked to his friend. "We'll worry about the smoke later. Now vamoose". 
Ochoa nodded once, looking none too happy about leaving Bax. Once the Argentinean had gone the way of the others, Bax double checked the cartridge belts and glanced about the blazing room for anything else that could be salvaged. Don't bother lookin', he thought to himself. Once he was out, they would all be safe from the immediate threat, and there was nothing irreplaceable left behind.
He could already feel the heat tightening the skin on his cheeks, could feel it sapping the moisture from his eyes. He stepped to the window and leaned out, looking for the rope. He barely glimpsed the tail end of it as it disappeared onto the rooftop. The thickening smoke had now found the window, and it began roiling past him as made for the outside. He pulled his bandana up over his mouth and nose and squinted his eyes against the stinging smoke.
He leaned further out the window. Where was the rope? He glanced back through the gloom; the fire was bearing down on him something fierce now. Still no rope. He looked over the edge but smoke from below obscured the ground three stories below. He would jump if he had to, but who knew what he might land on down there? The edge of a wagon, a pile of lumber, bricks, or things sharper and deadlier. 
Where the Sam Hill is that ro… It hit him square in the face as he turned his head to look up. He grabbed hold of the rope just as the fire came close enough to singe his britches. "Are you ready up there?" He didn't bother waiting for a reply, nor did he bother tying the rope about himself, opting instead to leap through the window, away from the licking flames. He swung outward in a relatively graceful arc, but just as he was carried back toward the building, he began to drop straight down. His stomach lurched into his throat. Then, just as suddenly, the rope went taut, ending his descent ended with a jolt. He resumed his swing toward the side of the burning building.
He gritted his teeth as he struck the wall with a thud, his left knee bearing the brunt of the impact. Half climbing, half pulled, he made it to the rooftop where Americus and Ochoa dragged him up over the edge. 
Bax sat up, rubbing the soreness from his kneecap. In every direction, he saw nothing but thick, dark smoke. It rose in great, restless walls, the color of a cast-iron frying pan. The fact that Bax was beginning to feel the heat through the roof only added to the feeling of being fried like so much bacon. 
"Sorry about letting you slip like that, Bax," Americus said. "You're a lot heavier than you used to be."
Bax was about to remark that the extra weight was all muscle when he noticed that Americus was peeling a pair of cowhide gloves from his hand. Bax could see where the rope had ravaged the leather palms. "It was my own fault. I sort of jumped from the window. Are your hands hurt?"
Americus grinned and held both palms up for inspection. They looked fine. "My hands are all right. It's my back that's killing me."
As he got to his feet, Bax noticed Matthew standing somewhat close to the edge, looking over the scene below. "Pard, stay back here. We don't need you fallin' off or being seen by any unwanted eyes."
Matthew returned to where they were getting themselves together. "Where is the fire brigade? I don't hear any fire bells," he observed.
Bax looked to Americus. The ex-cavalry scout shook his head resignedly and tossed away his ruined gloves. "I'm sure they'll show up, Matthew… eventually," he said. "Least ways they will before the fire can do any considerable damage to the surrounding structures."
"Why would they let any building burn if they can do something about it?" Cordelia asked. 
Americus sighed deeply, and coughed a bit on the thickening smoke. "Because the word hereabout is that the Liberty is owned by a Negro, that's why. Like it or not, there are folks aplenty who think that letting the hotel burn to the ground will remind the owner of his proper place."
Bax could see by the sudden fire in Matthew's eyes that the boy understood. "They can't do that, can they? Can they, Bax? It isn't right."
"No, pard, it isn’t," Bax said as he stood up and wiped fruitlessly at the soot smudging his britches. 
Americus smiled warmly and tousled Matthew's hair; drawing his hand back when the dragon hissed a warning from the collar of the boy's poncho. "I'd say the future is looking better already," he said, unflustered.
"But it is your hotel and it is going up in flames," Cordelia said.
Americus' smile broadened, and he gave Bax a knowing look. To Cordelia, Bax said, "It is Americus' hotel. The rumors have that much right; that is a fact. But it's also a fact that he has certain silent partners for insurance purposes."
Matthew looked puzzled, but a wicked smile brightened Cordelia's face as she said. "So they're going to let your place burn down and then unwittingly compensate you for their bigotry. Oh I like that," she said. "I like that a lot! Very poetic."
"And believe you me, I already know exactly how I plan to spend my share of that claim," said Americus. “The Missus and I already have ourselves a fine, west Kansas spread but we’ve been thinking about establishing a town, a place decent folk can call home.”  
Cordelia looked more than a little impressed. “Does this town have a name yet?”
Americus smiled proudly. “Freemen, Kansas, of course.”
“I can’t think of a nobler way to spend the money,” Cordelia said.
Ochoa, who had been making a circuit of the rooftop, came back to where they were clustered just as Americus finished speaking. "He'll be spending it on our funerals if we do not get off the building muy pronto, amigos."
Ochoa's remark brought Bax back to their compromising predicament. In just the time of their brief exchange, their situation had become considerably worse. In several places the plumes of fire had breeched the roof, dotting the rooftop like Hell's own flower garden. 
Bax sent Americus an alarmed look, but the ex-Buffalo Soldier seemed anything but vexed as he calmly began gathering up the rope, coiling it around his arm. When he had finished, Americus motioned everyone to follow him as he struck out toward the opposite edge of the roof. "I already looked here," Ochoa said as they reached the edge. "Your rope isn't long enough to reach the ground, and those windows below are belching fire." 
"Trust me," was all Americus said.
The smoke had become so thick now that it completely blotted the moon from view. The illumination cast by the blossoming flames was more than enough to see that the tar on the roof was beginning to bubble. 
Matthew slipped and would have fallen had Bax not caught him by the arm and righted him. "Easy there, pard."
"Thanks," Matthew breathed. "It's getting slippery, and my feet are getting hot. Are yours?"
Bax nodded, but before he had time to voice his reply, a section of the roof directly in front of them imploded, expelling a geyser of glowing embers high into the smoky night sky. He tried to stop, to haul himself and Matthew clear of the fiery maw, but his boots only slid in the black goo; a slide made more severe as the burning roof around the hole began to crumble inward. The others had heard the roof giving way and sprang into action as Bax fought to break his slide.
With all of his strength, Bax lifted Matthew and heaved him bodily away from the hole. The boy landed safely on his feet, and Cordelia rushed to him. For his effort, Bax found himself even closer to the expanding hole. He could see down into it, a seething lake of flames. He squinted against the stinging heat, and could see the skeleton of the room below; the two-by-four boards glowed brightly orange as though lit from within.
He pulled his gloves from his belt and slipped them on. Then on all fours he tried to scramble to safety. The sticky roofing tar claimed his left-hand glove and, before he even realized that it was missing, he’d planted his bare hand in the scalding pitch. His curse was drowned by the howling conflagration. 
He started as a lasso looped itself over his shoulders. He looked up from the hungry pit and saw Americus pulling at the other end of the rope, and then Ochoa was there, along with Cordelia and Matthew, drawing him to safety. As soon as Bax was out of immediate danger, Matthew dashed to his side. "Bax! That was close. Are you all right?"
"Never better," Bax said with a smile, though he knew the relief in his eyes was evident as he looked to his friends with silent gratitude. With a pop and a snap, the hole widened as more of its edge collapsed. "But I'm ready to be off this bonfire just the same."
"This way," Americus said again. 
They reached the back edge of the hotel. Americus was looking left and right for something over the side. 
Bax, keeping Matthew behind him, stepped to the edge and had a look for himself. Nothing but rising smoke, patches of which glowed orange where fire shown through the windows below, met his eyes. Cordelia and Ochoa joined him, seeing the situation for themselves before looking back to Bax and Americus. 
Matthew tugged at Bax's sleeve. "Are we going to jump?"
"No!" said every adult save Americus, who had stopped in his searching and said, "Yes."
Cordelia looked at Americus as though he'd lost his mind. "Are you crazy? It's a three story drop."
Americus cleared his throat, "Actually it's more like four since we're on the roof."
"How did you get up here?" Ochoa asked, looking none too thrilled with the prospect of jumping. "Surely we can leave by the same way."
Americus moved over to the tall chimney. He draped the rope around it and began tying it off. "After you were snatched up, I knew those stryvog were back. I ran to the front door to warn Bax and the others, but already the lobby was engulfed in flames and there were a few thugs watching the door so I ran to the back door. When I opened it, I could see the fire spreading, getting closer. I could enter that way but I knew that there wouldn’t be a chance of us getting out the same way." He tossed the loose end of the rope over the side of the building. "There," he said. "Anyone who doesn’t care to jump can climb down at least half way."
"You're still jumping?" Cordelia asked. 
Americus tipped his forage cap, grinned, and stepped out into the smoky air. 
As one, they swarmed to the edge. The former Buffalo Soldier disappeared into the churning sea of smoke.
"Americus?" Bax called tentatively.
"Come on down. The straw is fine."
Bax smiled. "Should have known he would have thought things through," Bax said.
Ochoa swept his hand over the spot where Americus had jumped. "After you señorita," he said with a bow.
 Cordelia turned to Matthew. "I'll see you on the ground, Mattie," she said and then stepped over the edge.
 "That's two," Americus called up.
 Bax couldn't tell whether Matthew's smile was from excitement or nervousness as the boy moved closer to the edge. "Wait a tick, pard. We'll let Francisco go first."
"Adios," the Argentinean said before disappearing into the smoky air streaming up the sides of the building.
“I can do it,” Matthew said eagerly. 
Bax nodded, thinking the boy's spirited attitude was doing his family name proud. A bit too spirited, he thought, as he caught Matthew by the tail of his poncho, just before he was about to jump. 
 "What's the matter?" Matthew asked.
 "Nothin', pard. I just want you to use the rope."
 "Awww."
 "Don't look too disappointed, pard. The rope doesn't go all the way to the ground. You'll still have a whole story to drop."
As he spoke, Bax pulled up the dangling rope. He looped it under the boy's arms and tied it securely. "I'll lower you and holler when the rope is played out. Then you pull this here bit." He pointed to the tip of the rope protruding from the knot. "But not before I say to," he said as he lowered Matthew over the edge.
 The dragon hissed at Bax as though it didn't approve of his telling Matthew what to do. Ugly varmint, Bax thought as the smoke enveloped Matthew and the ornery lizard.
 Hand over hand, Bax slowly played the rope out. A brief sudden tug almost pulled him off the roof. "Pard! Quit wigglin' around. You're almost there."
 He shook his head and kept feeding the rope into the smoke. Suddenly the rope reeled to the left, tearing through Bax's hands. "What the…!" The rope went slack for a moment and then went taut again, streaming to the right.  Bax fought to hold the line. Something was fighting him. It wasn't Matthew; it had to be those damnable stryvog. 
Barely audible above the roar of the blazing fire, he thought he detected the flapping of leathery wings. Then, though he might have imagined it, he thought he heard Matthew cry out his name. Desperately, Bax fought to maintain his hold of the rope. 
 Suddenly, by the glow of the burning rooftop, the rising smoke exploded as the dark shape of a stryvog shot up, just a foot or two in front of him, knocking him backwards on the bubbling tar of the rooftop. 
 "Bax!" Matthew cried from high overhead, his voice trailing off into the black heavens. The rope rose up, trailing after the stryvog, the coarse fibers ripping through Bax's hands. The gloved hand bore up well enough, but the tarred palm felt the bite of the rope until its end slipped skyward from his grasp. 
“No!” Bax cried as he leapt after it, but the rope, the stryvog, and Matthew were gone, and Bax tumbled over the edge. 

***

 The smoke thinned, and Matthew watched in terrified wonder as the earth fell away. The Liberty Hotel was all but engulfed in bright orange flames. The dying building became smaller and smaller as the stryvog spirited him higher into the sky. Up and up, the stryvog carried him. The city sprawled into view, but even as it did so, the surrounding blackness of the night encroached upon the periphery, devouring it even as it came into view.  
Matthew strained to see the roof of the hotel, but he could see nothing of Bax through the mountainous column of smoke billowing up from the burning building. He wondered if Bax had seen him. He hoped so, and yet it made no real difference for nothing Bax could have done would have saved him. He only hoped that the cowboy had been able to save himself.
Matthew felt a rolling in his stomach as the stryvog banked to the left. The creature made a guttural, angry sound as though it detested having to carry Matthew along. When it had been unable to separate the dragon from him, the stryvog stole them both away.
The diminutive dragon hissed every time the stryvog made one of its grotesque sounds. The hatchling hugged tightly around Matthew's upper body beneath the wind-whipped poncho. The dragon has wings. Surely it can fly, Matthew reasoned. And yet the dragon did not abandon him.
Matthew let himself be swept away over the city without struggle, not just because he could not break the stryvog's iron grip, but because the ground was so perilously far below. He took a small measure of comfort that the dragon clung to him, if even for its own protection. 
 Distance had reduced the fire to nothing but an orange glow by the time the stryvog began its descent elsewhere in the city. Unfortunately for Matthew, the beast covered Matthew's mouth with a clawed hand to prevent him from crying out for help.
 They alighted in a dreary alley, among woeful looking buildings. As the dust stirred up by the last flapping of the stryvog's wings began to settle back to earth, Matthew caught sight of movement in the nearby shadows. His eyes widened and then narrowed to slits as Mr. Dardy stepped into view.
 "Well, well," he said to Matthew. "If it isn't the pesky little brat from Michigan. Too bad your cowboy friend can't be here to help you... oh wait. He would be except that he's probably nice and crispy by now." Dardy flashed him an ugly smile. "That's right, little boy. Your friends are dead. I suppose you should count yourself lucky since you were supposed to have perished with them.
 "They aren't dead," Matthew said. "But you're going to wish they were when they come to rescue me."
 Looking vexed, Dardy theatrically rubbed at his temples. "The only thing I wish at this point is that you had shared their fate. Now I'll have to decide how to dispose of you all over again."   
 Still held by the stryvog, Matthew glared scathingly at Dardy, but the lawyer ignored him now. Meeting the stryvog eye to eye, Dardy snarled. "The egg, you idiot." He jabbed a finger at Matthew's shoulder as he berated the creature. "You were supposed to bring the egg. Not...."
 The dragon darted from the concealing neck of the poncho and clamped its beak onto the lawyer's offending hand. Dardy's agonized scream echoed up and down the alley. He snatched his injured hand from the sharp beak. For a moment he clutched the wound, staring in wide-eyed horror at the bright red blood oozing between his fingers. He plucked his handkerchief from his vest pocket. Using his good hand and his teeth, Dardy wrapped the white linen around the wound and tied it tightly in an effort to staunch the bleeding. The handkerchief turned red almost immediately, but it seemed to do the trick. The wound was no longer bleeding freely.
A murderous look filled Dardy's eyes as he turned on Matthew. "You… you… little fool! What have you done? What have you done?" 
Matthew tried not to gloat over Dardy's comeuppance, but he knew his satisfaction showed. "I hope that hurts a lot," he said.
Dardy ignored the needling. He had begun pacing in a circle around the grimly quiet stryvog and its captive. 
 "Serves you right," Matthew said.
 Dardy froze in his tracks as though struck by some sudden thought.
 Matthew swallowed the knot that had been his false bravado. He did not like the calm calculating look that suddenly filled the lawyer's beady, ferret-like eyes.
 "How did you do it?" he asked Matthew.
 "Do what?"
 Dardy looked away from Matthew at the saturated handkerchief. "It was protecting you." He seemed to be talking more to himself than to Matthew. "Somehow you bonded with it, but that's impossible. Only the Brotherhood possesses such knowledge."
 He shifted his gaze from his injured hand to Matthew. "This is your lucky night, boy. It appears you'll be needed alive for at least a while longer after all." 
 Suddenly Dardy's grimace became more pronounced. He looked at his swaddled hand and his face blanched, the only color left on it was the black of his thin mustache. 
 Matthew saw the reason at a glance. There was something happening to the lawyer's fingers - something bad. The nails had blackened and the skin surrounding them looked grey and withered.  A shiver danced up Matthew's spine. It looks as though Dardy's hand is dying, he thought. 
 Sweat broke out on the man's face, glinting in the moonlight, as he turned murderous eyes on Matthew. Dardy's gaze locked and lingered with Matthew's briefly before drifting to the poncho collar. Beneath the loose garment, Matthew felt the hatchling slither about his shoulders, hissing menacingly, as though aware of Dardy's ill-willed intentions.
 With one more troubled glance at his hand, Dardy snapped at the stryvog. "Bring them along. There isn't time to waste." 
 The beast propelled Matthew forward, following Dardy through the nearby shadow-cloaked entrance. The building that Matthew found himself ushered into was unmistakably a brewery. The pungent smell of old, spilled beer was pervasive. They had entered into the back of the building, and casks and kegs lined the walls in orderly ranks. Darkness shrouded most of the interior from Matthew’s curious eyes.  
 Several tough looking men were playing poker on the end up of an upturned barrel. They looked up as Matthew, Dardy, and the stryvog entered. 
 "Boss! You're bleedin’!" one of them exclaimed as he and his companions leaped to their feet, drawing their weapons, knocking over the barrel in the process, and sending cards and money flying.  
 "What happened?" said another as he brushed past Matthew and the stryvog toward the door. He peered out into the dark alley. Seeing nothing, he pulled the door shut.
 "Never you mind, Byrnes," Dardy barked. "Is everything ready?"
 The man called Byrnes holstered his gun. "It is, but…" He looked curiously at Matthew. "We aren't leaving without the egg, are we?"
  "The plans have changed. Get the men together. We're leaving now."
 Byrnes turned to the other men. "You heard the boss. Move it!"
  Matthew watched as Dardy's roustabouts gathered up their cards and their money. "Don't get any ideas, Willard," said one of them. "We'll sort out the money later."
 "Hurry up," Byrnes snapped. He and Dardy had moved and were now standing, dwarfed beside an enormous keg. The men hastened over, warily skirting the stryvog. Dardy motioned the creature to join them. It obeyed, dragging Matthew along with it. 
 Byrnes pulled down on the tap protruding from the keg's face. Matthew watched in surprise as the whole end of the massive barrel swung up like a giant round door, a secret door.
 From the shelf on the wall next to the false keg, Byrnes removed and lit a lantern. "Kill those lamps," he said to his men.  Darkness filled the room, huddling close around Byrnes' lantern.  Satisfied, he led the way through the opening followed by Dardy, Matthew and the stryvog, and the rest of Dardy's gang. 
 Almost immediately the passage beyond the keg-door began to descend. Matthew stumbled as his feet met solid steps. Not wooden, he thought, but stone carved from the earth itself. 
 The tunnel quickly became damp and chill. The dank air was thick with a cold, earthy smell.
 "What is this place?" Matthew asked. His words echoed away in both directions.
 He saw Dardy, silhouetted by Byrnes’ lantern, look back at him. Still treading the stairs, he said, "The caves of St. Louis. Even if any of your friends survived the fire, this is quite possibly the last place on earth that they would think to look for you."
 Matthew scowled. He tried to kick Dardy, but the stryvog still held his arms pinned to his side and his kick fell well short of the lawyer's posterior.
 "They'll come," Matthew insisted. "They'll find this cave, and they’ll find me, and then you'll be sorry." 
  Dardy shook his head. "I'm almost beginning to wish it could be so. I would like to have personally seen them meet their ends. However, I'm afraid that even if by some miracle they were to actually follow us here, these caves are a Byzantine maze from which they might never find their way out. We, on the other hand, know the way, and we will be well away from here before your friends even realize they are hopelessly lost."
 Dardy laughed long and hard until, in his cruel mirth, he bumped his injured hand. He quit laughing in favor of cursing. His tirade brought the march to a halt just as the passageway leveled out. When at last he reined in his fury, he stepped close to Matthew and glowered down at him. 
 "I wouldn't worry about my friends if I were you, boy." Matthew turned his head as Dardy waved his hand, bloody wrappings and all, in his face. The hatchling hissed, and the man quickly drew his damaged hand away. Dardy continued. "You should be more concerned about what is going to happen to you when the time comes."
 Matthew said nothing, trying his best not to look afraid. Thankfully, Dardy's attention was drawn away when Byrnes called to him. 
 "Boss."
 "What?" Dardy growled.
 Looking a bit flustered, Byrnes said, "Your torch."
  With a sudden impatience, Dardy snatched up the unlit torch. Byrnes proceeded to hand each of the men a torch of his own from a small crate nestled among the stalagmites at the edge of the path. Lighting his, he in turn used it to light the others.
 In the growing light, Matthew received his first good look at their surroundings. He almost whistled in amazement, but checked the impulse. The passage they had descended through had widened into a spacious cavern throughout which a forest of stalactites and stalagmites cast jittery shadows in the flickering torchlight. The ceiling didn't seem all that high to Matthew, but he reasoned that they weren't yet all that far underground. 
 To his left, beyond a few globby rock formations, the cavern floor dropped away into a stygian blackness. While Dardy’s gang was busy with their torch lighting, Matthew, out of sheer curiosity, quietly kicked a loose pebble into the abyss. He listened for a sound that never followed. 
 He was still listening when Dardy's voice sounded close to his ear, startling him. "You’d better watch your step, boy. It's a long way to the bottom, if there even is a bottom," he added with a wolfish smile before turning away and moving to the front of the line.
 As the men, who had been spread out around the small clearing, began to cluster together where the path ahead of them narrowed, the stryvog snarled. It moved several paces back, dragging Matthew with it. 
 "What's wrong with that thing?" one of the men asked. 
  Matthew saw Dardy cast a sour look his way. "Too much light," he said. "Don't worry about it. Once we're moving along single-file, it will follow." 
 Byrnes led the way, followed by Dardy, and, one by one, the rest of the gang. As he waited, Matthew thought of Dardy's description that the caves were a Byzantine labyrinth. He wasn't certain what Byzantine meant but he knew what a labyrinth was. He imagined Bax and the others becoming lost forever while trying to find him.  
 The line of men was moving along until only the last few men remained to follow. Desperately, Matthew scoured the scene with his eyes for some way to mark his passage. With his arms pinned to his sides by the stryvog, his options were limited. He glanced to the ground at his feet, thinking he could scratch some sign in the dirt. His heart sank, for other than a few bits of crusted rock, the surface was solid stone. 
 As the last of Dardy's men started forward, the stryvog followed, shoving Matthew ahead of itself.
 Beneath his poncho, the dragon stirred, and Matthew reached a hand up, intending to give the little creature a comforting pat when the rough cut hem of the garment caught his eyes. Quickly shielding his actions from the stryvog's view, Matthew pulled several coarse threads from the poncho and discreetly dropped them onto the path.


CHAPTER 25


"What happened? Where is Mattie?" Cordelia asked as Bax extricated himself from the hay-filled wagon.
 Ochoa glanced up at the burning hotel. "We heard him call your name but…"
 "The stryvog," was all Bax said as he drew both Mani and Sol and stormed off, heading around to the front of the burning hotel.
 "Damn, we must be getting old. We should have seen that coming," Americus said as he and the others drew their own weapons and raced after him.
 Bax rounded the front of the building to find a throng of gawkers, painted red-gold by the raging fire, gathered there. Among them, near the back of the crowd, the fire brigade stood idly by, enjoying the spectacle, waiting for the signal to get to work. Bax stalked past them, plowing through the ranks of fire-happy spectators and straight up the hotel’s wide steps where Dardy's men were still reveling in their handiwork.  
He was among them before they even realized he was there. The first to see him was a short, pig-faced man with beady, close-set eyes. "Git back, mister," he growled. He made to shove Bax back down the steps but froze in mid-motion when his eyes caught sight of Bax's famous pistols. The man's blubbery jowls went slack, and he recoiled as if snake-bit. "You! But that ain't possib…"
He reeled backward, his words choked off as Bax smashed him in the face with Sol's heel. He collapsed, unconscious. The four other men turned on him as one. Bax popped a bullet through the knee of the farthest from him, dropping him bawling in his tracks, incapacitated.  
The closest of them men threw a roundhouse punch at the side of Bax's head, but the cowboy dodged it. Even as Bax ducked the punch, his left arm swung up, planting the end of Mani's barrel between the attacker's eyes. The man wisely froze in his tracks. 
The remaining two men had spread out, waiting for the right moment to make a move, intending to come at Bax from different directions. Bax kept his eyes on the man under Mani's barrel. The man too, knew what his friends intended for his expression become one of impending triumph. "My boys got you now, mister. So I'll tell you what. You put that purty hog-leg away, and I'll call 'em off. I'll even overlook you hittin' Clem there," he said with a subtle nod to the prone fat man. "Hell, I might even forget you just put a hole in…."
Bax interrupted him with an icy smile. "What makes you think I'm here to play nice?"  
The man's heavy brow puckered around the tip of the gun barrel. The man flinched as Bax's right hand moved with lightning speed and two shots rang out. The first target let loose a high-pitched yelp as a bullet passed through his planter’s hat, parting his hair. He dropped his pistol and fled the scene. The second man had already drawn his six-gun only to have it shot from his grip to go sailing through the hotel doors and into the fiery lobby. He promptly raised his hands in surrender, then changed his mind, and scurried away after his friend.
 "You're a dead man, mister. They'll be back with help. You can bet your purty irons on that."
  "I didn't come to play. And I didn't come alone." As he spoke, Cordelia, Ochoa and Americus ascended the steps, driving the pair of turn-tail fugitives before them.
 "What is your name?" Bax demanded, with Mani still pressed to the man's forehead. He took a step forward, backing his captive closer to the flame ravaged entrance. 
 There was a moment's indecision, as though the man were weighing his options. "J… Joe. Joe Sweeny", he finally answered.
 "All right, Mr. Sweeny, where are they taking the boy?"
 "I don't know what yer talkin' about."
 "Maybe this'll jog your memory," Bax said. He squeezed Sol’s trigger and sent a slug through Sweeny's left foot. The man shrieked, and then bawled. Bax waited for the blubbering to subside before holstering Mani and Sol and slowly backing away.
 Pain and murder radiated from Sweeny's eyes, but uncertainty flickered in them as well as he watched Bax stop some ten paces away. 
 "All right, tough guy. You can answer my question and hobble out of here on your one good foot, or I'll put you down like the cur you are. It's your call. What's it going to be?"
 Sweeny's eyes narrowed to slits. He looked at Bax, before shifting a glance to his cohorts held at gun point by Bax's friends. Beyond them, the crowd had quit watching the fire and was now fixated on the standoff.  
 Something from deep in the burning hotel collapsed sending a shower of sparks and embers gusting over the wide porch. Bax stood still as stone and waited for Sweeny's decision. He hoped the man was smarter than he appeared to be.  
 He wasn't. Sweeny's hand was a blur as he went for his pistol. He managed to clear leather, but before he could train the gun sights on Bax and fire, a single shot rang out over the roar of the fire. A single bullet punched a whole through his left breast. His pistol fell from his hand as he looked down at the dark stain spreading across the front of his white shirt. He appeared momentarily confused before he fell dead.
 Bax then turned to Sweeny's men. At least one of them had to be wiser than Sweeny. "Where have they taken the boy?"
 "To the caves!" they bleated in unison. 
 “The caves?” Bax would have thought they were lying had they not answered him together, but what the blazes were they talking about?  "Either of you care to clarify that, or do you need to be persuaded?"

***

 Although Matthew found the tunnels and caverns a constant wonder; the murky gloom beyond the reach of the torchlight quashed any notion he had of fleeing his captors. He was cold. He was hungry. He was tired. He knew that complaining would do him no good. Of course, he reasoned, if I complain enough, I might at least make everyone else as miserable as I am. It was an entertaining thought, being annoying, but even Matthew didn't care for whiners. Then the perfect idea came to him. "How did these caves get here?" he asked of no one in particular as they trekked along.
No answer.
A moment later, "What time is it?" 
"Shut up," said the man walking before him.
A few paces along, "Where are we going?" 
The man visibly tensed. "I said, ‘Shut up.’" 
Matthew waited until the man’s shoulders un-bunched before saying, "Are we there yet?"
"No!"
"Do these caves go on for ever?"
The man looked back over his shoulder; his left eye - the one Matthew could see in the orange light - was harsh and cold beneath an eyebrow run through by a purple scar. "It's beginning to feel like it. Now shut up!"
From further up the line, Matthew recognized the voice of the man named Byrnes. "What's goin' on back there? Ely, you messin' with that kid?" 
Matthew gave scar-faced Ely a somewhat emboldened look.
"Ain't me," Ely replied. "Just the little brat runnin' off at the mouth is all."
"Whatever," Byrnes said, and they kept right on walking.
Ely turned more fully in Matthew's direction, walking backwards to keep up with the line.  In a scratchy whisper, he said, "Better shut that pie-hole boy, or I'll shut it for you, no matter what plans Mr. Dardy has in mind for you."
Matthew tried to walk taller, in spite of the stryvog's hold on him, and said. "I'm not afraid of you."
A sneer twisted Ely's mouth. "Ain't gotta be 'fraid of me, boy. I ain't gonna hurt you but, accidents happen. Before we get outta here, you just might slip up and find yourself dead at the bottom of some deep dark hole." With a satisfied expression, Ely turned forward. 
Matthew frowned. He hadn't considered that sort of treachery. He pondered the threat for another few paces before saying, "Are there bats down here?"
He saw Ely's shoulders knot up beneath the bundle of torches he carried on his back. "Somebody shut him up." But Ely’s friends didn't seem to care what Matthew did as long as it was Ely's problem and not their own.
 "How much longer?"
 No answer.
 "Are we still under the city?"
 "I'm not gonna say it again, boy. Shut it."
 "Has anyone ever got lost down here?"
 "Probably, and you'll be next if I have to tell you to shut up again."
 "There aren't any ghosts down here are there?"
 No answer.
 "What time is it?"
  "Boy!"
 "Are we there yet?"
 "Somebody shut this cussed kid up already!"
The line kept walking, and both Matthew and Ely were startled when Byrnes appeared suddenly beside them. "I've about had it with the both of you," he said coldly.


CHAPTER 26

 The four riders reigned their horses to a stop, the echo of their hoof beats fading away down the otherwise deserted street. The horses had belonged to Dardy’s firebugs and, though they weren’t prime specimens, the animals still saved considerable time. 
Bax swung out of the saddle of the lead horse, across the back of which one of the arsonists was tied face down. He grabbed a handful of the man’s greasy hair and forced him to look around. "Is this the place?” he demanded.
 The man squawked, "Yes, yes." 
 Bax pulled his boot knife, hesitating long enough to make the man break out in a cold sweat before using the blade to slice through the ropes binding the man's ankles. He left the man's wrists tied. He dragged the man from the horse and onto his feet. With a swift kick to the backside, Bax sent Dardy's lackey stumbling away down the dark desolate street. "This had better be the last time I ever lay eyes you, you ugly varmint," he called after the fleeing henchman.
 Ochoa shook his head. "He could have lied to us, amigo. Perhaps we should have retained his service until after we inspect the building."
 Bax made no comment. The Argentinean was right, of course, but this was the place. Bax knew it. He could feel it. He turned to see Cordelia staring up at the sign hanging from the building's brick and mortar face. 
 "Gordon’s Fine Ale", she read aloud. She looked to the others. "Well," she said wryly, "if this isn’t the place, we can at least wet our whistles.
Bax stepped past her to where Americus stood inspecting the double-doors. The former Buffalo Soldier pointed to the chain and padlock. "It's locked… naturally."
 Locks were no longer high on Bax's list of concerns. "Stand back," he said as he drew Mani from its holster. He aimed it at the lock, but Americus placed a restraining hand on Bax's wrist. 
 "I have a less conspicuous idea," he said. 
 Bax slid Mani back into its leather abode. 
"Hold this," Americus said as he handed Bax his rifle. The scout then drew his saber.
 "Magna." Cordelia whispered the saber's name, her tone one of awe. "The Unbreakable Blade."
 "Unbreakable," Americus echoed, almost too quietly to be heard as he slipped the blade through the loop of the chain and into the gap between the doors. He gave the saber a quick downward thrust, and the links of the chain parted.
 Bax looked to Cordelia. "Supposedly unbreakable." He then said to Americus. "I swear. You seem to go out of your way to find new ways test that blade's mettle. One of these days it may just break after all, and then what will you have?"
“A pair of unbreakable knives,” Ochoa quipped.
Americus slipped Magna into the scabbard he wore on his back. "She won't break, Bax. Not while I'm alive anyway."
 Bax shook his head and handed Americus back his rifle. "All the more reason not to see if you can break it," he said. He pulled open the doors. The blue light of the moon poured through, revealing the interior of the brewery. Drawing both Mani and Sol, he led the way inside.
 Ochoa and Cordelia quickly located and lit enough lamps for everyone. They were in a large room, evidently where the wagons were loaded and unloaded. There were sacks of barley and hops as well as barrels and kegs of various sizes arrayed around the room.
They made a quick search of the interior but, other than the four of them, the brewery appeared empty of people.
It was then that Bax noticed something small, glinting on the floor near th e base of the wall: a coin. Upon picking it up, he discovered that it was a Gold Eagle. Twenty dollars. It was not the sort of money folk just left lying around.  No. Someone had been here, and they had left in a hurry. 
 As though to confirm Bax's suspicions, Americus called out, "Over here. I may have found something." He was standing in front of one of the mammoth kegs used to age the beer. 
 "What is it?" Bax asked as he and the others joined him.
 Americus pointed to the floor before the oaken container. "See that scuffing," he said. 
 Bax and the others nodded. The floor was more than scuffed; a well worn swath arced several feet out from the bottom of the keg. "It's a door!" Bax exclaimed. He drew Sol and rapped on the keg’s broad planks with the pistol butt. The resulting noise, clear and hollow, affirmed the keg was empty. 
 "There must be a lever to open it with," Cordelia said as she ran a hand along one edge of the facade. Bax repeated the gesture on the right. 
 "Try the tap," Ochoa suggested. 
 Americus reached down and twisted the knob left and right. Nothing happened. He pushed down on it, and a click sounded from inside the faux container as the entire face of it swung open on quiet hinges.

***

 The grungy bandana that covered Matthew's mouth pretty much took the fun out of needling Ely or anyone else with countless, irritating questions. He would have further chanced Ely's wrath and removed the rag had the stryvog not kept his arms pinned at his sides. Ely made a point of gloating over having shut him up, but the man's little victory had come at a price. Ely, like Dardy, was now suffering the protective little dragon's ire. The henchman, however, had learned something from Dardy's mistake. In the process of tying the bandana over Matthew's mouth, he had kept one eye on the collar of Matthew's poncho. 
 The dragon hadn't struck until the moment the gag was securely in place. Ely had been ready. He jerked his hands clear, as though the bandana had burst into flames. The man was fast, very fast, just not fast enough. The dragon failed to sink a good bite into Ely's hand, but managed to score a nasty scratch across his knuckles.
 Some while later, Matthew had no idea how long, they came to a place where the path was little more than a snaking ribbon beneath the ebon vault of the ceiling; the space to either side of the path was nothing more than bottomless shadow and echo. At various points, the path alternated from widths of ten or twelve feet down to two or three.
"Watch your step," Byrnes needlessly warned everyone.
Matthew wasn't entirely worried about falling; he was fairly confident that the stryvog holding him would not let that happen. Just the same, he kept his eyes fixed on the faintly illuminated footpath. The march came to an unexpected stop. The sound of cascading water caused him to look up along the length of the procession. A small waterfall glistened starkly in the torchlight, the cascade washing down squarely upon the narrow ridge.
 "Why are we stopping?" rumbled Dardy, his voice surly. "It's water. Keep moving!"
 Slowly, the trek resumed as, one by one, they started forward, each man pausing at the waterfall, gauging the danger it posed before passing through it. As Matthew and the four men directly ahead of him, including Ely, reached the waterfall, Matthew was somewhat relieved to find that the path was sufficiently wide enough to accommodate the five of them as well as the stryvog that refused to loosen its grip on, much less let go of him. The men at the fall began talking among themselves in hushed tones. Matthew strained to hear what they were saying over the burbling roar of the water. It seemed Ely was having second thoughts about passing through the waterfall. The others sounded impatient, no doubt unhappy with their cohort, and fearful of Dardy’s wrath if they dallied too long.
  "Then stay here and rot, for all I care," said one in a raised voice. He shoved the cowardly Ely aside and passed on through the torrent. A second man followed. 
The stryvog ushered Matthew forward as the third man stopped before Ely. "Come on," he said. "The path looks wide enough. We'll go together."
But Ely shook his head; he was having none of it. 
The other man took a step closer to the falling water. "I'm not coming back for you, now come on." Ely's eyes popped wide as the other man grabbed him by an arm and began to haul him along with him. Issuing a noise that was somewhere between a hiss and a shriek, Ely yanked his arm free and tried to scramble back to the drier, wider path. He tried and failed. Both Matthew’s and Ely’s would-be helping hand - who barely kept his own footing - watched as Ely's feet flew out from under him. He hit the narrow path on his back, scattering the contents of his pack. Most of the items, torches included, tumbled over the both sides of the path. For a moment, Ely seemed to teeter there, almost balanced across the path, but he began to slide, the weight of his lower body dragging him down. 
"Bob! Help me!"
The other man hesitated before passing back through the cascading water. 
"Hurry up!" Ely cried shrilly. 
Bob looked momentarily flustered. By the time he regained his composure, it was too late. Ely's echoing scream lingered long after he disappeared over the edge. 
Matthew blinked. He was shaken inside, almost as much as when the Undertaker Man had shot his henchman on the Aurora. Matthew stared mutely at the spot where Ely had only just been.
"Bob! What the hell is going on back here? You'd better keep up or…. Where's Ely?" Matthew recognized Byrnes' voice as Dardy's right-hand man stopped just the other side of the waterfall.
Bob said nothing. His only response was a slow sweep of his torch through the empty air. Matthew could barely see Byrnes through the torrent, but when he thought that Byrnes was looking his way, he averted his eyes. It was then that Matthew saw the means by which he could escape.
 Among the various things that had fallen from the late Ely's pack were several spare torches, one of which had rolled to a stop at Matthew's feet. He looked at it now, so very close. Just the one: that was all he would need. All he had to do was reach down and pick it up, but that was impossible as long as the stryvog restrained him. 
 He looked once more toward the waterfall. Byrnes was giving the other man a tongue-lashing. Exactly what was being said, Matthew could care less. That they were not paying him the slightest attention was the important thing.  He turned his focus back to the torch. He relaxed his arms slowly, casually, hoping that the stryvog would unwittingly loosen its hold on him. It worked! Almost bubbling with excitement, Matthew had to calm himself.  Finally, he tried to reach down and simply pick the torch up. As he had expected, the stryvog checked his movement, forcing him to stand up straight.  
 He glanced to the men again. They were still preoccupied, but that wouldn't last more than a minute or two.  Then he realized that he could reach the torch after all. And reach it he did, with the toe of his right shoe. He slid the torch to himself, until it rested against the inside of his left foot. 
 The stryvog stirred, causing him pause before he attempted to roll the torch up the inside of his leg to a point where he could reach it with his hand without drawing the creature's attention. He had worked the torch almost as high as his knee. He continued to work it higher while slowly reaching down with his hand, all the while waiting for the stryvog to foil his effort.
 "Byrnes!" Dardy's pain-laced voice boomed upon the scene like a thunder clap in a barrel, startling Matthew. The torch slipped from between his foot and his knee. Matthew found himself staring at the lawyer through the waterfall.  "What the blazes is the hold up here?" Dardy bellowed.
Byrnes pointed over the edge. "Ely… he… he fell over the edge."
Matthew could see Dardy more clearly as the lawyer moved from behind the cascading water and peered over the edge.  "He was an idiot anyway," Dardy snapped. Then, to Byrnes he said, "If anyone falls behind again, shoot him and keep moving." 
"Yes, sir," Byrnes replied. The other man was already hastening to catch up with the line.
Dardy looked past the waterfall, his gaze coming to rest on Matthew and the stryvog. He spoke brusquely in the strange language used to summon the creatures. The stryvog instantly obeyed and began to propel Matthew forward. Panic gripped Matthew; he had to have that torch if he hoped to escape!  He cast a desperate glance at the floor but the torch wasn't there. For the first time, Matthew became aware that the dragon hatchling was no longer wound about his chest, that it had moved and was now coiled about his leg. In the little creature's beak was the torch!  Employing the same subtlety with which it had moved to Matthew’s leg, the dragon turned and slithered up under the poncho. 
Matthew took the torch and tucked it into his britches just as the stryvog pushed him through waterfall. Thankfully the heavy poncho kept the water from the torch, thus keeping his plan alive for at least a while longer.

***

 "It's more than a cellar," Bax said as he stepped back through the secret door. "It's a full blown cave."
 "Where does it lead to?" Cordelia asked.
To Matthew I hope, Bax thought before saying, "I don't know, but judging from the echo it sounds fairly extensive."
 Ochoa removed his sombrero and ran his fingers through his dark hair. "It could be more than a cave, amigo. It could be a whole cave system. But if so, how is it none of us ever heard tell of it?"
 Bax shrugged. "I reckon we're just never in town long enough to pick up on all its peculiarities."
 Cordelia looked doubtful. She looked to Americus, "But you own, owned, a hotel. All of you surely you do more than just pass through town in the course of your adventuring."
 Americus chuckled lightly. "Owning a hotel doesn't mean that you have to frequent it. I actually spend most of my time at home in Kansas."
 Cordelia looked surprised. 
 Americus smiled broadly. "Hey, we all have to grow up and settle down at some point." He pointed toward Bax and Ochoa. "Excepting Sam Clemens and Casanova, of course."
 "Mark Twai...”
 Bax coughed, curtailing Cordelia's inevitable question. He frowned, waving at Americus to shut his yap. "Sure, sure, whatever," he said. Then, to change the subject, and  bring them back to matters at hand, he added, "We'd better top off these lamps and take a little extra oil with us. I don't think any of us wants to get lost underground without light."
 "Or ammunition," Cordelia stated with a broad smile as she pointed to several boxes of bullets on top of a nearby barrel.
 "Where'd that come from?" Bax asked with pleasant surprise.
 Americus gave Bax a tip of his forage cap. "I found them on a shelf in the next room while you were reconnoitering the secret passage."

***

 In spite of the numbness seeping into his fingertips - the result of the stryvog's unyielding grip on his upper arms - Matthew clutched the pilfered torch hidden beneath his poncho. All he needed now was a means to light it.
 The line of men pressed ever onward, ascending and descending, climbing and crawling, and occasionally wading, as the cave system dictated.
 As weary as he was, Matthew refused to give in to his exhaustion. Fortunately, (or not) the stryvog was strong enough for both of them and whenever Matthew faltered, the beast would compensate, pushing him onward by almost lifting him off his feet. 
 There had been a few brief rest stops, which even Dardy's men seemed to appreciate. It was during these times that Matthew was able to get a good count of his captors' numbers. Excluding the recently departed Ely, there were seven of them: Dardy, Byrnes, and five others, two of whom bore the names Willard and Smitty, though Matthew wasn't sure who was who, or of the names of the remaining three men.  Each man carried a torch except Dardy who seemed increasingly distraught and affected by his hand injury.  
 A bit further along, the tunnel became increasingly narrow, creating the unsettling impression that the cold stone was pressing in upon them. As the ancient earth constricted, the line of men closed ranks and Matthew reaffirmed his grip on the torch, sensing that an opportunity to light it was about to present itself. He was right to a degree. Just as he thought he was close enough to reach the torch of the man in front of him, the stryvog drew back, and pulled Matthew back with him.  
 Frustrated and fuming, Matthew tucked the torch away again. Even as he wondered what the stryvog was doing, the answer became all too apparent. The beast was drawing away from the light, recoiling from the glow of the torches concentrated within the confines of the crushingly narrow tunnel.
 As the shadows thickened around him, Matthew recalled something Bax once told him. "Sometimes, pard, a man's gotta make his own opportunities."  He knew then and there that waiting for a chance to light the torch to come along on its own might be like waiting for school to let out. It could take forever.
 The stryvog was bigger, faster, and stronger than he was. But what can I do? he wondered as the monster drew him further from the line, backward into the deeper darkness. He found the answer in a stumble.  
 He glanced down, caught sight of the talons on one of the stryvog's feet, and stomped down on it, grinding his heel into the beast’s gnarled foot with everything he had. The stryvog wailed and hissed and, in its throes of pain, its hold on Matthew faltered.
 Matthew bolted forward, drawing the torch from beneath his poncho, and headed straight for the last man in line. Before he had even gone three paces, Matthew was aware of the stryvog on his heels, gnashing its terrible fangs.
 Alerted by the commotion, the last man in line wheeled about, his torch held aloft to better see by just as Matthew was upon him. A look of surprise flashed over the outlaw’s greasy face, an expression quickly tinged with alarm.  
 Matthew barely managed to duck the boiling orange slash as the startled man lashed out at him, brandishing his torch like a weapon. 
  The stryvog was not so fortunate. The monster sailed over Matthew's back, missing him entirely, only to collide with the man, pinning the torch between them, setting both man and beast ablaze. Matthew's torch was in his hand then, and he waved it at the conflagration. It flared to life.
 The terrified stryvog took flight, trailing tongues of fire as it bounced from wall to wall of the tunnel toward the front of the line, causing the men to scramble for cover that was nowhere to be had. 
  The man with whom the stryvog had collided had managed to shed his blazing jacket, but he was too busy beating it out on the tunnel floor to notice Matthew as he fled the scene, racing back the way they had come.                                                      

***

 Matthew's ears thrummed with the coursing of his blood and the pounding beat of his heart. His trembling legs felt as though they might buckle under him with every irregularity in the tunnel floor. He glanced back several times, looking for the glow of approaching torches and the men who carried them. Seeing nothing but darkness, he breathed a mite easier, though he did not slow his flight.
 He watched the ground at his feet as much, if not more, than the way ahead, looking for the poncho threads he had dropped along the way. It may have been his imagination, yet there seemed to be fewer than he remembered dropping. Between clusters, just when he felt he should have already reached the next, panic would set in, bringing with it the fear that he had missed one; that he had taken some wrong turn. 
 Now was just such a moment, but unlike the previous times, he still could not find the guiding fibers. He slowed almost to a walk and waved his sputtering torch over the path. The threads had to be here! He looked back the way he had come. There was no sign that Dardy's men were behind him. While that should have been a comfort, it gave him yet another reason to think that he'd taken a wrong turn.
 Just a little further, he coaxed himself, not wanting to even think about the risks of having to backtrack.  He wandered on, sweeping his torch low to the floor as he went but finding none of the poncho threads. With each step, his desperation mounted, churning fitfully in the pit of his stomach. When he entered into a chamber, he knew at once that he had indeed gotten himself lost. They had not passed this way; he would have remembered an apparently bottomless chamber comprised of nothing but depthless blackness and rolling echo, spanned by a natural bridge of stone. A very narrow bridge.
 No, no, no, he thought as he looked into the impenetrable gloom. There was no choice; he had to go back. He only hoped that he could find the last bits of thread he had seen, and that he could do so before Dardy and his men found him. 
 As he re-entered the tunnel, his blood turned cold as first he heard voices and then saw the faint radiance of torchlight flickering on the tunnel walls. 
 "Dang you, Nate, I'm tellin' ya it's this way. Why do think we done split up for, if we weren't gonna go different ways?"
 There was no going back now, Matthew realized. But to cross that bridge… 
 Suddenly, the voice down the tunnel became a gritty whisper. "Look! They's light ahead."
 "Good," said another.
 Matthew turned back to the bridge… or so he thought until he realized that he hadn't moved. He was paralyzed with fear. 
Beneath his poncho, Matthew felt the hatchling stir. It craned its horn-crested head up through the poncho collar and seemed to survey the situation though fiery red eyes that glowed intensely in the gloom. It focused on the tunnel entrance from which the sounds of pursuit could be heard. The crimson eyes flared brightly, and the creature hissed menacingly, but then its burning eyes cooled to a soft red glow as it turned its gaze upon Matthew. 
  There were no words to be heard, no sounds or signs to be interpreted but, somehow, Matthew felt a sudden calmness settle over him and with it, a bolstering of his flagging courage. He turned back to the precarious bridge. Mindful of his footing, started across it. He walked with arms outstretched as though walking a tightrope, for even though the bridge was several feet wide, it seemed much narrower when viewed against the void to either side. 
 "There he is," called one of the men as they spilled into the cavern. "Get him!"
Don't look back. Don't look back, Matthew warned himself. Just keep going.  He could hear his pursuers arguing among themselves about which of them would cross the bridge first. Hopefully they would still be at it by the time he reached the other side. With a little luck, he might be able find some rocks or something to throw at them as they crossed. He grinned as he pictured the men retreating under a hail of stones, wisely giving up their pursuit of him altogether. 
 His grin, however, vanished in the blink of an eye. He almost tumbled from the bridge as something crossed his path, something dark and blurry that swept down out of the blackness on his right and disappeared into the blackness to his left. A stryvog. 

***

  At the bottom of the first descent, they came to a small chamber where they found a table on which sat a metal pail filled with kerosene "Whoever came this way must have used torches," Cordelia observed.
 Bax nodded in agreement when something on the floor caught his eye. Americus too must have noticed it for the two of them reached for it at the same time. 
 "What is it?" Americus asked as Bax picked it up.
 "Some sort of string."
 Ochoa came over and looked. "Threads. From the poncho I gave to Matthew." 
 Thatta boy, pard, Bax thought. Resourceful like his folks. Aloud he said, "Matthew’s leaving us a trail.”

***

 The man-sized stryvog alighted on the stone bridge, some fifteen or twenty feet ahead of Matthew, at the gauzy periphery of the torchlight. 
 Matthew could hear the men creeping up from behind. He was boxed in. Unlike the stryvog, the men did not fear the light, which left Matthew with but only choice. 
 He started toward the stryvog, expecting the monster to give way.  He stopped short when the monster not only stood fast, but began to twitch and convulse. 
Matthew found the spectacle unnerving. He looked on, transfixed as the stryvog came apart before his very eyes. The armor-like portions of the creature's leathery body broke down, divided, and then reconfigured until what remained was a pair of smaller stryvog.
 Matthew blinked his eyes into focus as one of the new beasts scampered spider-like over the side of the stone bridge. Matthew could hear the monster's claws grating on the stone, could hear it as it passed beneath him, intending to come up and at him from behind.
 The stryvog before him hunkered down, bent on keeping Matthew from moving. But it was mistaken. Half the stryvog was but half as scary, Matthew thought, especially when I'm holding a perfectly good torch.
 The monster's red beady eyes widened with alarm as Matthew rushed forward, brandishing the torch. As Matthew closed the distance, the stryvog launched itself into the concealing shelter of the surrounding darkness. 
 With the way ahead clear, Matthew quickened his pace, giving no more thought to the narrowness of the causeway. Behind him, he could hear the scrape and scrabble of claw on stone as the second monster raced after him. The hoots and hollers he heard told him that his human pursuers were not far behind. 
 Up ahead, the bridge widened becoming a ledge on which Matthew could see the entrance of yet another tunnel. He ran for it as fast as he could. 
 He had not yet cleared the bridge when the ground disappeared beneath his feet. His torch tumbled from his grasp, but he was not falling! Terrified, he looked down. He saw his torch as it landed on the bridge, bounced once, and rolled over the edge to disappear in the vast darkness below.  
 He knew then that he had been recaptured, lifted off the ground by one of the lesser stryvog. Beneath his poncho, the hatchling had barely moved throughout the entire escapade.            

***

 Dardy's good hand swished through the air, landing a stinging blow to Matthew's face. The strike was so sudden that Matthew had no time to turn his face away which was the most he could have hoped for given that the stryvog again held him by the arms. The blow was sudden enough to have slipped past the hatchling, but there would be no second slap for the little dragon had slithered out from beneath the poncho and curled protectively around Matthew's neck and shoulders, daring further offense.  
 Matthew's eyes were brimming with tears that he managed to keep from running down his face as he fixed the lawyer with a hateful stare.  
 Unfazed by the look, Dardy said, "Pull another stunt like that, and I'll kill you myself, boy." 
 "Hit me again," Matthew said with sudden and unexpected fortitude, "and you'll lose both hands."
  A sneer curled the lawyer’s ashen lips. His dark-rimmed eyes narrowed to slits. "Perhaps I should clarify your situation to you, my little friend. My employer wanted the egg. But somehow you hatched it. Logically, he would expect the dragon. And he will have the little beast. You, on the other hand, are only alive because you have somehow formed a bond with it. Because I'm not sure what, if any, effect your death might have on the dragon, you go where it goes – for now. But make no mistake," Dardy hissed, holding his swaddled hand up for Matthew to see, “this is going to kill me unless I can get to my employer before it’s too late. And because of this," he waved the hand for emphasis, a gesture which caused him to wince, “my priorities have changed. If it comes down to a decision of seeing you and the dragon delivered to my employer or saving my own life, I will kill you both and say I never found you in the first place."
 Matthew did not doubt the lawyer even a little bit.


CHAPTER 27


The passages wound ever deeper into the earth, or so Matthew thought. He couldn’t be sure for the air grew cooler and warmer by turns. At times the ceiling was so low, they had to crouch; at times so high that the sounds of their progress echoed far and faintly in the overhead gloom. Now and again, Matthew heard the rush and flow of running water. Occasionally a thin rivulet, dark and shiny in the torchlight, trickled across the path making the floor dangerously slick. 
The path eventually petered out, ending abruptly as a sheer drop-off. From the end of the outcropping, a rope-bridge stretched away into the darkness. The bridge creaked and swayed as the party crossed it. When it came time for Matthew to go over, he had to fight back his fear. Because of the stryvog, he could not even grasp the guide ropes. The bridge seemed to go on forever, swaying frightfully beneath his feet. He breathed a sigh of relief when he reached the relative safety of solid ground on the other end.
 Eventually they came to a chamber, wide and spacious, ringed by a natural stockade of stalagmites. From high above a mighty waterfall cascaded down through the center of the chamber to disappear somewhere far below and out of sight. The roaring of the water, a loud and constant drone, drowned out all but the loudest of yells.
To Matthew's surprise, the cavern was not empty. On the contrary, it appeared to be lived in. Around the central hole through which the waterfall tumbled was an ornate wrought-iron railing. The cavern floor itself was covered by what appeared to a single ring-shaped rug of rich dark reds and blacks. A dozen braziers, burning brightly, were arrayed about the chamber at regular intervals, casting small rainbows in the misty air. Off to one side, where a gap had been carved from the ranks of stalactites was a broad ledge that overlooked the ring-floor. The formations themselves had been sheared off at varying heights to create a short staircase. 
The stryvog, still holding Matthew captive, lingered at the cavern entrance away from the light as Byrnes and the others ascended the steps to the ledge.
 Matthew frowned deeply when Dardy approached. The man looked terrible, his face ashen, the front of his shirt dark with sweat. Matthew let his gaze drift briefly to the lawyer's hand. It had gotten worse… much worse. The fingers from tip to base were black and shriveled. While the blood-soaked handkerchief covered most of the hand, Matthew glimpsed thin, dark lines spreading from the dead fingers into the rest of the hand like tiny black spider webs. 
 Dardy stopped in front of him. "I hope you weren't thinking that I'd forgotten you. Rest assured, my young friend, that will never happen so long as I live." As he spoke, Dardy drew a small, but competent looking pistol from a shoulder holster beneath his vest and leveled it at Matthew.  
 He's afraid to lay a hand on me, Matthew thought. He's afraid of the dragon and rightly so.
 Dardy nodded to the hulking stryvog, and the beast released Matthew with a slight shove. Quickly regaining his balance, Matthew massaged his upper arms. He would have liked to glare daggers at the stryvog, but couldn't quite bring himself to look the monster in the eye. 
 Dardy spoke a few words to the stryvog. The language was foreign but it reminded Matthew of the language that the Undertaker Man had begun to use when he had tried to summon the stryvog on The Aurora. The lawyer gestured with the pistol, motioning Matthew toward the stalagmite steps. 
 "What did you tell it to do?" he asked as he started up the steps. He felt a sharp, sudden pain between his shoulders and stumbled up the remaining steps. Dardy had jabbed him with the barrel of the gun. "Didn't your parents ever teach you that children should be seen and not heard?"
 Byrnes and the other men laughed like the bullies they were. "Hey boss, want me to tan his hide?" one of them snickered.
 The dragon stirred beneath the poncho, and Matthew felt suddenly emboldened. He looked at the man that had spoken. "You can try," he said flatly. 
 The man's face reddened as his friends turned their laughter on him. He started in Matthew's direction. "I'll do more than try, you little smarta…"
 The threat died on his lips as the dragon peered out from the collar of Matthew's poncho. 
 Everyone flinched as a gunshot rang out, the sound almost deafening as it bounced around the cavern, mingling with the roar of the waterfall.  All eyes turned to Dardy. With his pistol, he pointed toward the back of the ledge and up. "Take up half the crates; leave the rest behind."
 It was then that Matthew noticed the crates in question. They looked just like the ones from the Parkersville Station. Any doubts that he may have had evaporated when he saw the dragon-glyph burned into their sides.
 He heard a squeaky, rattling sound from somewhere overhead, near the back of the ledge. He looked up as a lift descended into view. When it had reached the floor, Byrnes and his men began moving the crates onto it.
 From the corner of his eyes Matthew glimpsed a sudden movement from Dardy's direction. He turned to see the lawyer desperately clutching his injured hand, tearing away the blood-soaked handkerchief. He wasn't making any noise, but Matthew could tell that he was fighting the urge not to. 
 Byrnes was suddenly at Dardy's side. "Boss, what's wrong?"
 Dardy raised his wounded hand. Byrnes seemed to recoil, but he checked himself, and took a step closer to his boss.  
 The ledge, like the cavern, was well-lit.  Matthew could see the hand clearly, and he felt sick to his stomach. Surprisingly, he felt sorry for Dardy. The hand, as the fingers before, was withered and blackish. The skin that wasn't flaking away clung tightly to the bones. The black lines had already begun to spread beyond the wrist, snaking their way up his arm.  
 "It's getting worse," Dardy winced, “quicker than I expected." 
 "What can I do?" Byrnes pleaded.
 Dardy's pallid face hardened, but his words quavered. "It has to be cut off." 
 Matthew couldn't believe what the lawyer was saying. Nor, apparently, could Byrnes. 
 "Boss, I can't do that!"
Dardy frowned. "Look at it, Byrnes! It's spreading and it's going to keep spreading until it eventually kills me."
 Byrnes looked uneasy. "Cutting your hand off will save you?"
 "No. Only one thing can save me, but amputating my hand should buy me some time."
 In the meantime, the lift had been loaded with all but three of the crates. As it began to rise, the creaking of its pulley echoed through the cavern. Byrnes glanced at the rising lift, then back at Dardy. "Not here, Boss. I’ll do it on the train."
Dardy gritted his teeth against the pain, but nodded agreement.  
Matthew breathed a sigh of relief. He had no desire to witness the gruesome procedure.  
Finally, after the last crates to be taken were sent up, Matthew was ordered onto the lift with Dardy and Byrnes. Before the lift began to raise them, Dardy took a folded sheet of paper from his vest pocket. Through gritted teeth, he read aloud from the paper, reciting the foreign language written upon it.
When he finished, Dardy turned to Matthew, and with a twisted grin said. "A parting gift from my employer to your friends."
 Matthew could hear a sudden rustling from within the crates that remained on the ledge. The sound became louder, more frenzied, and the crates themselves began to tremble. Matthew felt a sense of panic well up within him. Stryvog.  
Somehow he had to try to stop Dardy from unleashing the creatures. He tried to look unconcerned as he said to the lawyer. "You said my friends were dead. Why bother sending out your monsters?"
 The lift began to rise and Dardy said, "My employer does not pay me to assume young man. He pays me to be certain. If  by some chance your friends survived the fire, they will not survive the stryvog when the beasts are no longer preoccupied with finding the egg."
 As though his words were a cue, the crates below burst apart at the seams and hundreds of still-small, though no less deadly, stryvog swarmed forth like giant bats, filling the cavern. Their dark fluttering forms blotted out the light from the braziers.  
 The lift continued to rise unabated.


***


 Bax pressed his back to the wall of the cave and inched his way forward along a curving precipice barely wide enough to accommodate his feet. His lamp didn't so much as dent the darkness beyond the ledge, a darkness that felt as though it were pulling at him, trying hungrily to pull him into the void. Behind him, he could see the glow of lanterns, could hear the shuffling of Cordelia and the others as they shimmied after him.
 Surely Dardy had not brought Matthew this way. Even a varmint like that wouldn't stoop so low. Yes he would, Bax thought angrily. And when I get my hands on that bastard he's going to regret it. 
The ledge straightened out, becoming a wide, bowl-shaped cavern, the sides of which sloped up to a high, jagged ceiling. Bax waited at the end of the ledge, offering Cordelia a hand as she rounded the bend.  Stepping onto the cavern floor, she peered over Bax's shoulder. "Tell me we've found the way out."
 "Wish I could," he replied as first Americus and then Ochoa left the ledge behind and joined them in the bowl chamber. 
 Water dripped like a gentle rain from a ceiling that bristled with stalactites, creating a sizable pool of cool, crystalline water in the chamber's depressed center.  Scouting the high edges of the cavern, they found the mouths of several tunnels amid the thicket of stony formations, but no telltale poncho threads. Nothing indicated that Matthew had passed this way. 
 Bax was seized by the sudden thought that they may have gotten lost, and once lost, they might never find their way out of this infernal pit. The fear was compounded by the idea that he had failed Matthew, that even now Dardy was spiriting him away into the hands of whoever was behind it all.
 That the others were equally troubled was evident by the quiet, sober manner in which they searched the chamber, a quiet suddenly broken by Cordelia. "Down here!" 
 Down? Bax looked and found her standing near the edge of the glassy pool. Dread gripped his chest as he hurriedly made his way, slipping and sliding down the wet slope to the water's edge. "What is it?" he asked, adding the glow of his lamp to that of hers.
"More threads," she replied.
Ochoa and Americus joined them then. The Argentinean looked from the fibers in Cordelia's palm to the black pool, and then to Bax. "You don't think…"
Bax thumbed his mustache. "No, I don't," he said. He regarded the threads again before seeing them washed from Cordelia's hand by the incessant rain from the ceiling. "No, I don't," he said again, shifting his gaze up the slope of the floor. "Those threads washed down from up there." He pointed to the shadowy rim of the chamber where several dark patches - tunnel openings- were just visible through the ranks of stalactites.

***

 Dardy sat slumped and unconscious in an overstuffed chair. He was passed-out-drunk and missing a hand. The bloody stump, wrapped rather professionally, was elevated on a pile of pillows and cushions stacked high on a chair next to his. His head lolled listlessly to the gentle sway of the train. 
 Matthew sat in a chair facing the inebriated lawyer, trying desperately to devise some plan to escape from the train, wondering just how unconscious Dardy actually was. Dardy aside, however, any escape plan that Matthew might hope to come up with would have to take into account the armed guard seated near the forward door. As nonchalantly as he could, Matthew turned in his seat and pretended to look out the window. 
"I see you watchin' me, boy. I ain't stupid, you know. It's too light in here an' to dark out there to see anything through that winda'.  You a'feared to look ol' Nate in the eye?" 
Matthew shivered. Beneath his poncho, the tiny dragon wound itself more snuggly about his chest; reacting to Matthew's unease. 
 "Turn around, you little snot."
 Slowly, Matthew did as he was told, mustering the courage to meet the man's eyes as he did so. Nate was still seated by the door, his feet planted squarely on the floor in front of the chair. A scattergun rested across his knees. The hilt of a bowie knife was visible beneath the left breast of the man's shabby brown jacket. Beneath the drooping brim of his slouch hat, Nate's brutish eyes were fixed and waiting.
 Matthew met and held the gaze, able to do so only by thinking about the dragon coiled upon his chest beneath his poncho.
 "Well, I'll be danged. You shore got gumption, boy. You shorely do."
 Matthew made no reply, hoping the man would shut up and leave him alone. Nate did neither.  Matthew's heart gave a startled thump, his hands tightly gripping the arms of the chair when Nate lifted the scattergun to point it at him.
 "Some of the boys say you got yourself a bonafide, genuine, real live dragon. That true?"
Matthew made no reply. He didn't care for Nate, and he wondered if the man intended to hurt the hatchling. 
 "I ain't never saw me a dragon before," the guard said. "Smitty says they ain't no such critter. But then ol' Smitty ain't none too bright. ‘Take them stryvog,’ I told Smitty, ‘they's real enough. And if they's real, why not a dragon?’ Like I said, he ain't too smart. So now me and Smitty got us a friendly wager. Where you keepin' it?"
 Matthew glanced over at Dardy.
 "Don't be lookin' to the boss for help. I ‘spect he's 'bout that last person alive that'd do you any favors."
Nate stood up and moved toward Matthew, his grin revealing a spread of yellow teeth laced with dark vacancies. "What're you so skittish for anyway? I ain't gonna hurt ya. I jest wanna see that critter of yours."
 He stopped within arm's reach, the shotgun cradled confidently in the crook of his left elbow. "Where you keep it? Under that blanket you're wearin’?" As he spoke, he used the barrel of the shotgun to lift the hem of the poncho. Matthew could feel the dragon tense, moving down from his shoulders toward the barrel of the gun.
 "I wouldn't do that if I were you," Matthew warned.
 "Do what?" boomed a voice from the forward door.
 Nate wheeled around as if he had been slapped. Byrnes stood framed in the entrance, the roar of the train pouring in around him.  Matthew relaxed somewhat as Byrnes stepped all the way into the car and closed the door. The clickity-clack of the train's passage dwindled to a hush. Byrnes looked first at Matthew and then to Nate.
 "What were you doing, Nate?"  
 "Nothin', Mr. Byrnes. Just talkin', that's all."
 Byrnes regarded him for a moment, and then pointed to the chair by the door. "Sit back down, and stay put."
  Nate complied, hurling a malicious glance at Matthew in the process. The gesture went unnoticed by Byrnes who had already stepped over to Dardy's side. Matthew watched Byrnes gingerly inspect the still unconscious lawyer's bandages. Apparently satisfied, he then settled into one of the lounge car's several empty chairs.
 They sat silently for several minutes before Matthew rallied the courage to say that he was hungry: this, in spite of the fact that he had eaten earlier that evening, before the hotel fire. He was hungry again.  
 Rather than answer directly, Byrnes checked the time on his pocket watch. "Are you hungry?" he asked Nate. The guard nodded. "Go fetch us something to eat."
 "Him, too?" Nate asked, pointing at Matthew.
 "Him too," Byrnes replied curtly. "Don't be long about it." 
 Nate exited through the car's forward door. He returned a few minutes later carrying three dinner pails.  The chicken stew was filling, if not particularly tasty. After they had finished eating, a porter - the first Matthew had seen since boarding the train - came and cleared away the empty dishes.
 Byrnes sat solemnly, periodically checking the time on his pocket watch, seemingly more out of boredom than any actual concern for the time. Nate seemed focused on nothing in particular; though every so often he glowered in Matthew's direction.  
 When the monotony showed no sign of ending, Matthew found his eyes growing heavy, until eventually he drifted off into a much needed sleep.


CHAPTER 28


Some thirty minutes later the foursome came upon a rope bridge, the far end of which was cloaked in darkness. Bax stepped to the bridge and gave the guide ropes a good hard shake. "It seems sturdy enough," he said. With a shrug of his shoulders and a deep sigh, he started across the creaking, swaying construction.  
The bridge was much longer than Bax had expected. When he reached a point where neither end of the bridge was visible, an odd sound set the hairs of his neck to dancing. He brought their little troop to a halt. 
"What's wrong?" Cordelia asked. "Why are we stopping?"
"Shhhh," Bax said with a wave of his hand. "Listen."
The four of them listened in silence for several seconds. "Sounds like more running water," Americus said, referring to the many small rivulets they crossed along the way.
The ropes creaked as Ochoa waved his torch out over the edge, indicating the fathomless abyss below. "This bridge likely spans a river. That is probably what we are hearing."
Bax shook his head. "No. This is different. It isn't a steady sound. It's getting louder. Listen."
They did not have to listen long, before the darkness below boiled up in a wave of sound and fury. Dark forms swirled around them, clutching and grabbing at them.  A startled scream escaped Cordelia's lips. "Bats!" she cried. 
"Stryvog!" Bax corrected her. 
In a flash, Cordelia’s police revolver was in her hand. "Can't a girl wish?" Curiously the swarm dwindled away into the darkness above until nothing but the rustling of leathery wings remained. The sound did not fade away; in fact, it only intensified.
"They're getting ready for another pass," Bax said. 
Ochoa inched forward. "Then I for one do not care to be here when they return, amigo."
Bax nodded and they resumed their way. "Stay close together; concentrate the glow of our lamps. It may help."
They moved quickly, their pace akin to a fast walk, quickly discovering that anything faster caused the bridge to convulse wildly beneath their feet. Bax drew Mani as he went, wishing he could draw Sol as well, but they could not afford to abandon even a single lamp. In the end, he knew that light would likely prove more effective against the stryvog than lead.  He glanced back and saw that Americus had slipped his revolving rifle into the scabbard on his back, and now held Magna at the ready. At the end of the line, a bolo hung ready from Ochoa's free hand.
The rustling grew frenzied overhead and suddenly the stryvog descended upon them like a cloud of death. Amid the swarm of diving, darting creatures, Bax and Cordelia exchanged knowing looks and holstered their pistols. Guns were useless; there were just too many stryvog and too few bullets.
Americus and Ochoa however were wrecking considerably havoc among the stryvog ranks. Monstrous skulls cracked and leathery wings snapped wherever the bolo spun. Magna, the Unbreakable Blade, cleaved beast after beast in half.
"Let's keep moving!" Bax called. He started forward, shielding his head and face with his free arm. Then the stryvog changed tactics. The swarm dispersed again, drawing back to either end of the rope bridge. 
Uncertainly, Bax and the others stopped and listened. The rustling of wings told them that the stryvog were not far.
 "What are they doing now?" Ochoa wondered aloud.
Bax shook his head but in the glow of his lamp, he noticed the guide rope commence to jitter. With a sense of foreboding, Bax crept forward another few steps, holding his lamp high. The gloom before him came alive with tiny red specks of glinting light. Stryvog eyes… and they were clustered together on the swaying bridge. 
"I don't like this," Cordelia said from just over Bax's shoulder. "They're just sitting there."
Bax felt his stomach tighten. "No they're not….they’re chewing through the ropes!"
Americus spoke up then. "It's the same at the other end, Bax. We're boxed in."
Bax felt Cordelia's hand on his shoulder. He turned to face her, her dark eyes bright in the lamp light. "Bax, in case things don't work out, I just… Well, this may be unladylike," she said and then pressed her lips to his, passionately kissing him.  In his chest, the sparks that he already felt whenever Cordelia was near, burst into a blazing fire. 
He met her gaze again, seeing no trace of regret. He smiled. "You're all manner of ladylike, Cordelia, and one of a kind." He lifted her chin and kissed her back. 
Americus coughed loudly and cleared his throat, bringing them back to the moment.
Ochoa said. "Amigo, while I am a great proponent of amour and believe the flower of love must nurtured that it might bloom into a beautiful blossom, I do not believe the local vermin harbor such sentiments."
As though to illustrate the gaucho's observation, a stryvog shot from the surrounding darkness, darting not at any one of them, but rather at the oil lamps. 
"Madre de Dios!" Ochoa yelped as his lamp sailed from his hand. They watched it tumble into the chasm until it was lost from sight. Before they could react, another stryvog came at them from the left. It slammed into Bax's arm, jarring the lamp from his grip. The heavy glass reservoir shattered upon the rope bridge’s planking. Oil splashed outward, ignited, and a length of bridge several feet long was instantly awash in flame.
Another stryvog swooped down from above. With a shriek, it raked its claws at Americus, swiping the lamp from his hand. Like Bax's lamp, it too set fire to the bridge. 
Bax looked hurriedly at Cordelia and their last lamp, without which they would not only be lost in the caves, they would become ducks in a barrel for the stryvog. Cordelia clutched the precious light to her breast, giving Bax a grim, reassuring nod.  
Something snapped, and the bridge listed to one side. Bax looked desperately at the rigging as the fire burned through yet another line, causing him and the others to hold on for their very lives. He briefly wondered how, in a place where everything was cold and wet, such thick ropes could burn so quickly.
Without another word, Bax drew Mani and set out again, evading the crackling tongues of fire licking at him from the ropes and planks. Cordelia and the others followed closely, and the fire was soon behind them, but it continued to spread as though giving chase. 
Up ahead, the clustered stryvog became increasingly visible as the lamplight reached them. Most of the beasts yielded before the glow, taking wing, abandoning their chewing of the ropes. Nevertheless, several of them were not so easily dispersed. They turned their vicious faces toward Bax as he advanced.
This was a job for both Mani and Sol. No longer needing to hold the rope, Bax drew the golden-etched Sol and fired it, along with its silvered companion; unleashing a volley of lead that sent stryvog after stryvog plunging dead into the abyss.
Bax led the others down the violently swaying bridge while all around them the stryvog swarmed and shrieked. The light from Cordelia's lamp jumped and swirled as through the lamp were strapped to the back of a high strung bronco. As a result, Bax could see nothing in front of him beyond the next five or six planks. Even that short distance was more often than not cloaked by his own shadow.
At the back of the line, Ochoa called out a warning. "Everyone! Grab hold of the rope and hang…."
Something gave way. Several somethings to be more specific. The guide ropes parted, burned through by the fire. The flame-ravished lengths whipped past Bax's face as the bridge fell out from under them. For the briefest of moments it seemed to Bax that the four of them hung suspended in mid-air until, all at once, they left their stomachs behind. 
It was the strangest of sensations, falling, yet with no sense of direction, no identifiable up or down…. just the lurching of one's innards.

***

 Voices whispered through Matthew's sleeping mind like a wispy breeze, offering vague and disjointed snippets of conversation. "…to Browder… dragon… injun territory… little brat… of the Brotherhood… the rendezvous…" 
 Sensing an importance in the meandering conversation, Matthew focused on the voices and words in an attempt to wrestle them into coherence. The sounds suddenly ceased, and Matthew cautiously opened his eyes to mere slits. He noticed Dardy, still asleep in the same chair as before, apparently unmoved. Even in his alcohol-induced slumber, the man's face was ashen, and his skin looked clammy. The front of his shirt was dark with sweat.  
 Matthew opened his eyes fully when he heard Nate say, "Told ya he was wakin' up. The little brat's probably been fakin' sleep and listen to what don't concern him none."
 Dardy mumbled feverishly and squirmed in his chair. No doubt disturbed by Nate's loud mouth, Matthew thought. There was a pause during which all eyes fixed on the ailing lawyer. When he did not wake up, Byrnes turned and glared at Nate. In a hard edged whisper he said. "Shut it. Better yet, why don't you concern yourself with fetching another bottle of Smitty’s shine." He pointed to the small table next to Dardy's chair on which sat two empty bottles. 
 When Nate didn't jump to it, Matthew could see cold fire flare up in Byrnes' pale eyes. It was clear that Dardy's right hand man had half a mind to lash out at Nate. Fortunately for Nate, Byrnes possessed a little self-control.
 "That wasn't a suggestion, Nate. That was an order, and I ain't gonna ask you again."
 Like a kid being sent to his room without supper, Nate stomped off for the next car. "I been outta the army fer ten years and ain’t nothin’ changed; ‘Nate fetch this. Nate fetch that. Nate git us some victuals’," he grumbled. His string of complaints trailed after him as he exited the car's forward door.  
 After Nate had gone, Byrnes regarded Matthew for several silent seconds. "So now, was Nate right? Were you listenin' to what we were sayin'?"
 Matthew considered his answer. If he said no, he doubted Byrnes would believe him. If he said yes, he had a feeling the man would want to know what he heard - which wasn't much, of course. If he told everything he had heard, Byrnes likely would think he wasn't telling everything. 
 "So what if I was?" 
 Byrnes looked surprised. He slapped his knee and would have laughed out loud had he not stifled the outburst.  "You got grit, boy, I'll give you that. You sass your folks like that?"
 The reference to his parents stung as much as when Dardy had slapped him back in the caves. He felt hot tears welling up in his eyes and looked away so that Byrnes would not see them.  
 After a moment, Byrnes spoke again, but this time his tone had softened somewhat. "Is it true what they say about your folks?"
 Matthew didn’t turn back, but there was something unexpectedly sincere in Byrnes' tone. "What do they say?" he ventured. 
 "That they're the ones all them dime novels gets writ about. That true?"
 Matthew's brow arched, and he slowly turned around to face his warden. "Yes." 
 Byrnes slapped his knee again. "I'll be danged. You know, I bet I read every last one of those stories."
 Matthew sat up straight in his chair and looked straight into Byrnes' eyes. "Then you know what happens to people like you when the story ends."    
 The smile melted from Byrne's face. "Like I said, you got grit. But don't overdo it."
 "Don't over… over do… what?" a slurred voice said from behind Byrnes.
 "Boss! You're awake!" Byrnes exclaimed as he hustled to the lawyer's side.
 Matthew had thought that Dardy looked bad enough passed out, but he looked much worse now that he was awake. 
 Dardy was trying to get to his feet. "Were you talking to me?" Dardy slurred. He waved the bandaged stump of his right hand as he spoke.
 Dardy seemed oblivious as Byrnes eased him back down into his chair and repositioned his injured arm on the stack of pillows. 
 "Um, yes, sir, I was. You shouldn't overdo it. You need to sit back and rest."
 "Psshaw! You don't tell me what to do. I only answer to Mister …" 
 To Matthew's disappointment, Dardy's word was swept away when the car door opened and the roar of the train rushed in as Nate returned with a fresh bottle of moonshine.
 "It's about time!" Byrnes barked as the door closed. "Give me that bottle!"
 Shortly after Byrnes had administered more of the white lightning to the lawyer, Dardy drifted off again. Byrnes re-corked the bottle and set it on the table. “I wish we had some laudanum,” he said. He then checked the time on his pocket watch. "Nate, keep an eye on the kid. I'll be back in a spell."  

***

With a jolt that threatened to disconnect every joint in his body, Bax found himself snared in the jumbled workings of the severed bridge. Somehow his legs had become intertwined with the ropes.  
There was a rush of air as Bax and Cordelia swept through the darkness, ending when they smacked against the cliff face. Dazed, Bax shook his head to clear it. He felt his hat slip from his head. 
  "Don't worry, I've got it," he heard Cordelia say. She came into focus just inches from his face, and he realized that he was suspended upside down. Her right elbow was looped through the ropes. With her right hand she had saved his hat. Her left arm hung clear of the tangled bridge, and with her left hand she had miraculously managed to keep hold of her lamp.
  "Thanks," he said with an appreciative smile. Looking down toward the lower half of the dangling bridge, he saw that both Americus and Ochoa had held fast. Ochoa's warning cry had almost come too late, but it had been enough to save them all. 
  "Is everyone all right?" Bax asked. 
  "I’ll be better when I’m not hanging from a burning rope," Americus said.
  "Bax, they're chewing the ropes again," Cordelia said with a flip of her chin.
 Bax looked up past his tangled feet. He could make out the dark shapes of more stryvog alighting like insects on the sheer stone wall where they proceeded to gnaw upon the ropes. Almost at once, one of the precious lines parted. The hanging bridge slipped further toward oblivion. 
 "God Almighty!" Bax grumbled. He eased Mani back into its holster, careful to secure it by slipping the thong over the hammer. He slipped fresh rounds into Sol’s cylinder. He holstered and secured Sol, then reloaded Mani. Glancing back down at Cordelia, he said, "I'm too tangled up.  I'll clear the varmints away, and then you and the others will have to climb up. Just don’t forget to haul me up afterward."
Cordelia gave an emphatic nod. "I'm ready when you are," she said. 
Aiming past his feet, Bax turned both Navy Colts loose. The shots boomed thunderously, echoing about the well of the chasm. The smarter of the rope-chewing beasts took to their wings; the rest became bullet stoppers. They tumbled lifelessly from their perches, falling past Bax and the others. One of the felled monsters, however, was not quite dead. It lashed out at Bax as it fell past him but missed. 
Bax heard Cordelia draw a sharp breath. He turned in time to see her lamp, their last lamp, as it spiraled from her grasp; knocked away by the dying creature. Of all the luck, Bax thought dismally. 
"Hey! Watch it up there," Americus called as he reached out and caught the lamp. "We're going to need this if we hope to get out of here. Speaking of which, could we hurry? The ropes are still burning." 
"That's our cue," Bax said to Cordelia.
She nodded and settled his hat on her head. With a determined expression on her face, she began to climb. "No peeking," she said as she passed Bax and continued on up. 


CHAPTER 29


Matthew stared at Nate for as long as he could before he was forced to blink. Time and again, he found himself blinking, and after each time he rejoined the silent battle only to find the man's gaze locked on him, unwavering, un… blinking? Surely not, Matthew thought. They had been at it for what had to have been half an hour. No one could go that long without blinking. Nate had to be waiting for Matthew to blink, at which time he would blink. That had to be it. Unless… 
 Matthew stared deeply into Nate's rodent-eyes. He held the gaze, until he felt the now familiar burning begin to set in, and still he forced his eye open. Finally, when it seemed certain that Nate would not be the first to blink, Matthew had a brilliant idea. His eyes were practically screaming to close. With his fingers, he held his right eye open while he closed and rubbed his left until relief set in. He then held open the left and closed the right. At no time was Nate out of his sight, and still the man had not blinked.
 Matthew waved a hand before Nate's face to no effect. He stuck out his tongue. He pushed up the tip of his nose like a pig's snout. Nate was too short-tempered not to react in some way; yet, he didn't. There was only one explanation. As hard as it was for Matthew to believe, Nate was asleep with his eyes open!    
 Matthew looked quickly to Dardy. The lawyer was still soundly out of it, as evidenced by the drool gathering on his shirt front.
 Matthew's chance had come! 
 With a finger he pulled open the poncho collar and glanced down at the slumbering dragon wrapped snuggly around his chest. "We're getting out of here," he whispered to it.
He stood up and looked to the forward door. Not that way, he said to himself. Whenever anyone had come or gone from the car, it had been through that door. He headed toward the rear of the car. When he reached the door there, he stopped. It occurred to him that once he opened the door, the noise of the train would wake Nate. 
 Then what? Matthew wondered. Jump? If there was a river, maybe. But there was no way for him to know when, or even if, they would cross a river. 
He needed a plan.

***

 Free of the bridge ropes, Bax righted himself and started up after the others. 
 "Bax, give me your hand," Cordelia called as she reached down to him.
 He took her hand, and she helped to pull him to safety. "Thanks," he said as he caught his breath, feeling the stinging in his liberated legs.
  The stryvog swirled about them, like a living cyclone, flitting in and out of the lamp's meager radiance. Amid the fury, Americus and Ochoa formed a protective wall around their friends. Americus's saber cleaved air and stryvog alike. Ochoa employed one of his boleadoras as if he were swinging a pocket watch at the end of its chain, allowing only one of the weighted ends to windmill. It was more than enough, for the whirling stone delivered a crushing blow to all of the beasts it encountered.
 Bax and Cordelia got to their feet among the mounting pile of dead and dying stryvog. "I'm beginning to think that there is no end to these things," Bax said. 
 Americus glanced his way and nodded agreement. "Well, if it's just the same to the rest of you," he said as he continued to hack and slash at the swirl of rioting beasts, "I have no interest in sticking around to find out."
"My sentiments exactly, amigo," said the gaucho.
"Alright, boys, follow me," Cordelia said as she held the lamp high and started toward next passageway. The flying stryvog darted and swerved, colliding with one another in their haste to avoid the lamplight as it cut a path through their ranks.
Bax grinned. "Yes, ma'am," he said. He couldn't help but admire her endless reserve of grit as he followed close behind her. Americus and Ochoa brought up the rear, fending off the stryvog that closed on their heels. 

***

Matthew stared at the doorknob praying for inspiration, aware that if he stood there for too long, he would be discovered. Maybe I should just go for it, he thought. Surely a plan would come to him as he went along. His heart pounding in his temples, he opened the door. The roar of the train blew into the car like a windswept thunderclap.
 Without looking back, he stepped onto the observation deck and closed the door. To either side of him, the plains whisked by beneath the cloak of night. Before him was the caboose…
 As he stepped to the opposite platform, he was stopped short by a deep and booming voice. 
 "Just where the Sam Hill do you think you're goin'?"
 He turned to find Byrnes, silhouetted in the door, aiming a pistol at him. Feeling the first pangs of despair, Matthew returned to the train car at gunpoint. As Byrnes pulled the door closed behind them, Matthew saw Nate skulking around the chairs. He was rubbing a fresh bruise on his left cheek. He regarded Matthew with rabid eyes, and Matthew was certain that Nate would try to kill him if given half a chance.  
Fortunately, such a chance wasn't in the offing… not yet anyway, for in short order, Byrnes saw to it that Matthew was bound to his chair with heavy rope, and that Nate was pumped full of coffee; overly strong coffee according to Nate's complaining.
 "Shut up and drink it down," Byrnes snarled as he tended to the unconscious Mr. Dardy’s stump. He checked the bandages, and then fluffed and restacked the pillows on which Dardy's arm was elevated.  
 While Byrnes nursed Dardy and Nate nursed his coffee, Matthew quietly tested his bonds. Considering that he had been forced to work around the aggravated dragon, Byrnes had nevertheless managed to bind him securely. However, the coarse ropes were not so tight as to induce numbness. In fact they were not tied particularly tight at all. They were effective because of their placement, binding Matthew's forearms to the arms of the chair at wrist and elbow. He was also tied to the chair with rope around his waist, knees, and ankles.
 Byrnes stepped close to Matthew's chair. "Squirm all you want. You won't be getting out of that chair 'less I say so."
 "What if I have to use the necessary?"
 "Well now, you ought to have thought about that before your little excursion, shouldn't you?"
 Matthew felt his face flush with anger when, from behind Byrnes, he heard Nate snickering like a hog.
 Byrnes' expression hardened, and he wheeled on his subordinate. "Think that's funny, Nate? Here's some more funny. If I thought for one minute that Mr. Dardy wouldn't wake up and need your help, I'd tie your sorry carcass down too."
 Apparently having had enough, Nate said, "Why am I stuck watchin' the brat? What about Willard or Smitty? Hell fire, boss, I've been up a day and a half…"
 "We all have," Byrnes interjected.
 "Well, I need me some shut eye!"
 Byrnes glanced back at Matthew. "We know better than that now, don't we?"
 It was Matthew's turn to laugh.
 "Shut up," Nate hissed. 
 Byrnes placed a hand on Nate's shoulder and eased him down into his chair opposite Matthew's. "Take it easy, Nate. Don't let a kid get you so riled." He indicated the coffee pot. "Keep working on that coffee." Then, in a quieter, somewhat ominous tone, Byrnes added, "Because if I catch you asleep again, I'll make it permanent. Do I make myself clear?"
 Nate nodded. 
 Satisfied that he'd made his point, Byrnes moved to the front of the car. He paused at the door. "I'll send Willard to relieve you in a couple of hours." He exited the train car, leaving Matthew in the bully's care.

***

 The tunnel reverberated with the caterwauling of the stryvog as the monsters swarmed after Bax and the others. Cordelia's lamp, vital as it was, hampered their flight; the thing just wasn't made to run with. What we need are torches, Bax thought, recalling the bucket of kerosene they'd found at the entrance to the caves.
 He shrugged off the thought of torches. The problem wasn't torches or lamps. It was those damnable stryvog. The pint-sized monsters were forcing them to flee at such a pace that Bax had a terrible fear of missing the trail Matthew had left for them. 
 He looked back. Ochoa and Americus were somehow keeping the stryvog at arm's length while managing to run for their own lives. The task was made somewhat easier by the fact that the narrow tunnels through which they fled restricted the stryvog's avenue of attack. Bax knew that at some point, though, they would inevitably find themselves in a wider tunnel, or worse a spacious cavern, and the stryvog would come at them from all sides. 
That Ochoa and Americus were keeping the creatures at bay was an amazing feat, a testament to their abilities and a confirmation of Bax's wisdom in seeking out their help. Yet, however capable his friends were, Bax knew that they could not hope to keep up their efforts indefinitely. There had to be some way to get the stryvog off their backs at least for a spell, or things were bound to get a lot worse.
Confronting the stryvog in such numbers and in such a place rendered Mani and Sol virtually useless. Bax had never felt so helpless. 
"Bax!" Cordelia said from just up ahead. "There’s another fork in the tunnel, but this time I can't find any threads!" 
 "They have to be here somewhere," Bax said as he anxiously scanned the ground where the tunnel split. Matthew was too sharp not to have left any threads at a fork of all places.  
 "What's going on?" Ochoa asked as he and Americus reached them, still fending off the unremitting onslaught.
 "We've lost the trail," Bax said.
 Cordelia moved closer to the left fork. "Maybe they went this way," she offered.
 Bax studied both branches of the tunnel. To the left, it looked much the same as the previous stretch, irregular but passable. To the right the passageway was clotted with particularly slender stalagmites and stalactites.
  "We're going to need to make a choice," Americus prodded between slashes.
 "It's your call, Bax," Cordelia said sympathetically.
 "Let me see the lamp," Bax said. He looked briefly at the left fork before moving to the right. He leaned into it, searching amid the mineral growths. His heart almost jumped with joy. He leaned back out. "This is the way," he said, holding up several threads.
 He handed the lamp back to Cordelia, and with it she held the stryvog at bay while Bax waved his beleaguered friends into the tunnel. As Ochoa reached him, Bax asked the gaucho for the canister of spare lamp oil. 
 Cordelia gave him a puzzled look. "The lamp is still pretty full but..."
 "Good," Bax nodded, "because I've got a better use for this oil."
 While Cordelia continued to flood the tunnel's narrow opening with light, Bax set to work. He looked to Ochoa and Americus. They were leaning against opposite sides of the tunnel, catching their breath. "Got any matches?" Both men shook their heads. Bax gave Ochoa a doubtful look. "You've got to be pullin' my leg, Francisco."
Ochoa looked mildly offended. "Seriously, I don't have any matches, Bax."
"What? They're makin' self-lighting cigars these days?"
"I will have you know, amigo, that I have not smoked in seven months, not since that little incident with Don Javier."
"Oh. Right,” Bax said recalling their last visit to Mexico City. “But don’t you mean the Doña?"
Cordelia cast Ochoa an amused look. “The Don’s wife? Francisco, you rogue, how very scandalous.”
“That was a simple case of mistaken… kinship.”
Americus chuckled lightly with a shake of his head.
“What are you laughing at amigo? You were there and, as I recall, you also believed her to be Javier’s niece.”
Eager to change the subject, Americus said to Bax. "Fuel oil and matches. Are you thinking what I think you are, Bax?"
Bax didn’t answer. He was only half listening as he laid the bandana from around his neck flat on the floor. Next, he removed a few bullets from his cartridge belt, and with his boot-knife set to work. He pried the lead tip off each bullet and poured the gun powder out of the shells onto the bandana. When the last of the shells had been emptied of its powder, Bax gathered the bandana up by its corners, careful not to spill any of the dark grains. He joined Cordelia at the tunnel entrance, on the other side of which the beasts had worked themselves into a frothy rage just beyond the lamplight.
Cordelia was sitting on the ground, just inside the tunnel entrance, leaning against some of the thicker formations on the top of which she had placed the lamp, holding it in place with one hand. In her other hand she held her police revolver, just in case one of the monsters felt like pushing its luck. 
 Bax sat down beside her. "I hope this works," he said as he made a quick study of the stalactites clawing down from the ceiling nearest to the entrance.
 "You hope what works?" Cordelia asked, her gaze following his own.
 Bax pointed to a niche overhead. "That should do nicely."
  "You hope what works?" she repeated, a bit more assertively.
 Bax smiled, directing her attention to the oil flask and the gun powder. "I mean to slam the door in their faces." He opened the flask and stuffed the unused half of the bandana inside, soaking it. He laid the saturated rag near the lamp. Next, he took the still open flask and wedged it into the niche among the stalactites, careful not to spill the contents. From the pocket of his jeans he fished the whet stone he used to keep his boot knife sharp. He tucked the stone into place near the top of the flask. Finally, he added the gun powder to the mix, sprinkling it on top of the flask near the flint. "That should do right nicely," he said, admiring his handiwork.
 Americus and Ochoa came forward at last, and regarded Bax's handiwork for themselves. Bax saw the looks of concern on their faces. "Amigo," Ochoa began, "this may not be your best idea."
 "Well, granted, it's not without risk, but it's the only thing I can think of. I'm open to suggestions," he said to the three of them. None were offered. "Don't worry. If it works, it'll bring the ceiling down and seal off the tunnel.”
  Americus frowned. "The ceiling over our own heads."


CHAPTER 30


 The oil-soaked rag burned brightly, but it would not burn for long. The stryvog seemed to sense as much, for they hungrily gathered at the edge of its already fading influence.
 "Gather 'round, boys," Bax said under his breath. He intended to wait until the last possible moment in the hope of bringing the ceiling down on the first of the varmints to cross the threshold.
 The burning rag flickered, and the stryvog inched closer. Bax's skin tingled with nervous energy. He had to hit the whet stone with the first shot and the stone had to spark, or his little plan would die a quick death, along with him and his friends.
One shot. In the dark. Do or die. Typical, he thought. How many times had his life hinged on a miracle shot? How many times should he have died? He'd lost count over the years. The fact that he was still walking God's green earth should have bolstered his confidence. It didn't. Not now. It never had.
One shot. That was his gift. The Miracle Marksman. But was it the man or the pistols? If it was him, the man, he might claim some skill was involved, but he'd have to admit to an uncanny run of luck. And skill, or luck, didn't really matter. You could only hope to beat the odds so many times. He knew that there would come a day when he would miss. If it was the pistols… well, that implied magic. In spite of all he had heard of, had seen and confronted over the years, Bax wasn't quite ready to call any of it magic. After all, wasn't a dragon just an animal? Same for the stryvog. Uncommon animals - thank God for that - but animals just the same. Given his druthers, Bax preferred luck and skill to magic. To his way of thinking, if magic existed there had to be some catch. Nothing was free. 
Some twenty odd paces away from his whetstone target, he took aim. He was as far from the small rectangular stone as he felt he could be and still see it well enough in the thickening gloom to hit it. He just hoped that he would be clear of the cave-in. At least Cordelia and the others, some hundred yards down the tunnel, should be safe enough.
 Bax found his attention drifting down to the burning rag, but he checked himself. The critters, he thought, watch the critters. 
 The stryvog continued to mass together, jostling one another, vying to lead the impending charge the instant the firelight became bearable. 
 Startled, Bax almost squeezed both triggers as Cordelia seemed to materialize from the gloom at his side.  He glanced at her from the corners of his eyes. "You shouldn't be here."
 She drew one of her pistols. "No one should be here."
 He smiled agreement. “No arguin' that,” he muttered.  
 Suddenly the stryvog roared as one as the last of the flames flickered. The tide of leathery beasts surged forward toward the tunnel's narrow entrance. 
 Mani spat fire and lead, as did Cordelia's police revolver. At least one shot hit the whetstone for the oil canister exploded with a bang. 
Bax and Cordelia turned their backs to the bright flash as ribbons of fire streamed past them, trailing a peppering of fragmented stalactites. 
The crash and clatter of falling stone was brief but sudden. Long moments after the initial collapse, smaller bits of loosed debris continued to drizzle from the ceiling like rain. 
Bax coughed, half choked on the dust and grit that lay thick in the tunnel air. He turned back but, as expected, the darkness was complete. The burning rag had been snuffed out beneath a crush of debris. Judging from the stillness that settled over the destruction, the stryvog had been stopped.
 "Well, look at that," Cordelia exclaimed, "I think it worked!"
 "Oh ye of little faith," Bax said, adding. "Never underestimate the power of desperation."
 The dust-choked air began to glow, illuminated by the oil lamp as Americus and Ochoa hurriedly rejoined them. 
 "Bax! Cordelia! You are alright," Ochoa exclaimed. The lamplight and dust-hazed air lent them all a spectral aspect. As Americus's broad features became discernable in the haze, Bax noted the man's sour expression. He was about to ask the cause when the former cavalry scout spoke up.
 "Little lady, that was a danged fool thing to do, sneaking off when everyone's back was turned. You could've gotten yourself killed. And then what?"
Ochoa patted Americus' shoulder and said to Cordelia. "Pay him no mind, señorita. His scout's pride is simply wounded because you got by him unnoticed.”
The ex-Buffalo Soldier gave the gaucho a frosty glare. "Don't be ridiculous," he groused. 
Cordelia looked genuinely apologetic. "I'm sorry I upset you, Americus." She leaned close to Americus, on the tips of her toes, and kissed him lightly on the cheek. "Don't be upset on my account."
Bax grinned at his friend. "Americus, I do believe you're blushing.” As he spoke, Bax commandeered the lamp from Ochoa and was already headed down the tunnel, resuming the search for Matthew. Americus made no reply, but as the four of them were once again underway, Bax heard Ochoa laugh and comment that not only had Cordelia bruised Americus’ pride, she had also infringed his modesty.

***

 "This must be it," Bax announced as he led the way into a circular chamber, down through the center of which flowed a towering waterfall. 
 Braziers, spaced around the cavern, like numbers on a clock face, filled the chamber with a rich, orange light.
 "Look at the floor," Cordelia said, directing their attention to the exquisite floor covering.
 Bax had already noted the rug, but his attention was directed elsewhere, to the one feature in the room that made him think they had reached the end of the line. 
 To the right, almost halfway around the chamber, someone had carved a set of steps into a cluster of stalagmites, leading up to a shadowy, open-faced alcove.  
 Near where they stood, at the chamber's entrance, Bax found another bucket of kerosene from which protruded the handles of several torches, presumably the ones that had been absent from the bucket beneath the brewery. Bax set the nearly spent lamp aside. He took a torch and lit it in the nearest brazier. He then led the way around to the steps. At the top of which, they discovered several shattered crates and a large lift; the platform of which was out of sight high above them.
 Bax knelt to examine a piece of one of the crates. He recognized the now familiar dual dragon glyph burned into the boards. In his gut, he knew that these were the same crates from the Parkersville station and that the stryvog they'd just tussled with had been unleashed from here.
 "Does anyone hear that?" Ochoa asked.
 Bax stood up, next to Cordelia, and listened. 
 "All I hear," Americus said, "is that blamed waterfall."
 "No," Cordelia said, stepping to the edge of the alcove. "There's something more."
 A familiar caterwauling became clearly audible above the rush of the waterfall.
 "The stryvog," they said as one.
 Bax turned to Cordelia and Americus. "See to that lift." Then to Ochoa he said, "Come on, amigo. Let's see if we can't buy ourselves a few more seconds."
 As Americus and Cordelia headed for the lift, Bax led Ochoa down to the circular floor, stopping before the tunnel entrance. The gaucho regarded the dark opening. He sighed deeply and drew two bolos from inside his poncho.
 "Francisco? What are you doing?"
 The gaucho glanced back quizzically. "You said you wanted to buy some time."
 "Well I don't want to die, doin' it. Here." Bax drew another torch from the bucket near the entrance. He used his own torch to light it before passing it to Ochoa.
 "Let there be light," Bax said as he touched his torch to the rug. He noted the mischievous edge to the smile on Ochoa's face as the Argentinean touched his torch to the rug as well.  Their smiles quickly faded when the ornate rug refused to catch fire in a whole-hearted fashion. 
 "It's too damp," Ochoa declared with a wave of his torch toward the cascading culprit.
 Bax frowned. His expression darkened even more as the unholy din grew louder in the tunnel. If the noise was any indicator, the stryvog would arrive at any moment. For lack of options, he kicked over the nearest brazier. Smoldering embers scattered across the rug toward the tunnel entrance. The rug did little more than smoke, even as Ochoa added the contents of another brazier to the mix. 
  "Stand clear," Bax yelled over the roar of the falls. As soon as Ochoa was out of the way, Bax snatched up the torch bucket from near the entrance. He heard a stryvog shriek with such clarity that he looked up to find the first of the ugly varmints already at the threshold. With no time to spare, Bax upended the bucket, sloshing the kerosene that was in it across the bed of hot coals still smoldering on the carpet. 
 Unable to veer clear of the instant inferno, the first few creatures were instantly engulfed in flames. They careened into the chamber like shrieking meteorites. Bax ducked as three of the burning creatures shot over his head and straight into the waterfall. Their fiery mantles were snuffed out in a steaming hiss, half a beat before the relentless waters drove the beasts down to regions unknown.  
 The fourth monster, however, managed to latch onto Bax's jacket. The claws sank deep, and Bax could feel their sting as they raked the flesh of his left shoulder. The creature's screaming was like a shrill steam whistle blaring in Bax's ear.  He instinctively swiped at the clinging beast in an attempt to dislodge it, but the thing held fast. Moreover, it was still being roasted alive and the flames leapt eagerly to Bax's jacket sleeve. 
 The stryvog scrambled aimlessly across his back. Bax could feel the heat of its burning body through the thick leather of his jacket. If he couldn't get the creature off of him fast, they'd both go up in flames. 
Suddenly the air buzzed. The stryvog's wailing ended in a clipped yelp, and the beast shot from Bax's shoulders, slamming against the stone wall where it crumpled to the floor in a lifeless, smoldering heap.
Bax spun around to find Ochoa standing calmly next to him, a bolo whirling in his hand. "Amigo," he said matter-of-factly, pointing to Bax's coat sleeve. "You do know that you are on fire, no?"
Bax shucked his burning jacket. Then, seeing that it was done for, tossed it over the railing into the waterfall. He regarded his shirtsleeves which, fortunately were only slightly scorched. "Thanks," he said. "That could've gotten mighty ugly."
Ochoa nodded. "Your sombrero."
"What?" With a sinking feeling, Bax removed his hat. The back of the dome sported a gaping, fist-sized hole, charred and smoking at the edges.
Bax spun on his heels toward where the stryvog had fallen. “Let it be alive,” he fumed, “It doesn't have to be much, just a spark….” But the monster was undeniably dead, its wretched form reduced to a charred and crumbling ruin. “Well, at least it knows how my hat feels," Bax grumbled.
 His attention was drawn then by the almost inaudible voice of Americus as he called out, "Bax! Ochoa! The lift is in good order! Quit fooling around and come on!"
Bax and Ochoa abandoned the already dwindling fire and sprinted the distance to the lift alcove, watching their backs for stryvog as they ran. 
"Start it up!" Bax called ahead. He saw Americus nod before drawing back a large lever. With a rattle and groan, the lift began to rise even as Bax and Ochoa reached the stalagmite steps. The contraption was as slow as molasses, yet as slow as it was, the platform was already a couple feet off the ground by the time Bax and Ochoa reached it.
"You first," Bax ordered Ochoa, half shoving him toward the lift as he spoke. The gaucho dove, hit the platform rolling, and came to a stop between Americus and Cordelia.
"Bax! Hurry!" Cordelia cried. She was looking beyond Bax to the chamber proper. Her desperate eyes told Bax all he needed to know. Hannibal was at the gates. By the time Ochoa had landed and rolled clear, the lift had risen almost higher than Bax's head. The gaucho was quickly on his feet with a bolo in each hand, fending off stryvog as they flew at the lift. 
Bax grabbed the edge of the platform, but as soon as he tried to pull himself up, a searing pain like a red hot branding iron spread through his left shoulder where the stryvog had clawed him. He would have tumbled back to the alcove floor had Americus not grabbed him by his right wrist and pulled him to safety. The respite was short-lived. 
The stryvog were upon them. One or more of the creatures seized Bax by his boots and began to pull him from the lift. Without hesitating, Cordelia reached forward, putting herself within reach of the stryvog, and seized the back of Bax’s cartridge belt. He had become a human rope in a tug-of-war between his friends and the demonic monsters. 
Then, to Bax's horror, Americus let go with one of his hands. 
"Hey! What are you doing?" Bax shouted as his friend twisted around, reaching for something behind him on the platform.
"I've still got you," Americus assured him. When the old Buffalo Soldier turned back, he had his revolving rifle in his hand.  He looked to Cordelia. "I'm letting go. Can you hold him?"
Cordelia nodded. 
Suddenly it felt to Bax as if the world had ratcheted down to a snail's pace. The din of the stryvog and the clanking of the lift became muffled, as if Bax were hearing them from underwater. Americus let go of Bax’s wrist with his second hand and grabbed the stock of the rifle.
As Cordelia's hand replaced Americus', Bax looked her deeply in the eyes. "Don't let go," he said levelly. 
"Never."
The moment caught up with itself, and the muted world exploded with a series of thunderclaps as Americus put his rifle to good use. The stryvog harrying Bax's feet disappeared, swept away by the marksman's lead. Bax felt himself lurch forward as Cordelia, no longer vying with the stryvog for him, hauled him to safety.
Exhausted, Bax rolled over onto his back just as the lift reached the top. A set of double doors parted, pushed open by the platform's crossbeams, to reveal a starry, gunmetal sky. They could hear the stryvog hurling themselves at the underside of the lift platform. 
Ochoa had stepped off the platform and now stood to the side, scrutinizing the conveyance. "I believe that so long as the lift stays as it is, amigos, los criaturas infernales will remain trapped." 
Bax got to his feet and dusted himself off. 
"Bax, your shoulder!" Cordelia gasped. She stepped close and gently parted one of the slashes in his shirt. "Ohh, that looks bad," she said as she let go of the bloodied fabric. "We need to get that taken care of as soon as possible."
"I'll be fine. I've been hurt plenty worse," Bax said as he looked at their surroundings. "It's a train station." The words had barely left his mouth when he was hit with a sinking realization. Between where they stood and the station platform, train tracks stretched away into the night. Bax let his gaze follow the rails into the dark distance. Where the stars touched the black horizon, he caught a fleeting glimpse of what he knew could only be the lights of a caboose before the distance swallowed them up. With deadly certainty, he knew that Matthew was on that train.




THE END
of
The Wild, Wild Quest: Book One



About the author of The Wild, Wild Quest:

J.A. Johnson is the author of THE WILD, WILD QUEST, an epic fantasy of the Old West. He is the illustrator and co-author of the children's comic book series, THE MIGHTY, MIGHTY MAOMI. He is also the creator and writer the ongoing science fiction short story series RAZZA MA'RAZZA. He lives in the upstate of South Carolina with his wonderful wife, Min.   

Learn more about J.A. Johnson and all of his creative projects, past, present, and future at…
Huo Guo Studio

