


Aerisia
 
Land Beyond the Sunset
 
 
 
Sarah Ashwood
 
Aerisia: Land Beyond the Sunset
Copyright © 2014 Griffineus Publications
Smashwords Edition

Editing by Red Adept Editing Services
Formatting by Polgarus Studio
 
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Excepting brief review quotes, this book may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the express written permission of the copyright holder. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal.
 
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, real events, locations, or organizations is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents
Dedication 
Prophecy of the Artan 
Part One Laytrii 
Chapter One 
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three 
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six 
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine 
Chapter Ten 
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chapter Fourteen 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chapter Sixteen 
Chapter Seventeen 
Chapter Eighteen 
Chapter Nineteen 
Chapter Twenty 
Chapter Twenty-One 
Part Two Treygon 
Chapter Twenty-Two 
Chapter Twenty-Three 
Chapter Twenty-Four 
Chapter Twenty-Five 
Chapter Twenty-Six 
Chapter Twenty-Seven 
Chapter Twenty-Eight 
Chapter Twenty-Nine 
Chapter Thirty 
Chapter Thirty-One 
Chapter Thirty-Two 
Chapter Thirty-Three 
Chapter Thirty-Four 
Chapter Thirty-Five 
Chapter Thirty-Six 
Chapter Thirty-Seven 
Chapter Thirty-Eight 
Part Three Joined 
Chapter Thirty-Nine 
Chapter Forty 
Chapter Forty-One 
Chapter Forty-Two 
Chapter Forty-Three 
Chapter Forty-Four 
Chapter Forty-Five 
Chapter Forty-Six 
Chapter Forty-Seven 
Chapter Forty-Eight 
Chapter Forty-Nine 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR 


Dedication
 
For Hannah, Mercy, Carol, and Susan: my first readers who patiently endured the original draft.
 


Prophecy of the Artan
 
She is of our world and beyond. From another place, another time, she will come. She carries the burden of tomorrow, and her true essence will be birthed with the moon and the dawn. The Singing Stones once more will sing, and she shall unite those long hated with those who long have feared them. Unity with the everlasting will heal her soul, lifting the eternal from rejection and fear. She will be untouched by man and untainted by The Evil. In her will be met all the Powers of Good, and with them shall she defeat The Evil. The Dark Powers she shall overcome by becoming, yet not. Bound to the past, the bond will be broken that she may pass through the vales of shadow and despair to walk forevermore in the light. Wars may rage, kingdoms rise and fall, and monarchs topple, but the Artan will defend her people. Aerisia by her strength will be kept, and in her time peace will prosper.
 

 
Wealth, power, fame, status, preeminence, notoriety, prestige.
Magic.
Some people spend their whole lives chasing these dreams. Others purposefully avoid them. Me, I neither sought nor shunned them, but they came to me anyway, unasked and unwanted.
Why?
Because others believe what I do not. Others see me as somebody I don’t know. They want me to become this person, but how can I do that when I’m not even sure she exists? If I’m wrong and she actually does exist, how can I discover her? How can I become her? Is it possible to reinvent yourself into someone you’ve never met, never known, never even heard of before? Someone from history? Someone from legend? Someone from prophecy?
Someone with magic?
Part One
Laytrii
Chapter One
Mysterious Stranger
 
Down the dusty country road I hurried. Puffs of soil kicked up by my Nikes swirled around my feet. Running my hand idly over my neighbor’s fence, I discovered its sun-warmed planks still retained the heat of the day. Behind the barrier, several long-limbed thoroughbreds ambled about, seeking the best grazing spots. Their curried coats gleamed in the early evening light, their shadows stretching long over new grass. Despite the hectic pace of the past several hours, hours spent prepping for a meet-the-in-laws dinner at my parents’ home hosted in honor of my older sister’s recent engagement, I felt my nerves quieting under the serenity of the country scene.
Until I saw him.
At first glance, I thought he was the just leftover stump of a huge tree that had once towered over our neighbor’s pasture. The tree was long gone, however, with only its enormous stump remaining to mark its passing. The story went that a couple of decades ago a lightning bolt falling from a clear, blue sky had struck the tree, felling it instantly.
“Strangest thing I ever saw,” Mr. Cutter, our crotchety old neighbor, had once remarked to my father. “Wasn’t a cloud in the sky. That thing just came outta nowhere. Tree didn’t stand a chance. Nothing was left but that big ol’ stump. Since it was too big to dig up, I cut up the tree for firewood and just left it. Been there ever since.”
Now, all dark and knobby, the old stump crouched behind the same fence as our neighbor’s horses, set back about thirty feet from the road. While jogging past on a twilight evening, I’d sometimes catch a glimpse of it from the corner of my eye, and my overactive imagination would flash desperate signals that something was there: a bear, a wolf, a stray dog, a monk in flowing robes. For a split-second I’d panic—then common sense would kick in. Inevitably, I’d realize it was nothing more than that stupid stump.
Since this had happened more than once, when I first glimpsed the stranger I actually didn’t panic. Didn’t, that is, until I took a second look and the apparition didn’t vanish. His flowing, coffee-brown robes didn’t dissolve into bark and knobs; his white hair and beard weren’t fading sunlight glistening on old wood.
What the heck?
I was so shocked I stopped dead in my tracks.
Who is that? What is that?
Was I deranged to think I saw an old man leaning against a wizard’s staff, the wind toying with his long white hair and beard?
Staffs like that don’t even exist! I told myself.
The wood was blue—not painted blue, but…blue. The top of the staff was carved into a life-sized hand with palm up and fingers curved around a small, gleaming object. I strained to make out what, exactly, it was.
A moon?
Yes, the object resembled a miniature moon, one shining as brightly as the real deal, its luminescence shimmering in the vanishing light of day. Marring its glowing surface were replications of the dark smudges that mark the mountain ranges and dry riverbeds of earth’s moon.
Who the heck is this, and why does he have a staff with a teeny moon on top?
Was he an escapee from a traveling Renaissance Faire? Maybe he was on his way to one of those superhero/fantasy/comic book conventions and got lost, winding up here? Was he dangerous? Senile? Playing a joke? How could I tell? What should I do?
Run, came the immediate mental response. Maybe not the bravest course of action, but this person was clearly not normal and had no business being here, lost or escapee aside. I figured it was time to get the heck out of Dodge before he noticed me standing there. Then again, this would mean bypassing him, which he could hardly fail to notice. Did that mean I should go back the other way, try to find help? Or should I be brave, after all—play the Good Samaritan, call out to him, ask him what on earth he was doing in my neighbor‘s pasture? Or, as a last resort, should I just stroll on by, as if I hadn’t noticed him at all?
My mind whirled, but I think my decision was made from the first. If the stranger hadn’t seen me yet, maybe he wouldn’t until I was too far down the road for him to do anything about it. Unless he was actually an Olympian runner beneath those bulky robes (not likely), I doubted he’d be able to catch me. Those long robes, not to mention climbing the fence, would have to slow him down.
For better or for worse, my choice was made: I would try slipping past and sprinting for the house. Tensing, I gathered myself for the fast dash back home. Unfortunately, at the exact instant I was ready to bolt, a sly mountain wind rushed down the hillside, through treetops, and across grassy fields. It caught me, tugging at my clothing and sweeping out my hair in a long swirl of brown. Catching sight of that sweep of hair, the stranger’s head whipped about. Suddenly, he was staring straight at me.
I felt a cold, sinking sensation, like the bottom had dropped out of my stomach. For an moment I was mesmerized by unimaginable blue eyes: eyes that pierced my soul, eyes that summoned, eyes that beckoned. Beneath their gaze, part of me wilted, but the other part of me fought back.
Don’t just stand there. Run, you idiot! screamed the fighter inside, and I obeyed. Putting on a burst of speed I was off, racing for home and safety.
Chapter Two
Visitor from Lands Beyond
 
I didn’t get very far. Over the pounding of my own feet, a noise from behind snagged my attention, forcing me to turn my head. That was my undoing, because what I saw was so shocking my feet simply quit on me, and I came to an abrupt standstill.
The old man stood in the same spot as before, but now his head was tilted back and his hands stretched upward, holding his staff over his head. His dark robes swirled in that same mischievous wind, and from his staff’s moonlike jewel leapt a blast of white which struck the ground, casting up a fountain of soil and stone. With dizzying speed it climbed in blinding circles starting at the stranger’s feet and rising rapidly. Faster and faster it went, shining so fiercely I could no longer see the old man—just the light encompassing him. It looked as if the moon itself had come down to rest on my neighbor’s field.
With a hoarse cry, the old man suddenly lowered his staff and thrust it into the earth, buried it halfway up the shaft. His hands locked about it, his hoary hair blowing straight back from his head, his eyes blazed a wild, pale fury. Then he looked at me. Even from a distance, his weird eyes burned. I saw his lips move, heard him shouting in a foreign language, the likes of which I’d never heard.
“Reynon ciellyan kie!” he cried, and I knew he was talking to me, calling me. I felt as if I’d tumbled into a deep hole, or that something strong and terrible had seized me in an unbreakable clasp. Of their own volition, my feet were walking, carrying me toward him. I moved like a person in a trance, unaware of who I was or what I did. My eyes were melded with his. My chest rose and fell with his breath.
Still in a haze, I reached the fence and climbed over. The spell shuffled my feet forward until I stood a scant few feet from my tormenter. Only then did the fierce gleam in his eyes glisten brighter and then, with a snap! wink out. Released from his power, my limbs were soft as heated butter, and I crumpled to the ground, panting for air.
The old man did not move but allowed me to lay there, my cheek in the grass, recovering. But if he did not move, something else did. First I heard a loud pounding. Then the earth was quivering beneath me, making me lift my head like a startled deer. I gasped to see my neighbor’s thoroughbreds thundering toward us, returning from whatever corner of the pasture they’d fled to when their habitat was invaded.
Now, approaching at a gallop, they slid to abrupt halts, forming a tight ring of living, breathing flesh around the stranger and myself. Prancing, shuffling anxiously, blowing softly through their noses, they appeared to be anticipating some sort of orders. A short breath escaped the stranger’s lips, a whispered word along with it. The animals obeyed. As one, they dipped their heads reverently, and in the next heartbeat were stooping before him on one knee.
They’re kneeling to him! Kneeling!
What was going on here? Had I gone insane? Could I possibly be dreaming? Maybe I’d tripped and fallen, striking my head on a rock. Maybe I was lying unconscious on the road, bleeding, my mind wandering in a dreamland of its own making.
The old man left me no time to decide. With another command in his weird language, he bid the horses to rise. They obeyed. Their backs perfectly straight, their necks elegantly arched, their proud heads lifted high, they were as beautifully poised as any trained, showroom animals.
All of this I absorbed while lying prone on the ground. Only my head was raised. My eyes were riveted on the horses when I felt a soft touch on top of my head. I glanced up sharply. The stranger, stooping, had rested his wrinkled hand lightly on my hair. The frightening fury in his gaze, holding me helpless moments ago, had disappeared. They were no longer terrifying in the least but were the most incredible blue—the cool inviting, blue-green shade of warm tropical waters. Soft wrinkles webbed the corners of those eyes, expanding into a map of fine ripples that crossed his entire face.
The color of his hair was not the normal white of dotage. Rather, it was a brilliant white, a very pure white, as dazzling as sunshine on snow. Its glow may’ve been somewhat harsh, but the hair itself looked so soft, so touchable that I found myself fighting a ridiculous urge to reach out and stroke it.
His tropical water eyes smiling at me, he said quietly, “Cla’mentay, ni nokestrin. Rise, my daughter, rise.”
From somewhere came the strength to comply. Whether from myself or this stranger, I couldn’t say, but I stood. Despite his imposing presence, when I was standing next to him I realized he wasn’t very tall. Myself, I was a few inches over five feet in height; when I stood, our eyes were practically on the same level.
He grinned at me. The gesture swelled from the smile already in his eyes, as if his joy couldn’t be confined but must radiate from his entire face. In his smile, I sensed no malice. Instead, surprisingly, I found myself relaxing. A reciprocal expression—if somewhat strained—tipped up the corners of my mouth.
“I am,” he began, offering a low bow from the waist, “Risean Wy’ Curlm. I am Tredsday—you would, perhaps, say Guardian—of my people, the Moonkind.”
His voice was moderate, low pitched, and pleasing to the ear. “Peace to you, my lady,” he continued. “I bring you greetings from Aerisia.”
“A—Aerisia?” I stuttered. It was a strange word, pronounced something like Air—ree—suh.
“Aye, Aerisia. I fear it is a land of which you have never heard?”
I nodded.
“Ah,” he replied, smiling still. “It is a wondrous land of great beauty. One in which you will take great delight.”
“Take great delight?” I echoed, uncomprehending.
Suddenly, all vestiges of the kindly grandfather were dropped. Replacing them was abject seriousness, and the mien of somebody with a deadly serious purpose.
“I pray you, my lady, to forgive this aged man his unexpected appearance. Forgive, as well, the abrupt manner in which I now address you. Yet what I am about to say is of the greatest importance to you, to myself, and to many others. Listen closely; heed well what I must tell you.”
Taken aback by this about-face, I nervously edged backward. The mysterious stranger was not put off.
“My child,” he stated kindly yet firmly, lifting a hand that begged me not to flee. “There is no other way to say this. You are not the person you believe you are. You are no insignificant maiden, but a woman destined for true greatness and the liberating of an entire world.”
“What?” What on earth is he talking about? “I’m not who I’ve always thought I was? What do you mean? What are you talking about?”
“You,” he answered softly, those eyes piercing my soul, “are the embodiment of legend, the fulfillment of prophecy. You, Hannah Winters from Earth, are the Artan.”
“The Artan?” I looked at him askance. I’d never heard of this person, but I knew for a fact I wasn’t her.
“Aye, the Artan. It is an old name, derived from an ancient tongue. Its meaning I cannot presently reveal. For now, it must suffice that you know you are she, the Artan. That this is who you are, and what you must do.”
“What?” I cried, throwing my hands up in the air. “Who is this Artan person, and what do you mean this is who I am and what I must do? What do I have to do?”
“You must become her,” he answered calmly, “the Artan. The rescuer, the deliverer of Aerisia, the wellspring of hope in a time of darkness.”
My jaw dropped, and I gaped at him. Obviously, this poor old man was suffering some sort of terrible delusion.
“Look,” I said, speaking as kindly as possible given the outrageous circumstances, “I have no idea what you mean, or what you’re even talking about. But really, sir, you’re mistaken. You have to be. There’s no such place as Aerisia, and I don’t believe you came from there. Things like that just don’t happen in real life. Furthermore, if they did, I certainly wouldn’t have anything to do with it. I’m no heroine! I’m just…Hannah, the most common person you could ever hope to find. I’m nobody special. I’m just…just…”
When I couldn’t think of anything further to persuade him, my speech trailed off into awkward silence. Throughout it all, Risean Wy’ Curlm (what kind of name was that, anyway?) had remained serene and undisturbed by my outburst.
“Calm yourself, my child,” he said gently. “Time is necessary for you to believe my words. Soon enough, you will find your allegations of impossibilities forgotten.”
“They are not allegations,” I shot back. “I don’t believe any of this. Either you’re a dream or a really weird old man who does good magic tricks!”
To my surprise, Risean Wy’ Curlm found this quite hysterical. Throwing his head back, he laughed merrily. Even the horses shook their glossy manes as if they shared the old man’s humor.
I narrowed my eyes at him. “I really don’t think this is funny.”
“Ah, forgive an old man, my dear,” he soothed. “You are quite right, I should not have laughed. It is only that you, your world, your manner of speaking, your bluntness…they are so far removed from what I’m accustomed to. I was quite taken aback. But I am delighted, truly delighted.”
Well, I wasn’t delighted. But with those eyes twinkling at me, even I couldn’t stay mad forever. In spite of myself, I felt irritation slipping away. However, even as my tension melted, seriousness returned to the self-confessed Moonkind as he closed his eyes for a moment, pausing to gather his thoughts. When he reopened them, his gaze was fixed on some distant point over my shoulder. The setting sun?
“Ni nokestrin,” he began gravely, “I am sure you know the meaning of the word faith. Because you cannot see a thing does not preclude its existence. Because your ears have never heard of a land doesn’t mean its inhabitants do not live and breathe.” His focus swung back to me. “And because people in your world see you as common does not mean they should be believed. They may be blind to you, but I assure you our eyes are open. We see you as she who possesses the power to save our land—who must save our land.
“We need you,” he concluded humbly, “and we beg you to have faith in yourself. In us.”
I didn’t know what to say. Despite the poor thing’s bizarre fantasies, he seemed so sincere—so nice, in a strange sort of way. Sighing, I shoved loose strands of hair behind my ear, wishing I could convince him to give up this craziness. What else to try? I was fresh out of ideas.
At the sound of my sigh, Risean Wy’ Curlm raised his bowed head. “Forgive me,” he said, “but whether you believe me or not doesn’t matter. All of that will come in time. For now, we must be away.
“Come.” He lifted a hand, beckoning. “Come, my child. Do not be afraid.”
But I was afraid. Something warned me this was no game. I knew I should run, but the best I could manage was a stumbling step backward. It wasn’t enough. Seeing I wasn’t planning to comply, old man locked both hands around the staff, which had stood like a barrier between us this whole time.
“Cla’mentay,” he commanded, and the staff began to rise, pushing itself out of the ground. His expression stern, he leveled its jeweled top at my torso. “Bid farewell to all that you know here. I am sorry to force your separation from Earth in this fashion, but I assure you it is necessary.”
What did he mean, departure and bid farewell? Was he going to kill me? Could I have misjudged him that badly? I glanced around wildly for help or a way to escape, but Mr. Cutter’s horses still penned us in a tight circle. I didn’t think I could shove past them; should I drop, try to scuttle between their legs?
“Lady Hannah!” he said fiercely. Had he read my mind? “You must do as I say.”
“Look, sir,” I stammered, willing to plead. “I really have to go now. My family will be looking for me, so if you’ll just make the horses let me by, I’ll leave, okay? I won’t tell anyone about this. It can be our secret. Please, just let me go!”
Smiling sadly, he shook his head. “Impossible. Clearly you do not understand. Truly, my child, I am sorry for this.”
Closing his eyes, the Moonkind lifted his face to a darkening twilight sky. “Reynon ciellyan kie,” he murmured, and that strange spell fell over me. Again I felt my body drifting toward him. I wanted to resist, but numbness had bored into my mind like a snake in its hole. My feet moved, forgetting I hadn’t told them to.
“No,” I cried with a last burst of free will, twisting to escape the grip of his strange power. “No, stop this. Let me go!”
It was no use. The old man’s features tightened. His eyes were turning…turning white. Fear seized me even as free will vanished for good. Helplessly, fearfully, my body obeyed his commands. Like a lamb to the slaughter I came and stood before him. The butcher’s knife was raised. The lamb’s head went back, baring its throat for the slice. Risean Wy’ Curlm’s hypnotic power lifted my hands and settled them firmly on his brown-robed shoulders.
In that unintelligible language, he spoke the fatal words. “Mireoth cumti. Loyloth subala Aerisia leswayne Artan.”
The moon jewel enfolded in the staff’s carved hand began to gleam. A flash of lightning, dazzlingly bright, struck the ground inches from my foot, scorching the hem of my jeans. Waves of heat tumbled over my body as this white light encompassed us, circling the old man and myself in slow, lazy rings, like a magical hula hoop. A sluice of something I can only describe as the essence of purest power surged over me. I squeezed my eyes shut, fighting the urge to scream. There was a bright flash, a loud crack! My head snapped backward, my eyelids bolting wide open. Around me, soaking me, inside me, enclosing me, was pure, pure white.
I’m in the moon!
Another flash, another electric surge. I gritted my teeth, but the tortured scream escaped anyway. My palms never released the old man’s shoulders as my knees buckled, pitching me headfirst into his arms.
After that, I knew no more.
Chapter Three
In Aerisia
 
Drifting on a sea of light, I floated toward consciousness. My head swam. A heavy weight compressed my eyelids. Fighting both this and the sickness in my belly, I forced them to rise. Instantly, nausea surged and I slapped a hand to my mouth, fighting it down.
I hear water running.
That was my first rational thought once the danger had passed. It was followed by the more practical, Where the heck am I?
Knowing I had to find out, I shoved myself upright and swung my feet off the narrow couch, not thinking to check out my surroundings before I stood. Big mistake. What I saw made my knees give out. I plunked onto the couch like a stone in the sea, absorbing the scene before me with wide-eyed wonder.
I sat inside a circular chamber, its circumference lined with marble pillars of clean, white stone. Alternating silver and gold curtains of sheer, dainty organza were strung between each set of pillars. Their hems drifted across the floor, fluttering in a soft breeze. Like luxurious valances, sunset-colored folds of satin stretched from column to column. Beneath my feet, the floor was also marble, but highly glossed and tinged a nearly imperceptible pink shot through with veins of silver. Apart from myself, the only other object in this room was the brocade couch upon which I sat.
From the look of things, I was nowhere I’d ever been before. Maybe I wasn’t even on Earth. Was it possible? Could that strange old man—Risean, I thought his name had been—really have been telling the truth?
My mind roiled, seeking alternative solutions. Sadly, I could find none. Especially when I pinched my left arm as hard as I could. “Ouch!” My eyes flew open, and I clenched my teeth against the sting. That had definitely felt real.
Suddenly, I noticed one of the curtains was moving, a human hand drawing it aside. The hand was followed by its owner, a young woman. A man, several years older, entered behind her. Strangely, this woman wore coffee-colored robes like those of the man who’d brought me here. Her hair shared the white brilliancy of his and the same inviting texture as well. Her face, however, was smooth, unmarred by wrinkles. After a swift up-and-down, I decided she must be around my age. But that up-and-down also showed me something else. In her hand, I was not very surprised to discover, was a staff of blue wood sporting a lifelike carved hand and a gleaming moon jewel.
She approached with a smile, her face as gentle and kind as Risean Wy Curlm’s had been. And her eyes—her eyes were the same warm, lovely shade of tropical waters.
What’s going on here? I wondered almost feverishly.
The young woman halted a pace away, her companion stopping just behind her. She dipped her head gracefully.
“Greetings, my lady. I bid you welcome to Aerisia. My name is Rittean Wis’ Curlm. I believe you have already met my father, Risean Wy’ Curlm. It was he who brought you to this place.”
With a wave of her hand she motioned her companion forward.
“May I present to you Lord Garett Wy’ Rinstead, High-Chief of the Ranetron. They are the warriors who shield our palace and city of Laytrii.” The man bowed stiffly as Rittean went on. “Lord Garett has been assigned to attend you until your Simathe arrives.”
“My…my what?”
A tiny frown arose between snow-white brows. Her face grew pensive. “Your Simathe. Father did not tell you?”
I gave my head a terse shake.
“Oh, I see.”
The frown deepened, as if she were considering whether or not to divulge something. Apparently she decided against it, for with a shrug she gathered her composure.
“It is of little consequence, and nothing to burden your mind,” she stated reassuringly.
Problem was, I didn’t think I felt so very reassured.
Next, Rittean Wis’ Curlm said, “Reynon…come, my lady. The High-Chief and I were dispatched to escort you to Council, the gathering of Elders—those who guide our land. Now that you have awakened, your presence is required.” A tiny smile. “Have no fear. Your Simathe will arrive shortly. May, in fact, be already awaiting you in the Council chamber.”
She extended a hand which I grasped, allowing her to pull me to my feet. Maybe it was foolish to just up and go with her like that, but what choice did I have?
After offering my fingers a gentle squeeze, Rittean released my hand and stepped away. “Follow me,” she said.
I found myself obeying, trailing after this Rittean Wis’ Curlm. The Ranetron High-Chief took up a bodyguard’s position precisely five steps behind me. Together, our trio left that beautiful round room, proceeding toward Council—whoever and whatever that was.
I walked without saying a word, even though my mind was abuzz with such questions as, What’s going on here? Could I possibly be dreaming? Surely not—that pinch felt real enough.
So this Rittean is that old man’s daughter. What’s a Moonkind, anyway? What’s with their hair and their crazy staffs?
What’s up with this Lord Garett guy? Who, exactly, are the Ranetron, and what’s a Simathe? Do I have to have one if I don’t want to? I don’t think I do. All I want is to go home.
This thought struck hard. A wave of intense longing flooded my already dampened spirits, and tears filled my eyes. I dropped my chin so neither of my companions could see they threatened to flow. My gaze fell on my worn Nikes. So comfy and practical for running country roads at home, they were stupid and out of place in this unknown, elegant world: a degradation to Aerisian floors of glossy, pink-and-silver marble.
“Stupid and out of place. Just like me,” I muttered sadly.
“Did you speak, my lady?” inquired Rittean with a quizzical glance over her shoulder. Her blue-green eyes were very bright. Happy eyes, I would have called them.
Without lifting my head, I shook it no.
The white-haired girl stopped. Her fingers brushed the top of my head, much as her father’s had done earlier, urging me to look up and accept her smile.
“You, my lady, are the Artan: the savior, the hope of our people. Hold your head high. Come, here is Council. Don’t be afraid, for they are kind. You will see.
“High-Chief?” Craning her neck to peer beyond me, she addressed the tall, handsome man bringing up the rear. “If you please.”
Garett Wy’ Rinstead stepped past us, his destination the immense double doors looming just ahead. They were colossal, carved from dark, aged wood. Their rich color was similar to the coffee tones of the Moonkinds’ robes, their lustrous sheen rivaling the floor’s. The Ranetron High-Chief pushed open the one on the left and stepped aside, holding it back for us to enter. Rittean motioned me to precede her. I did, passing under the heavy, arched doorframe and into wonder.
*   *   *
It was a scene from a dream. I felt like pinching myself for another reality check but was too overcome to move my hand. In all fairness, I’m not sure the place could have been called a mere room at all. Its design brought to mind a great amphitheater or arena like the Roman Coliseum. Each tier of fine white marble was formed by the pillars supporting the floor above it. I counted nine in all.
In the niche between each set of pillars stood an armored man: a ceremonial guard, I imagined. Forty pillars per floor meant twenty such men dressed similarly to Lord Garett Wy’ Rinstead. To a man, these soldiers wore bright silver helmets with black plumes and gleaming breastplates over white tunics, the hems of which were encircled by a double band of red and black. Their left hands gripped short, deadly swords positioned crossways over their chests. The blades were shiny steel, and the hilts were wrapped in black leather. On their feet were leather sandals whose straps crisscrossed to the knees and tied. The whole effect was, I thought, disturbingly like the Roman legionaries of old.
“These, too, are Ranetron,” Rittean explained, catching the sweep of my eyes. “They are our strongest military asset.” She flicked a glance at Lord Garett to be sure he wasn’t listening before adding softly, “Save the Simathe, of course.”
Simathe? Again that word. Who’re the Simathe?
For his part, the Ranetron High-Chief appeared not to have heard her comment. Or, if he did, he chose not to care because he said only, “Come, Moonkind Rittean…my lady. The Elders and Pronconcil await.”
He swept past us, marching down a nearby set of marble steps split in the middle by a heavy scarlet runner. As Rittean Wis’ Curlm and I followed the straight-backed soldier to floor level, I took in more details of this majestic space. Twelve rows of benches in stadium-style seating perched on the floor, all of which were already crowded with people. Men and women alike displayed clothing in colors ranging from somber blacks, blues, and browns to brilliant shades of red, green, yellow, violet, and every shade in between. Arresting as their clothing was, it failed to hold my attention when the whisper of running water filled my ears with watery music. Raising my face to the ceiling, I sucked in a gasp of air.
Will wonders never cease?
The “ceiling,” high above, was fashioned not of stone, slate, marble, or wood. Instead, it was a pool of water. Impossible, yet true—water defying gravity. A darker green shade than the Moonkinds’ eyes, the water swirled and roiled above us, but not a drop fell. Like an idiot, I stood there with my lips parted in awe, my head tipped back. Of all the miracles the past few hours had spawned, surely this was the most amazing. I would’ve never believed that, even in this land of Aerisia, such a thing was possible…water disobeying all laws of nature and gravity.
“My lady?”
It was the Moonkind girl. The sound of her voice pulled me out of my stupor. Once more I could think, and the questions tumbled out in a rush. “H—how does it do that?” Then, and more emphatically, “Water can’t stay on the ceiling!”
My companion laughed. “Who can say what is possible or impossible? What cannot be in your world may be quite common in ours.” She allowed that to sink in before urging gently, “Come, my lady. Council still awaits. Answers to your questions will be found there, I assure you.”
But my mind was a quagmire, a stew of doubts and anxieties. Within, I was every bit as agitated as the pool above my head. The only reality I could grasp in this strange new world was the kindness and empathy in the eyes of the young woman before me. As I grasped that kindness, I also took the first teensy step toward trusting her and accepting that all of this weirdness was not a dream but a new kind of reality, crazy as that sounded.
I nodded shakily. “Alright, Rittean. I’ll come. Just—please don’t leave me. I think…I think I need a friend. I’m so confused right now, so completely overwhelmed by everything that’s going on.”
“Oh my, I’ve no doubt that you are,” she sympathized, wrapping an arm about my shoulders. I let myself lean against her, finding solace in her sweet smile. It was a lovely, generous smile, one that curved the corners of her pretty mouth and bunched up her rosy cheeks, making her blue-green eyes sparkle.
“Your confusion is understandable, my lady,” she went on compassionately. “But do not be frightened. I will be the friend you need. Come, we shall face Council together. I’ll not leave your side. All will be well; you’ll see.”
Her arm still around me, she urged me forward. Once more, we began to descend those scarlet-carpeted stairs, the broad back of the Ranetron High-Chief leading the way. My mind was muddled and my stomach queasy, but my heart basked in the bit of peace inspired by both a stranger’s smile and the fact that I wouldn’t have to face Council alone. Whoever and whatever these Elders and Pronconcil were, they sounded intimidating. I doubt I’d have found the courage to walk down those stone steps had not Rittean Wis’ Curlm’s arm been about me.
Chapter Four
Council
 
As we descended the lengthy marble staircase, a few details previously escaping my attention now caught my eye. The amphitheater floor was made of the same marble as the room in which I’d awakened: light pink, shot through with veins of silver. Down the middle of the floor stretched a long, black line. My brows knit as I considered this ugly scar. Why would builders have left it there? I didn’t have to wonder long. Abruptly, the marble beneath my feet shuddered, releasing a groan.
With a gasp, I leaped away. “Rittean, the floor is moving!”
My new friend laughed. “Fear not, my lady. It was designed to.”
As it turned out, she was right. Actually, the floor itself wasn’t moving at all. Instead, two panels slid back from that black line in the floor, creating a yawning breach. As they vanished beneath the floor, an immense, shadowy object came into view, emerging from the dark void below. This turned out to be a massive table. Narrow benches adorned with crimson, tapestried cushions flanked its head and sides, while the space at the foot was vacant. The section of floor on which the table rested raised level with the chamber bottom, where it stopped, leaving no seam to betray the fact that it hadn’t always been there.
“Incredible,” I breathed.
From out of nowhere, light, airy music began to play. Tugging me aside, Rittean positioned me to stand before the Ranetron High-Chief.
“Look up,” the Moonkind girl ordered. “To the top of the stairs.”
I swung my gaze upward.
“The Elders,” she said, “followed by the Pronconcil.”
So this was my first chance to view the ruling body of Aerisia. They descended the stairs by twos, these Elders, six men and six women completing the group. A man and woman to a pair, they glided down the staircase like a colorful waterfall of dark red (for the men) and silvery grey (for the women). The knee-length tunics of the men were clasped about the waist by ornate belts of silver; the women’s floor-length gowns were accessorized by wide bands of red. With solemn faces and measured tread, the twelve Elders swept past the three of us. Their destination was the table dominating the center of the room. Here they lined up in orderly fashion, six to each side, where they faced one other with forward gazes and hands clasped regally at the waist.
Now what? I wondered.
The flourish of a new tune on that silvery flute and harp signaled a new spectacle was beginning. At the top of the staircase appeared a pair of young women. One wore a sleeveless yellow tunic that skimmed her knees. The ends of a blue sash, knotted at the hip, draped past the hemline of her yellow frock and halfway down her bare calves. A V-necked gown of turquoise, sporting a train so long it trailed several steps behind her, draped the other’s slender, perfect figure. About her waist was a band of yellow, the same shade as her companion’s tunic.
Both of these women were extraordinarily beautiful. Again, neither took note of me as they passed, but I caught the rich scent of the blue-gowned lady’s perfume as she assumed her place at table with the Elders. These two women, Pronconcil members I assumed, divided to occupy opposite sides at the table’s head, cresting each line of Elders.
The music ceased. No noise echoed through this vast chamber besides the breathing of guests and the incessant roiling of water, high above. At this point, the Ranetron High-Chief stepped out from behind Rittean and myself and strode to the center of the room, his black cloak swishing about his armored frame. Approaching the table and raising his right arm with his palm flat and thumb extended, he offered what sounded to me like an archaic salutation.
“Greetings to you, Elders and Pronconcil of Aerisia. It is my pleasure to once more bid you welcome to Aerisia’s Council Hall.”
His deep voice reverberated in the vastness of the hall. Touching right fist to left shoulder, he bowed sharply from the waist. The Elders and Pronconcil returned the Ranetron lord’s welcome, after which the lovely woman in blue—speaking for the group—replied, “Greetings, Lord Garett, High-Chief of the Ranetron. Our gratitude for your kind words. I bid you take your seat at Council.”
Dipping his head in thanks, Lord Garett assumed his place at the end of one line of Elders, directly across from where I stood. I could see the pattern now. An empty spot at the head of the table—reserved for the Council leader, perhaps? The place at that person’s left would be filled by the Pronconcil woman in blue, while to his right would be situated the woman in yellow. Six Elders to a side filled the middle of the benches, flanked at one end by Lord Garett—apparently a Pronconcil himself. I supposed in the seat opposite the Ranetron High-Chief would be a fourth Pronconcil…but who this might be, I had no idea.
My study of the scene was interrupted one long, clear trumpet blast. Instantly, Rittean was down on the floor.
“Kneel, my lady,” she urged, tugging at the hem of my jeans.
Obedient but curious, I lowered myself into a similar position, while glancing up toward the Ranetron guards in their stone niches. They too had gone down on one knee, their foreheads braced against the hilts of their swords.
“The High Elder arrives,” Rittean explained without raising her head. “This is Lord Elgrend Wy’ Relst, son of Mergrend Wy’ Relst, who was High Elder before him.”
Lord Elgrend’s air was that of one long accustomed to authority. His back was straight, his chin lifted, and his green eyes steady. His long, violet robes were trimmed in gold, and in his hand he bore a staff of similar to those carried by the Moonkind. However, instead of a glowing moon jewel clasped in a palm, at its top glittered a blood-red ruby imprisoned by wooden prongs. The man’s ornate sandals made little noise as he swept by on his way to the head of the Council table. There he was greeted with ceremonial deference by the spokeswoman in blue.
With the barest dip of his head, the white-haired venerable replied, “My thanks, Lady Elisia, both to you and the rest of Council. I offer greetings as well to our Ranetron Pronconcil and all those here assembled.”
He swept the huge chamber in a look encompassing all those mentioned. That look came full circle, lighting on my companion and myself. “Peace to you, Moonkind Rittean, daughter of Moonkind Risean. Ever are your people welcome at Aerisia’s Council table.”
At this I daringly lifted my head, just in time to meet the gaze he settled on me. The formality in his voice faded. Gently, he said, “Greetings, fair one. As our lady Artan, you are most welcome to our Council chamber, our homes, and our hearts. You are most welcome to Aerisia.”
Stunned, I rose slowly to my feet, only to discover my fingers were trembling and my brain lightheaded. What was going on? How did he know—what did this mean?
To my further amazement, every last Elder and Pronconcil at the great table now bowed to me—to me!—before lowering themselves to their benches.
Feeling a light touch to my elbow, I jerked my head around, meeting Rittean’s sympathetic smile. “Come, my lady,” she said softly. “The High Elder has spoken. You are welcome to the Council table.”
Chapter Five
The Council Table
 
So I was led by Rittean Wis’ Curlm to the foot of Aerisia’s great Council table. There we stood, side by side, waiting to be addressed by the High Elder. He spoke first to my friend, his full, white beard parting in a fond smile.
“Greetings again, Moonkind Rittean. We had anticipated the arrival of your worthy father by now. Is he not in Laytrii?”
“High Elder, my father departed Laytrii three days past. He is gone on mission to Treygon, seeking a Simathe for this lady by my side. He hopes to bring this Simathe to Laytrii for the approval of our esteemed Elders and Pronconcil, as well as yourself, my lord.”
“Indeed,” the High Elder nodded. “We eagerly await his coming.” He shifted those bright green eyes to me. “Ah Lady Hannah…long have I desired to look upon your face. As our promised Artan, you are our hope, our promise of the future. I see the doubts on your face, but I say to you, be of good courage. In time, all will be made clear to you.”
Be made clear to me? Nothing was clear to me! And at present, I didn’t particularly care if it ever was. All I wanted was to go home. Still, since going home wasn’t exactly an option at the moment, I decided to play along for a while. If this was a dream—which, to my horror, I was beginning to doubt—maybe I’d wake up soon and everything would be back to normal. If not….well, I’d need all the information I could glean in order to stay afloat.
“Um, greetings Elders, Pronconcil, High Elder and…everyone else,” I began hesitantly, feeling my cheeks warm at how ignorant I must sound. “I thank you for your welcome, but—but…” When I faltered, one of the male Elders smiled kindly, encouraging me to continue. “But as you said, things aren’t very clear at the moment. Maybe you could explain exactly where I am, why you’ve brought me here, what a Simathe is—this thing that I’m supposed to have, and who in the world this Artan person is. I assure you I’ve never heard anything about her, not even her name. What are these legends that people keep referring to? Why would you think I could possibly be her, and when can I go home?”
Despite my attempts to remain calm, my frustration became more obvious with each question. Rittean, sensing that I was upset, reached for my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze, the action hidden by the dark folds of her robe.
The white-haired High Elder rose majestically from his seat at the head of the table, staring me in the eye. Despite the weakness in my knees, I gazed right back. I would not let these foreign rulers see how confused, how weak, I truly felt.
“Hannah Elizabeth Winters, for such was your name upon Earth, you have not been unknown to us while dwelling in that distant land. As the years passed and you increased in years, we have watched over you from Aerisia. When the time was deemed ripe, we dispatched our worthiest Moonkind, Risean Wy’ Curlm, to bring you hither.”
An intense light flared in those pale green eyes, burning through layers of tissue and skin, setting my very bones to shaking. “You were not brought to Aerisia for nothing, my lady. As our promised Artan, you will fight The Evil which threatens us. You will, and you must make use of the gifts imparted to you in order to save our realm.”
As quickly as it appeared, the light faded. The old man slumped onto his bench as if his strength had vanished along with it. His head drooped. After a moment’s pause he spoke again, but now his voice was quiet, tired.
“In answer to your questions, we do not know when you shall return to Earth. Certainly not until the darkness descending upon us has been vanquished.” Lifting his face, he concluded, “Your other questions I will instruct Moonkind Rittean and Lady Elisia to answer. Such is the will of the High Elder. Does Council object?” There were no protestations. “Very well, then.” Back to me—“You will be assigned a room in this palace, free to come and go as you please, but only after the Joining has taken place.”
I turned to Rittean. “The Joining?”
“A mere formality, and nothing to bother about,” she was quick to reassure me. A little too quick, perhaps. “Wait until my father and your Simathe arrive. You will be informed, I assure you.”
“Wait a minute, the Joining has to do with a Simathe? What if I don’t wanna wait until he, she—whatever it is—arrives before I find out. In fact—” Steamed, I rounded on Council. “What I’d really like is for you people to answer my questions straight out. You’ve not only taken me from my home against my will, so far, every tiny question I ask seems to open up six bigger ones. Will somebody please give me some answers here? How do you expect me to save this stupid place when I don’t even know what the heck’s going on?”
The Elders shifted, exchanging uncomfortable glances, until the Elder to my left, the one who’d smiled at me earlier, rose to his feet.
“Clearly our lady Artan is not one to mince words,” he asserted with gentle humor. “Nor can I blame her. The problem, my lady, is that answers are difficult to come by when there are so many to be sorted out.
“Go now to your chambers with Lady Elisia and Moonkind Rittean. They will make clear to you all that they can. Meanwhile, this Council has many important matters to discuss. We are grateful for your tolerance and your patience,” he summed up, bowing before resuming his seat.
I heaved a sigh. “Fine, let’s go to my room. Maybe I’ll get more information with fewer people around. So if you’ll excuse me…”
Unsure of proper etiquette, I sketched my own haphazard bow and spun about to leave. Behind me, I heard shuffling as those seated at the table stood to bow in return but didn’t look back as I strode briskly toward the same staircase which had brought me here. I hoped Rittean and Lady Elisia were following to lead the way once I departed the Council Hall, because I really had no idea which way to go.
Chapter Six
Moonstones and Doors
Meanwhile…
 
He rode throughout the twilight hours, sustaining the steady pace he’d kept for countless hours. The hoofbeats of his steed had not flagged; they echoed as strongly now as at the journey’s commencement. It was a good horse, a strong one, a Restless: able to carry a rider many a mile and many a day without tiring.
This journey, though, was nearly complete. Soon they would reach Laytrii, chief palace of the realm and residence of every Aerisian Elder and Pronconcil, save one.
Turning his head, he glanced at the old Moonkind, Risean Wy’ Curlm, who kept pace beside him on a borrowed ebony steed. A good man, that. Despite his not being Simathe.
The warrior’s black eyes flickered back to the dusky, tree-lined road. Darkness was falling, to be pursued by the rising of the moon. Lord Ilgard, High-Chief of the Simathe, hoped to reach Laytrii soon after.
*   *   *
Once the vast doors of the Council chamber had closed beside us, I moved aside, allowing Rittean and the stunning woman in blue to take the lead. They guided me away from the massive double doors, selecting a different passageway than the one Rittean, the Ranetron High-Chief, and I had taken earlier en route to the Council chamber.
So this is Lady Elisia, I thought to myself, observing the pair ahead of me. Man, she’s beautiful.
She was like a porcelain goddess or a vision stepped from an artist’s dream. Tall and slim, she moved with elegance and grace. Her long, shimmering hair, pulled back into a loose braid, was interwoven with pearls and silver ribbon. The braid fell prettily down her back, stopping shy of her trim waist. The soft, strawberry-blonde tresses gleamed against the pale silk of her gown.
From what I’d observed so far, the lady Pronconcil was not unique in her ivory skin and reddish-gold hair. In fact, all of those gathered in the Council Hall to watch the proceedings had hair, skin, and delicate features akin to Lady Elisia’s. Men and women alike, they tended to be a beautiful, fair-skinned race, from the young teens to the aged Elders, whose hair had turned silvery grey from age.
Only the Moonkind, Rittean and her father, Risean, stood out. Both had that odd hair of pure, pure white, and both had those incredible tropical eyes…another distinctive feature of the Moonkind. The Aerisians I’d seen all shared green eyes of varying shades. None of these people could be called ugly, yet no woman in attendance could possibly compare with this Lady Elisia in terms of beauty—except, perhaps, the other Pronconcil which whom she’d entered.
We walked in silence. The hallways were long, the walls adorned with murals and tapestries, the floors that familiar pink and silver marble. Candles flickered in elegant silver sconces, spaced at regular intervals upon the walls. From the length of our journey, I was beginning to wonder how I’d ever find my way around this palace—it had to be huge! But I said nothing of my worries to either of my companions. Secretly, I hoped to be gone from here long before I’d ever have to worry about circumnavigating this enchanted structure.
At last we stopped. The hallway dead-ended at a large oak door, round, with no visible handle or doorknob.
Okaaaay. How am I supposed to get in and out?
Then—“Querdo,” my Moonkind friend commanded, and to my astonishment the door swung open.
Ah ha, so that’s it!
I tucked away the word in mental storage in case of future need. As soon as we’d stepped fully into the room, the curious round door slammed shut behind us, without anybody touching it. Shocked, I spun around.
“Was it supposed to do that?”
Rittean laughed, unconcerned. “But of course.”
Her equanimity helped calm me, and I decided to let it go. Amid all the wonders I’d already seen today, a door closing on its own was hardly the weirdest.
The room we’d entered was neither large nor small but was elegantly appointed with tasteful, comfortable furnishings. Soft twilight filtered in from an open doorway leading onto a small balcony beyond. Besides this, no windows, lanterns, or obvious means of obtaining light were to be seen. My sense of unease reared itself. I’d never liked the dark, not since…
I shook my head to dispel the memory. I had enough on my mind without grim recollections crowding their way to the surface.
“I hate to be a bother,” I spoke up. “But is it possible to get some candles in here before we start our little talk? I don’t really like the idea of sitting around in the dark that much.”
“There is no need for candles.”
It was the beautiful Pronconcil who had spoken. Her voice was low pitched, musical, and every bit as charming as her outward appearance. I wondered what her singing voice was like.
She waved her hand in a graceful arc before her face. “Light,” she said, and instantly the entire chamber was flooded with light from a source high above my head.
I glanced up, spellbound. An ornate chandelier, dripping with crystals, hung from the ceiling by a draped, golden chain. Dozens and dozens of candles or light bulbs or something provided its light.
What are those? Moons?
Incredibly, they were the same tiny moon jewels adorning the staffs carried by Rittean and her father. In the chandelier, dozens of them sparkled together, their dancing light not only driving away the darkness but filling the room with luminous, ethereal beauty.
“Rittean, what are those things?” I asked breathlessly. “I’ve seen them on you and your father’s staffs, and now they’re here on this chandelier, too. Are they a source of light, magic?”
My friend smiled. “Moonstones…they are moonstones, my lady. At times a source of magic, at times a source of light. At times, they provide both.
“Be seated, my friend,” she continued, waving me to a nearby couch. “The Spinner and I shall impart to you the legend of the moonstones and, to the best of our abilities, answer any other inquiries you might have.
Chapter Seven
Legends and Lore
 
“So, where should I ask you to start?” I asked as soon as we were seated. “The legend of the Artan? The Elders? The Simathe? There’s so much I need to know.” I paused, considering. “Maybe you should just start with yourselves. Tell me, what exactly is—or maybe I should say who exactly are—the Moonkind? And what about you, Lady Elisia? I don’t mean to sound rude, but what are you? And how did you get to become a Pronconcil?”
After stealing a sip from the goblet she’d poured, Lady Elisia set it aside to answer.
“Many years ago,” she began, her voice sweet and intoxicating as warm wine, “the citizens of Aerisia were an erudite people, well versed in the stories, the legends, the history of their land. Tales of valor, chivalry, and romance flowed through the generations, passed from father to son, mother to daughter, and so on and on throughout the years.
“Alas, as so often happens, with the progression of time our lore slowly began to vanish. People forgot, no longer recalling the days of old. Wiser heads, those who valued what had gone before, knew something must be done. Thus did Council assemble, hoping to formulate a plan that would halt this forgetting, this erasing of our valuable histories. Sequestering themselves for days, they sought solutions.
“Ultimately, the course agreed upon was to visit the Spinners, who dwelt some miles east of Laytrii’s palace in the Valley of Flax. They live there then and now, you see, because the flax growing in this valley is the best to be had for the spinning of wondrous cloths such as the Spinners weave in their secret craft.”
“Are they anything like those curtains and draperies in the room where I woke up?” I broke in. “They were really beautiful.”
Lady Elisia smiled in return. “Every tapestry, every curtain, every pillowslip, every coverlet in this palace was made by my people, the Spinners. They were our gifts, years ago, to the High-Chieftess in recognition of her valor. Their equal is not to be found in all the land. Not only are they of the greatest beauty, but the fabric of the Spinners never ages, rends, or tears. Always, it is as you have seen today—perfect.”
Although her statement could’ve been boastful, she said it so matter-of-factly it didn’t come off that way. Nor did Rittean’s expression or body language say anything different. Apparently, the Spinners’ skill was famous.
She went on. “But to continue my tale…the Elders dispatched emissaries to visit the Valley of Flax and speak with Iseldra, who led our clan in those days. The wisest Spinner of her time, she is revered to this day by those who recall her wit, her intellect, and her perspicacity. Only three days after Council’s dilemma was related to Iseldra, she sent back a reply: Hope is not lost. Come, for I have discovered a method of preserving our precious histories and legends.”
“What was her plan?” I asked.
“It was simply this: the history of Aerisia would be woven into rich tapestries, tapestries which—by the magic of the Spinners—would stand the test of time. These selfsame tapestries have hung since that time in the palace’s great tapestry hall, accessible to all, nobleman and commoner alike. Indeed, upon reaching their fourteenth summer, all Aerisian children—both male and female—are required to pass a year in studying these tapestries and learning their secrets. Thus has our history been preserved and the stories of our land enshrined in our hearts.
“Unfortunately,” she digressed, a shadow creeping over her face, “this is a custom that has fallen out of favor with the masses. The poor need their offspring to work the land; the rich believe their business ventures worthier of their children’s time than viewing musty tapestries.”
Her elegant nose wrinkled in distaste, and I could imagine an artist’s indignation over such an appraisal of a truly phenomenal work.
“However, unlike so many, we Spinners have never forgotten. Novices in our institute must learn the ancient tales and then weave their own tapestry portraying the incidents of their choosing. We understand that Aerisia’s greatest wealth is the preservation of her history, her legends, her lore. Upon our shoulders has fallen the burden of safeguarding them, and it is a duty we take most seriously.”
“Aye, most seriously,” broke in Rittean. “My father says you should not ask a Spinner whether or not the day be fair without expecting a history lesson in response.”
I half expected to see anger flush the Spinner’s porcelain cheeks, but she laughed merrily. “Well met! Unlike some, Master Risean appreciates the value of history. Numerous and engaging have our conversations been.”
She turned back to me. “There is another thing, my lady, that you should know. The name Spinner has come to denote two meanings. It now means not only one who weaves fine cloth and sews beautiful garments but also one who is a Spinner of tales. We are honored by both distinctions, just as our fellow Aerisians value our store of knowledge and often ask our advice on matters of import.”
“Which is why you, a Spinner, have a seat at the Council table,” I surmised.
“Indeed. Iseldra was the first Spinner to take that role, and I trust I shall not be the last. Often the surest way to avoid future errors is to have an understanding of the past.”
“We have a saying on Earth,” I agreed thoughtfully. “Those who won’t learn from the past are doomed to repeat it.”
“There is much wisdom in thus,” the Spinner acknowledged. “I do not speak lightly when I say that my sisters have often prevented a misjudgment on the part of Council by recalling a bit of history that has kept Aerisia from making the same mistakes twice.”
“And so, my lady, you have now the history of the Spinners and why Lady Elisia sits among her peers at Council,” put in Rittean. “What is your delight now? Shall she tell you of Lady Tey, her fellow Pronconcil, or of Lord Elgrend and the lineage of the High Elders?”
I thought about it before answering, “Well…I don’t think so, Rittean. At least, not right now. I mean, I do want to hear all that, but there’s so many other things I feel like I should know first. Really, I’d like to hear about you and your father—about your people, the Moonkind. And the staffs you carry, and those jewels on top: what you call moonstones. What’s that all about?”
My moon-haired friend giggled. “Forgive me, my lady. Your manner of speaking is so…well, it is rather—”
“Different than that to which we are accustomed,” finished Lady Elisia delicately.
Rittean added hastily, “Of course it is my pleasure to tell you of my people, the Moonkind.”
“Cool.” Kicking off my shoes, I pulled my feet up under me on the settee. “I’m comfy. Let’s get started.”
Chapter Eight
Moonkind Magic
 
“Before the city of Laytrii rose from the plains, before the Elders and Pronconcil met to give guidance to our land, my people—the Moonkind—arrived on the shores of the Shimmering Sea.”
Leaning back against the settee, I listened with rapt attention to my newfound friend’s story. Her voice, though pleasant, lacked the entrancing qualities of Lady Elisia’s. But then, Rittean was a Moonkind, not a Spinner.
“We arrived as strangers, outcasts from our home on the Moon. A terrible drought wrought by the wickedness and witchery of the nightsworn had befallen our homeland. Wreaking untold havoc, it slew all living things and parched all fountains of water. Upon such barren ground, life could no longer be sustained: my people were forced to flee.”
“To Aerisia,” I deduced, “where you settled and built new homes for yourselves.”
“You speak truly,” she nodded. “With them, my people brought moonstones such as these here: precious gems mined in deep, secret places into which the light of the moon seeps and is stored. Imbued with this light, our moonstones are a source of both light…and magic.”
Magic. An involuntary whisper shivered down my spine. Magic… Sure, I’d heard the word often enough in Disney features and Grimm’s fairytales. But this was a far cry from either of those. This was here. This was real. This was me.
Do you believe in magic?
The silly old question came back to haunt me. Maybe… I had to admit.
“Here in Aerisia,” Rittean pressed on, unaware of my private turmoil, “did my people arrive, surmounting mountain, field, plain, and desert to the great village of Catras, where the Aerisian High-Chief of old, Lord Laydon Wy’ Tilrk, resided.
“You must know,” she put in as an aside, “this was before the days of darkness and shadow. High-Chief Laydon was a respectable man then, and he offered these weary travelers a home in his village. They soon became known across the land as the Moonkind: people of the Moon.
“Alas,” my friend lamented, “in time, the power High-Chief Laydon beheld the Moonkind wielding became a snare to his soul. When he sought it, sought the magic of the moonstones, he was corrupted. No man is equipped to wield too much power. Our Tredsdays warned the High-Chief of this, but his ears were closed to their words.”
Tredsdays, I thought triumphantly. I know that word! Risean Wy’ Curlm used it when he came to get me in Mr. Cutter’s pasture. It means, it means—I snapped invisible mental fingers. Oh yes, Guardian! That’s it! He said a Tredsday is a Guardian, which I guess means something like a judge, or Elder.
Realizing abruptly that I’d fallen behind, I tuned my ears once more to Rittean’s story in time to catch: “…avarice and greed—these had maddened him until he wished to be more than a mere High-Chief. He wished to bring the entirety of Aerisia beneath his heel. He wished to rule as a king, a god!
“This madness grew like a plague until it dominated the High-Chief’s mind. It was then that he gained possession of three moonstones—a valuable treasure—by stealing the life of their owner.”
Delicate way to state he murdered someone.
“Only belatedly did the High-Chief realize the power he craved can be employed only by those who fully understand it. And only those who have dwelt upon the Moon or mined its stones can do so.”
“Wait,” I broke in. “You say the power can only be used by those who’ve lived on the Moon or mined its stones. So how come you and your father carry those staffs? I’m pretty darn sure they aren’t just decorations, either. Not after what I saw your father do when he brought me here.”
“An excellent observation, Lady Hannah. Of course, the days of which I speak are long gone. The lore of the stones has been passed down through the centuries. First it went from Tredsday to Tredsday, then—once we realized how our powers were diminishing—from Tredsday to every Moonkind who would learn. As with the Aerisians and their tapestries, all Moonkind younglings are schooled in the use of the stones.
“Alas, much knowledge has been lost,” she sighed. “The power wielded today is but a shadow of what it was once. But what remains is still sacrosanct to us: we alone, as people of the Moon, understand and can exercise the magic of the stones.
“When High Chief Laydon discovered this—that he could neither comprehend nor employ the moonstones’ magic—his life was shattered. In his grief, and tormented by his conscience for the murder he’d wrought, he threw himself from the pinnacle of Mount Mortane, dashing himself to pieces upon the rocks below.
“So perished the High-Chief. But after him arose his daughter, the great Laytrii Wis’ Tilrk.
“Ah, I see the light spring to your eyes,” Lady Elisia commented. “In the course of your short visit, you’ve heard this name often. You wish to know if this palace bears her name. Well, your conjecture is correct. Have patience, my lady. The stories of this palace, the High-Chieftess, and the Moonkind are all intertwined. In due course, you’ll understand all.”
“So you will,” agreed Rittean. “The High-Chieftess, clever as she was beautiful, greatly respected the Moonkind and their power. So wise was she that she vowed never to crave it as her father had done, lest a similar fate befall her. In truth, this woman sought neither power nor might. Rather, she sought to guide her people with love, to dispense mercy with justice.
“Under her guidance Aerisia flourished, as did the Moonkind. So great was the love my people bore her that they undertook to build a palace that would stand forever as a lasting monument to her reign. Thus, the power of our moonstones was used to create the selfsame palace in which we sit. From the marble of Mount Mortane was it wrought: carved, as it were, from the mountain’s very heart.”
Hearing this, I locked my arms around my upraised knees, gazing about this vaulted chamber with new respect.
Carved from the heart of a mountain. Imagine that.
“The building completed, my people used a number of the stones brought from their former homeland to be used as sources of light, like those above,” she clarified, nodding toward the glittering chandelier I’d admired earlier. “You see, my lady, affording light is the first power of the moonstones; it is their very nature. This light they’ll give to any who request it, as you’ve seen Lady Elisia do. Furthermore, as with the Spinner’s magical cloth, the light of the moonstones will never diminish. They are today just as they were then.”
“Wow. That’s amazing.” Dropping my hands to my lap, I leaned forward, peering up at the chandelier as if I might be able to pierce the source of Moonkind magic and light. “Just…” impossible, improbable. incredible “…amazing.”
“So it is,” concurred my friend then carried on as if she’d never been interrupted.
“The High-Chieftess had not been long in her new abode when love came to her. A great warrior, by name of Ranetron…”
Ranetron? Another name I knew!
“…finally succeeded in capturing her heart and making her his bride. They were wed in the palace gardens, which form the heart of the Palace. You will see them soon, I trow—the Council chamber lies directly beneath. After speaking their marriage vows, the couple planted a Living Tree there in the gardens, a tribute to their love. A tribute meant to grow while they lived, and flourish long after their deaths.
“Sadly, though they desired it, a child was never born to the lady and her husband. In time, needing an heir, they adopted a foundling who would rise from obscurity to become the High-Chieftess’s son. Eventually, he became a mighty warrior like his father. Taking his father’s name, he became known as Lord Ranetron, son of High-Chief Ranetron.
“Time, you know, is a bandit of the worst sort. Dark were the days for Laytrii when this thief stole the life of her husband. Afterward, she’d no desire to go on living. Knowing her own time was short, she offered the throne of High-Chief to her adopted son and heir, but Lord Ranetron’s desire was to lead soldiers and warriors, not govern a kingdom. Advising his mother of this, the man pledged eternal guardianship to his mother’s new palace and city—both of which now bore her name—as well as to whoever she named her successor.”
The tale continued. Council, established by the High-Chieftess, was decreed to be twelve: six men and six women from varying occupations, regions, and walks of life. Apparently, the old High-Chieftess had been something of a democrat. She wanted everybody to be represented, which, at least in theory, they were. The High-Chieftess also wanted people chosen for wisdom, not magical talents. In her opinion, people needed to know that power, real power and good power, is found in wisdom and clarity of mind rather than magic and might of the sword.
I couldn’t say I disagreed. Which was why it boggled my mind that all these people considered me—some legendary Artan figure, with a bunch of supposed supernatural gifts—to be so doggone important.
“The High Elder,” Rittean finished up, “was appointed by Lady Laytrii to oversee Council and make any necessary final decisions. His seat of power hearkens back to the Aerisian High-Chiefs and Chieftesses of old, although his authority is shared, while theirs was not.
“Pronconcil were decreed by Laytrii to be four. Like the Elders, they would be of the people, but they would be of those peoples who had given special aid to Aerisia. She didn’t choose them herself but left that task up to Council. In time, they came to be as you saw in the Council chamber below: a Spinner, a Ranetron, a Simathe, and a Cortain. To the last group named belongs Lady Tey.”
“Your companion?” I asked Lady Elisia. “The other female Pronconcil?”
“Just so,” the Spinner replied.
“Okay, I think I’m getting the picture. So the current Ranetron are descendants—kinda—of Lord Ranetron who abdicated, and the military forces he lead? And they’ve taken his name?”
“Correct,” Rittean affirmed. “A number of Ranetron defend our capital city and palace, while others form the body of our army.”
“I see. But it still seems weird to me that the Moonkind, who did so much for Aerisia and High-Chieftess Laytrii, and who had so much power, weren’t allowed to become part of Council. Why is that?”
“In truth, Lady Hannah, the High-Chieftess did offer the people of the Moon a seat at Council. They, however, were in complete accord: they felt they’d no place at Aerisia’s Council table. To rule anyone besides themselves went against the Peace of the Moon, the teachings by which we live,” Rittean clarified. “They were Moonkind, after all, not Aerisians. Rather than sit at Council, they were content to offer counsel whenever asked, and to use their skills for the good of the land.”
“Mmmm, wow, that’s quite a story. Gives you the history of the Moonkind, High-Chief Laydon and his daughter, the Ranetron, the palace, and Council all in one.”
Turning to Lady Elisia, I teased, “Tell me, can a Spinner spin this tale as well as Rittean, a Moonkind, just did?”
“Certainly not!” she quipped. “A Spinner would do a far better job.”
At this, the three of us laughed, and I discovered I felt much better than I had earlier. I even felt like I was forming not one but two new friendships.
“Well, I think you’ve covered my major questions except two,” I said when we’d quieted. “Who are the Simathe, and just what is a Joining?”
I still didn’t like the sound of that—Joining—and before I had anything to do with it I was determined to get an explanation. Let Council decree all it wanted; I’d use any influence I might have as the supposed “Artan” before I’d undergo some strange process I knew nothing about.
Which, speaking of…
I realized I’d forgotten to ask her history. Obviously, I needed this information, especially if I was going to convince these people that I was not her. Nevertheless, further inquiries were forestalled by the sudden clatter of horse hooves in the courtyard below.
Lady Elisia, rising lithely, set her goblet on a nearby tabletop and stepped out onto the balcony. After a moment, she turned back to us, her long braid swinging over her shoulder.
“It is your father, Rittean, and the Simathe High-Chief arrived at last,” she announced.
Rittean stood quickly. “Then we must be off. Come, my lady. Your other queries must wait. You’ll wish to meet the Simathe High-Chief. He is both a lord in his own right and our fourth Pronconcil.”
But a chill raced down my backbone at the word Simathe.
You’ll want to meet the Simathe High-Chief, my eye, I thought, prepared to protest this forced meeting.
Unluckily, I wasn’t given the chance as Rittean and Lady Elisia ushered me out the door and down long hallways leading toward the tiered amphitheater and the Simathe lord who’d just arrived. But somewhere along the way, I lost my nerve. It’s no understatement to say I was completely overwhelmed. My whole world had been turned on its head. Either this was the most elaborate dream ever experienced, or I really was in some foreign world, among people of an equally foreign mindset. Multiply this by their unfamiliar speech, fashions, food, and lifestyle—not to mention beliefs, customs, and architecture—and it was a lot to absorb.
My head was swimming with all I’d heard and seen. I knew I had neither the physical nor the mental strength to endure any more. Besides, this mysterious Simathe High-Chief was not high on the list of people I wanted to meet. Not with so much mystery surrounding him. I just couldn’t make myself walk into that imposing Council chamber again. I couldn’t face Aerisia’s Elders, Pronconcil, and High Elder a second time, and I couldn’t meet the Simathe lord. Not tonight. I just couldn’t.
So I stopped walking. Simply stopped, waiting for Moonkind Rittean and Lady Elisia to notice I was no longer following. It didn’t take long.
“My lady, why do you linger? Come, they are expecting us,” Rittean insisted, beckoning me forward.
I stood my ground. “I can’t do it, Rittean. I just can’t. I’m sorry, but I can’t face Council and all of those people again. Not tonight, anyway. And I can’t face this Simathe High-Chief, whoever he is, without knowing anything about him, either.
“I’m tired. I—I just want to go to bed. Please, there’s nothing going on that can’t wait till morning, is there? Please?”
The two women exchanged concerned glances.
“I…suppose,” Lady Elisia vacillated, a frown furrowing her smooth brow. “I could explain your desires to Council.” A quick smile—“Intercede on your behalf, we may say. Is this what you want, Lady Hannah?”
“Oh, yes,” I breathed gratefully. “Please, Lady Elisia, I’d appreciate that so much.”
My answering smile contained the appreciation and relief I felt at her offer. The fact that Council might turn her down never entered my mind. This beautiful Spinner had already impressed me as the kind of person who could convince anyone to do whatever she wanted.
“Very well, then. I shall so do.” Turning to Rittean, she instructed, “If you will escort my lady to her chambers, I will address Council.”
“As my lady wishes,” my Moonkind friend agreed.
I sighed with relief as we turned to retrace our steps. Sleep. That sounded good right now. Both my body and my mind were downright drained. I was pretty sure I’d have no problems getting a good night’s rest. Hopefully, it would help. After all, things usually look better in the morning.
Chapter Nine
So Be It
 
From the foot of the Council table, Lord Ilgard, High-Chief of the Simathe, observed the Spinner Pronconcil descending the staircase leading to the floor of the Council chamber. Grace in every motion, she halted a pace away to salute him in typical Aerisian fashion. Despite the smile tilting her fine mouth, no warmth reached her green eyes.
“Greetings, Ilgard, Lord of Treygon. Too long has your Council seat been vacant. We welcome your wisdom in these trying times.”
Though the words were sincere, he could hear the tightness in her voice. To ignore or offer him—a fellow Pronconcil—a slight would have been unacceptable. A gentlewoman through and through, the lady addressed him earnestly but as sparingly as possible. It was no more than he expected. In response, he matched her welcome with a shallow bow and a succinct greeting of his own.
“Lady Elisia—my gratitude for your welcome.”
Short and to the point with no flowery words, no excessive dialogue, no subtle flatteries. When electing to speak, a Simathe selected his words with care. His point was always made in the least amount of time, and with the fewest words.
The lady turned quickly, as if relieved to have done with the duty of conversing with him. Now she and the Moonkind Tredsday, Master Risean, greeted each other in courtly Aerisian fashion, the High Elder waiting patiently until they had finished before rising to his feet.
“Pronconcil Elisia, you have returned alone. The lady Artan and Moonkind Rittean, where are they?”
All eyes upon her, the Spinner smiled genially, mitigating any fears.
“My fellow lord and ladies of Council and, of course, our esteemed Moonkind advisor, Master Risean…” She turned that smile on him. “The lady Artan is fatigued by the day’s events, and asks that she be excused from attending Council. She is hopeful that, following a night’s rest, she will be better able to fulfill her obligations on the morrow. Moonkind Rittean has escorted her back to her chambers. May I send word that you approve her request?”
The situation was highly irregular. Nevertheless, due consideration must be given to the fact that it was the lady Artan who’d made the request. Hence, leave was given. The Spinner dispatched a servant to the Artan’s chambers with a message of permission and further instruction concerning the lady’s needs.
The Artan…
Something cold raced through the warrior’s veins at her name. When Moonkind Risean had arrived at his stronghold bearing tidings that the legendary, long-prophesied figure had been discovered and brought from Earth, the Simathe High-Chief had felt a pang akin to joy, or hope. Perhaps both. After all these long years…could it be that Aerisia’s deliverer had finally come, and during his reign?
Any concealed joy was swiftly tempered by the old Moonkind’s next statement. Despite what some had predicted, that she would arrive fully equipped in every way to oppose the Powers of Darkness, the Artan was young, inexperienced, and untried. She doubted his word, she doubted herself, she doubted her destiny. And until she discovered her gifts, she would be in grave danger from The Evil. Because of that, she was in need of costly, permanent, unique protection. Protection of the sort none but a Simathe could give. A Joining.
Hearing those words, the High-Chief had heard also their underlying implication. Requested to attend Council, he had complied, knowing full well that he would be asked whether or not he—one of lesser station would hardly suffice to safeguard the Artan—was willing to undergo Joining with her.
What could he say?
He was not merely a Simathe: he was the Simathe High-Chief, their highest lord and most skillful warrior, chosen to lead by his Simathe brethren. He was also Pronconcil, had been for decades, despite rare attendance at Council meetings. As such, he’d a duty toward his homeland. He must serve her as best he could. And if that duty required him to Join with this girl, to become her chosen protector, her Simathe—then so he must do.
It was, after all, for Aerisia. What sacrifice would he not make, had he not made, for the welfare of the realm?
It wasn’t that he feared the Artan or the Joining and what it entailed. A Simathe knew little fear and displayed even less. To make an outward display of any variety went against their particular creed. Burying deep not only fear but any other emotions they might possess, Simathe warriors presented to the world faces nothing less than perfectly calm at all times, in every situation. For this reason, many Aerisians believed them incapable of feeling anything at all. Most did not consider them fully human.
Never mind that he and his brothers had defended and safeguarded Aerisia for thousands of years. Never mind that they always would. Despite their work on Aerisia’s behalf, as long as there had been Simathe, there’d also been fear and mistrust. Nothing was said outright, but everyone knew it and everyone felt it. The subject was one whispered about between close friends, in dark houses and shadowy alleyways, in confidential conversations, even among Council members.
No one truly befriended a Simathe. Because of their excellent capabilities, they were tolerated and nothing more. Except feared, perhaps. “A necessary evil,” all agreed, nodding their heads wisely. Necessary—yet no one attempted to breach the centuries-old barriers of mistrust and apprehension.
Thus it had always been. Thus it would always be.
In his heart, the warrior-lord harbored no foolish misapprehensions. Countless years had taught him many harsh realities about humanity, and he expected this woman from another world to treat him no differently than did his fellow Aerisians, the Artan or not. Doubtless, she would shun him as much as possible. In her eyes he would read the thinly disguised trepidation at his approach, hear the tremor in her voice when she addressed him. She would not be unlike the rest of Aerisia. How could she be?
Like as not, they’d filled her head already with colorful, erroneous misconceptions of himself and his warriors. Like as not, this was the real reason behind her rudeness in refusing Council’s summons, albeit none dared say so. She was, in spite of everything, the Artan. The people’s hope. The world’s future. But she was, quite clearly, also quite human. And she would not, could not, overlook the things that set him and his fellow warriors apart.
Considering all these things, the High-Chief clenched his bare fingers into a tight fist. Nothing could be helped, or changed. What was to be must be, and he was resolved to harry himself no further. Come what may, he would do what he must. He was Simathe, he was the High-Chief, and he would serve his homeland by serving his Artan.
And if she hated him for it, then she did.
So be it.
Chapter Ten
Attack!
 
A servant had come and gone, giving me her name, Rosean Wis’ Dellmi, along with the assurance that she would see to my needs. The first thing I requested was a bath and something to sleep in. When these were brought, my new Moonkind friend followed the pretty servant girl from my room, bidding me a “Good night’s rest,” as she exited.
I waited until the echo of their footsteps had faded then dashed over to try the door. I pulled and shoved. I pushed and tugged. I even tried, “Open up,” and “Open sesame,” although, needless to say, neither phrase had any effect. I couldn’t remember the strange sounding word Rittean had used earlier and had the feeling that, even if I could remember it, this door was fixed against my getting out unaided.
“Crap,” I muttered, slumping in defeat. “Yeah, I’d like something,” I grumbled to myself, pushing away from the door. “I’d like a way to open my bedroom door so I’m not a prisoner in my own room. I’d like to call home. I’d like my own bed to sleep in. I’d like…I want my mom.”
My throat closed off. Breathing became difficult. Tears pricked my eyes.
Stop that, I chided myself. Can’t be a baby now. You’re an adult, remember? Worry about home and Mom later. Right now, just go with the flow. You’ll figure something out.
Still frustrated, I undressed and climbed into the tub, easing down until the water came up to my chin. Steamy warmth surrounded me, soothing me with the fragrance of jasmine and lavender. Inhaling, closing my eyes, I willed myself to relax, feeling aggravation slip away as the hot water did its job.
As I began to unwind, the confusion clouding my mind since I’d first sighted the stranger in Mr. Cutter’s field melted. Maybe it was a false sense of security, maybe it was pure exhaustion, but sleep stole in, taking its place. Resting my head against the rim of the tub, I permitted the water to unknot my muscles, clenched with tension. For the first time in ages, I felt peace. Real peace…
I must’ve dozed off. I don’t remember for sure, but I know I must have because I suddenly snapped awake. My eyes flew open and I bolted upright, water sloshing around my body. My chest was heaving. I couldn’t get enough air! What was happening, was I dying? Having a heart attack? A stroke? My mind screamed that I was suffocating, that I should call for help. I tried, but vocal cords remained silent—I couldn’t scream, couldn’t squeak, couldn’t…
Then, like the rush of water through an opened floodgate, air came, flooding my lungs with life. Greedily, I sucked in one breath, then two, then three. With the onslaught of fresh oxygen, panic receded and self-discipline returned. I will not freak out, I told myself sternly, even as chills raced up and down my spine. Pressing both fists against my eyes, I forced myself to calm down. My head throbbed and my heart still pounded, yet I continued to draw long, methodical breaths. I don’t know how long I sat there recovering, trying to figure out what’d happened in the first place, before it happened again.
Strangely enough, I felt no terror or panic. Something stirred in my blood: a cold, slimy sensation like a snake slithering through my veins. I went rigid, sat motionless and waited. Once more my breathing shortened, but this time it didn’t stop entirely. First it was merely that creepy, crawly feeling, then came the whisper of a presence—the knowledge that someone, something else was there, inside my head. My fists dropped from my eyes and I grabbed the sides of the tub in a death grip.
“Artan?” a male voice whispered. A slight pause, then, “Artan? My lady Artan?”
I wrenched about to look behind me, my arms folding automatically over my chest. My eyes darted wildly about the room. “Hello? Wh—who’s there?” I demanded. But no one was! Apart from myself, the room was empty.
“Artan, Artan…” the whispery voice sing-songed.
Suddenly, my bathwater went frigid. I started to shake with cold. All I could think was, This is not happening to me. After all I’d gone through today, this could not be happening on top of it.
“Artan? My lady Artan?”
Would it never stop, leave me alone?
“Artan?”
The voice dropped in pitch, becoming an intimate murmur that sent chill after chill down my spine. “Artan…my beautiful lady…hear me…”
Slowly, painfully, I raised my head. “I hear you,” I replied weakly. “Who are you? What do you want?”
My voice trembled as badly as my body. What’s happening to me? Something warned me that this voice—whatever, whoever it belonged to—was what had invaded my sleep, driving me into a panicked awakening. I could practically smell evil in the air.
“I am called Jonase,” drawled the voice, speaking slowly as if savoring the taste of each word. “I serve…One with great power. Come to me. Come to my Master, to us. You cannot help them.”
“Cannot—help who?”
“Any of them. The Elders, the Pronconcil, the people of Aerisia. Soon, soon they will know their helplessness, for I will make them to know it. I will show them my might, my power. Soon I will show them—”
“Show them what?” I urged timidly.
But the voice only laughed, low and mocking. “It is of no consequence. You, too, will learn in time…unless you come with me now.”
Come with him now? Where was he? Who was he? What was he?
“Will you? Will you come, my lady? Resist and you will perish. Join us, and we will be great!”
As the voice rose in intensity, the odor of decay filled the room. Its stench seeped into my nostrils, my very soul, making me gag. Revulsion shook my body. I didn’t want this, didn’t like it at all. I wanted to fight, wanted to resist. This voice, this thing, was evil. I didn’t have to see it to know that. Fear seized my heart, but at the same time something deep within rose up in defiance. A courage I’d never known spread through my limbs, thawing my heart, freeing me from a prison of ice. Gritting my teeth against the pressure inside my skull, I climbed to my feet, standing in icy bathwater up to my knees.
“I don’t know who or what you are,” I managed to force out, my fingers knotting into fists. “And I don’t know what you’re talking about, or what you really want. But I know this: I know you’re wicked and evil. No, I won’t go with you and I won’t serve you. I won’t have anything to do with you, or your master, whoever that is. I want you to go away and leave me alone!”
“Fool!” the creature in my head jeered, shooting electric flashes through my brain. “You are a fool. We are power, we are might, and we will conquer. Nothing can stand against us, not you nor your pitiful allies. Resist, and you shall die. You shall all die!”
As he screeched the last words, violent tremors seized my body. The reek of decomposing flesh was so strong I couldn’t breathe. Gagging, choking on putrid air, I felt my knees buckle. With a loud splash, I toppled helplessly into the water.
The thing in my head screamed, a crazy, wordless cry of hatred and rage. White-hot flame erupted, searing my bones. The scream filling my being within and without, I pressed my fists futilely to my ears, writhing in agony. Convulsions rocked my frame. A sudden, horrid jerk snapped my head back. Paralyzed, stunned, it took me a long moment to realize the scream had ended and the thing was gone. When my mind registered the fact that I was now alone, a scream of my own tore from my throat.
Lurching to my feet, I stumbled out of the tub and over to the bed, where a thick robe had been laid out beside an embroidered nightgown. Sobbing hysterically, I struggled to slip on the robe, battling my fingers to get the belt fastened.
Unable to stop screaming, I ran to the door. I was hysterical, unable to think of anything except escape. I pounded on the oak with both fists as hard as I could, weeping, shouting, “Let me out, let me out, let me out!”
Thankfully, it wasn’t long before footsteps were pounding down the hallway. The heavy door crashed open, and a swarm of people came rushing in. Sobbing, I fell into Rittean’s arms, powerless to speak as she gripped me tight.
“Quickly, Rosean—fetch Council, and don’t return without the Ranetron and Simathe High-Chiefs,” I heard the Moonkind say. “Make haste—fly, girl, fly!”
The servant dashed out to do as bidden while Rittean, leading me to the bed, eased me down onto the mattress.
*   *   *
Council had just been dismissed, a few Elders preparing to leave, when a young serving maid came flying down the steps leading to the Council Chamber. At the sound of her approach, every head swiveled to see who dared invade their privacy in so reckless a manner.
Dropping to one knee, amid gasps she forced out a message. “Moonkind Rittean sent me. Council must…must come at once. The Artan—she’s been attacked!”
Instantly, both the Simathe and Ranetron High-Chiefs were on their feet. Weapons ready, they darted up the lengthy staircase and out the door, their fellow Council members left to follow as best they could. With Lord Garett leading the way, they dashed down the hall and swung into the small chamber where the Artan was being kept. Entering, the Simathe’s black eyes flitted about the chamber, absorbing everything with a single sweep. No outward signs of danger were visible, but he saw Moonkind Rittean sitting upon the bed, clasping a dark-haired young woman in her arms.
The Ranetron High-Chief turned to him. “Stay with the lady. My men and I will secure the palace and grounds.”
The Simathe lord nodded. “Go.”
As the High-Chief vanished, the Elders arrived. Standing in nervous clusters about the open door, they whispered together, anxious over the distraught Artan. Sheathing his sword, the Simathe lord approached the bed.
“Moonkind Rittean, can you calm her? I must know what caused her distress.”
The blue-eyed girl nodded gamely. “Aye, my lord. I shall try.”
Chapter Eleven
Simathe
 
In the midst of my hysteria, I heard footsteps rushing about and voices swirling meaningless words. Uncaring, I clung to my friend, her strength and solidity my only grips on reality. It took time for anything else to penetrate my senses, but I eventually became aware of how her hand stroked my wet hair while she chanted soft, soothing words. Though I didn’t understand their meaning, the soft cadence helped soothe my nerves and quiet my sobs.
When I’d calmed down a bit, my friend gently pulled me upright. A hand holding a glass appeared, blurry through tears. “Here, my lady,” offered Lady’s Elisia’s voice. “Drink this.”
Accepting the proffered glass, I drank. One sip, however, and my stomach rebelled. I leapt up from the bed, the glass falling from my hand and shattering on the marble floor as I ran for the chamber pot hidden from view behind a curtain in the corner of the room. Even as I dropped to my knees, nausea struck with blinding force. Clutching the sides of the pot, I lost the contents of my stomach.
Vaguely, I heard Rittean dispatch Rosean on an errand, although what she said I couldn’t make out. Someone else stooped beside me, gathering my hair, pulling it back from my face as I vomited. Not until my stomach had completely emptied itself did the heaving stop and the queasiness slowly subside.
Another person knelt nearby. “The water and cloth, my lady,” she said.
“Give them to me.”
The voice by my ear was deep, masculine, and one I’d never heard before. Slowly I raised my pounding head, careful to avoid sudden movements. Large, calloused fingers captured my chin, turning it gently.
“Permit me, my lady.”
That same hand released my chin and began washing my face with a cold, wet cloth.
I strained to open my eyes, seeking the helpful stranger. His head was slightly bent, so I couldn’t see all of his face. His frame, however, dwarfed mine, even though he crouched next to me on his heels. I couldn’t see his eyes or mouth, yet his hands were comforting and sure as they wiped my face and held back my hair. Finished, he lowered the cloth, and finally lifted his face. Our eyes met. I heard my own involuntary gasp, felt my face blanch, and was instantly ashamed when I saw his eyes flicker and his jaw harden.
But I hadn’t been able to help it. His was the most startling face I’d ever seen. And his eyes—they were black, infinitely, unfathomably black, and darker still. The blackness consumed the entire eye, blotting out the whites, the pupils, and everything else. I’d never seen such a nightmarish feature on a human being; hadn’t believed it existed.
Nothing else about the man registered. Those alien eyes held mine, captivating my soul with their strange darkness. Under their spell I sat frozen, incapable of movement or rational thought. Neither of us moved until he finally dropped the cloth, released my hair, and rose to his feet. Catching my shaky hands, he also drew me to mine.
The attack, the nausea, the shock had left me so weak. My knees threatened to give and I stumbled. Before I had time to regain my balance, the man caught me with an arm around the waist, offering support without which I surely would have fallen. I clung to him unconsciously, staring wide eyed into his remarkable face. I couldn’t think to protest. Couldn’t think of anything except those eerie eyes. If he found my gaping impolite, the stranger ignored it as he led me back to my bed, settling me carefully on its edge. Immediately Rittean and Lady Elisia were there, one on either side, fussing over me.
“Our thanks, Lord High-Chief,” I heard one of them murmur.
The stranger acknowledged her gratitude with a nod, but his gaze flickered to me. “My lady, I must ask what you saw.”
I swallowed hard—because I had to address the stranger? Or because my mouth was bone dry, yet tasted of vomit? Either way, the man noticed the gesture and bid Rosean fetch me more water. When she handed me another glass I was able to drink safely, and I did so deeply, gratefully. Emptying the cup, I restored it to the servant girl with a quiet, “Thank you.”
Although I would’ve postponed this conversation indefinitely, I’d run out of delaying tactics. Unable to avoid it any longer, I lifted my gaze timidly to the dark stranger. “Wha—what’s your name?” I stammered, hating myself for the catch in my voice.
His voice, when he replied, was like his face: expressionless, and absolutely devoid of emotion or feeling. Both were cool and hard as glass. “I am Lord Ilgard, High-Chief of the Simathe,” he stated quietly.
I felt my eyes widen. This was a Simathe? One of the mysterious people Rittean had mentioned earlier? No wonder she’d seemed ill at ease and unwilling to explain her remarks!
My first impression was that everything about him, including his strange, strange eyes, set him well apart from his fellow Aerisians. The man was imposing, well over six feet tall, which levered him above most of the men in the room. He had an athlete’s body, with wide shoulders on top of a broad chest that tapered into a lean waist. Bare arms, displayed by a sleeveless leather jerkin, were taut with muscle definition.
Whereas the Aerisian men I’d met so far tended toward smooth, lighter skin, this Simathe’s was like burnished bronze. Their eyes were very human, ranging from light to dark green; his were a deep, inhuman, almost evil black. His hair, the same impossible color as his eyes, stood out in sharp contrast to the pure white of the Moonkind, the reddish blonde of the Aerisians, and the soft grey of the Elders.
There was nothing meek or mild, really nothing even soldierly in his persona. Indomitability, raw strength, and tremendous physical capability practically exuded from the stranger standing before me. He was Simathe, which marked him as different. But in what ways beside the obviously physical?
It was too much. My muddled mind couldn’t comprehend him, couldn’t reconcile his almost rough exterior and alien eyes with the gentle hands ministering to me during my sickness. Unable to meet his gaze any longer, I dropped my head but managed a subdued, “Thank you for your help.”
“My lady.” The calm strength of his voice echoed throughout my tired body, bidding me look up and face the speaker. When I couldn’t, he again chose to overlook my impoliteness, asking again, “I must ask what you saw. What frightened you so?”
The tension evoked by his presence dissolved as memories resurfaced of the intruder inside my brain. Bile curdled my stomach, burning my throat, but I shoved it down. In halting tones I told the whole story, unaware of how I wrapped my arms around myself, shivering, as if recounting the tale summoned that bone-deep cold.
Lord Garett, the Ranetron High-Chief, returned just as my story concluded. At his entrance, I finally glanced up from the silver-veined marble floor.
“My men and I discovered no intruders,” he announced, catching my eye. “It would appear that you are safe.”
I nodded wearily. “Yeah, I’m all right. Physically, anyway. I just—” I broke off, casting a pleading glance at Lady Elisia, still seated next to me on the bed. “You tell him, please,” I begged. “I don’t think I can go through it again. I just want to rest.”
Tears crept back into my eyes. I knew I was being a baby, but I couldn’t have stopped them for all the world. How much more was I supposed to endure?
Thankfully, whatever anybody else may’ve expected from me, Lady Elisia graciously accepted the burden I laid on her shoulders. The Spinner stood, saying, “I will explain all to the Ranetron High-Chief. We will all go, my lady, leaving you to take your rest. Do not fear. I…do not think further disturbances are likely.”
Lord Elgrend, the High Elder, stepped forward. “I concur with Lady Elisia. Nevertheless, for our own peace of mind, as well as yours, we shall ask the Simathe High-Chief to stand guard outside your door. Will this suit?”
At that point, all I wanted was for them to leave. Yes, I was still anxious, but exhaustion, probably increased by both the scare and the sickness, quickly overrode fear now that the danger seemed past.
Besides, I persuaded myself, nobody in their right mind would mess with me with somebody like this Simathe around. Nobody could be that dumb.
“Yes, that’s fine,” I agreed out loud. “If anything happens, I’ll call for…the High-Chief.”
Lord Elgrend nodded, offering a reassuring smile. “Very well. Sleep well, my lady.”
He beckoned to the others. “Come.” One by one, they filed out the round door.
When all except Rittean had gone, the Moonkind girl squeezed my hand gently. “Have no fear,” she whispered. “No harm can befall you with a Simathe keeping your door.”
The statement was a little too bold. Maybe the chances of anything harming me were much slimmer with a Simathe guard, but they weren’t completely gone, and we both knew it. I didn’t bother arguing. Just offered a tired smile, a “Thank you,” and a “Good night.”
With Rittean’s departure, I was left alone with the imposing Simathe lord. An awkward silence stretched between us, with me still refusing to look him in the face. He finally broke it by saying, “I will be just outside. Should you require anything, please call.”
I nodded in agreement but kept my face down, studying the fingers in my lap. Without another word he exited, the heavy door swinging soundlessly shut. I sat listless on the edge of the bed for awhile before rising to slip out of the robe, pulling on the undergarments and nightgown set out earlier. That was the extent of my preparations for bed, I’m afraid. A tidal wave of homesickness hit and I crawled beneath the heavy coverlet and cried myself to sleep.
Chapter Twelve
Night Watch
 
Assuming a position outside the round door, the Simathe High-Chief watched and listened for any signs signaling danger to the maiden within. He heard nothing, however. Save her. Through the thick oak he could hear her muffled sobs; it seemed hours before they slowed. When she finally quieted, the warrior assumed she had passed into slumber.
Good.
Doubtless, she was in sore need of rest. The day must have been trying, considering these Aerisians and their irksome ways of conducting matters. Not to mention the attack.
That the creature called Jonase had already addressed her boded ill. It shouldn’t have been aware of her presence this soon. It should not have had the means or opportunity to assault her, even remotely. Something must be done. The Simathe now saw plainly that the woman needed immediate protection…his immediate protection. He only hoped permitting a night’s rest rather than hastening matters toward a Joining was not foolish. At this vulnerable stage, even a short delay could be costly.
It couldn’t be helped, though. Given her present condition, the High-Chief knew she could never have withstood the rigors of a Joining. Still, it must be done as soon as possible. On that, his mind was fixed. If she really was the Artan, the Dark Powers would hardly postpone further strikes. Jonase had already attempted; what might they throw at her next?
Occupied by his grim musings, the tall warrior stood guard the remainder of the night. Every sense on high alert, every nerve strung, he kept watch for anything that might spell danger. To his relief, there was nothing. Peace reigned the remainder of the night hours.
Chapter Thirteen
Balcony Incident
 
I slept in the next morning. When I finally awakened, the sun was high in the sky, shining a bright path that splashed across my marble floor, my bed, my face. I sat up groggily, using my fists to rub the sleep from my eyes. With a huge yawn, I lowered my feet to the cool floor.
It appeared to be a lovely morning, one beckoning me to step outside and join it. Seduced by glimpses of golden sunshine, blue sky, and cotton ball clouds, I rose and padded on bare feet out to the balcony. My breath caught at the view awaiting me. Maybe it was worth coming to Aerisia, if only to see this!
Directly below was the courtyard. Swept and washed clean, its pale marble fairly sparkled in the late morning light. The courtyard was huge and not all of it paved: just the main area in front of the palace and little trails winding this way and that between outbuildings. Like the palace, it was enclosed by a thick stone wall, perhaps twenty feet high and ten feet thick. Complete with battlements, it encircled the extensive grounds in an impressive ring of protection.
Beneath me, servants dashed to and fro on various errands like ants crawling busily about their hill. At a more sedate pace, pairs of Ranetron soldiers strolled by atop the wide wall, the gleam of their polished armor making me squint. In the stable yard, several horses of obvious quality were being put through their paces. At the byre, a few cows stood guard over sleeping calves.
Encircling this vast outer wall, a deep moat filled with sluggish water proved an additional barrier. Beyond this were fields of waving grasses and tall crops that stretched for miles. To my right, somewhere beyond these acres and acres of fields, by shading my eyes with a hand I could just make out the tall towers and soaring spires of a great city. This, I assumed, was the city of Laytrii, which bore the same name as the palace.
On the opposite side of the palace, more fields quickly gave way to scattered trees which, in turn, yielded to a vast, dense forest. And encompassing the entire vista—city, palace, fields, and beyond—stretching as high and as far as the eye could see were great mountains, shimmering a bluish-purple sheen.
Interspersed throughout the entire landscape were wide roads and slender lanes. Cutting and weaving their way through fields, forest, and savanna-like grasses, they disappeared into the forest depths, ended here at the palace itself, or continued on a journey toward the city of Laytrii, the mountains themselves, or even beyond.
“On Earth, all roads lead to Rome,” I whispered aloud. “But where do you go?”
The real Artan would probably know where they led. She’d know this land of hers like the back of her hand. Which meant I couldn’t be the real Artan. Beautiful as this land was, I felt no true kinship with it. But that didn’t mean I couldn’t enjoy the view. In fact, I probably would’ve been content to stand there for hours, wordlessly soaking it all in, had not the clatter of hooves drawn my gaze from those remote mountains to the courtyard gates below.
The riders approaching were Simathe; I knew it at a glance. After last night’s encounter with their High-Chief, I’d have recognized that alien black hair and those eerie eyes in my sleep. To a man, they appeared cursed with their lord’s more bizarre features. They wore neither armor or helmets, yet their pitch-black hair and bronzed skin gleamed as vividly in the sunlight as did the weapons of the Ranetron.
There were about thirty in the group. I had to admit they sat their saddles well despite the antics of their high-strung mounts. Their horses were the most beautiful I’d ever seen; even Mr. Cutter’s thoroughbreds back home paled in comparison. They were tall and muscular, with thick manes and long tails that nearly swept the ground. Most astonishing of all, their dark coats were the same crazy black of their riders’ hair and eyes. I’d heard of pets resembling their owners, but this was ridiculous! That color should’ve been impossible for a horse. But then…until last night, I would’ve sworn it was impossible for a human, too. So maybe the fact that the Simathe and their horses shared similar coloring wasn’t so strange after all.
Watching the proceedings from safe above, I wondered uncomfortably what these Simathe were doing here at Laytrii. Also, why didn’t they dismount after halting at the palace’s main entrance? Were they waiting for someone?
My answer came promptly. The palace’s double doors opened with a crash and a man strode out, alone and unaccompanied. Glittering black hair, bare arms and shoulders: it was Lord Ilgard, the Simathe High-Chief. A cold chill skittered down my spine. The tall warrior was every bit as intimidating in broad daylight as he’d been last night in my room…and I didn’t want to be caught spying on him or his fellow Simathe.
I stepped back quickly from the railing, planning to turn and sneak inside, but clumsiness cursed me. When I stepped backward, my heel tangled in the hem of my long nightgown. I tripped, losing my balance. Arms flailing, I tried to recover, but it was too late. A shrill scream escaped as I plopped heavily on my backside.
Are you kidding me?
Humiliated, swearing at myself for being such an idiot, I rolled over onto my hands and knees, scurrying back into my bedroom as fast as I could crawl. I could feel my face flaming bright red. Why, oh why, did this have to happen in front of the daunting Simathe High-Chief and his men? Some “deliverer” I’d turned out to be: an idiot girl who couldn’t even keep her balance.
Chapter Fourteen
The Artan?
 
His head snapped up at the sound of a woman’s cry, and the Simathe High-Chief caught sight of the lady Artan just as she stumbled backward, wavered uncertainly, and then fell. To his astonishment, she didn’t bother to rise, but retreated into her bedchamber at a crawl in a comical parody of a scuttling insect or a creeping child. He could feel his men’s incredulous amusement at the ridiculous sight, although their facial expressions never changed.
Lord Norband, his Chief Captain and second-in-command, spoke, but not so any bystanders could hear. Using mindspeech, their method of noiseless communication by use of the mind alone, he said, This is the lady Artan? This the hope of Aerisia, a lass who cannot walk upright?
Aye, his High-Chief replied slowly. This, they say, is the Artan: the hope of Aerisia’s future.
Can she fulfill her duties? another warrior, Lord Contrey, desired to know. Has she the strength to defeat the enemy?
I am little acquainted with her, replied his lord. I cannot say. However, if she is the Artan, she will possess hidden strengths.
“Come,” he finished, forsaking the subject and speaking aloud for the first time. “Stable your mounts, then go to the Council chamber. We’ve business with the Elders.”
A Simathe salute, and he left them in the courtyard, hying himself back inside the palace. His men’s questions were fair, for identical inquiries had weighed heavily on his own mind throughout last night’s long watches. Thoughts of the Artan, and thoughts of the role legend and prophecy spoke of her playing in a final battle for this land’s future. Nay, its very survival.
The young woman he had seen last night lacked the wise face of Moonkind Rittean and the studied diplomacy of Lady Elisia, the Spinner Pronconcil. Least of all did she resemble Lady Tey, the Cortain. Last night he had seen her sobbing in the Moonkind girl’s arms after the mind attack by Jonase, vomiting after one swallow of the calming drink, and shrinking back in fright from himself. In his lifespan, he’d encountered many leaders of many stripes. This newcomer from another world hardly seemed someone who could command, could fight, could deliver, could save. Could be the Artan.
Nevertheless, his warrior’s instincts told him that beneath the clumsiness and the terror beat a heart of courage. Courage there for the using, courage that would not fail her, if only she could discover it for herself.
As he considered this, the Simathe lord thought not for the first time of how different from Aerisia’s women she was, this maiden from Earth. Hair like hers he had never seen before. Shining brown, the color of wood, it tumbled down her back to the level of her shoulder blades. It was soft too, like the finest of silk, as he well knew from holding it in his own hand the night before. Although red and swollen from tears, her eyes had been beautiful—really the most beautiful thing about her. And so unusual. As with her hair, he had never seen their like. They were mismatched, one the emerald green of an Aerisian’s eyes, and the other a dark brown, like the color of her hair.
The High-Chief had seen many lovely women in his lifetime and, compared to them, the girl herself was not beautiful. One could scarcely compare her to the radiance of Lady Elisia, or the statuesque beauty of Lady Tey. Still, she did stand apart because she was different. So completely different.
And her hair was very soft.
Now wasn’t the time to surrender to such reflections, he reminded himself sternly. Regardless of any positive or negative impressions, this young woman from Earth would soon be his to safeguard. Should anything befall her, the blame would be his.
As he strode through cool corridors of marble pillars and tapestried walls, the Simathe High-Chief shoved further consideration of the newcomer to someplace far distant, emptying his mind in preparation for the meeting with his peers. Picking up his pace, he headed toward the Council chamber and away from the young Artan so much the faster.
Chapter Fifteen
Decisions
 
Safe in my room, away from eerie Simathe eyes, I brushed out my tangled hair then looked about for my clothes. Someone had kindly taken it upon themselves to have them cleaned. They now waited in a neat, folded stack on a chair across from my bed.
I didn’t put them on right away, but went instead to the walnut armoire dominating one corner of the room. I opened it—and my breath jammed in my throat at the rich, colorful array of dresses, robes, skirts, tunics, and blouses crammed inside. Awestruck, I fingered the satin sleeve of a coral-colored gown, imagining wearing it to the Council meeting I’d probably attend today. This gown was far more beautiful than any formal or prom dress I’d ever had occasion to wear. In a gown like this, I would look very adult, very elegant, very Aerisian…
I dropped my hand.
No. I’m not an Aerisian, I reminded myself. Besides, today of all days, I need to wear my own clothes. I need to wear them so I can prove to Council that I’m just a simple girl from Earth, not the embodiment of some ancient Aerisian legend. I’m not the Artan. I’m just…me.
I closed the door of the armoire firmly, scooped up my own clothing, and brought it over to the bed. Slipping out of the borrowed nightdress, I dressed myself in what I’d brought from Earth. Barefoot, I went to look in the ornate silver mirror fixed to the wall beside my bed. A familiar reflection stared back: me, wearing faded boot-cut jeans, black belt, and a white T-shirt with the words “US Air Force” stamped in gold across the front, the Air Force emblem emblazoned beneath.
Definitely not Aerisian, I thought ruefully, still half wishing I could wear one of those lovely gowns…
Shoving away the idle longing, I furthered the non-Aerisian look by pulling my hair back into a ponytail with the extra ponytail holder discovered in a jean pocket. Now, that really made me look earthy. Not earthy in a sexy sort of way, but earthy in a very earthlike fashion. My clothes were entirely different from those of the Aerisian women I’d met so far, and my features doubly so. I’d yet to see anyone in this place, male or female, with coloring like mine. My hair was brown, not strawberry blonde, shimmering white, or obsidian, and my eyes were a mismatched green and brown. Not to mention, in comparison to most of the folks around here, I was pretty short. Even the smallest women topped my height by several inches.
Although these physical traits made me conspicuous anyway, my outfit ensured zero anonymity. I didn’t care. In the back of my mind, I was hoping against hope that when these people saw me looking like what I was—somebody clearly from Earth, and not their precious Artan—they’d be forced to admit their mistake and send me home.
I accepted this hope even as another part of my brain warned me it was stupid. Obviously, if these Aerisians cared about their Artan being from Earth, they wouldn’t have gone through all the trouble of bringing me here in the first place. My appearance today was unlikely to change their minds. I mean, I’d looked pretty much the same yesterday, if a bit more disheveled.
Troubled, I rubbed my forehead and sighed. Like it or not, I was probably stuck here awhile. Unless and until these people finally conceded that I had no magic or powers of any sort, they weren’t likely to relent. If only I could prove it to them! Maybe it would mean my being set free.
Set free…
Technically, I wasn’t a prisoner; not in their eyes, anyway. I felt like one, though. After all, I couldn’t even open my bedroom door from the inside. And going home? Forget about it. I’d no idea how Risean Wy’ Curlm had brought me here, much less how to get back. So where did that leave me?
Not exactly staying of my own free will, that’s for darn sure, I grumped, plopping onto the edge of the bed to pull on my socks and tennis shoes.
Chapter Sixteen
History over Breakfast
 
As if by magic, as soon I was ready to go, Rittean Wy’ Curlm appeared at my door. Hopefully, she wasn’t planning to escort me to Council. I hadn’t eaten breakfast, and really didn’t feel like facing them this early in the day, on an empty stomach and with no coffee. Especially with no coffee.
The thought of breakfast and coffee was enough to remind me that I hadn’t eaten since leaving home yesterday. My stomach rumbled loudly, protesting that fact. Rittean glanced at me sideways, a bit surprised, I think. I guess the stomachs of proper Aerisian women never growled like angry bears. She took it in good humor, though, observing with a teasing grin, “You are hungry.”
I nodded fervently.
“Come, we will see if any food is to be found.”
With a friendly wink, she started off down the hall. This morning’s mishap on the balcony receded into the past. Suddenly, the day seemed much brighter. I jogged a few steps to catch up with her.
“So what’s on the agenda for today?”
“Agenda?”
“Yeah, agenda. Oh wait, I guess you all don’t use that word here in Aerisia, huh?”
This made her laugh. “Aye, my lady. Your patterns of speech are certainly foreign. Now, tell me, what is this agenda?”
“Let me see…” I screwed up my face, concentrating. “An agenda is the schedule for the day, I guess you’d say. What’s going on. What’s going to happen. What’s planned out, and what we’re going to be doing.”
“Ah, I see. This agenda denotes the day’s plans, in other words.”
“You got it!” I offered her a thumbs up. “So what are they?”
She cocked her head. “It is not for me to dictate how you spend your days. Nor anyone else. To my knowledge, the only plans thus far are that I’m to escort you to breakfast. Council gathers in two hours, and your attendance is required. Until then, I suppose you’re free to do as you please.”
“Maybe you could show me around?” I asked hopefully.
“Perhaps.”
Council, I thought sourly, matching my pace to Rittean’s, grateful for the companionable silence. Another one. What will it bring this time? A Joining? What is that anyway?
My Aerisian hosts had conveniently forgotten to explain that detail and, to tell the truth, I was sort of afraid to push the matter. Whatever it entailed, it sounded scary and I didn’t like thinking about it. I really didn’t like thinking about it now that I’d met the Simathe High-Chief and knew it had something to do with him. I guess by pushing thoughts of both it and the Simathe lord to the back of my mind, I could almost convince myself it wouldn’t happen.
A few minutes and a couple of palace levels later, we reached the kitchen, which was a very large and spacious room. The row of open windows as well as the wide door permitted cool breezes from the outside to stir the otherwise heavy air. At first, I wondered why it was so dang hot but soon spotted the huge ovens and open hearths. Whatever was cooking smelled wonderful, but despite the delicious aromas, I was already breaking out in a sweat and longed to escape outside.
“Could I just have something light?” I requested. “Maybe some bread or fruit?”
“Certainly, my lady.”
Rittean beckoned to one of the several workers scurrying about. When he came bustling over, my Moonkind friend informed him of what I wanted. I was pretty weirded out by the awestruck way he stared at me. However, upon comparing my appearance to that of everyone else around here, I decided I must seem a little strange. Not to mention, I’m sure he, along with everyone else, knew I was the supposed Artan. Heck, the servants were probably better informed of the whole situation than I was.
I accepted the food he brought with a smile and a simple, “Thanks.” The near worship springing to his green eyes at this small show of courtesy made me feel even more warm and uncomfortable. Desperate for an excuse to leave, I said, “It’s hot in here. Can we eat outside?”
Rittean smiled sympathetically. “As you wish.”
With that, she led me out into the sunlight through a swinging half door. We sat under the leafy branches of a tall tree whose height exceeded the palace’s outer wall. Both its sun-speckled shade and the cool grass beneath were a welcome respite after the stifling kitchen, and I was glad to relax against the tree’s rough, brittle bark and begin my breakfast of buttery, toasted bread and fresh fruit. Even the water was tasty, it was so clean and cold. It almost made up for the lack of coffee. Almost…
As I ate my fill, Rittean and I sat side by side with our shoulders lightly touching, neither of us saying much of anything. The peace of the day was broken only by the sound of the wind sighing through the tree branches above. It toyed impishly with Rittean’s moonbeam hair, which fell freely to her waist. She didn’t seem to care, even when the wind whipped strands of it into her face.
The unexpected clinking of metal and the tread of heavy boots brought my head up in time to see a group of Simathe warriors, bristling with weapons, striding past in loose formation. They said nothing to us and didn’t acknowledge our presence by so much as a glance. We watched spellbound until they disappeared around the corner of an outbuilding. My appetite vanished. I dropped the remaining crust of bread onto the napkin covering my lap.
“Simathe,” I stated shortly, turning to Rittean.
“Yes.”
“What’re they doing here?”
“I…am not certain.”
Her obvious hesitation told me she really did know. I chose not to press the point, however, voicing instead some questions that’d been lying heavily on my mind.
“Rittean, please tell me. What is a Joining? And who, exactly, are the Simathe? Why do I get the feeling they’re not really…accepted around here? I mean, yeah they’re accepted, but it seems to me that people are a little freaked out by them.”
She wrinkled her nose. “Freaked out?”
I rolled my eyes contritely. “Sorry. That basically means scared of them, I guess. You know, people think they’re strange or something. Different. Weird.”
“Strange. Different. Weird…” she mumbled.
“Yeah. It’s like nobody really wants to talk about them. Whenever I mentioned this yesterday, the subject was either changed or completely ignored. Even in the state I was in last night, it was pretty obvious nobody was exactly pressing close to that Ilgard guy.”
As I said this, I was remembering the pupil-less black eyes and stony expression of the warrior I’d encountered last night and couldn’t repress a shudder. Although I usually tried not to judge by appearances, I couldn’t honestly say I blamed these Aerisians for mistrusting the Simathe. There was definitely something about them that didn’t invite closeness of any sort.
“Yes,” Rittean replied hesitantly, stretching out the one-syllable word. “They are indeed strange to us. The peoples of Aerisia and the Simathe race have coexisted for ages, yet they are so unlike us…”
I waited to see if she would add anything else. She didn’t, just kept staring off into the distance. After a moment I reached out, touching her softly on the shoulder.
“Rittean?”
She started, her head swinging around.
“Forgive me, my lady. I am unsure how to relate this so you will understand. Above all you’ve witnessed in our land, you will surely find this the most difficult to believe.”
I raised my eyebrows skeptically. “Oh, c’mon now. I doubt you could tell me much of anything at this point that’d shock me too much. Why don’t you give it a try? Lay it on me—give me some history over breakfast.”
She didn’t even smile. Her shoulders slumped resignedly. “As you wish, but I had rather Lady Elisia were here to tell you instead.”
She paused, collecting her thoughts.
“Longer than legend can recall, stories have been whispered concerning a race of men who were immortal. It was not only that they did not die…” Her voice dropped to a whisper, “…but that they could not be killed.”
A chill slithered down my backbone, and goosebumps raised on my arms. People that didn’t die? And couldn’t be killed?
Freaky…
“For many years,” Rittean went on, “no one knew if such a race existed or not. Rumors abounded of strange infants: children born with eyes blacker than death and hair to match. Babies who neither wept, nor fussed, nor acted as other younglings. A few days after the birth, a stranger would arrive at the door of its home, offering to take the child.”
“Wait a minute,” I burst in. “You mean someone just showed up on their parents’ doorstep, offering to take their kid off their hands? That’s awful! Please tell me they didn’t go for that.”
She just stared at me, making no denials. I felt sick.
“They did, didn’t they? They gave up their own children?”
She winced. “You noted my reluctance to tell you this story, my lady. I knew it would be difficult, if not impossible, for you to comprehend. Perhaps I ought to summon Lady Elisia. She could—”
“No,” I objected, shaking my head. “No, it’s okay. Really. Please, I just—I need to know what I’m getting into with this Joining and all. Go ahead and finish, Rittean. Please.”
I thought she’d refuse. But, acquiescing with a sigh, she said, “Very well, I shall continue.
“As I said previously, a stranger would come, asking for the babe. The mother, afraid of not only the visitor but also her unusual child, and ashamed to have borne a child so different from herself and her husband, generally complied. With the infant gone, all would be forgotten. It was as if she’d never given birth.
“So the rumors flew. Some folk swore they knew women to have birthed strange, noiseless children and the infants to have disappeared soon afterward. Others told of seeing strange men on the mountains or stalking though the great forests, their hair and eyes an unnatural, midnight black. Yet others claimed to have been helped by one of these fellows when they’d lost their way or found themselves in some sort of danger.
“The truth was finally known when the adopted son of Lady Laytrii and Lord Ranetron was taken from the palace by an enemy of the High-Chieftess.”
“Taken?” I interrupted. “As in, kidnapped?”
Her brows knit in a frown. “Kidnapped? I know not this word.”
“It’s when somebody takes you from your family, friends, and home against your will. Usually for revenge or ransom, or some other underhanded purpose. Although that’s not always the case,” I added, thinking the word kidnapped applied pretty well in my own situation.
“Ah, I understand now. Steals you away—kidnaps. Yes, the child was kidnapped. Taken. For many days and nights, guards and soldiers searched. Even the Moonkind with their magic could not find him. All seemed hopeless, until one stormy night when the High-Chieftess and her husband sat with their advisors. The palace doors opened with a crash, admitting a dark, imposing figure. The rainwater had matted his ebony hair and streamed in rivulets off his head and clothing. Lord Ranetron and his fellow warriors drew their swords, but the stranger only pulled back his cloak, revealing the lost child sleeping peacefully in his arms. Great was the joy of that household, I can tell you! Following a happy reunion, the stranger broke his fast, then told his tale.
“His race, he said, was called Simathe. He spoke of a colony of such warriors, living well apart from others. Although they’d existed for ages, they were few in number and their existence not widely known. In recent years, however, with more Simathe being born, their strength was growing. The words spoken over the first Simathe so many years ago were being fulfilled.”
“What’s that mean? What words?”
“This, too the stranger explained,” Rittean replied. “According to him, their forebear was the child of a wealthy couple who were long barren. Only by the aid of a Scraggen—or witch-woman—was this child finally conceived. Now, when a Scraggen helps you,” she clarified in an aside, “you must expect a price will be paid. The price of this Scraggen was the couple’s child, whom she desired as a protector, a bodyguard for herself. When she promised the couple they’d have more children in the future, well—they complied with her demands.
“According to the Simathe telling this tale, she took the child and poured all of her strength into making him the perfect soldier—the ultimate warrior. A Simathe, it is reputed, can go without food or water for weeks. He can fight for days without tiring. To his eyes, the dark is as light as day. Far longer than any other man can he run, and walk countless days without rest. He is tireless, sleeping little. No man is his equal on the battlefield. Yet the most astounding attribute of the Simathe warrior is…he cannot die. He cannot be killed.”
I felt my pulse racing, my mind whirling. This story—the entire idea of the Simathe, really—was unbelievable. Could it possibly be true?
I wasn’t aware I’d voiced that thought aloud until Rittean responded, “Aye, it is true. With my own eyes, I’ve beheld this first Simathe. I have spoken with him. The Simathe simply do not die. Nor do they grow old. They live forever, ageless and eternal.”
“Do they…do they want to be immortal? Do they want to die?” I faltered.
“That, I cannot say. Simathe are legendary for exhibiting neither passion nor sentiment, and for speaking as little as possible. Many wonder if they experience the emotions and feelings common to humanity. Many,” she pursed her lips, “many wonder if they are human at all.”
Suddenly uncomfortable, I lowered my head. If I were honest, I’d have to admit to wondering the exact same thing. Last night, the pitch-black eyes of the Simathe High-Chief had held no feeling or even life. They just looked, stared, as if they saw right past any exterior defenses and straight into my innermost being. The effect was disturbing, to say the least. Which made me ask my next question, something that’d been pressing on my mind during her story.
“Rittean, if the Simathe served the Scraggen, and the Scraggen are witch-women, does that mean the Simathe are evil? And if they are, why is Council so dead-set that I have one for a bodyguard? How do you know they can be trusted?”
My new friend looked decidedly uncomfortable. “I would not say the Scraggen are truly evil,” she hedged, “although some are and some border on it. Nor do I know to what extent the Scraggen and the Simathe are still connected, only that the first Simathe served the Scraggen who created him. Whether they still serve the Scraggen, I cannot say.”
“So you don’t know that they do, but you don’t know that they don’t?”
She winced at the pointed barb. “The Simathe keep their affairs to themselves. They alone are aware of their comings and goings. What they do or don’t do…that is for them to know.”
“But you’re willing to trust my safety, as the supposed Artan, to a group of guys nobody keeps tabs on, nobody trusts, and nobody really knows too much about? Is that even smart?”
A hint of the anger I was betraying snapped in the Moonkind’s tropical-water eyes. “This was not my decision, but my father’s. And Council’s. If my father deems Lord Ilgard worthy of protecting you, then he must be. My father is never wrong.”
There was so much I could’ve said. I barely knew her father, except as my kidnapper, and that didn’t make me too inclined to trust his judgment. I wanted to ask, “Don’t I have a say in all this?” But since I already knew the answer, I said instead, “I wish I had your faith.”
As quickly as it’d come, the anger dissipated and Rittean was herself once more. “You will,” she reassured with a smile. “In time, you will.”
I wished I shared her certainty.
Chapter Seventeen
Frustration
 
After giving me space to process the latest twist in our conversation, Rittean asked gently, “Shall I continue my tale?”
“Why not?” I sighed. “We’ve gotten this far, so you might as well finish. No point stopping here.”
Pulling my legs to my chest, I draped my arms around them, resting my chin on my knees, settling in for the long haul.
“Very well. As I have mentioned before, the Scraggen used the last of her magic on the child she took, fashioning him into the perfect warrior.”
“Why didn’t she just use her magic to make herself immortal?” I interrupted. “If she had that kind of power, why waste it on someone else?”
“You ask difficult questions,” my friend said with an exasperated laugh. “And I cannot give you the answer, for I know little of Scraggen magic. All I know is, when dealing with magic, it is often easier to change another than to change yourself.”
“Okay then…” I shrugged, accepting that at face value, and she went on.
“Perhaps knowing that, after she passed, her Simathe’s life would be one of hardship and loneliness, that he would be shunned by his fellow Aerisians and doomed to spend eternity friendless and alone, the Scraggen performed one final feat. She Joined with him. This partially restored her strength, and she used the last of it to somehow ensure other Simathe children would be born—not of Simathe parentage, you understand, but of normal, Aerisian folk. She would not give them the ability to recreate themselves as other humans do, for she said the world could not abide so much power. Therefore she decreed the number of these men unknown to all save themselves, but that it would never exceed five hundred. These are the words I mentioned before.”
“How many do you think there are now?”
“The Light knows,” my friend replied. “Simathe are most secretive. However, I do know that never have more than a century been counted at once.”
“And what happened to the Scraggen?” I asked softly, chin still resting on my knees.
“She died. His strength, temporarily imparted to her during the Joining, was exhausted. Creating the Simathe race drained the source of her power. Once she was gone, the Simathe buried her and went into the mountains.”
“So do they have a hideout up there or something?” I asked, straightening. “And it’s from there they come get the Simathe children, ’cause they know they’d be shunned otherwise by their fellow Aerisians?”
“Their stronghold is called Treygon,” she confirmed, “and little is known about it. As for the rest, I would imagine that, yes, it is somewhat as you have said. The Simathe who told his tale to the High-Chieftess left out many details.”
“And where did they get the name Simathe?” I wanted to know next. “Was it the name of the first one?”
“Oh no. The name comes from an ancient tongue, long since fallen from common use. It means immortal one, or, one who cannot die.”
“Hmmm…Okay, so I’ve got another question. How did the Simathe that brought the boy back find and rescue him?”
“Oh, the Simathe maintain their own information networks, you can be certain of that. And when they set themselves to a task, they do not fail. Without a doubt, the boy’s rescue was but a matter of time once the Simathe stepped in. Whatever the case, it earned them the undying loyalty of the High-Chieftess and a seat at Council as the fourth Pronconcil.”
“Maybe they set the whole thing up,” I stated bluntly. “Maybe that was their plan all along, to get a foot in the door here at Laytrii. Anybody ever think of that? I mean, they’re so hush-hush about everything: what if they’ve got a top-secret plan to one day take over and rule Aerisia, once their numbers get as high as they’re going to go? They’ve got a pretty sweet setup already. Who could stop them?”
This remark earned me a reproachful look. “While I do not understand all of your phraseology, I can tell you are again voicing your mistrust of the Simathe, as well as Council’s leadership. Why can you not accept the fact that both have your best interests at heart?”
“My best interests at heart?” I sputtered. “I was kidnapped and brought here against my will!”
“You are the Artan…”
“Don’t give me that crap!” I retorted, slicing my hand through the air as if cutting the argument away. “I’m the Artan, fine. Which means I ought to be protected from people like the Simathe with hidden agendas, instead of turned over to them wholesale. In my opinion, these guys look and act like the sort who’ll turn on anyone at any time because they can. And I’m supposed to just trust them, trust Council, and go with the flow? This is insane.”
I wanted so badly to leave this mess and go home. The more I heard, the more I thought everything over, the more stifled I felt. Not to mention scared. Needless to say, going home wasn’t an option at the moment. But, if only for a little while, I needed to be alone. I had to think about all this—Rittean’s crazy story, the fact that immortality was real, and that the Simathe I’d seen last night might be, what, hundreds of years old? Thousands?
This is too bizarre.
All of a sudden, I couldn’t take it any longer. If I didn’t get out of there soon, get alone where I could think, could plan, I was going to go nuts.
I stood abruptly, brushing loose blades of grass and crumbs of breakfast off my jeans. “I’m going for a walk,” I announced briskly.
“Where will you go?”
Rittean also rose. The sun captured the pure white of her hair from behind, creating a glowing crown of light. I blinked rapidly to dispel the vision.
“Just out in the fields. This has been a lot to take in, and I need some time to think. You understand. Maybe the fresh air will help clear my head. It always does at ho—” I broke off sharply.
Yes, it had at home, but then…this wasn’t home. At home, I’d never had the pressures of being a legendary heroine, or the plain ol’ weirdness Aerisia shot my way to cloud my thinking. Usually, my tired brain needed refreshing from nothing more than a college exam, my part-time job at my dad’s newspaper, or chores around the house. Any of those would be awesome right now in comparison to all this.
A wave of homesickness, not merely for home and family but for normalcy swept over me. My throat tightened, and I felt tears pricking my eyes. Never had I felt so alone.
“I’ll be back after while,” I said, and strode off before she could try and stop me.
Gnawing my inner lip to keep from crying, I stumbled across the courtyard and through an open gate. From atop the walls, Ranetron guards gazed down quizzically as I passed, but no one challenged me as I crossed the massive drawbridge over the moat, and for this I was thankful.
A few paces from the moat, I struck a narrow path winding its way deep into surrounding fields. I followed it, walking fast and lifting my head to the sky, breathing deep and forcing away tears. The sunshine was warm on my face, and a gentle wind teased my hair, cooling my skin. To stabilize my emotions, I forced away all awareness except for the beauties of the day: the golden sun and balmy breeze, the fragrance of rich soil and healthy crops, the baby-blue sky dotted with fat white clouds, and the bird soaring high above in an invisible updraft.
Pausing, I used my hand to shade my eyes as I traced the bird’s flight until it disappeared in the far distance over remote mountain peaks. A longing to be free, to have no worries or cares, to soar high above this land’s petty problems and worries filled me. I dropped my arms to my sides, clenching my fingers into fists. Heaving a deep sigh, I squeezed my eyes tightly shut, blocking out everything but memories of home.
Funny how, while caught up in the rhythms of life back there—classes at the community college, working at my dad’s office, helping out Mom around the house, helping my sister plan her wedding—I’d never stopped to appreciate the freedom I enjoyed. I used to gripe about how busy I was, but I’d taken for granted the love of my family and friends. I had known who I was and thought I had a good idea of where I was going. The things I’d taken for granted before called to me now with every beat of my heart.
Here in Aerisia, all of that had been stripped away. I was immersed in foreign surroundings where I knew no one very well. Only a couple people could be counted as friends, and I actually knew next to nothing about them. There was no way of guessing what might happen next, although apparently some pretty big responsibilities loomed before me. I was hemmed in by the hopes of strangers who believed me their hero, their savior, come to deliver them from their enemies.
Any former sense of identity was being swiftly lost. And when it came right down to it, I felt like a prisoner. Because, in many ways, I guess I was.
Frustration welled. I wanted to throw back my head and scream. However, afraid that a scream would bring unwelcome, overanxious company from the direction of the palace, I simply set off again. My jeans whisked noisily as I practically jogged along, but I took no notice. I tried to notice nothing except the cadence of my own footfalls. I just walked.
Chapter Eighteen
Moonkind and Simathe
 
She is too young, Rittean Wis’ Curlm fretted, watching her friend walk away. Lady Hannah’s dark brown hair—such an odd color—caught the sunlight as it swung about her shoulders, and in it the Moonkind could see hidden red flames. And far too innocent. How can she comprehend the dark forces swirling around us, forces threatening to engulf us all?
She was far from the sort of woman Rittean had always assumed the Artan would be. But her father maintained the times were right and all signs in place. He said this girl possessed the legendary abilities of the Artan, even if she herself did not know it yet.
Motionless, Rittean continued to watch until Lady Hannah had passed unchallenged beyond the palace walls. Perhaps it was not the wisest course, allowing her to wander so far away, but the Ranetron kept watch, and from somewhere a Simathe probably did too. Perhaps more than one. If not wishing to be seen, the dark warriors would not, and the men gathering at the palace today had been sent for the sole purpose of keeping this young woman from harm. If anyone could succeed, it would be them.
Heaving a deep sigh, the young Moonkind turned toward Laytrii’s beautiful palace. She felt lost here, as if all these events might pull her under. Rittean knew she lacked her father’s wisdom, yet she realized already that the lady Artan had formed a swift attachment to her. This was indeed a high honor but an even weightier responsibility. How could she best help this one chosen by time and fate to save them all? How could she be the friend she desired and would undoubtedly need?
Rittean did not know.
A happy thought struck, one that might help shed some light upon the problems she faced. She would go to the Living Tree, the one planted by High-Chieftess Laytrii and her husband so long ago. She would go there, and she would seek answers to her dilemma.
*   *   *
As soon as Lord Ilgard, High-Chief of the Simathe, heard the intruder’s footsteps, he knew exactly who approached. A Simathe, hearing a person’s footsteps once, would remember their sound forever. Each person’s foot beat out a rhythm uniquely their own, though few possessed the gift of hearing and remembering it.
Soundless, he melted into the shadows of overhanging branches, watching the Moonkind girl’s approach unseen. Upon arriving, she sank to her knees on the stream bank, closed her eyes and breathed deeply.
So, the Moonkind had come seeking wisdom. It was said the day High-Chieftess Laytrii followed her husband in death, the heart of the Living Tree had burst open and out of it had gushed a steam of purest water. To this day, the same stream still flowed, tumbling down several stone steps, where it formed itself into the shallow pool mysteriously appearing on the ceiling of the great Council chamber directly below. No one had ever explained this strange occurrence, but legend attributed it to the love of the man and woman who, the day they wed, had planted the Tree.
Many Aerisians believed the quest for wisdom ended here at the water’s edge. None said how, though most believed. Moonkind Rittean must be one of the believers, then, for here she was. Ilgard could hear her deep, steady breaths over the murmur of the ever-flowing water.
Whether or not this place lent itself to the discovery of wisdom, the hidden warrior did not know. Nor did he care. He’d come seeking not wisdom but the silence he knew he would find here. Few actually visited the Living Tree, for all regarded it as a highly sacred spot. He needed the aloneness, the music of the water, and the soft whispers of the leaves to quiet his spirit and fill his soul.
If his fellow Elders and Pronconcil so decreed, he would undergo Joining with the young Artan very soon. No longer would he be himself alone, but something of her would become a part of his fixed consciousness. He wanted this time to prepare himself for what was surely to come.
Regrettably, his wish for privacy was not to be granted. Moonkind Rittean may not have been able to see him, but he felt her presence strongly. To withdraw risked a chance of her hearing, noticing him. To stand in silence was, mayhap, acceptable, but of a sudden the thought formed itself that he should speak with her. When such thoughts—instinct, some might call it—came to one of his race, he didn’t ignore them. He listened, for they were never wrong.
And so the High-Chief stepped from the shadows of the great tree, emerging into the fuller light of the cool, central courtyard.
“Moonkind Rittean?”
She started at the sound of his voice, her head whipping about in search of him. “High-Chief,” she responded after a moment, “you startled me. I was unaware of your presence.”
“Aye,” he agreed simply. Kneeling beside her at the water’s edge, he dipped a hand in the icy liquid.
“Might I be of assistance?”
Aerisians, he thought, somewhat disdainfully. Endlessly polite, even when they dislike you. Even when they fear you.
He refrained from speaking those thoughts aloud. Instead, he stared at his hand as the rippling water swirled and eddied around his fingers.
“My lord?” A note of hesitancy crept into her tone.
“Aye?”
“Do you…require something?”
Drawing his hand from the stream, he dried it on his breeches before laying his wrist on one knee and laying his other arm across it. “I wished to speak with you,” he said, squinting into the shadows across the courtyard.
“Of?”
At this, Ilgard turned his head and looked her in the eye, marking how she neither flinched nor glanced away. As a race, the Moonkind were not as openly mistrustful of the Simathe. Many said the heart of a Moonkind was too pure to think evil of any save those who truly deserved it. At any rate, they had long ago formed a tenuous friendship of sorts with the silent warriors.
This particular lass, being quite young, hadn’t yet developed herself to the point of her father and others among the older Moonkind who almost, almost allowed themselves to like the Simathe. She did not fully trust him—perhaps didn’t know what to make of him, but she was too kind to leave with a hasty excuse. Too goodhearted to let her eyes flit every which way rather than meet his.
He felt a measure of respect.
“The Artan,” he finally said in answer to her question.
The girl’s ivory brow furrowed in perplexity. “The Artan?”
“You are friend to her, are you not?”
“I…suppose so, aye.”
Abruptly he stood, folding his arms across his chest.
“Let’s be forthright, you and I,” he said. “We both know the cause of my summoning. Were it a matter of simple protection for the lady, my warriors could manage it well.”
“True,” she agreed, picking herself up off the ground. “They call not the High-Chief of the Simathe lightly.”
“We are not fools, are we?”
Rittean felt herself flinch. Immediately she was struck with shame, but the reaction had been unintended. From childhood, she’d been taught by her father that the Simathe were allies who ought to be trusted rather than feared. In her mind she believed this, but when face to face with their very High-Chief, the strongest and best of them all, she could not prevent her heart from beating faster. She clenched her fists to control these emotions even as she lifted her chin, facing him with a boldness she did not feel.
“Nay, my lord, we are not fools. We both know the necessity for the Simathe High-Chief’s summoning. You will undergo Joining with the Artan, for she requires the highest protection possible. Protection of a sort only your ki—”
Rittean stopped short, feeling her face warm as she realized what she’d been about to say.
If offended, he did not show it, but gestured instead for her to carry on. “Continue, please. You were saying? Regarding the Simathe—my kind?”
Rittean peeked up timidly through snowy lashes. “Forgive me, my lord. I meant no offense. Truly I did not.”
“Think naught of it,” he said with a dismissive wave of the hand. “We are both well aware our fellow Aerisians neither understand nor trust the Simathe. To them we are a kind, something a little less than human.”
Helpless to do otherwise, Rittean chose to ignore that statement. She had apologized; best to let the incident pass with no feeble attempts to deny his accusations. Which were, sadly, true. Instead, she addressed the issue he had raised in the first place.
“Why do you wish to speak of the Artan, my lord?”
Not a muscle in his face so much as twitched. His eerie eyes bored straight into hers.
“Is she the Artan? Do you believe?”
“My father believes.”
“I did not ask about your father. Doubtless he believes, else this stranger would not be here and I would not have been summoned.”
“I think, I hope…” Rittean faltered, unable to escape the straightforward question, “that this young woman is indeed who my father claims. The attack, last night—” Here she paused, and the warrior could see her nibbling her lower lip.
“Aye…the attack?” he prompted.
“It is only that, The Evil must believe she is the Artan, else why would they have wasted their time in seeking her out this soon?
“May I be honest with you, High-Chief?” she went on boldly.
Something distressed her, Ilgard saw. He nodded in agreement.
“I—I find myself concerned. The attack last night…it was too soon. It frightens me to think the Dark Powers have discovered her arrival so quickly. I cannot help wondering if—” She broke off, the sentence left dangling.
“One of The Evil walks among us, disguised as friend?”
“Yes!” The word rushed out. “And, if so, what can we do? How can we know?”
She stepped forward, and to his surprise (though it didn’t show on his face), grasped his arm with both hands, lifting her face to his.
“Lord Ilgard,” she beseeched, “I know the Simathe never Join unless it be of the utmost necessity. I realize this maid is young and untried, and that she will neither trust nor favor you for a long while, if ever. But the voices of my people speak to me in the hours of the night, when the soft rays of moonlight spill across my floor. They say this is she, she who will deliver us. I believe—I believe it. I believe my father, too. This must be her. Although you’ve been marked for a distasteful task, we are in desperate straits. You must Join with her as soon as possible, for her life may depend upon it. You know the Dark Powers—they’ll stop at nothing to destroy her!”
As he studied her face, delving deeply into her eyes, the Simathe saw clearly that Moonkind Rittean, despite her earlier hesitation, fully believed this stranger was the prophesied Artan. Moreover, she loved her already as a friend.
He was not unmoved by her passion. The Simathe were, above all else, a band of brothers, bound together in ways ordinary humans could never understand. Because of this, there was nothing a Simathe respected more in a non-Simathe than true friendship.
Not unkindly, he removed the Moonkind’s fingers from his arm. Retaining her left hand, he raised it to his lips, brushing a gentle kiss across the back of her knuckles.
“Moonkind Rittean, rest assured if one of The Evil does walk among us, he will be found out and dealt with. The betrayer shall not go unpunished. Furthermore, fear not for the lady’s safety. When Council degrees, I am ready to commit myself to her protection, whether she desire it or nay.”
Releasing her hand, he stood tall. “When the time is right, I will Join with her. Be at peace…no harm shall befall your friend.”
He nodded once in farewell, turned, and left the enclosed courtyard on perfectly silent feet. Alone with only her thoughts for company, Rittean observed his departure, thinking hard. If she cared to admit it, the Moonkind realized she was honored. A Simathe rarely spoke, and when he did it was with a marked scarcity of words. Such a long speech for the purpose of reassuring her meant the High-Chief must have seen something in her that he favored. The kiss to her hand was a sign of deepest respect.
Some of the fear plaguing her had left. With the Simathe searching, no one serving the Dark Powers could remain undiscovered for long. With the Simathe guarding the Artan, any further attempts by The Evil to harm her would end in disaster—for The Evil. And since the Simathe High-Chief had given his word to Join with her, what need had she for further fear?
Reassured, Rittean walked slowly from Laytrii’s courtyard. She would find her father and tell him all that had transpired this day. She would tell him the High-Chief was willing to Join with the Artan.
Perhaps she’d not found the legendary wisdom she sought, unless one considered the High-Chief’s being present as the Tree’s way of providing answers. But as she considered it, Rittean realized that, during the course of her conversation with the Simathe, she had indeed solved the quandary of how best to be the Artan’s friend…and that solution was the High-Chief. She had confided in him her fears, and he had pledged himself to the Artan’s defense. By rising beyond herself and above her reservations, by speaking to him so frankly, she’d been true to her friend. By speaking to her father, requesting he press Council to set the Joining sooner rather than later, she was doing all she could to ensure the Artan’s well-being and safety.
Upon further reflection, the young Moonkind decided she had most certainly discovered both wisdom and the resolution of her problems here at the Living Tree. Even if it was not in the conventional way.
Rittean smiled to herself as she walked.
Chapter Nineteen
Drocnords
 
The sun was getting uncomfortably warm on my shoulders. Beads of sweat dotted my forehead, and a couple of flies buzzed in circles around my head. I waved first one hand then the other in a vain attempt to drive them off. By now, the palace was well out of sight, and I was surrounded by crops taller than my head. I was alone, really alone, for the first time since coming to Aerisia, with no daunting bodyguards outside my door or demanding Council members to plague me.
By this point, my head of steam had somewhat dissipated. I stopped walking, using the back of my hand to wipe the perspiration off my face. Squinting, I looked up at the sun, trying to gauge the time. It really gave me no clue.
Releasing a heavy sigh, I sank onto the grass bordering the path I’d been following. Closing my eyes, I pictured home: my slender, brunette mother setting the table for supper. The evening sun, streaming in through the dining room’s bay windows, would catch the diamonds on her wedding band, forming miniature rainbows that danced on the wall. My strawberry-blonde father, getting greasy during a repair job on the car, and my brother and sisters loafing around, eating popcorn while watching TV.
Tears clogged my throat, but I wouldn’t permit myself that luxury. Instead, wrapping my arms around my knees, I rocked back and forth, back and forth, back and forth…
I don’t know how long I sat there before the faint clomping of horse hooves reached my ears. I stopped rocking, but didn’t raise my head. Let them come, whoever they were. Friend or foe: at the moment I couldn’t have cared less. In this strange place, even the people claiming to be my friends sometimes seemed more like enemies.
The hoofbeats grew louder as the rider approached, pulling up alongside me. I heard the rider swing to the ground. A heavy hand settled on my shoulder.
“My lady?”
My head jerked up wildly and I jumped to my feet, shaking off the hand. It was Lord Ilgard, the Simathe High-Chief whom I’d met last night. He towered over me, the top of my head not quite reaching the level of his shoulder.
Wary, I edged backward, snapping, “What?”
I thought a tiny smile tugged at his mouth, but it vanished so quickly I figured I must’ve imagined it.
“Council has assembled. They call for you.”
Folding my arms, I rolled my eyes toward the sky. I did not want to attend their stupid meeting, and I didn’t care if they’d called for me or not. Doubtless, they were going to keep trying to persuade me I was the Artan, and I just didn’t want to hear that crap. Not today.
Besides, hadn’t something been said about Council declaring a Joining today? A Joining with this Simathe facing me, so tall and silent and imposing? I still didn’t know what a Joining was, as I’d left before Rittean had gotten to that part of the story. My fault. Should have stuck around and heard her out.
Stupid, Hannah, stupid.
But, all things being considered, and being vaguely afraid if I told my companion I didn’t want to go that he’d make me go anyway, I decided to acquiesce. Lowering my head, I looked him straight in the eye.
“Might as well get it over with. Let’s go,” I said shortly.
“As you wish.”
He grasped the bridle of his horse, pulling the animal’s head about until the beast was standing directly in front of me.
My word.
This was a big horse. Not like the streamlined purebreds my neighbor raised, but really big. The same sort of black beast the High-Chief’s warriors had been riding this morning. Its coat gleamed as pitch-black as its master’s eyes. No way was I, an inexperienced rider, going to ride such an animal.
“You really expect me to get up on this—this mountain of a horse?” I asked incredulously.
“Aye, my lady.”
“Sorry, but I don’t think I can do that,” I said, backing away from them both.
“He’ll not harm you.”
“No, he may not mean to, but if I do something clumsy and—and fall off, I’d be sure to end up with a concussion and…die or something. Sorry, not happening.”
“Aye, it is.”
No altering of those hard, blank features. It was a very weird feeling to get into an argument with someone who never changed facial expressions, but—whatever. I refused to ride his horse, and I reiterated as much to him.
He didn’t say anything in reply. Just a simple command, “Catal,” to the horse, and he dropped its reins. The animal went stock-still, apparently oblivious to the battle of wills being waged between its master and myself.
The Simathe was coming toward me now, matching my retreat step for step. His eyes never left mine, but they flashed me no warning before his hands suddenly snaked out, grabbing me around the waist. In one fluid, easy motion, he had tossed me high onto the saddle, where I landed hard, one leg barely hooked over the animal’s side.
“Jerk!” I cried out, half in anger, half in fright, struggling to pull myself upright in the saddle. Gripping the short pommel in both hands, I glared daggers down at the warrior, who was completely undisturbed by my wrath.
“Thanks for the help. Don’t think I could have managed it on my own,” I said icily.
For the first time since I’d known him, the man actually smiled a recognizable, if fleeting, smile.
“Anything to aid my lady.”
“Yeah, I’ll just bet,” I muttered sourly, turning away.
He made no answer to that, either not having heard or not caring. Instead, he grasped the horse’s bridle in one hand and took off walking, leading us back to the palace. Glaring at his back, I decided right then and there that he was the rudest person I’d ever met.
However, even as I made that decision, memories of him holding back my hair while I vomited and gently washing my face afterward tried to intrude. Annoyed, I pushed them staunchly away and, focusing on the surrounding scenery, did my best to ignore the man in front of me.
Anyway, from the back of this tall animal I had a much better vantage point from which to check out the area. Now I could actually see over the plants on either side of the path rather than peering in vain through rows of tangled leaves. My gaze flitted back and forth from plants to sky to the mountains in the distance, to…a very broad pair of shoulders.
My goodness…
During all the recent turmoil, I guess I hadn’t noticed just how broad and rounded with muscle those shoulders were. Neither, it seemed, had I noticed the small gold hoop in one ear, winking lazily in the sunlight, or the long, black hair hanging to the man’s shoulder blades, the sides pulled back from his face and tied with a leather thong. It would seem I’d failed to notice a lot of things about the Simathe accompanying me. Nevertheless, as soon as I realized the of direction my thoughts, I immediately cursed myself for being such an idiot and forced my gaze to different…scenery.
For several minutes, we traveled in silence. My feet were not even close to reaching the stirrups. I had to grip the horse’s sides with my thighs and knees, which soon tired and began to ache. I tried to avoid looking at the ground, since from up there it seemed so far away.
Without warning, my guide suddenly stilled. His horse also jolted to an abrupt halt, sending me tilting.
“What in—”
He severed my exclamation with an upraised hand and a hiss for silence.
Okay…
I shut up but rose in the saddle to look around. Didn’t see anything. I listened hard. Still nothing. Ahead of me, the High-Chief’s head was slightly cocked as he too listened. Abruptly, his chin jerked up and he whirled to face me.
“Drocnords.”
It was not a shout, not a warning, just a simple statement of fact.
“Drocnords?” I echoed, confused.
He didn’t go into any explanations. Approaching the horse’s side, he placed one boot in the stirrup and swung up behind me, crushing my hips against the saddle horn. Cramped for space, I was going to complain, but changed my mind when an arm of steel wrapped itself around my waist, pulling me against an equally hard chest. Holding me so tightly I could hardly breathe, he took the reins from my hands, kicking the horse’s flanks with his heels.
“We must ride.”
The animal responded with a powerful leap forward, and then we were tearing down the narrow path at breakneck speed. I was jostled unmercifully, my teeth rattling together, yet I couldn’t have fallen had I wanted he held me so tight. I’d no idea what a “drocnord” was, but I was soon to find out.
First, I heard the ugly, gurgling cries, which kept getting louder and louder until five or six tiny monsters burst out of the plants on either side of the path, charging straight for us. I heard myself scream as if from a distance. Never had I seen anything so hideous, nor have I since except in my nightmares.
They were the size of a child, but with enormous heads far disproportionate to the rest of their bodies. On their backs were small quivers of arrows, and each creature grasped a child-sized bow in its long-fingered hands. Stringy hair of an odd bright yellow mixed with ashen grey fell messily about their faces, almost reaching the ground. Huge, blood-red eyes situated clumsily on either side of a large, misshapen nose stared out from those filthy wisps of hair.
The puckered grey skin of their faces and arms was covered with huge welts that oozed a thick, yellow-white pus. That same pus dripped from their noses and seeped from their eyes. Their mouths were small but displayed rows of needle-sharp teeth and a swollen, purple tongue with which they swiped at the pus secreted by their own bodies. Their arms were also disproportionately long, and they hunched over as they ran, sometimes flying along on all fours like an ape or monkey.
A frenzied cluster of them now blocked the path in front of us. “Watch out!” I shouted, but instead of trying to avoid the monsters, the Simathe lord pulled me even tighter against himself and rode right into the middle of them. I heard gurgling screams as his horse plowed into the pack, crushing some with his sharp hooves. Those not wounded by the huge stallion chased us down the trail at an amazing rate of speed. They nipped like dogs at the horse’s heels, drool running freely from their mouths. Six inches more, and they’d have the animal’s hocks; I knew one bite from those deadly maws would tear into its tendons, severely laming him.
With my neck craned awkwardly, I was watching our pursuers until I heard the fierce rustling of leaves, and a fresh horde of drocnords suddenly spilled onto the road ahead of us.
“High-Chief!” I screamed.
“Get back!” He wrenched me against his chest with a thud, holding me unbearably tight.
“What are we gonna do?” I begged, almost in tears.
There were way more this time, and they were clustered across the road in tight knots. We couldn’t possibly ride through them: they would bring the horse down, I knew it. We were almost upon them and I couldn’t see any means of escape. The drocnords chasing us threw back their heads, emitting savage howls of victory, while those awaiting us squealed, danced, licked, gurgled. Some pulled arrows from the quivers on their backs, fitted them to bowstrings and let fly.
“They’re shooting at us!” I shrieked.
The man behind me said nothing but hunched low in the saddle, pushing me down across the saddle horn. “I can’t breathe,” I tried to protest, but my face was in the horse’s mane and my voice was muffled by his hair and sweaty flesh.
“Stay down!” the Simathe ordered sharply. Not that I had any intention of getting up. Was he going to try to ride through them?
Just as we reached the frenzied band, I heard more furious movement among the foliage.
More drocnords, I groaned. Great. We’re dead.
But I was wrong. Instead of the monsters, a half-dozen Simathe suddenly burst into the midst of the pack, war hammers swinging and swords slicing. They fought with brutal ferocity, their weapons an extension of their arms. The drocnords screamed horribly as they were cut down where they stood. Those with weapons tried to fight back—but what can one do against an enemy that can’t be killed?
Lord Ilgard yanked the horse to a quick halt just before it entered the melee. The animal stopped so short it reared, and the Simathe jerked its head around viciously so that it whirled and came down facing our pursuers. Arrows whizzed through the air as the little creatures stood upright, fitting more feathered shafts to bowstrings. I heard my companion grunt as he was struck and wanted to ask if he was alright. But it was all I could do to twist my face against the horse’s neck to where I could see some of what was going on.
Again, the Simathe lord spurred his mount forward, charging the tiny drocnords. Only three remained of the original group that had jumped us, and they tried to scatter. They didn’t make it far. The animal under us lashed out in perfect fury, striking with deadly, iron hooves. How he managed to move so agilely with us both on his back, I don’t know; however, I’d already guessed this was no ordinary animal. He’d undoubtedly been trained for combat, even against miniature foes like these.
Guided by his rider, the black beast turned impossibly fast from side to side, smashing with his hooves, even butting with his head—and with the help of the black-haired warrior who came rushing up, the three drocnords were soon lying dead on the ground. Our skirmish won, we turned and saw that the main battle still raged, even though the enemy were falling at a rapid rate to the weapons of the Simathe. I felt victory was certain…till I heard more babbling cries, and yet another host of drocnords burst from the swaying plants.
“No,” I heard myself moan, my mouth pressed to the horse’s mane. Would this nightmare never end?
The Simathe stationed beside our mount looked up at us. “My lord, take the Artan to the palace. We will finish here.”
“Aye,” the High-Chief agreed with a curt nod.
I figured if it wasn’t for his pledge to protect me, he would surely have stayed and fought alongside his men. Instead, “Clear a path!” he called loudly enough to be heard above the battle strife.
His warriors didn’t pause their cruel work. While the man beside us jogged forward to join his comrades, Lord Ilgard put heels to the horse’s sides. Even as we leapt forward, a lane of sorts opened through the cluster of fighting drocnords. The Simathe were pushing them apart, holding them at bay with swinging swords and striking hammers.
We galloped through. More drocnords must’ve been trampled. I heard the gruesome shrieks of creatures in pain, but didn’t look back to see as we rode hard for the palace. The sounds of the fight quickly receded, replaced by the pounding of our mount’s heavy hooves. Four Simathe on horseback waited at a bend in the path. Falling in, two on each side, they kept pace the rest of the way, escorting us back to the safety of the palace. When we reached the great drawbridge spanning the moat, the men racing beside us fell back, stopping at its mouth as we thundered across.
Into the open courtyard we flew, past several small outbuildings and the vast stables, not slowing until we approached the huge double doors of the palace’s main entrance. Here we were met by a small crowd that came running toward us, led by the Ranetron High-Chief, Lord Garett.
“What has happened?” someone cried.
“My lady, you are not harmed?”
“Are you hurt?”
“Please, Light, no!”
“My lady?”
“Lady Hannah?”
Their voices swirled like a whirlpool, echoing each other in a crazy verbal dance. Into all this, the Simathe High-Chief finally pulled his horse to a stop. The poor beast was quivering, its black coat flecked with sweat. At last, the warrior rose, pulling me up as well. Immediately, I twisted to look at him.
“You were hit—the arrow. Are you alright?”
“Aye.”
A hand touched my foot. It was my Moonkind friend, Rittean. “My lady, whatever has happened? Tell me you are unharmed!” she begged, cutting off any chance of further conversation with the man who’d just saved my life.
I swallowed hard against the sudden tightness in my throat. The noise of the battle still reverberated in my brain, pulsing into a horrible headache. Tears welled, tears of relief that I was finally safe combined with tears of fright, pushed back and delayed until now.
“I-I’m okay,” I managed feebly.
The arm of steel holding me so tightly throughout the whole ordeal finally relaxed its grip, and suddenly I could breathe. Ilgard dropped the reins to a stable lad, who quickly snatched them up. While the Simathe swung lightly off his horse, Rittean released my foot, backing away as he proceeded to run both hands soothingly over the animal’s neck and face, stroking it, muttering calming words in the same odd language I’d never heard till coming here.
The people who’d rushed out to greet us still lingered about our trio, peering up at me with anxious, troubled faces. Even the Ranetron lord, Garett, looked a bit worried as he too stared up at me. I realized they were waiting for me to dismount, to stand on my own feet and prove I was really okay, like I’d said I was.
I felt stupid, dull, tired. The rush of adrenaline surging through my body when I first glimpsed the drocnords had begun to fade now that we were safe. Now I felt rather trembly myself, like the animal under me, and didn’t think I had the strength left to climb off this giant of a horse under my own power. I certainly hadn’t gotten up here single-handedly and comforted myself that I was justified in seeking help from the person who’d stuck me up here in the first place.
Weakly I called, “Lord Ilgard? Can you help me down, please?”
He ducked under the animal’s neck and came to me, extending his arms. I leaned into them, felt their reassuring strength as his fingers closed about my waist, lifting me down.
“Thank you,” I murmured as I slid past his chest.
But when my feet hit the ground, my legs gave out, and I nearly fell flat on my face. The Simathe asked no permission as he slipped one arm around my back and the other beneath my knees, lifting me into a gentle hold. I bit my lip, cursing myself for my weakness, but even more for wanting to turn my face into his shoulder and sob out the crazy mix of emotions roiling inside of me.
“She is harmed!” Rittean exclaimed worriedly.
“Nay, she is but frightened,” the man returned firmly. “High-Chief,” he went on, addressing Lord Garett, “it was drocnords.”
The concern for me instantly transformed itself into hard lines of anger on the other man’s face. “Drocnords,” he repeated angrily. Jerking his head in the direction from which we’d come, he asked, “Need I go?”
“My men are there.”
“Aye…the city, then?”
He seemed to take it for granted that no drocnords would survive, that he and his men weren’t needed to assist the Simathe.
“You’ve a garrison in the city?”
“Aye, a strong one.”
The Simathe nodded his approval. “They will not attack the city, then.”
With that, the Simathe lord left off to carry me into the palace. Torn, a part of me demanded I tell him to put me down. I didn’t need his help, but I did need to prove to those present that I wasn’t some proverbial helpless female. No woman wants to be thought of in that way. At the same time, the more sensible side of me knew it would be a lie. Without this man’s help, without his warriors’ help, I would be dead at this very moment.
That realization was enough to shake anyone—especially someone who’s never faced a life-threatening situation. The feminine side of me, the side that craved the security of a warrior’s embrace, won out. I didn’t argue his help; instead, I accepted it, going so far as to bury my fingers in the ties of his tunic.
He didn’t betray any opinion of my reaction, just strode briskly for the open doors of the palace. The crowd followed us inside, speaking softly among themselves of the Artan, The Evil, drocnords, and why they’d attacked this secure place when there’d been no similar occurrences for scores of years. I ignored them all, doing my best to settle my stomach and my nerves by telling myself repeatedly that here in the palace, in this Simathe’s arms, I was safe…and nothing could harm me.
Chapter Twenty
The Joining Explained
 
The warrior-lord carried me through the palace, down the steps leading into the Council chamber, and right up to the table where Council sat assembled and waiting. They must’ve received prior news of the attack, because I wasn’t assailed by any anxious inquiries from them. Instead, when we reached the table, the High Elder rose and beckoned to one of the people following us.
“Bring a chair.”
It was brought, and the dark-eyed warrior lowered me carefully into it. My eyes locked with his as I again offered my thanks, but despite that and my previous show of dependency, he hadn’t softened a whit. His eyes were still devoid of expression and his face equally unreadable.
“Our gratitude, Lord Ilgard, for your service to the Artan,” said the High Elder. “Council?”
The only two members not previously gathered, High-Chiefs Garett and Ilgard, moved to take their places at the Council table, leaving me in the chair at the table’s foot. The eyes of every man and woman in that vast chamber, save the Simathe’s, were fastened on me. For a long moment no one spoke; even the crowd behind us had quieted. I caught only the shuffling and shifting of nervous people from them.
It was the High Elder, still standing, who broke the silence.
“We heard tidings, my lady, of the attack. We are thankful for your safety, and grateful to the Simathe High-Chief—” he paused, nodding in that man’s general direction, “and his warriors for protecting you.
“Perhaps you wonder why The Evil have attacked so close to the palace…”
“No kidding,” I muttered dryly.
His eyebrows rose at that show of impudence, but he made no reprimands.
“Drocnords,” he explained without missing a beat, “are a part of The Evil, servants of the Dark Powers. Without being able to scry out the plans of the Dark Powers, I would guess they were somehow forewarned that you were alone and took this chance of slaying you. Being aware of a high chance of failure, due to the Ranetron and Simathe about, they appointed only drocnords, who are not overly wise, for the task. Their twisted minds will provoke them to attack even a Simathe, though they must know they’ve no chance of victory.”
“Wait—wait,” I interrupted.
Closing my eyes, I planted my elbow on the table and leaned my forehead against my palm, taking a deep breath to calm myself.
“You’re saying the Dark Powers—whoever and whatever that is—somehow knew I was alone, and even though there was only a small chance of killing me, they took it. They sent the not-overly-bright drocnords to do it, ’cause they’re the only ones dumb enough to attack with all these soldiers around?” I summarized, peering at him over my fingertips.
“Aye, my lady. That is the size of it.”
“So do you think I’m safe now? They can’t attack me here in the palace, can they?”
“I cannot foresee any bodily attacks made upon you here within the safety of Laytrii’s walls, no.”
Bodily, I mused.
I cut a glance toward the Simathe leader, but he was still staring frontward as if oblivious to it all. Slightly unnerved, I turned back to the High Elder.
“But I’ve already been…mind attacked, or whatever you’d call that, while I was inside the palace. Is there a chance of that happening again?”
“We do not know,” answered Lady Elisia, rising from her seat at table. The High Elder lowered himself back onto his bench.
“We simply don’t know what treacheries have been planned, my lady. We know only that the Dark Powers will use all of the considerable means within their grasp to destroy you.” Her eyes pleaded with mine as she added, “That is why Council feels you must Join with the Simathe High-Chief as soon as possible. Your very life may depend upon it.” She paused to let that sink in. “We beg you, my lady, to accept Lord Ilgard as your protector and Join with him. It is imperative that you do this.”
She glanced around at her fellow Council members, meeting their eyes, garnering nods of agreement before resuming her seat. Needless to say, I didn’t share in the gestures of harmony. My stomach twisted nastily. They’d yet to explain exactly what a Joining involved, but the notion of any sort of tight bond with one of those implacable Simathe was a daunting prospect.
Gathering my courage, I got to my feet, holding the table in a death grip until I was sure my legs would support me. Inhaling deeply, I lifted my gaze once more toward the Simathe. This time, he didn’t ignore me, but turned his head until his eyes met mine. I stared directly into their bottomless-pit black while I spoke.
“Look, I don’t know just what this Joining process is. You all have been talking about it ever since I arrived, but you’ve failed to explain exactly what it is. Still, from the name and the…feel…I get of it, I know I don’t want anything to do with it. Plus, I don’t see what possible difference Joining would have made in whether or not those creepy little whatever-they-were—”
“Drocnords, numbered among The Evil, creatures serving the Dark Powers,” a female Elder supplied.
“Thanks,” I countered wryly. “Okay, drocnords. Surely they would’ve attacked anyway, even if I had been Joined or whatever.”
My eyes remained locked with the Simathe lord’s, but I was oddly beginning to feel as though it were his gaze that had captured mine rather than the other way around. All was quiet, as if everyone was waiting on everyone else to speak. At last Lord Garett, the Ranetron High-Chief, rose to his feet.
“My lady?”
At the sound of his voice, the Simathe slowly blinked, and the spell was broken. I released the breath I didn’t know I’d been holding, and turned my attention to the Ranetron.
“Yes?”
“My lady, had you been Joined with the High-Chief, the Dark Powers wouldn’t have wasted even drocnords in such a foolish venture. They would have known that, where there was one Simathe with the Artan, doubtless there would have been more.
“Also, had you been Joined, the enemy would have been afforded no chance to attack. The High-Chief, sensing the danger to your person, would not have allowed you beyond palace walls.”
“Hold on a second,” I butted in. “I’m not quite sure what that’s supposed to mean, but it sounds freaky. Just how would he’ve known I was in danger?” Frustration hurried the pace of my words. “And just what is this Joining anyhow? Would somebody please explain to me that little detail?”
I was practically shouting by the time I finished. No one replied immediately, and my words hung in the air between us. The tension was so thick I could practically taste it.
“Isn’t anyone going to answer me?” I demanded in a slightly subdued tone.
Everybody exchanged guarded glances, then peered uneasily at the Simathe. He alone was completely unmoved by the turmoil and the tension. Big surprise there.
It was Risean Wy’ Curlm, the old Moonkind who’d started all of this for me, that finally took it upon himself to try and rectify the situation. He stood behind Lord Elgrend, staff in hand, looking grave and dignified as he spoke.
“My child, I know you must feel like a trapped animal, surrounded on all sides by its hunters.” His eyes were warm, and his face gentle. “Believe me, young one, that we do this for no pleasure of frightening you. We do it with regard to preserving your life and keeping you from harm.”
I caught my breath, puffing out my cheeks and releasing the air in a soft whoosh.
“Fine,” I acquiesced with a curt nod, “so you’re doing this for my benefit. All right, I can accept that—if you’ll just freaking tell me what it is you’re doing!”
“Calm yourself, my lady.”
“I am calm, I just want some answers!”
Obviously I wasn’t calm, and the old man knew it. Proceeding anyway, he said, “Joining is…how shall I say it? A sharing of minds between the Simathe and the person with whom he is united. When you are Joined to the Simathe High-Chief, he will feel nearly everything that you feel: your fears when you are in danger, worry when your heart is troubled, and happiness when events bring you joy.”
“Wait a minute,” I broke in, incredulous. “You’re saying this guy can basically read my mind?”
I couldn’t bring myself to look at the man in question.
“Read it, no. He cannot expressly know your thoughts. However, as he can sense your emotions, he may…deduce…a great deal of what you are thinking.”
I leaned across the Council table, pressing my palms flat against its glossy surface.
“That’s not all of it, is it? Surely there has to be more.”
“Oh, there is,” Risean replied levelly. “During your Joining, the High-Chief will be informed at all times of your whereabouts. He will sense threats to your well-being ere you are aware of them. Furthermore, should you ever be wounded, the imparting of his Simathe immortality will produce healing powers for your wounds.”
He didn’t seemed finished.
“And?”
Lowering his eyes, he added, “The Joining will also lengthen your lifespan beyond that of normal humanity.”
“How much longer?” I asked quietly.
“My lady, I do not know.”
“Not know? How could you possibly not know when you have everything else figured out down to a T!”
He eyed me solemnly. “Simply because this procedure has been performed so few times since the Simathe were first created. They do not often Join; why should they? They receive no benefits from it. It is only love of Aerisia and adherence to duty that causes their High-Chief”—he stressed the title to let me know how rare, how important this was, “to agree to a Joining with you. Really, all will be well. You’ve nothing to fear.”
“Nothing to fear,” I repeated snidely. “Oh, that’s rich. I’ve got nothing to fear. Well, let me tell you something, buddy! I don’t want anybody inside my head. I don’t want anybody reading my emotions, deducing my thoughts, or even knowing where I am all the time! I don’t want them constantly knowing what I’m doing, either. I don’t want it, and I won’t have it!”
I smacked the tabletop hard to make it sound final. Every eye in that room was fixed on me, and many mouths were gaping at my audacity. Before anyone could object or reply, I whirled and raced from the room, dashing up that long, steep flight of stairs, and under the high, arched doorframe.
Blinded by tears, I stumbled down corridors until luck was with me and I found an unlocked door leading to the outside. This I flew through and out into the courtyard beyond, glancing about desperately for an escape route. To my frustration, there was none to be seen. Of course. After all the excitement out in the fields, it wasn’t likely any gates had been left open.
Darn it all!
Catching sight of the massive stables, I decided to try my luck there, hoping to find a dark corner and hide. Maybe they wouldn’t find me. Maybe I could sneak out next time the gates were open. Somewhere outside these palace walls, there had to be a way home or someone who could help me get there, if only I could locate them. I searched frantically until I found the darkest corner of the immense stables, and there squeezed in between two fragrant bales of hay. Safely alone, I started to cry.
Chapter Twenty-One
Unwelcome Intruder
 
As she fled from the Council chamber, Ilgard half rose to give chase, as did Lord Garett and several others, but the Moonkind Tredsday forestalled their pursuit.
“Pray, my lords, allow my daughter to follow her. Rittean is her friend, and it may be that she can speak with the Artan when no others can.” He added, “Also, every gate to the outside is locked by now. She cannot venture beyond palace grounds.”
“Very well,” the High Elder consented for them all. “We shall do as you say. Moonkind Rittean?”
The white-haired girl nodded and left the Council chamber. By asking servants she met in the halls, Rittean soon ascertained that the Artan had indeed left the palace. Outside, another servant pointed her toward the outbuildings. She began scouring each one, starting with the smallest, calling her friend’s name but receiving no answers. Finally, most of the palace’s outlying buildings had been searched. Only the stables and one or two others remained, and since the stables were near at hand, Rittean entered them next.
She slipped inside the building’s spacious, dim interior. Walking down each aisle, she spoke quietly to the sleek, shining horses who put their heads over stall doors, observing her passage with friendly interest. Sometimes she paused briefly to stroke a velvety muzzle and check the roomy stalls for extra occupants. No stable lads were present, so Rittean listened closely for any sounds that might signify another human presence.
It was not long before she fancied she heard a muffled sob. It was so faint, she initially took it to be one of the many strange noises cats can produce. Her hand stilled on the neck of the tall roan she stroked until, listening intently, she heard it again, accompanied by the faint rustling of straw. Giving a final pat to the animal’s nose, she drifted toward the spot the sounds came from, stopping every so often to listen. Soon, she saw stacks of hay and heard more rustling. Stooping, she peered inside a couple of bales with a crack just wide enough to admit a girl.
“Lady Hannah?”
Her head lifted. Rittean saw weary eyes, red rimmed from weeping, and a face splotchy from the same.
“Rittean?”
“Aye, ’tis me. My lady…are you well?”
The face dropped back onto her knees, and she shook her head in denial.
Reaching inside, the Moonkind rested a palm on her friend’s brunette hair.
“My lady, we mean you no harm. Truly we do not. This is all for your welfare.”
No reply. Her shoulders shook; the Artan had gone back to her tears. Rittean’s soft heart melted a little more. Moving aside one of the bales, she sank to her knees beside the other girl, pulling her into her arms. Cradling the Artan’s head on her shoulder, Rittean stroked her hair, comforting her as she might have a distressed child.
“It’s just…not…fair!” her friend choked out between sobs. “E-everybody s-says they know wh-what’s best for me. I-I think I know what’s b-best for me, too! I just want to…go home.”
“I know you do,” Rittean murmured. “But, my lady,” and she lifted the other woman’s chin with a hand in order to secure her attention, “sometimes we must set aside what is easiest for us that we may do good for others. Sometimes, through our own pain, we bring the deepest joy to another person’s heart, the brightest smile to his lips. When this is so, and our own torment of duty is past, then we will understand that all we’ve suffered was indeed justified.”
“It’s not justified!” Lady Hannah snapped, jerking free of her embrace. Tears gleamed in her eyes, but her voice was angry. “You all have no right to keep me here, a prisoner against my will! You had no right to kidnap me from my home and bring me here in the first place. And you certainly have no right to force this immoral Joining on me! If I was your Artan, maybe—just maybe—it might be justified.”
Here her voice softened, as well as her pretty, mismatched eyes, as she pleaded to be understood.
“But I’m not your Artan, Rittean. I don’t have any magical, mystical abilities. I’m just a plain, ordinary person from Earth. You’ve made a mistake. Send me home, and you can start searching for your real Artan, whoever she is.”
The Moonkind sighed heavily. “You are our real Artan,” she chided gently. “Because you cannot perceive the magic inside you does not mean it’s not there. The flower cannot see the beauty it possesses or smell the perfume it wafts, but that doesn’t mean both are not there and a treasure to the one who finds them.
“Following the Joining, the powers you possess will be further explained to you. You will be helped to discover them and learn how best to utilize them. However, you must undergo Joining first.”
“I can’t!” Desperation colored in her words. “I just can’t!” she repeated. “You think I want someone inside my head, feeling my emotions, knowing what I’m thinking, knowing where I am all the time? I don’t, and I won’t. If I have any choice in the matter, I’m saying no!”
“You haven’t.”
The quiet voice cut the air like a knife. Both women gasped, turning in unison to see the intruder. He stood with his back to the window, the light streaming in behind him casting his face into shadow.
“You have no choice,” he reiterated firmly, striding toward them with careless grace.
“You,” the Artan gasped.
Rittean slipped an supportive arm about her shoulders. “I had thought, my lord, that I was given leave to seek out the Artan.”
“So he did. Yet you were gone so long, we feared you required aid.”
Lady Hannah stared up fearfully at the man, seemingly unable to tear her gaze from his tall frame. Her eyes wide, she resembled cornered prey, frozen in terror before the predator.
Witnessing her obviously terrified state, the Simathe High-Chief felt a surge of pity. Kneeling before her in the straw, he gently captured one of her hands. She blinked rapidly, the enchantment broken, and instantly tried to pull it back. He held on firmly, yet without pain, looking deep in her eyes before speaking.
“My lady, the Elders, Council, the Moonkind…all believe you are the Artan. Joining with me is for your protection. It is not to torture you, It is not to be cruel to you. It is to preserve your life.”
Fresh tears welled. “I don’t care, I don’t want to,” she murmured stubbornly, forcing the words past trembling lips.
The warrior-lord glanced at Rittean, who could only sigh and shrug helplessly.
Turning back to the young woman before him, he said, “Then I am truly sorry, my lady, for it must be done. Come.”
He drew her to her feet, Rittean rising as well. The girl strained against his grip, eyes wide and scared. “Where are you taking me?”
“To your quarters. Tomorrow we leave for the Unpassed Mountains.”
“Where’s that?”
Though she resisted with each step, he didn’t relax his grip, and she could not help matching the pace he set.
“My stronghold is there.”
“What?” The word was nearly a shriek. “Your strongho—no! I’m not going there.”
“You’ve no choice.”
She whirled to face her friend. “Rittean, help! They didn’t say anything about going off with this guy. You didn’t say I had to go to he and his buddies’ hideout!”
Rittean scurried around in front of the Simathe, who halted in the warm sunlight beyond the stable doors to accommodate her.
“Lord Ilgard, is this really necessary? My father—”
“It is necessary, Moonkind,” he cut her off. “Would you please…”
“But my lord…” His black eyes narrowed, and Rittean knew she was dangerously close to treading the thin side of his patience. Nevertheless, one glance at her friend’s terror-stricken face convinced her that she must persist.
“Please, my lord, why Treygon? Surely the Joining and your protection can both be given here.”
“The Joining must take place at Treygon,” he explained shortly. “I’ve spoken already with the Elders; we leave at dawn.”
With that he stepped around her, pulling the Artan behind him, heading briskly toward the palace, her friend protesting all the way. Rittean could only stand and watch them go.
First the Joining, now Treygon, she thought empathetically.
It would surely take all of her friend’s strength to help her endure what was to come.
Part Two
Treygon
Chapter Twenty-Two
Nighttime Escape
 
I slept little that night.
After our scene at the stables, Lord Ilgard had returned me to my room and deposited me there…locked inside. Supper was brought, but I hardly ate, despite the servant’s admonition from the Simathe High-Chief that I should eat, for I would need strength for the journey ahead. I suppose it was partly stubbornness combined with the mention of the next day’s journey: my stomach tied up in knots, and the best I could do was choke down a few mouthfuls, helped along with liberal gulps of water.
After supper, the servants went away. Left alone, I paced the floor for a long time. Finally, I flopped down on the bed without bothering to undress and tried unsuccessfully to go to sleep. Past midnight I managed to doze off, but not for long. My dreams were filled with drocnords attacking, leaping, running, licking their own ooze, shooting poison-tipped arrows. I couldn’t forget the sound of the arrow striking the High-Chief’s flesh: my brain replayed it over and over.
I awoke with a start, bolting upright in the bed. The hair at my temples was soaked with sweat, and I was wide awake. Knowing there’d be no more sleep tonight, I got up and went out onto the stone balcony overlooking the courtyard. The trees sighed a refreshing breeze, and with one hand I gathered the hair off my neck, letting the wind cool me down.
Gazing across the moonlit landscape, I couldn’t suppress a shiver. How could such a beautiful place contain so much pain? So much evil?
Evil…
At the remembrance of those hideous drocnords, I shivered again. Suddenly, I found myself wishing for a Simathe’s strong presence. Then I remembered those cool, all-black eyes, and had to rethink that wish. No, a Simathe’s presence could scarcely be called comforting.
Instead, I thought about home and wished for my dad. His was a comforting presence. I wanted to throw myself into his arms and feel them tighten around me. I wanted to bury my head in his shoulder and cry, knowing he’d stroke my hair and sympathize, just as he’d always done with whatever serious problems I’d faced.
But it was not to be. I was beginning to think I’d never see my father or the rest of my family ever again. Them or my house or my own Colorado mountains or anything else dear and familiar.
Despite these melancholy contemplations, I allowed myself a gloomy grin. Maybe this is how Rebecca of York felt when she was trapped inside the Knight Templar’s tower, I thought, recalling a scene from one of my favorite books and movies—Ivanhoe, by Sir Walter Scott. With that thought, came another.
In the story of Ivanhoe, I’d always wondered why when Rebecca was being held a prisoner of the Knights Templar, she hadn’t tried tying the bedclothes together and going out the window. I figured either she was scared of heights, or else they just didn’t do things like that back then. But we modern-day Americans did.
I rushed back into my room, hurriedly stripped the sheets and blankets off my bed, and bound them firmly together. When the final two had been cinched tight, I dashed back to the balcony, tying one end of my “rope” to the railing. Giving the fabric a swift kick, I sent it tumbling, but it fell a few feet shy of the ground.
Darn it!
I’d have to jump the last little bit. And when I hit the ground—what then? I supposed I’d just have to stick with my original plan, formulated back at the stables: hide out until I could slip free of the gates and find someone willing to help me. A Scraggen, maybe.
Okay, so it wasn’t the most foolproof plan, but it was the best I could come up with on such short notice. And it wasn’t like I had a whole lot of time to dream up anything better. After tonight, I’d be on my way to Treygon and a Joining with the Simathe High-Chief: after that, I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be getting any more chances to slip out and hide. Tonight was the night.
This is it.
I stepped gingerly over the balcony railing, grasping the sheets in a white-knuckled grip as I lowered my body into space. For one thrilling, terrifying moment, I hung suspended in midair, spinning in slow circles. Then, locking my knees firmly around my makeshift rope, I began a slow, hand-under-hand descent. Reaching the end of my rope—literally—I pressed my eyes tightly shut, drew one deep breath…and let go. The last few feet sped by in a blur, and I landed with a thud.
“Yes!” I whispered gleefully, doing a mental fist pump. “I did it! Home free.”
Or so I thought.
I took a step backward, prepared to turn and scamper off into the darkness…but smacked right into a hard chest and warm pair of arms. With a loud gasp I whirled, my heart in my throat. Was I under attack? Again?
In the dim moonlight I could make out only stone-set features and a pair of glittering, dark eyes.
“Lord Ilgard?” I questioned breathlessly.
“Nay, my lady. Norband, Chief Captain of the Simathe.”
“Chief Captain?”
“Aye.” His eyes slid up my “rope” of bedding to the balcony high overhead. “Whatever were you attempting to do?”
I licked my lips nervously and retreated another step . His hands caught my forearms, a gentle reminder that I was not free to go. I couldn’t think of a single thing to say in answer to his question.
One black eyebrow rose slightly. “An escape attempt, perchance?”
I smiled a sheepishly smile and ducked my head. No point in replying. What could I say? I couldn’t invent a believable lie. Besides, I’d never been a very good liar, anyway.
“You must return to your chamber.”
I didn’t look up.
“And you will remain there till dawn.”
I stayed quiet.
“No more escape attempts. You cannot leave by way of your door, and know this, my lady, that I myself will keep watch beneath your balcony.” When I remained obstinately mute, he squeezed my arms lightly. “Am I understood?”
“I understand,” I muttered sourly.
No more escape attempts. That was the understatement of the year. Like he said, no way could I get out my door, or even think of escaping by way of the balcony. Like it or not, I was headed for the Simathe stronghold tomorrow, and there was no way out of it.
The Chief Captain assigned another hard-faced warrior to escort me back to my room. I didn’t bother trying to give him the slip—didn’t really give the idea more than a passing thought.
Upon reaching my room, the astonished expressions of the two Ranetrons standing guard outside my door almost made my futile escape attempt seem worthwhile.
Almost…
I hid a smile.
One of them hurried to open the door for us, and my companion followed me into the bedchamber. He didn’t say a single word: simply went outside to untie and pull up my rope. Bringing it inside, he dumped the load unceremoniously onto my bed. An almost imperceptible nod, and he exited. I was once more alone.
Depressed, devoid of hope, I slunk over to the bed and sank down beside the pile of sheets and blankets. Drawing my feet up under me, I snuggled against the fresh-smelling mound. Maybe I now knew the real reason Rebecca of York had never tried an out-the-window-tie-your-sheets-together-escape. Maybe she’d had guards beneath her window, too, and knew it would be just plain stupid.
Burrowing my nose into a soft sheet, I breathed a forlorn sigh. It had been a long, wearying day. With no promise of sleep, it looked to be a long, wearying night, as well.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Preparations
 
The Simathe High-Chief forwent sleep that night, busying himself with the various tasks needful for the business of departing on the morrow. A hard-riding Simathe on his Restless could complete the journey from Laytrii’s palace to Treygon, in the Unpassed Mountains, in little over two days’ time. This time, though, the journey would not be made by immortals alone. Aerisia’s most precious treasure would be accompanying them. She could not be pushed as hard as a Simathe or even a Moonkind.
That was what old Moonkind Risean had said with a rueful smile, no doubt remembering his own hasty flight to Treygon and back. Well over two days had been required for his journey—time the young Artan had spent in a deep sleep—but he’d still found the going difficult. With this reminder, the Tredsday had attempted to gently persuade Ilgard into making the forthcoming journey easier for the lass.
The High-Chief frowned. Precious treasure she was indeed, should the magic of the Artan truly be hers. Some believed…why wasn’t he convinced? It was not that he’d no wish to be convinced, for he did. It was not that he had seen little from the girl save stubbornness and tears; he knew genuine fortitude lay behind those mismatched eyes. Still, he doubted.
Well, doubts or not, he acknowledged, weary of these endless internal debates, she is mine to protect.
He had given his word that he would Join with her upon their arriving at Treygon. He neither feared nor relished the thought, he simply accepted it as his duty, hoping both his efforts and those of his men would not be wasted. Hoping this young woman would soon prove to him that she was who Council proclaimed her to be.
Out of the darkness, he saw Norband, his Chief Captain and second-in-command, approaching. His friend’s eyes gleamed in the faint light of the sleeping stables. Ilgard could feel his amusement.
What? the High-Chief asked silently, using the shared Simathe mindspeech.
One corner of his subordinate’s mouth twitched upward as he replied in like fashion, relaying the tale of the lady Artan’s foiled escape.
At its conclusion, Ilgard laughed softly and out loud, the pleasant sound melting into the cool night air. So she had courage after all: courage of a foolhardy nature, at least. What could she possibly have thought to gain by escaping her bedchamber?
He shook his head to dispel his thoughts. It was no matter. She’d been returned to her chamber and would not escape again. Of that, he had no doubt.
Chapter Twenty-Four
Farewell to Laytrii
 
I’d finally managed to doze off again, head nestled on the pile of sheets and blankets I hadn’t bothered to untie, when they woke me at dawn. A light tap on the door and Rosean entered, followed by the beautiful Spinner, Lady Elisia. With a cheerful “Good morning,” she claimed a seat next to me on the bed.
Rosean headed straight for the armoire and began pulling out the clothes I’d wear today. The rest of my things had already been packed and readied for the journey ahead.
Shoving my hair out of my face, I lowered my feet to the floor, covering a yawn with my palm. Smiling, Elisia brushed away a few stray hairs I’d missed.
“You did not sleep well.”
“Not really,” I grimaced.
“We heard of your…actions, the night before.” She looked pointedly at the pile of bedding. “Probably not your wisest course.”
“No kidding,” I muttered dryly.
She changed the subject. “I do wish you had rested better, for you face a long and difficult journey. Scant sleep will make it harder.”
“Yeah, I’m sure.” After a pause, I added, “I wish I didn’t have to go.”
She made no reply to that—what was there to say?
Rosean approached, clothing draped over one arm. “Does my lady care to dress now?”
I sighed and got to my feet. “Why not?”
Pulling off my wrinkled, dusty clothing, I got dressed in the outfit Rosean had presented. Over a black skirt, divided for riding, went a white tunic that nearly reached my knees. It had long slits in the sides to allow for freedom of movement. The shirt was sleeveless and belted around the waist with a band of braided leather.
Sitting on the bed, I removed my socks and Nikes. In their place went long stockings and knee-high boots of brown leather. Rosean combed out my hair and braided it down the back, tying the end with a leather thong. At the washstand, I rinsed out my mouth and washed my face with cold water from a lovely, porcelain pitcher embossed with yellow roses. The frigid water helped kick-start my muzzy brain, but I found myself dreaming wistfully of a cup brimming with strong, black coffee. After drying my face and hands, I pulled on a pair of leather riding gloves and allowed Elisia to fasten a warm, midnight-blue cloak about my shoulders.
“You may need to remove this as the heat of the day strengthens,” she said, “but you will be glad of its warmth, come evening.”
I nodded, figuring she knew the weather around here better than I did.
I asked Rosean to pack the clothes I’d been wearing in a satchel and take it outside to be placed with the rest of my belongings.
“You wish to keep them? You’ve plenty of other clothing,” my Spinner friend protested mildly. Rosean stood hesitantly beside my bed, uncertain what to do.
“I know I have plenty of other clothes, but those are my clothes. I’m used to them. They’re from my home, and I want them.”
She shrugged delicately—“Very well, then,” and gestured to the servant girl to gather them up.
As a final touch to my outfit, Elisia buckled a pair of delicate silver spurs on my boots. The tiny rowels were so fine and thin they looked like shiny lace.
“Do I really need spurs?” I wanted to know.
I’d ridden a few times—mostly plodding trail rides—but had never used spurs.
She rose gracefully. “Perhaps not. But true safety lies in preparation,” she smiled. “Rosean has already departed. Shall we follow?”
*   *   *
In the courtyard, a servant scurried up to offer a simple breakfast of brown bread, fruit, and milk. I tried to turn it down, but Elisia urged me to eat and fortify myself for the long day’s ride. I did my best, although what I really could’ve used was that steaming cup of coffee. Unfortunately, I was pretty sure the folks around here didn’t know anything about that luxury.
I was brushing the breakfast crumbs from my tunic when the High Elder walked up, the other Council members following in his wake.
“We have come to tender our farewells, my lady, and to bless your journey. Do as the Simathe bid you, and you will be safe.”
A whole lot of things ran through my mind. These were the people whose fault it was I was being sent off like a animal to the slaughterhouse. I resented them having so much authority over me and thinking they were right to dictate my life. There were so many things I wanted to say, but I bit my tongue.
“Kneel,” Lord Elgrend commanded softly.
I felt my brows lift, but I obeyed nonetheless, kneeling on the hard-packed dirt. A hush fell over the gathered crowd. Everyone watched us closely, even the already mounted Simathe.
The High Elder now placed both hands on my head, as Council surrounded us in a loose circle. I stared at his sandals of rich, brown leather with fastenings of tooled silver as he began intoning over me in that odd Aerisian language. I had no idea what he was saying, but at the conclusion of his speech, there was a short stretch of silence. He lifted his hands, and I raised my head to see him turn to the female Elder on his left. She handed him a piece of jewelry that glittered in the early sunlight. At first I thought it a moonstone but quickly realized it was instead an oval-shaped, pale pink stone, so pale it was almost white. It was set in gold and dangled from a delicate, gold-rope chain.
The High Elder draped the piece over my head, where it settled with a strange weight just above my breasts. “The necklace of the Artan,” he explained with great solemnity. “This stone is a symbol of your station. While you wear it, your identity cannot be mistaken.”
Catching my hands, he drew me to my feet with surprising strength, considering his obvious age. His fingers released mine, his hands coming up to frame my face. His green eyes bored unnervingly into mine.
“I know you do not believe as yet, but you are the Artan, my lady. Open your heart and mind to the power you possess. Magic pervades all, especially you. May a swift journey, and safety, be yours.”
He leaned over to brush a gentle kiss across my forehead, and I had to make myself stand my ground. A hot pain lanced my heart—anger that he dared pretend he cared and memories of home and family the kiss evoked. Somehow, I kept tears from falling. In the faces of the Council members surrounding me, I read hope, such desperate hope that I felt my anger abating.
One by one, they lifted their palms to sky, executing the formal Aerisian salute. As they did, the High Elder chanted, “May the light of the sun warm your day and the radiance of the moon brighten your night. May your travels be swift, your mount strong, and your warriors sure. Until next we meet, may the Powers of Good protect you.”
I guess he spoke for them all. At the conclusion of this blessing, they lowered their arms and began to disperse. Now a young stable boy approached, offering to hold my horse’s bridle while I mounted. Lady Elisia, making her way through the crowd of departing Elders, approached me swiftly. A fond embrace, a whispered farewell, and she led me to my horse. I had one hand on the saddle horn in preparation to climb aboard, but a voice from behind stopped me.
“Lady Hannah?”
It was Rittean. Releasing the saddle, I turned. “Yes?”
Tears shone in her pretty, blue-green eyes. Brushing past Elisia, she gathered me in her arms, hugging me tight. When she finally stepped back, her smile was warm and glowing.
“My wishes for you echo those of the High Elder—the age-old battle blessing given by Aerisia’s people to High-Chieftess Laytrii as she went to war.” Pausing, she added softly and with all sincerity, “Be safe.”
“I’ll try.”
A tear coursed down her round cheek. “I shall miss you.”
I felt the last of my irritation slipping away. Maybe she was as misguided as the rest of these folks, but she was also the kindest person I’d ever met. At the thought of leaving her, I felt like crying myself. “I’ll miss you, too. And you, Lady Elisia.”
The lovely Spinner smiled sadly, laying a hand on my shoulder. “Mount,” she ordered. “The Simathe await.”
I forced myself to turn from them, made myself swing up into the saddle. The stable lad pointed my horse’s head toward the open courtyard gate, giving the animal a light slap on the rump to get us moving. The Simathe in front of and around me were already heeling their horses, trotting toward the road beyond. Just before I rode through that gate, however, I swiveled in the saddle for one last look at my friends. I raised my hand in farewell. They did the same. Then the gates were closing behind us, and the company of Simathe enclosed me in a solid wall of protection.
Chapter Twenty-Five
Aureeyah
 
We were barely out of sight of the palace when I began to cry. Maybe it was lack of sleep combined with no coffee. Maybe it was overwrought nerves. Maybe it was the wrong time of the month. Whatever was causing it, once I started I couldn’t stop. I covered my face with my free hand as best I could, nearly choking on strangling sobs. Misery washed over me. I was badly homesick and had just been forced to leave behind the only stability I’d found so far in this wretched place—not only leave it behind but ride away from it and into the unknown, surrounded by the hardest-looking group of men I’d ever seen in my life.
For awhile, no one said or did anything, and my crying blended in with the rhythmic clopping of the horses’ hooves. I jumped when a hand touched my arm. It was Lord Ilgard, the High-Chief. His horse walked steadily beside mine, their matched paces putting us side by side. His hand now closed firmly around my upper arm.
“Enough,” he said, quietly yet sternly.
I stared blankly into those alien eyes about two full seconds before bursting into harsher sobs than before. “I hate you!” I choked out, jerking my arm free. “I hate this place! I hate what you all are trying to make me be! I hate those twisted little monsters, and I hate your palaces with guards beneath balconies! I hate warriors, I hate having no coffee, and I hate having to get up so early. I hate everything! I wanna go hooooomme!”
The last word was a drawn-out cry of frustration. Concealing my face, I wept even harder, bent nearly double over the saddle horn in front of me.
“Halt.”
I dimly heard the firm command through my tears and was vaguely aware of the horse under me coming to a stop. Then strong hands were lifting me bodily, removing my hands from my face, and cupping themselves around my wet cheeks.
“Silence!” he shushed, lifting my face and forcing me to look at him. “You must stop this weeping.”
His voice was cutting and his alien eyes hard. There was nothing tender or comforting in his touch. Biting my lower lip and holding my breath for long seconds at a time, I struggled to quiet my sobs. At last, I managed to get myself under control, the tremors shaking my body spaced further and further apart until they ceased altogether. Finally, I raised my eyes to the High-Chief’s. He was watching me closely, the tiniest frown between his brows, no doubt trying to figure out whether this crazy female was finished crying or would start up again at any moment.
“I’m done,” I sniffled.
When he released my face, I dug into my pocket for the handkerchief Rosean had placed there. It was a welcome relief she had, for my nose was threatening to drip over. After caring for its needs, I glanced up to see all of the Simathe—including their High-Chief, whose horse still stood neck and neck with mine—were watching me with those consuming black eyes.
Never had much experience around crying women before, have you? I thought, feeling a hysterical urge to giggle. Instead, I scrubbed at my swollen eyes with my fists. My head had begun to ache, and I was afraid all that crying combined with lack of sleep might be the ingredients for a killer migraine.
“Shall we ride?” the High-Chief asked, but it was obviously an order, not a request.
“Don’t suppose you’d have anything for a headache, huh?” I asked. Or don’t you get them?
He unhooked the leather waterskin slung from his saddle horn and handed it over. Removing the top, I stared suspiciously into its murky interior. “What’s this?”
“Wine and water.”
“That’s supposed to cure a headache?”
“It may help calm you.”
I gave it a try, grimacing at the foul taste. “Here,” I said curtly, shoving it back. “’Fraid it’s no substitute for aspirin.”
He didn’t reply, just accepted the waterskin and slung it back over his pommel.
“Let us ride.”
And ride we did. We rode all that day, camping for the night beneath a grove of tall trees with purplish leaves. Next morning, we were off before daylight. I wasn’t used to camping and, not having slept well the night before, after several hours began to feel another headache coming on. Left to my own morbid musings, I brooded in near solitude. No one was feeling sorry for me except me, and I was fed up. No home, no bed, no TV, no shower, no friends…and these Simathe never spoke, either. Not a single word.
Noon came and went; we didn’t stop for lunch. I had no watch, but I’d always heard the sun was directly overhead at the noon hour. When that time came, I supposed it was around twelve o’clock. Despite my dull, throbbing headache, my stomach told me it was lunchtime. I was getting pretty hungry by this point and wanted Lord Ilgard to call a halt so we could eat. He didn’t.
I sneaked a sideways glance at him as he rode relaxed and easy in the saddle, one hand braced on his thigh, his eyes constantly seeking about, although he never changed facial expressions. It was the same posture he’d maintained all day, and I sighed. What did it take to rattle these guys? I certainly hoped we were getting close to our destination, because I couldn’t take much more of this.
A couple of hours later, we were still going. By now I was not only hungry, I was ravenously hungry. I was also thirsty, crabby, and needed to use the bathroom. Badly. I kept looking at the High-Chief…surely he’d call a halt soon! But even though he had to feel my eyes, he never bothered glancing my way.
The man was a slave driver! And I was about to revolt.
Knowing it was up to me to take some sort of action, I finally gave up on wishful thinking and pulled my horse to an abrupt stop in the middle of the road. I heard a grunt of surprise from the man behind me as his horse swerved to avoid hitting mine. Obstinate and angry, I sat there and waited until the Simathe High-Chief came to a standstill, twisting in his saddle to look at me.
Glaring, I announced loudly, “I’m hungry.”
He said nothing. Neither did his men.
“I’m hungry,” I repeated, pouting, refusing to flinch from his black, black stare. “I’m also thirsty, and I have to go the bath—um, I mean, I need to…well, I need to get some privacy.”
Following my announcement, the warrior-lord stared at me for several long seconds. Is he going to refuse? I thought, bracing myself for battle. But in the end he nodded agreement.
“There’s a clearing a mile away where we may take a brief rest.”
With that, he heeled his horse, and the whole column started off again. I did the same, feeling a surge of victory.
Score one for me! I thought smugly as we cantered on.
We’d been traveling through a thick forest for quite some time now. Beneath the trees, the air was cool and the light dimmer as it filtered through the dense canopy overhead. It was a charming place. In fact, from what I’d seen of Aerisia so far, I considered it a beautiful place. It wasn’t the land I minded, it was the company. The annoying, silent, rude, company…
As promised, after about a mile, we reached a large clearing just off the narrow trail. Purple wildflowers poked up timidly through a thick carpet of lush, green grass. When I swung off my horse, my feet sank into the verdant layer.
Lovely, I breathed.
I briefly considered taking off my boots and going barefoot through the cool grass. The idea brought a smile to my face until a stony warrior leading his tall mount walked past. I changed my mind. Better not. They already thought I was crazy. No sense adding to that impression, any more than I could help it.
I led my own horse over to the spot the others had left theirs, with another Simathe to watch over them. This man wasn’t as tall as his High-Chief or Chief Captain and seemed somehow to be younger. He accepted the animal’s reins without a word, but a fleeting smile flitted across his face. Surprised by the unexpected gesture, I grinned back in return, thinking maybe all the Simathe weren’t so bad…
The Chief Captain motioned me over, so I went to him next. He handed me food: some strips of dried meat like jerky, and bread. Thinking all sorts of uncharitable thoughts about his treachery a couple nights before, I took it.
“Thanks, but what am I supposed to drink?”
He informed me there was a stream just there through the trees. When I was done eating, I could go take care of my needs and get a drink.
“Okay,” I agreed, and went to sit in the shade by myself.
As I ate, I studied my traveling companions. They stood about in small clusters, eating placidly. Even those huddled up didn’t speak much. When they did, it was in subdued murmurs that I couldn’t catch. True to form, they all ignored me. Their leader stood by the road—keeping watch, I assumed. He hadn’t eaten, but I didn’t let myself worry about it. He was a big boy. I figured he could take care of himself.
Finishing my lunch, I slipped into the trees and walked for a bit until I heard the babble of running water. Following it, I found a crystal-clear, swiftly moving stream. Before letting myself get a drink, I went into the bushes to do my business. Afterward, I washed my hands in the stream (wishing all the while for a good bar of soap or some hand cleaner) before cupping my fingers and lifting a mouthful water to my lips. The water was cold, clean, and delicious, but I didn’t gorge on it. Common sense told me I had more long hours of riding ahead of me, and it wouldn’t be smart to drink so much I kept having to stop. I was pretty sure my Simathe escorts wouldn’t appreciate that.
While I knelt there by the water’s edge, a soft, colored glow suddenly caught my eye. I raised my head slowly…
Directly in front of me she stood, or rather floated, on the surface of the stream. A pale green glow surrounded her, shimmering like an aura. Waves of spun-gold hair cascaded to her knees, and she wore a short, dark green gown with a wispy, handkerchief hem. Emerald eyes glowed from a smile that pulled rose-pink lips toward cheeks of the same color. A wreath of purple flowers, like those gracing the clearing from which I’d come, crowned her hair. I’d never seen anything so enchanting, and I gaped at her like a person under a spell.
She broke the spell by raising a dainty hand, saying in a fluid, musical voice, “Peace be upon you, Lady Hannah. May light illuminate your path.”
My mouth shut with an audible snap, and I blinked furiously. Time moved, and the stream flowed with it. I was no longer locked in a dream. Or was I?
She stepped lightly from the surface of the brook to the green grass beside me. Kneeling, she took my hands and drew me easily to my feet. Touching my cheek with a soft forefinger, she said, “Greetings, my lady. You come to us from a far distant world, yet your destiny lies within ours. You are the Artan, and in you rests all of Aerisia’s tomorrows.”
“Uh…who are you?” I finally gathered my wits to ask. Really, I wanted to demand, “What are you?” but managed to hold my tongue.
She was still smiling blissfully. Her features were as fragile as a porcelain doll’s, her skin a sweet ivory. Delicate pink stained her cheeks and lips.
“I am Aureeyah, of the Forest Fairies. My home and realm are here, within this great forest. From it, I draw my strength and my life. In return, I care for it as I am able, shielding it from harm.
“A short while ago, I sensed a presence at my streamlet. Imagine my surprise when who should I discover but the Artan herself!”
“You know who I am?”
“But of course! We fairies have patiently awaited your arrival for lo, these many years. I am blessed above all in being the first to welcome you home.”
Welcome me home? I thought, taken aback by her odd choice of words.
She was oblivious to my confusion. “Verily, had I not been engrossed in nursing a sick poplar to health, I should have greeted you much sooner.”
She shifted a step closer, her eyes shining as if lit from within, and murmured conspiratorially, “My trees have been whispering among themselves of a stranger in their midst ever since you and your party first entered their borders. And such a stranger! Although I was steeped in my work, I didn’t fail to notice the excitement in their voices. They knew an extraordinary person rode their paths. If only I’d known how extraordinary!”
I have to admit, I was dumbfounded by all this. So much so that I didn’t know how to react when she took my hand in hers, asking very sincerely, “Can you ever forgive me?”
“I, uh…of—of course. Of course!” I stammered. “I mean, there’s nothing to forgive. Thank you for your welcome.”
“Indeed,” she returned, bowing grandly. “Welcome to Aerisia, Lady Hannah from Earth. My forest and I bid you welcome. We—”
She stopped short, turning her head in the direction I’d come from, as if she were listening for something.
More fairies? I wondered.
I looked, too, but saw and heard nothing until a second later when Ilgard suddenly emerged from the depths of the trees. His dark eyes met mine as he raked me with a quick up-and-down look: making certain, I supposed, that I hadn’t been harmed. Then his gaze swung to my companion, and I was dismissed.
If I expected him to betray even a hint of surprise when he caught sight of the fairy, I was sadly mistaken. His face revealed nothing as he moved across the grass, dropping to one knee before her. Rather than raise a palm in the common Aerisian salute, he pressed right fist to left shoulder and bowed his head, chin to chest, waiting for Aureeyah to speak.
I was all astonishment when the fairy extended her own arm, laying a hand gently upon the warrior-lord’s dark head.
“Welcome, Lord Ilgard, High-Chief of the Simathe. Ever shall you and your warriors find shelter among the domains of the fairies.”
He lifted his chin. “On behalf of myself and my men, Lady, I thank you.”
I could scarcely believe the picture of complete incongruity presented here: the slight, fragile-looking fairy resting a dainty hand on the unnaturally black head of the tall Simathe who knelt before her. She was like a perfect rosebud, the very embodiment of delicate beauty, while he was dark and hard, as if carved from the heart of his Unpassed Mountains. Yet he knelt to her in respect, and she smiled down fondly at him. No way could I have ever predicted such a crazy scene.
“Indeed, I beg you to rise,” Aureeyah now said in answer to the Simathe’s statement. He did, and she went on, saying, “You have traveled many miles thus far on your journey. Yet a few more, and you will be within reach of my vale. I shall meet your party at the Standing Elm, six miles hence.”
She turned to me. “This will be the easiest day of travel by far, my lady. Doubtless, the High-Chief would have ridden far into the night, but I’ll cut short your journey this day.” Back to the High-Chief—“You shall all abide with me, this eve.”
“As my lady wishes,” he acquiesced, shocking me. I would’ve never dreamed he’d roll over and play dead for anybody. But if I was shocked by that, I was really stunned when the next thing he said was, “Have I your leave to rejoin my men?”
My eyebrows winged upward, and I’m pretty sure my mouth fell open. Ilgard, master of the dread Simathe, asking anybody’s permission to do anything? Something was definitely strange here.
Aureeyah seemed to take it all in stride, granting assent by saying, “Of course. I shall see you later this eve.”
With that, she left him and came to me, capturing my hand between both of hers. “We shall speak later, you and I. Until then, may blessings of light rest upon you.” She squeezed my fingers lightly. “Farewell.” Then she was gone, vanished before our eyes, leaving no traces behind to indicate she’d ever been there. Even the grass under her feet wasn’t matted.
Bewildered, I whirled to face my companion. “She’s gone!”
He actually half smiled at my astonishment. “So she is. Let us depart, as well.”
I glanced, confused, from him to the place she’d been standing mere seconds ago then back to him. “But, but—”
“She is a fairy,” he explained patiently. “Fairies depart at will.”
“You mean they just…vanish?”
“Aye, vanish.”
He took hold of my upper arm, and got me moving, guiding me back into the trees. I kept glancing over my shoulder, half expecting to see a soft green glow…but nothing was there. Not paying attention to where I was walking, however, made me stumble over the uneven ground, and I pitched against the Simathe. His other hand shot out, catching my shoulder and steadying me.
“Sorry,” I mumbled, pulling back, but when he didn’t release me I peeked up timidly into his face.
He nodded toward the ground. “Watch your feet.”
I bit my lower lip. “Yes, sir.”
Satisfied, his hands fell from my shoulders, and without a word he started off, leading the way toward the rest of our group. I shivered, stood there staring at his broad shoulders for a long second, but followed.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Suspicions
 
Not a lot can be said for those remaining hours on the forest trail. For the most part they were passed in silence, with no conversation between us. The only noises were the plodding of the horses, the drone of insects, the creaking of leather saddles, the warbling of birds in the trees, and my own quiet humming.
My attempts at a little music to break the endless monotony didn’t last long, however. Only a few bars into the melody, I felt eyes upon me, and turned to find the Simathe leader regarding me with a peculiar expression on his face. Somewhere between one note and the next, I broke off. No more humming.
Anyway, having begun to observe a strange activity among my escorts, I’d already found something else to hold my attention. Every now and then I’d see some of them turn and look into each other’s faces like people carrying on a verbal exchange. They never traded words, and these stares lasted mere seconds. Still, it was pretty obvious something fishy was going on.
Once, I caught the “young” Simathe who’d held the horses during our stop exchanging this sly swap with the Chief Captain. He was riding a few paces ahead and to the right of myself, and after swapping glances with Lord Norband on my left, his gaze met mine in passing as it swung back around. He must’ve known I was watching, for a mischievous smile flitted lightning-fast across his face…and then he winked at me.
My eyebrows jumped at this actual attempt at humor, the first I’d ever witnessed from any of these guys. He quickly straightened in the saddle, his face going blank like nothing had ever happened.
I couldn’t help it. I laughed.
Beside me, the man assigned to be my personal bodyguard turned my direction with another what-sort-of-weirdo-are-you-anyway? expression.
This time, rather than cower or flinch, I lifted my chin and flashed him my brightest smile. “Nice day, isn’t it?”
He gazed at me a long moment before offering a simple, “Aye,” and then resuming his stony stance.
Whatever.
Snickering to myself, I gave my attention back to the road but couldn’t help smiling. Maybe there was a possibility of finding a friend among these guys, after all. At the very least, I now knew one of them was capable of showing signs that he was truly human. My guess was, he probably wasn’t as old and set in his ways, so to speak, as his companions—although since the Simathe were supposedly immortal, he could still be way older than me.
As for the strange pattern of wordless stares? I wasn’t sure. Teasing my brain was the suspicion that, on top of everything else odd about them, these men were communicating with their minds. I tried to push the idea aside, telling myself it was absolutely ridiculous. It refused to leave. An inner voice kept insisting that, if so many impossibilities on Earth were possible here in Aerisia, perhaps mental telepathy was, as well.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Mystery
 
As unobtrusively as possible, the Simathe High-Chief studied the young woman riding beside him, studied her just as he had multiple times throughout the course of this journey. He’d never thought to be so closely linked with a woman—they remained something of a mystery to him, despite his numerous years.
Shortly after birth, Simathe children were taken from their birth mothers and raised by men alone at Treygon. From birth to manhood, their lives revolved around obedience to their lords and elders, then learning a craft or learning to fight.
For more centuries than he cared to count, Ilgard’s way of life had been battle. His palms were not the smooth flesh of an idle nobleman; his hands were rough, calloused, his fingers flecked with a variety of scars, a testament to many years of warfare and handling weapons. His limbs were not housed in fine flesh, and rarely fine clothing. He was a lord, true, but not a lord born into that position, like a rich man’s profligate son. He was a warrior-lord. Nearly all his life he had fought and killed.
Most of his clan spent little time among non-Simathe, and he was no different. The general exception was when fighting alongside them in battle, or, in his case, when assuming his seat at Council. If the common folk of Aerisia feared and shunned the Simathe, their women did doubly. There was no Aerisian mother who didn’t fear bearing a Simathe infant each time she conceived. One rumor even ran that to look a Simathe in the eye was to risk bearing a Simathe child. Needless to say, few women would run that risk.
Truthfully, the Simathe found real acceptance only among themselves and partially with Council, but only because Aerisia needed their war skills. No one would ever know, see, understand, or appreciate the hidden services Treygon carried on: services without which, Ilgard often thought, Aerisia might not stand. This was how it had always been, and he had long ago given up considering the whys and wherefores of his unusual existence.
There were no Simathe women, and Simathe did not marry. To his knowledge, none ever had or would. From earliest infancy, Simathe were taught to rely exclusively on themselves and one another. Women were a thing of the outside world: lovely, foreign creatures to be marveled at but never pursued as other men pursued. Never loved, never taken as brides. In any case, there was little place for mortal women in the Simathe existence or lifespan, and so there simply were none. Again, it was a thing unquestioned by both the High-Chief and his men.
Now, however, for the first time in his life he found himself in the company of a young mortal woman, vowing himself her guardian, and even taking her to Treygon, his home. Aside from the fairies, no woman of any sort had ever walked those secret halls. She was no mere woman, of course; she was the Artan. Even so, as the Artan, she was still mortal and, as a woman, something of a mystery, a challenge.
She was very, very young. Except for her one green eye, the coloring of her hair, skin, and eyes was distinctively Earthlike, not Aerisian. She carried herself in a different manner, dressed differently from anyone he’d ever seen, and continued to speak and act in ways more bold and bizarre than any other maiden—or man, for that matter—that he’d ever met.
She rode in silence alongside him, the reins clasped loosely in small, gloved hands, a quicksilver smile playing about her lips. Eyes of brown and green darting from one thing to the next, she took in her surroundings with evident interest. Quite a change from the sobbing girl of yesterday who’d so spitefully assured him of her hatred or the courageous—if foolhardy—prisoner who had climbed over her balcony as a means of escape.
Back when they’d halted in the trailside clearing, Ilgard had found himself irritated by his alarm when she lingered overlong in the woods. The alarm had surprised him, and he disliked being surprised. It happened rarely enough. Having lived for so long, he felt the rhythm of life, knew what course matters should take, and could generally foretell how they would go. In birth, life, and death there was a marked sameness. Even in battle there was cadence and consistency: thrust with the sword, swing to the side, block a blow, give one, trade favor for favor. Guard your back, guard your comrade’s back. Never underestimate your opponent.
He cast a measuring glance at this newcomer who had succeeded in thoroughly disrupting his life. Had he somehow underestimated her? Most of his relationships were straightforward: he was Lord of the Simathe and chose his friends from among his fellow lords. Everyone else obeyed his orders without question. But her, the lady Artan? Somehow, he thought she might prove a bit more difficult.
Nevertheless, Join with her he would, and doubtless this would bring its own unpleasantness. It couldn’t be helped. He would guard her, he would fight for her, he would serve her as he deemed best, but he would not make a fool of himself over her or let her change who he was. She would not become a distraction—after all, how much trouble could one woman be? She would merely be there at Treygon: his responsibility, his charge…but not his concern.
Resolved, he looked away from her, steeling his mind against further internal disruptions. Pretty and soft and sweet-smelling she might be, but he was a Simathe. He would not allow such pointless frivolities to sway him.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Fairy Forest
 
We rode without further communication, or any outward forms of it, until we reached the Standing Elm—easily the largest tree I’d ever seen. It stood sentinel by the side of the road, towering high above the other trees in the forest, although they were certainly no saplings. Massive branches thrust toward the sky, as if this tree alone bore the burden of supporting its weight. I craned my neck so I could look up, up, up…
So tall…
Beside me, Lord Ilgard halted his horse, saying, “We stop here.”
The rest of us complied, though one Simathe actually asked, “Here, my lord?”
I glanced around to see who’d spoken. It was my friend, the one whose wink and smile had made me laugh.
“Here,” his High-Chief reiterated firmly.
Content with that, his subordinate faced forward once more. The other warriors had asked no questions: their lord’s word was good enough for them. He commanded, they obeyed.
I waited for the man to offer some explanation about the fairy Aureeyah and how she’d promised to meet us here. None was forthcoming. Apparently, as I’d been warned, these guys really didn’t talk. I shouldn’t have been surprised, even though I was a little. They certainly hadn’t been communicative the whole day.
Refocusing my attention on the gigantic tree, I decided to ignore my company. The Elm’s network of roots poked up through the ground in some places, its knobby knees spread out all over. Some had even busted through the packed dirt of the narrow roadway.
A person would have to be extra careful on this part of the trail, I thought, especially in the dark.
Once again I saw the glow, and there she was, at the base of the tree. Her dainty bare feet were planted on one of the Elm’s protruding roots, and her face was alight with welcome.
“Peace to you, warriors of the Simathe,” she said, lifting a hand in greeting. “Come, you shall abide this night in my vale.”
I glanced around the group, curious as to what their take on the situation might be. Judging from their expressionless expressions, nobody seemed surprised to see her.
Did you really expect them to be?
Not really. If anything, I was getting to the point where I’d have been surprised to see them act surprised.
The High-Chief now spoke for them all when he stated, “We accept your offer with gratitude, my lady.”
“Indeed. Please, dismount and follow me.”
They began swinging down from their mounts and I started to follow suit, but stopped mid-action with a soft cry of pain. “Oh!” I gasped. I was sore! I hadn’t ridden as much in my entire life as I had these past couple of days. My muscles had taken a beating and complained loudly when I tried to climb off my horse’s back.
To my surprise, I felt hands at my waist. “Allow me, my lady.”
Trapped in a half-dismounted stance, I cut my eyes down at my would-be rescuer. “I can make it.”
But instead of releasing my waist, the High-Chief simply lifted up and out. My feet slid free of the stirrups as he lowered me to the ground. I touched earth and stumbled backward, catching myself with a hand to his chest. Our eyes met, and I felt myself turn beet red.
“Sorry,” I mumbled, snatching my fingers away as if they were on fire.
His hands fell from my waist, and I moved as quickly as my stiff legs would allow to the other side of my horse, ducking under its head and catching up its bridle. Gritting my teeth, I followed the Simathe in front of me into the trees.
Darn him! Why can’t he just leave me alone? And why am I either a crying weakling or a clumsy idiot around him?
He made me so nervous. And I felt very confused.
*   *   *
The feelings of confusion lingered, but this time it wasn’t because of the enigmatic Simathe High-Chief. Instead, I noticed as we walked through the forest no tree branches or twigs reached out to snag my hair and clothing. No bushes whacked my shins, no vines or brambles impeded our progress. It wasn’t like we were on any kind of path, and the trees, limbs, bushes, vines, thorns, and brambles were all there. When we reached them, however, they just…weren’t. It gave me the oddest feeling to think the forest was somehow moving itself out of our way.
Craning my neck, I scanned the area ahead. In the gathering twilight, darkened several shades by the forest canopy, the fairy’s aura was an illuminating glow. She glided along effortlessly through the woods, the rest of us following in single file.
Duh, I suddenly realized, it’s her. She’s the one who’s moving everything out of our way so we can get through easier.
Immediately, my head began to clear. Then another thought struck, and I almost laughed aloud at the irony of it all. If I’d just made this same discovery a few days ago, when I’d first arrived in Aerisia, I would’ve been freaking out. Now, not only did it not disturb me, I was actually comforted by this display of the fairy’s powers. What did that say about me? That I was learning to go with the flow, accept this new world and all its craziness at face value?
As I walked along, I contemplated the people of Aerisia and what it would be like for them if our situations were unexpectedly reversed. Would my world be as unique and intimidating to them as theirs was to me? Everything I’d taken for granted at home—electricity, photography, CDs, computers, DVDs, smart phones, indoor plumbing, cars, airplanes—would these things seem like magic to Elisia and Rittean? I didn’t give them a second thought, but to someone from a place where true magic and fairytale creatures were the norm, would they be as shocking to an Aerisian as an immortal warrior was to me?
Too bad none of them will ever get to walk in my shoes and find out, I thought sourly.
*   *   *
Before long we were so deep in those boundless woods I couldn’t have found my way back to the main trail even with GPS. Everywhere I looked there were trees, trees, and more trees, with only the occasional meadow or stream to break the monotony. It was silent, beautiful, peaceful. The sounds of our footsteps and the clopping of the horses’ hooves were muffled by the heavy carpet of grass and fallen leaves underfoot, while the night around us had grown nearly pitch black. We had only Aureeyah’s gentle glow to guide us along.
Close to an hour was spent traveling through her forest, and then the fairy stopped, causing those of us behind her to pull our horses to a quick standstill. Before us, I could faintly make out the outline of a hill. Knee-high clumps of grass sprouted in the clearing, waving timidly in the breeze. Patches of moss darkened the faces of the large boulders dotting the whole scene, and fireflies darted in and out, their lights winking on and off again in the darkness.
A full moon had slowly risen, casting its soft beams into the meadow’s velvety shadows. I lifted my face to it, remembrances of Rittean, Risean, and the legend of the Moonkind running across my mind. Wisps of hair, long since escaped from my braid, drifted about my face, and I pushed them lazily away.
Nighttime here in the deep forest was incredibly beautiful and serene. It was hard to believe that at this moment, creatures like the drocnords shared the same quiet moon as me. Did they never look up to appreciate its beauty, as I was doing now? Or did the evil twisting their souls keep them from enjoying simple, wholesome pleasures?
In the midst of my musings, Aureeyah glided like a whisper to the side of the hill, tracing a pattern on it too complicated for me to follow.
“Querdo,” she ordered.
I’ve heard that word before, I thought. Where?
I was still puzzling over that when the side of the hill started splitting soundlessly. My mouth opened too, but only for a second. I closed it with a wry smile. Ah yes, Querdo. That was the command they’d used back at Laytrii’s palace to open my bedroom door.
Aureeyah stepped into the opening, which was now high and wide enough to admit both man and horse. We did the same, following her into a long stone tunnel. I studied my surroundings with awe. Stalactites and stalagmites formed fantastic columns where they coupled and twisted needles jutting into or falling from the air where they didn’t. As the fairy went ahead of us, her soft aura flickered off these formations, creating shadows that danced and moved like living creatures.
Once, thinking I’d actually seen something move, I bit back a cry and jolted to a stop. Whipping my face from side to side, I strained to peer into the darkness, unbidden memories of both the drocnords’ attack and a long-ago dark night when I’d been lost in a different forest springing to mind. Even though I shoved them away, I was still nervous and jumped when something moved behind me. I whirled to see another dark shape looming at my elbow. Even in the ghostly light, those eyes, blacker than the blackness of this cave, gleamed.
“Ilgard?” I whimpered, daring for the first time to use his given name.
“My lady? Something amiss?”
I shifted a step backward, unconsciously seeking the sense of protection his sword arm and powerfully built body gave.
“I thought I saw something. There.” I pointed straight ahead.
Clasping a warm, solid hand on my bare shoulder, he leaned past me to look. The others had stopped, and there was a moment of hush. Close to my ear, I could hear the warrior-lord’s steady breathing. Then, “I see nothing.”
“Are you sure?”
Another pause. “I am sure.”
I was tempted to ask if somebody could light a torch and go investigate but knew it was probably nothing worse than my own imagination. Besides, I didn’t want to appear a bigger wimp than I already did. Also, hadn’t Rittean once mentioned that a Simathe could see as well in the dark as the light?
“Hannah?” That was Aureeyah’s voice. “High-Chief? Is something amiss?”
His face so near mine, he only had to turn slightly. Our eyes locked, and I found myself swallowing hard. Did I trust him that it was nothing, or did I demand a search? His men were unconcerned; they trusted their leader implicitly. Could I?
“Can you…can you really see in the dark?” I faltered in a whisper.
“Aye, my lady. I can.”
“And—there’s really nothing there?”
A negative shake of the head. “Nothing.”
Worrying my lower lip between my teeth, I thought hard. Trust him or not? Everyone else did. He’d saved my life. Tall and daunting, stern and cold, dictatorial, lacking human emotion…he seemed all of those things. In spite of his flaws, he’d been chosen over everyone else in Aerisia as my personal guardian. I didn’t really think he’d lie about this, or speak so positively if he wasn’t absolutely certain, did I?
My fingers balled into a fist. “Aureeyah? Nothing is wrong. I just, uh, had a little problem, that’s all. Everything’s fine.”
A hesitant pause, then, “Very well.”
She started off again. The Simathe leader moved to step back, but stopped when I begged, “Walk by me, please?”
Tingling goosebumps still dotted my arms. This warrior might be frightening, but he sure beat out walking alone.
He said nothing, but he did pull his horse even with mine, matching his pace to the one I set.
*   *   *
We made it through the cave without further incident. I kept thinking I saw something from the corner of my eye: half-formed shadows behind boulders, the silhouette of a crouching drocnord beside a rock. I would start, panic, and then I would glance up at the man next to me. His eyes were constantly scanning, his body alert but not tense, and I would trust his night vision and warrior’s instincts enough to calm down until the next shadow, the next creepy shape.
Still, it wasn’t until we’d navigated the tunnel with no attack that I felt myself genuinely relax. As we stepped from the cavern’s blackness into the moonlit night, I sighed happily.
Free of caves and tunnels at last. Thank heavens!
Lifting my face to the stars, I closed my eyes and breathed deeply of the flower-scented air, held the breath for an instant, then released it in a sigh. I opened my eyes to discover my Simathe companion watching me in a way that told me he found my behavior very strange. High-Chief Ilgard, it seemed, always found my behavior—and thus me, I guess—very strange. Too cheerful to be bothered, I just shrugged and smiled.
“Nice to be back in the open, huh?”
“As you say,” he nodded, then turned away, calling for his men to take the horses and ready them for the night.
Mine went with the rest, and Aureeyah appeared at my side. “Welcome to my domain, Lady of Earth. Come, rest and be refreshed.”
Her aura illuminated the night and, combined with the radiance of the full moon, offered plenty of light to check out my surroundings. If ever an artist’s work had been brought to life, it was here in this magical spot. The tunnel we’d traveled through was now closed, and the mossy, rock-covered hill formed one boundary of the enclosure. To my left was a thick forest wall and a moon-dappled stream. In front of me, my back to the hillside, was a fairy vale of scattered, moss-draped trees and sizeable boulders interspersed among dancing grass. To my right, an open meadow stretched for miles under the starlight.
Aureeyah smiled at the wonder written all over my face. “Beautiful, is it not?”
“Oh man, it’s…wow, I don’t know what to say!” I laughed. “Yeah, it really is. It’s perfect! And it’s so bright out here…for nighttime, I mean. The moonlight and your…glow really light this place up.”
“The light of fairies,” she clarified, amused by my stumbling description. “The light of goodness and purity.”
“Hmmm…fairy light, huh?”
She smiled, laying a hand on my arm. “My friend, do you know what we are? What we fairies truly are?”
“What fairies truly are? I don’t know. I guess I never thought much about it. Until today, I didn’t even know you existed. We don’t have fairies on Earth.”
“Once you did.”
That took me aback. “We did?”
“Aye. Come, I will explain these things while you eat and refresh yourself.”
By now the Simathe had several fires going and were gathering around them to prepare their evening meals. Aureeyah escorted me across the clearing, seating me on a smooth stone beside one of those crackling fires while she sank gracefully into the grass beside me. The warrior tending our blaze handed me a freshly filled waterskin and something to eat before moving off, giving the two of us some privacy.
Tiny droplets beaded the outside of the leather bag, wetting my fingertips. Tipping my head back, I drank thirstily, washing away the dust that’d settled in my throat during the long day’s ride. I half emptied the bag before I came up for air, setting the waterskin next to me and wiping my mouth with the back of my hand.
Catching the fairy’s smile, I grinned sheepishly. “Sorry. I was really thirsty.”
She giggled. “So I observed.”
Snapping off a piece of bread, I popped it into my mouth, chewing and swallowing before asking, “So what were you going to tell me about fairies? About what they’re made of or something?” Then, remembering my manners, I offered my handful of bread. “Oh, here, you want something to eat? It’s pretty decent for trail food.”
Aureeyah smiled her thanks as she broke off a corner and chewed it slowly. “Thank you, Hannah. I have not eaten man food in many years.”
“Man food?” I wrinkled my nose.
“Aye, that which is eaten by mankind. To we fairies, it is man food.”
“Ah. So I guess you, being a fairy, usually eat different stuff, huh?”
“When we do eat.”
I pondered that. They must be something like the Simathe, these fairies, not having to eat very often. Maybe never.
“So do you want some more?” I finally asked.
She waved a hand in dismissal. “I think not. But I thank you for your offer. You are most kind.”
She gave me a scrutinizing glance as she said the last part, and I felt my face warm. Getting used to the searching looks wasn’t easy. It was like I could feel everybody thinking, Is she or isn’t she? Is she really the Artan? Can she save us?
Well, I sure didn’t know. It was as much, if not more, a mystery to me as it was to any of them.
I forced a quick smile. “Not at all. Now, what were you going to tell me about fairies?”
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Parallel Worlds
 
In soft, lilting tones she began to speak, weaving stories of fairies and magic. Each sentence melted into the darkness as she completed it, yet I remember clearly all she said that night as we sat before the fire.
The Simathe busied themselves with their evening meals, making little conversation among themselves and none with us. For the most part, they acted as if we weren’t there or didn’t exist—definitely not social butterflies. After eating, some wrapped up in their cloaks and stretched out to sleep, while others remained on guard. They were so silent, so still I guess I forgot they were even there as I listened with rapt attention to all Aureeyah had to say.
Concerning fairies, Aureeyah told me they were the life force brought into visible being of their different realms. She herself was a forest fairy. What gave life to the trees, flora, and fauna, what sustained the hills and rocks against pounding weather, what kept the woodland alive and regenerating itself…all of these were her innermost essence and what gave life to her. A fairy also has power, each in her own dominion, to sustain and protect it from The Evil and to ensure its survival.
Fairies, she added, are not mortal; they don’t age or die. Although she didn’t tell me her age, I assumed she was very, very old. Probably older than the oldest Simathe. I came to this conclusion while considering Ilgard’s strange deference to her back at the stream. What I’d thought was so weird at the time must’ve been an exhibition of deep respect on the part of the Simathe for a being even older than himself. This, taken together with her kindness to the warrior-lord and his men, told me there probably existed a bond between the two races, forged by the fact that both were ageless, immortal.
Later that night, snug in my bedroll, I mulled over these things during the restless minutes before fatigue won and sleep claimed me. But even that tale wasn’t as shocking as her account of Aerisia’s past connection with Earth…
Before the dawning of a new age on Earth, she told me, an age where men fancied themselves wise and forgot, casting aside the legends and stories they’d once believed, people knew. Mankind remembered. They remembered times of the past, when Earth held concord with another land, another world.
That world was Aerisia.
Twin lands they were, side by side. While in unity, the peoples of Earth and Aerisia—even the Aerisian fairies—could visit the two different worlds, journeying from one to the other, for Earth was very much then as Aerisia is now.
“How did they travel like that, between the two worlds?” I’d wanted to know.
She claimed she didn’t know. The knowledge of this art was lost, even to the fairies. There were none left who knew the way. But from Earth, she knew travelers must pass into the setting sun, for, upon Earth, Aerisia had formerly been known as the Land Beyond the Sunset.
And from Aerisia to Earth?
She didn’t know. Not even the smallest hint of knowledge remained. The paths once traveled were now closed, never to be reopened.
But why? Why had they been closed? And how had I, a girl from Earth, come to be in this Land Beyond the Sunset if the paths between our two worlds were permanently closed? Furthermore, how did she know all these things?
Why? There were rumors of a conflict erupting between Earth and Aerisia, a conflict provoked by evil ones who, as a means to destroy life in each other’s land, took strange creatures through the links between the twin worlds. Wild animals from Earth, dragons from Aerisia. There were also thieves who stole from one world, taking what was not theirs to their home world. In the end, whether from Earth’s side or Aerisia’s—she didn’t know which—the links uniting the parallel worlds were closed. No longer could Aerisians and Earthlings walk freely from one land to another.
Such was the closing of the paths.
As for how I’d been brought here? I was no ordinary woman from Earth, but Aerisia’s Artan. I hadn’t been brought through the ancient paths but through some form of Moonkind magic, perhaps similar to what they used when they were forced to leave their first home and create new lives for themselves on the shores of Aerisia.
And were there no surviving remnants of these legends upon Earth? she’d inquired. Nothing on my home world that I could trace back as stemming from Earth’s forgotten friendship with Aerisia?
As she was relaying this information, my mind had been whirring. Who, I asked myself, on Earth hasn’t heard about dragons, giants, and fairies, magic, and immortality? Who hasn’t seen fantasy art, read fantasy novels, or watched fantasy movies? Who doesn’t know at least a dozen fairytales off the top of their head? Everybody does!
The stories I’d known back home of trolls and monsters, boogiemen and magic, fables told and retold with multiple variations but the same basic elements the world over…could it be that all of these things were founded upon a long-ago, long-forgotten friendship with this land of Aerisia? That, even though memory of the world itself hadn’t survived, elements of it had?
Incredibly, I was now aware that the basis of these things wasn't fantasy at all but as much a reality and way of life in another place as electricity is on Earth. It all boiled down to two worlds with two different ways of life. After all, fables are usually grounded in truth, and fiction’s basis is often reality. It seemed that was certainly the case here.
That explains a lot, I thought sleepily, just before drifting off.
Not quite everything, like why these stubborn Aerisians believed I was their Artan in the first place, but it had opened up a whole new universe of thought for me.
Chapter Thirty
Morning
 
Very early the next morning, with dawn’s breaking just streaking the sky, he went to awaken her. She yawned and sat up when he shook her shoulder, pushing tangled wisps of brown hair out of her eyes.
A sleepy smile. “Good morning.”
“And to you. Take this.” Ilgard offered her a steaming cup of tea.
Before accepting it, she shifted her legs to where she could sit cross-legged on her bedding. Lifting the cup to her lips, she closed her eyes while inhaling deeply of the steam rising from the warm liquid. Bringing the mug to her lips, she carefully took a sip.
“Thank you. It’s nice and hot. Feels good on a cool morning.” She gathered her blue cloak about her bare shoulders, looked around and inquired, “Where’s Aureeyah?”
The Simathe stood from where he’d been kneeling before her fire, coaxing last night’s embers to life.
“Gone.”
“Gone? She left?”
“Aye.”
“How come?”
Disappointment clouded her voice. He saw hurt on her face. For a moment, he felt sorry for her. But only for a moment.
“I cannot say,” he responded. “She spoke with you last night. Not me.”
“Yeah,” she sighed mournfully. “But she didn’t say anything about leaving.” Again she sighed, her shoulders rising and falling. Taking another sip of her tea, she slumped against the stone behind her, clearly wanting to brood.
“I’ll fetch you food.”
As he went about the task, the High-Chief wondered why she seemed so put out by the fairy’s departure. Perhaps she thought she’d found a friend only to have the fairy disappear with no word of farewell. She was undoubtedly lonely, lonelier now than at the start of this journey. Still, he could think of little he could do to ease her burdens.
Soon, he was back at her side. “Food, my lady.”
“I’m not hungry,” she said dejectedly, not bothering to look up.
Why me?
No. He shoved the self-pity away. She was his responsibility. Telling himself it was his duty, he knelt next to her in the grass. She glanced up sharply, but he ignored her surprise, pointing beyond them to the sprawling meadow beginning to awaken from a long night’s sleep.
“Look there. You see? She may have departed, but all around you lies the evidence of her work. You should be honored she spent this time with you, and welcomed you to her home. A fairy has many duties to be about and can never tarry long in one place.”
Her gaze followed the track of his finger, settling on the far field. Waves of mist rose and disappeared in the bars of red-gold sunlight falling across the rippling grasses. Flowers of every hue poked up from the sea of green. Tiny butterflies flitted joyfully from one colorful petal to the next. As her eyes traveled around the vale, her shoulders rose, the sadness leaving her face.
He rested his hand briefly on her shoulder. “Fear not, my lady. I think you have not seen the last of your fairy.”
“Thank you,” she whispered.
He rose. “Eat now. I’ll send a warrior to fetch your things. If we are to reach Treygon tonight, we must depart.”
“Treygon?”
She glanced up sharply, the single word an anxious question.
He’d no response to give other than a simple “Aye” before striding off. He must oversee preparations for departure, and she needed to eat. She would see his home for herself soon enough.
Chapter Thirty-One
Attack
 
That day passed as slowly as the one before. Maybe slower, since there was no talking, no smiles, no communication at all. As we left the forest sometime around noon, I turned in my saddle for a final, lingering glance, hoping against hope to see Aureeyah standing at the edge of the trees…
My hope was in vain. Once more I faced forward, trying to quell the disappointment by amusing myself with memories of home and family. I recalled past birthdays, Father’s Days, Christmases, and Thanksgivings. I thought about my family, wondering where they were right at this moment and what they were doing. Did they miss me? What did they think had happened to me? Would I ever see them again?
Lost in thoughts of home, this time I didn’t even notice it was well past midday before we stopped for lunch. We didn’t take a long lunch break, either, but ate on the backs of our mounts, allowed only a few minutes on the ground to stretch our legs. Water, hard-baked bread, and dried meat were the staples of our meal, just as they’d been this whole stupid trip.
“I sure hope the food at Treygon is better than this,” I mumbled around a mouthful of spicy, chewy meat. Darn stuff was hard to chew. Made my teeth and jaws ache.
Lord Ilgard, always nearby, overheard the complaint. “My lady?”
I swallowed hard, forcing down a lump that didn’t want to cooperate. “Nothing.”
He let the subject drop and left me alone, which was fine. The man was impossible to figure out, I mused while eating. Never what could be called nice, but he had his softer moments. Like last night in the cave when I kept thinking I saw things, or this morning when I’d awakened to discover Aureeyah’s disappearance. Maybe there was hope for him yet.
I risked a stealthy glance over at the Simathe lord, only to see him tear off a bite of meat every bit as tough as mine with no more difficulty than if he’d been eating a soft dinner roll. I winced.
Maybe not.
*   *   *
The day was darkening, but it wasn’t the peaceful shadows of twilight overtaking the sky. The day was tranquil, but it wasn’t the calm stillness of a summer day drawing to a contended close. A cool breeze whipped up, teasing strands of hair out of the braid I’d replaited this morning. The force of it blew and tangled my horse’s mane. Pulling my cloak tightly about my shoulders, I studied the forbidding sky. Dark clouds scudding across its face were gathering into an ominous, foreboding mass.
“It’s going to storm,” I announced.
A needless comment in light of the obvious signs, but I felt like I had to draw my companions’ attention to the fact. They were plodding along, every now and then casting a glance upward, but otherwise appeared unconcerned.
A raindrop hit the tip of my nose, sliding over my lips. I wiped it away. “Shouldn’t we be looking for shelter?”
I hated storms. As a child, I would quiver under the blankets while they raged outside my bedroom window. When the thunder was so loud it shook the house, I would run to my parents’ room, where I’d be held tight and comforted until the furor had passed.
As a young woman, naturally I no longer ran to my parents, but I still disliked storms. Holding my breath and counting the seconds between lightning flashes and peals of thunder, I could never fall asleep until the fury had abated. This oncoming storm was triggering an assault of memories, and I couldn’t tear my gaze from the threatening sky.
Another raindrop hit my gloved hand. Its twin splashed the tip of my ear. My hands were starting to shake. The wind picked up again, rustling the tall grass on either side of the road. Other than that there were no noises and, besides our party, no signs of any living creatures. All was eerily silent: the calm before the storm. My horse was tense, its ears pricked. A distant crash of thunder; he shook his head nervously. Lightning flashed though the clouds. Though still a ways away, the storm was obviously moving closer.
I couldn’t stand it anymore. “High-Chief, please, can’t we find shelter? I don’t want to be out in this!”
Not surprisingly, the man was far from alarmed. “It’s only a storm. It will pass.”
His unruffled demeanor made my anger boil. Jerking my horse to a stop, I rounded on him furiously. “I know it’s only a storm,” I yelled, rising in the stirrups. “I don’t care! I don’t want to be caught in it! What’s wrong with you?”
Those pit-black eyes narrowed angrily, and I plunked back down. Suddenly, the gaze pinning me was more frightening than the imminent storm. What was I thinking, screaming at him like that? Was I crazy?
“Look about you,” he lashed out, a keen edge to his voice the storm could never hope to match. “Is there anywhere to take shelter?”
The man had a point, even if I hated to admit it. The countryside was all sprawling fields interspersed with grey boulders, large and small. A few scrubby trees dotted the landscape, while mountains loomed large in the distance. There were no houses, no caves, no trees, no roofs to hide under.
What to do? What to do?
Inside their gloves, my hands were openly shaking.
“The rain will not harm you. We ride.”
That was Ilgard. The man was implacable.
He and his men spurred their horses forward, but I refused to budge. As he passed by, the Simathe leaned from his saddle, catching my horse firmly by the bridle. The animal followed meekly…until I sawed viciously on the reins, making him whip his head to the side and tear loose from the Simathe’s grasp.
Directly overhead, thunder boomed. I panicked, jumped, my silver spurs raking my horse’s flanks. Already spooked, this proved too much for the frightened beast. He bolted down the trail, taking me with him. Gripping the pommel with one hand and the reins in the other, I held on with all my strength. I don’t know how long we ran, or how far, before it happened. Thunder crashed, followed by a brilliant flash of lightning. It struck me…yet it didn’t. One moment I was tearing along at breakneck speed, and the next—a boom, a flash, and I was enfolded in a dazzling veil of white.
Time morphed into a murky soup of air, space, and speed. Beneath me, my horse struggled to run, but it was like moving in slow motion. My body felt frozen, my motions sluggish, and my fingers unresponsive as they tried to relax their grip on the saddle horn and reins.
A fierce rush of wind blasted us, knocking my horse off his feet. I was still clinging to his back and fell with him, winding up with one leg pinned beneath his weight. Terror, obscene and sudden, flooded me like a wave, overwhelming my mind as I lay helpless on the wet grass. I opened my mouth and tried to scream, but no sounds came out.
That white light was around, within, and about me, holding me powerless in its suffocating grip. I was no longer conscious of the raging storm. Nothing was left except light and choking panic. Thunder crashed a fourth time, and in its sonorous peals I heard an evil voice. No, I heard the voice of evil. Over and over again it called my name, the echoes rolling and crashing like wild waves against a rocky shore.
“Hannah,” it called. “Lady Hannah, the Artan. Hannah. Lady Hannah, the Artan. Mighty deliverer from Earth. Have you come to save these people, this land, from me? From me?”
A face materialized, filling the sky over my head: a gleaming white skull. Formed from the white light enclosing me, vacant eye sockets and a fleshless mouth smiled a hideous smile as it loomed over me, slowly descending.
“From me, Hannah? From me, Lady Artan? From me?”
Nonsensical words. Hideous phrases. I couldn’t figure them out. I couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think. I was reduced to babbling a mindless, “No, no, no!” My head shook senselessly from side to side. My horse didn’t move. Was he dead?
Now the face was upon me, its jaws gaping wide as if to swallow me whole. In the midst of my panic I reacted, throwing my arms into the air in a defensive posture. I touched something tangible; a tremendous weight pressed upon me. My arms trembled violently as I fought to keep from being crushed.
“No,” I screamed. “No! Get away from me, leave me alone!”
Nothing at first, then the weight withdrew ever so slightly. Encouraged, I continued shouting commands and denials. There was a pause, one that seemed to last forever. And then, wonder of wonders!—the face began to fade. Another breathless moment of horror and hope, and I was able to pick myself up, rising as far as my pinned leg would allow. With both hands thrust against my opponent, both palms turned skyward, I continued pushing against the terrible weight and screaming for it to leave. New life flooded my veins, and my voice strengthened. To my indescribable relief, as I regained strength, my enemy seemed to lose his.
“Leave!” I shouted once more. “Leave me alone!”
As the words fled my lips this time, a strange steam of blue light leapt from my fingertips, careened upward, and slammed brutally against the grinning skull. The thing parted its yawning jaws in a hideous, gurgling scream not unlike that of the drocnords. Power, sheer power, replacing any fear, suddenly I was strong and invincible. There was only this moment, this battle, and the magic of the blue brilliance bursting from my outstretched hands.
The monster’s second scream shook the earth. I wanted to double over and press my hands to my ears, but the magic wouldn’t let me go. Another stupendously loud crash of thunder, accompanied by the most brilliant flash of lightning yet. Both the skull and the menacing white light blasted upward, a fountain of radiance spraying the clouds, fading into the next lightning bolt that raced across the sky.
The instant they were gone, my cerulean light fled as well, and all vigor drained from my limbs. A heavy shudder convulsed my body, and I toppled backward into soft mud. Heavy rain drummed on my face, droplets coursing down my cheeks like tears. The last thing I remember thinking was that the storm seemed to be vanishing into the distance.
Consciousness fled.
My eyes closed.
The world went black.
Chapter Thirty-Two
Deathcats
 
He had to reach her.
Her horse, frightened as much by its nervous rider as the storm, had bolted, galloping recklessly down the narrow trail. They had not gotten far, however, before lightning split the sky, its jagged edges slanting directly toward the woman fleeing on horseback. In an instant, both horse and rider were swallowed by a great, blinding flash of light. Rather than diminish, this searing light grew rapidly, steadily. It hurt his eyes, this strange brilliance, causing both the Simathe lord and his men to fling protective arms across their faces.
The attack came in that one instant of being caught off guard. They were the most feared predators of the plains: felines larger than an ox, yet endowed with supernatural grace, cunning, and speed. Many Aerisians swore they were as intelligent as humans. Gazing into the depraved, yellow eyes of the beast that came at him from nowhere, the Simathe High-Chief could readily believe it.
Usually they hunted alone, or in small prides of twos and threes. Deathcats never attacked in the strong force of fifty or more now threatening to overrun his company. In the initial onslaught, several of his warriors went down wounded, their horses killed outright. But in short order, decades of training and experience rose to the fore. Closing ranks, backs to one another, the Simathe protected the wounded in their midst. Blades gleamed brightly in the intermittent flashes of lightning, only to be plunged in and pulled out a dull red. Blood was everywhere, fouling the air with its peculiar stench. The screams of wounded horses and dying deathcats filled the night.
Against normal human strength, the deathcats would almost surely have prevailed. Nevertheless, the tenacious Simathe could not die, and in the end it was their attackers who fled, leaving the tired, gory group behind. Those who were able to flee, that is. Many of the beasts lay dead or dying upon the trampled, blood- and rain-matted grass. Those still living didn’t breathe much longer.
Throughout the whole ordeal, one thought pounded desperately in the High-Chief’s brain. I have to reach her… The girl he’d sworn on his honor to protect had been swallowed whole by that consuming flash of light. Was she dead? Injured? Were Aerisia’s hopes already doomed? So suddenly?
The High-Chief fought hard, the desire to reach his Artan second only to the maddening desire to kill—to destroy the beasts who’d attacked without warning. At last, skirmish over and enemy defeated, those of his men who were uninjured dispersed to assist their wounded comrades and mounts. Some ensured that no deathcats clinging to life would live to breed more of their kind.
The Simathe High-Chief glanced about, noting the strange tunnel of light was gone and the storm had receded as well. Where was the Artan? Whatever that white brilliance had been, it had destroyed his night vision. Temporarily, he hoped. For once, he wished mightily for a lantern or a torch, but knew he’d not the time to find one. Thus, he waited tensely for the next flash of lightning, no matter how weak, to show him where she was…
When it came, he saw that she lay ahead on the path—a dark form which, at this distance, appeared unmoving. He ran. Ignoring the mud, he dropped to his knees, a small part of him aware of the gentle rain wetting her face. Brushing the damp hair from her brow, he ran his eyes swiftly over her inert body, assessing the damages. There were none—visible, at least—and he thought she breathed steadily. Next, he glided sure hands over her neck, arms, and legs, stopping short when he found one foot was pinned beneath the horse. Grimly, he laid a hand to the animal’s side.
It was dead.
Even alone, he could have moved the beast enough to free her leg, but that would mean shoving it aside, her limb taking the brunt of the weight. If weren’t already broken, such a maneuver might change that. If it were broken, moving the horse risked worsening the damage. Hesitating briefly, the warrior-lord decided against going it alone. Instead, he reached out mentally to three of his men.
Over here—to me.
Torches had finally been lit at the scene of battle. Those carried by his warriors bobbed along the path as they hurried over. While waiting for help to arrive, Ilgard resumed his position of kneeling over the lass, shielding her from the falling rain with his own body. The lightning had passed too far away to be of any use, nor could he hear her breathing over the downpour. To reassure himself of its steady rising and falling, he placed a hand lightly on her chest, keeping it there until the torches were close enough for him to see that she breathed regularly.
What could have happened? It had to have been deliberate—the strange, consuming lightning and the deathcats’ assault occurring simultaneously. Another attempt by The Evil to destroy the lady Artan? The Simathe lord feared so. He knew they were fortunate indeed that only her horse and not her life had been lost in the attack.
With minimal effort, the four warriors lifted the dead animal, moving it aside. As soon as the pressure on her leg was released, the girl moaned, began to stir. Reoccupying his position next to her, Ilgard felt the leg just freed. Running a hand cautiously from thigh to toes, he was relieved to feel no obvious breaks. She moaned again, louder this time, her head rolling restlessly from side to side. Leaning over, he pressed a palm to her shoulder, pinning her against the muddy ground.
“Lie still, my lady.”
Miraculously, at his touch, the sound of his voice, she calmed, stilled. Not knowing what else to do, Ilgard scooped her up carefully his arms. Her dead weight, the way her head drooped upon his shoulder, prompted an exchange of worried glances among his men. What harm the light may have wrought they could not tell, and neither could she. She was completely unconscious and not likely to come out of it soon.
Without a word, the men strode hastily through the tall, damp grass, heading back toward their comrades. The rain came down even harder, and the High-Chief feared they would never reach Treygon this night.
Chapter Thirty-Three
Arrival at Treygon
 
I came slowly awake, conscious of something strong and immovable surrounding me. At the same time, I seemed to be jostling along. The pain in my head throbbed in sync to the bumping beneath me, and forcing my bleary eyes open was a struggle. They felt gritty, heavy. Unresponsive. All about me was darkness and damp, and for one terrifying moment I couldn’t see anything.
A deep voice. “Lie still, my lady.”
Ilgard?
I turned my head to the side, seeking him, only to smack into something hard and unyielding. “Ouch!” I complained, reaching for my throbbing temple.
The solid mass vibrated, and I heard a low laugh. “I warned you to lie still.”
“Ilgard?”
“Aye?”
“Where the heck am I?”
Slight pause. Then, “You share my mount.”
Ah, that would explain things. The fogginess in my brain lifted as I put the pieces together. I was sitting sideways, sandwiched firmly between the saddle horn and the man behind me. A rolled cloth between my hip and the pommel added a thin padding, while the heavy cloak wrapped around my shoulders kept me relatively dry and warm, despite the rain. Strong arms held me safely, comfortably, and I was surprised to discover I felt neither embarrassment or fear. The warrior’s body heat comforted me, and for the time being I was content to rest my aching head against his shoulder, losing myself in his warmth and strength.
We rode in silence, several minutes passing before it hit me: the attack—the fact that it was still dark and raining. I bolted upright, eyes seeking the Simathe High-Chief’s shadowed face.
“Ilgard, what happened? The light? And the skull? I think—I think I was attacked by something. There was a huge skull, and…and this blue light.” The memories weren’t coming as they should, and when I struggled to think, my head hurt worse. I pressed a hand to my temple. “I can’t seem to remember everything, but I know something happened out there. Besides, it’s still raining,” I added needlessly, feeling the moisture on my face.
I waited for him to speak. He didn’t, so I asked, “Where’s the rest of us?”
When I looked over his shoulder, I could make out the vague shapes of only a few horses and riders where there should have been far more.
His answer was slow in coming. “You were attacked, my lady, as were we. Deathcats. They killed most of our mounts and wounded some of my men. A few remained behind to safeguard the injured. When we arrive at Treygon, aid will be sent to them.”
“Deathcats? What’re they?”
“Cats,” he retorted, surprising me by a wry attempt at humor.
“I know they’re cats,” I shot back. “But what kind of cats? Like, lions or something?”
“They are larger than an ox,” he replied, seriously now, “lethal, fierce, and swift. Wherever they hunt, they are feared.”
I shuddered. “And they jumped you? Why?”
“The Evil, I think,” he shrugged. “You vanished, and before we could reach you, they came out of the darkness. However, they were repelled…and you are safe.”
Was it my imagination, or did the arms encircling me tighten a teeny bit?
Probably not…
“Will your men be okay?”
“Their wounds will mend,” he stated simply.
I relaxed against his chest. “I wish I could remember what happened. All I can see in my mind is that crazy light—the way it kept growing and growing. And a skull. It seems…seems there was this blue light that had something to do with me, but I can’t remember what. And the skull…what was it? I can’t seem to think.”
“When it comes, it will come.”
I sighed at yet another of those annoyingly succinct remarks. The man had to be a master of them.
Rain continued to pelt us. I pulled my cloak tighter about my body, bunching it under my chin in a clenched fist. I labored to think, but try as I might, the events of the past few hours were all but lost. I could remember fear of the coming storm, my mount bolting, careening down the path, and the subsequent blaze of lightning that struck both myself and my horse—
Wait, my horse…
My horse!
Again I bolted upright, this time narrowly missing a collision with the Simathe’s chin.
“Ilgard!” I leaned back to look into his face, or what I could distinguish of it. “Ilgard, the horse I was riding—where’s my horse? Why aren’t I on him, instead of…”
I let the sentence trail off. Obviously something really bad must’ve happened, or I wouldn’t be riding double with him now.
The Simathe gave a grim, one-word response. “Dead.”
“Dead?” I repeated, aghast. “But…but how? How could my horse be dead and not me? We were both hit.” My voice trailed off to whispers. “I think…”
He didn’t bother to reply; I suppose there was nothing to be said. He and his men had been engaged in one fight while my horse and I were going through a nightmare of our own. They hadn’t seen, and I couldn’t remember. After a while, I slumped against him, dejected and worried. We rode the rest of the way in silence.
*   *   *
Hours later, we reached the gates of Treygon. The rain had stopped, but I felt heavy, sodden, weighed down by the rainwater soaking my clothing, cloak, and hair. Even my skin felt waterlogged. I awakened just as the monstrous, wrought-iron gates of the Simathe stronghold swung slowly inward. Despite their size, twice as tall as any man—maybe more—they parted soundlessly. We rode through the gap, the horses’ hooves ringing loudly on the cobblestones beneath.
Morning had finally arrived, but the light was sluggish and dirty: aftereffects of the squally night before. Thick, grey clouds obscured the early-morning sun. A frisky wind sighed across the courtyard. I shivered in its bitter breath, chill settling in my bones. Much more of this and I’m going to end up with a stupid cold, I grumped.
Annoyance mounted against Lord Ilgard and the rest of the people responsible for taking me from Laytrii, forcing me to go on this miserable trip to this miserable place, and putting me in this miserable condition. Homesickness, sleeplessne fear, cold, and bad weather combined were creating a lousy attitude. I didn’t even thank the warrior who appeared to help me down from the back of his master’s horse.
Weary, I braced myself against the wet animal, waiting while Ilgard swung down and another man came to take the horse away. I trailed my hand along the beast’s side as he walked past, thinking, Poor thing. Though almost as fierce looking as his owner, he must’ve had a rough time of it these past miles, carrying the two of us through rain, mud, and, I supposed, up the Unpassed Mountains.
The man who’d helped me dismount saluted the High-Chief, to which his lord returned a curt nod. Ilgard and his subordinate then exchanged a brief, direct glance that ended when the High-Chief said, “Wounded men were left on the plains. See that aid is sent.”
“As my lord commands.”
The warrior snapped off another salute. As he hurried away to do his master’s bidding, a firm hand took hold of my elbow.
“This way, my lady,” said the High-Chief.
We left the courtyard, passing through the massive doorway allowing entrance into the very heart of Treygon. I was too tired to lift my head and study my surroundings and kept my weary gaze fastened on the toes of my wet, muddy boots and the fawn-colored stone floor, worn smooth by the passage of time and feet.
Boy, you can tell it’s all men here. Nobody else would’ve picked such an ugly color, I thought spitefully.
The pace Ilgard set was brisk, and as I stumbled along, the annoyance simmering beneath the surface grew. I wanted to demand he show a little consideration and slow down—maybe give him a piece of my mind while I was at it.
He sees how tired I am, I sulked. Would it kill him to chill out a little? I’m wet, I’m muddy, and I’m completely worn out. I only got one good night’s sleep the whole trip between Laytrii and here. What’s his problem, anyhow? I can’t stand him…
My irritation grew as we navigated long hallways and ascended narrow staircases. There were no soft carpets or pretty marble floors in Treygon. Everything was that ugly, tan stone…which for some reason I found totally annoying. Irritating me further, my feet were wet and aching inside my boots, the leather rubbing painfully against my poor toes.
I swear some word vomit would’ve burst out if we hadn’t reached our destination when we did. The Simathe High-Chief pulled us to a stop outside a broad, closed door. Releasing my elbow, he turned the handle, ushering me into a simply furnished room. It wasn’t very large, but I had to admit it was clean and adequate.
“This will be your chamber,” he offered by way of explanation. Pushing back the hood of my cloak, I looked around, making no reply. He continued. “If you wish to bathe, I’ll have water sent.”
I nodded in cool agreement. Duh. Only a savage wouldn’t clean up before getting into bed.
“Very well. I will return for you later.”
“Whatever.”
I heard him start to walk away, but his footsteps stopped at the door.
“Lady Hannah?”
“What?” I snapped, keeping my back to both doorway and man, wishing he would go away and leave me alone.
“Look at me, my lady.”
I felt my back stiffen. My chin came up. Just who did this guy think he was, giving me orders like that?
“I believe,” he said after a moment of taut silence, “I commanded you to look at me.”
There was nothing of request in that tone. It was all command, and in its even, measured timbres I heard a demand for swift obedience. I briefly considered rebelling, but that voice held an edge which, even in my present state of mind, I wasn’t foolish enough to ignore. Slowly, I turned, but refused to meet his gaze. Several days’ beard growth had darkened his chin and jaw with black stubble, and I gazed at this stubbornly.
“My lady, I mean to warn you. When I return I will take you from this chamber for one purpose only: Joining. You would do well to submit. Whether or not you do is your choice; nonetheless, this will happen.” He paused to let that sink in, then added a quiet, “Take heed.”
At the word Joining my eyes lifted involuntarily to his. Soulless, pitch-black eyes flickered in the chamber’s dusky light. The shadow across this man’s chin and jaw didn’t give him the sleepy, careless look it might most men but only added to the persona of a fierce warrior-lord. A quiver of fear replaced my annoyance, throwing out any wild ideas of giving him a good scolding.
At the end of that warning speech, he pinned me with a long, black, black stare before turning sharply and striding from the room, closing the door firmly behind him. Bleak silence fell in the wake of his unsettling warning and departure.
Chapter Thirty-Four
Treygon’s Guest
 
Shortly after Lord Ilgard’s departure, there came a firm knock at the door.
“Yes?” I called.
“Water for your bath, my lady.”
“Come in.”
The door opened, admitting three men bearing a large tub between them. Although their eerie eyes and midnight hair said they were Simathe, they were dressed more like servants than warriors. Following this trio came others bringing pails of water that were emptied into the tub. Steam rose in a damp cloud, filling the air. I waited impatiently beside the bed for the last man, who carried a neatly folded stack of clothing, to leave.
Placing the bundle on the bed’s forest-green coverlet, he said, “The High-Chief sends word that your belongings had to be left with the wounded, my lady. When those sent to their assistance return, they will be fetched.”
“Okay, but what’s that?” I inquired, pointing toward the items piled on my bed.
“Clothing. Our clothing.” He shrugged apologetically. “It’s the best we can do, at present.”
I smiled tiredly. This had been a very long, very bad day. Now, on top of everything else, I was reduced to wearing men’s clothing—Simathe men’s clothing, at that. Could it get any worse?
“Okay, thanks,” I said to the man, not bothering to voice my complaints.
Not like he’d care anyway.
Nodding, he left, letting the door swing shut behind him. Heaving a sigh, I stood in place a moment before going to check if the door had any kind of lock. It didn’t. Not even a hook and eye or sliding bar. Apparently, the rooms here weren’t designed with a great deal of privacy in mind. On the other hand, since I hadn’t heard the last man lock me in when he left, I guessed they weren’t too worried I’d try to escape. Not that I had anywhere to go, even if I could. It was one thing to think about fleeing Laytrii, quite another a whole nest of Simathe in their own stronghold.
Slumping against the door, I allowed my eyes to slide shut. The idea of bathing with no lock on the door in a fortress full of men made me really uncomfortable. I did not want to do it.
On the other hand…
I opened my eyes and slid a glance toward that inviting tub of hot water. I was wet and muddy, and I did need a bath.
What the heck.
Pushing away from the door, I began fumbling with the belt of braided leather around my waist. They’d knocked so far. Surely they would continue to. They’d better. I was, after all, the alleged Artan, which had to mean I deserved my space. I just hoped they’d see it that way.
Sliding off the belt, I dropped it onto the bed next to the pile of provided clothing. Peeling off my cloak, boots, and stockings, I left them in a wet heap on the floor. Afterward, I stripped off my soggy clothes, leaving them to lie where they fell. Untying the leather thong from my braid, I pitched it onto the bed and gave my head a shake to loosen my wet hair. The dark strands slapped my bare skin, clinging to my shoulders.
With my fingertips, I gently touched the necklace Aerisia’s High Elder had placed around my neck. Fingering the golden chain, I debated whether or not to remove it for my bath. Though Lord Elgrend hadn’t instructed me not to take it off, I had the feeling there was something…special about this piece of jewelry. Something that made me loathe to remove it, even for the short amount of time required to bathe. In the end, I simply left it on.
My fingers trembling from the chill air, I sorted through everything the Simathe had left on my bed. There were clothes, but I also found soap wrapped in a washcloth and a length of toweling. Grabbing these last two items, I tiptoed across the chilly floor and climbed into the tub, leaving the soap and towel on the floor beside me.
Ah, sweet bliss.
Submerging my cold, aching body into the heavenly warmth of the bathwater, I relaxed, letting it wash away unpleasant memories, trail dust, and physical pain. Even as I mellowed, unsettling memories disturbed the peace: memories of my first warm bath in Laytrii’s palace and the subsequent attack by the creature calling itself Jonase.
I winced, forced that particular memory away. I don’t need this, I told myself. I’m safe here—safe! Nobody would dare attack me in Treygon. Even if they did, Ilgard would be here for me like he was last time.
Ilgard…
Strange, but the first time I’d met the man, after a fashion, was in the wake of that terrifying attack. Since then, he’d been a constant in my life. I couldn’t figure him out and wasn’t particularly sure I wanted to. Cold, stern, and forbidding, he was clearly a man used to authority and comfortable in that position. He made me nervous, could really freak me out. But for all that, and even though he was never technically nice, he did sometimes have his moments. We’d been through some rough stretches together, and he’d never failed to help me when I needed him.
Duty—it had to be his sense of duty. Obviously, the man didn’t care a lick for me as a person, especially as a woman. Still, he was sworn to protect me, right? And I supposed that meant being halfway decent when I wasn’t annoying him too badly.
I scrunched up my nose. Men, who needs ’em anyway? And him, especially?
With that settled, I determined not to think of the hardened High-Chief and his stoic warriors but just to let my mind go blank and enjoy my bath. However, in spite of my best efforts, I was aching for home, and memories of it came pressing past the void I was trying to create. Tears leaked from under closed lids as loneliness bore down on my soul.
I wanted my mom and dad. My home. My brother and sisters—George, Sammie, Harli Jean. My orange kitty, Hobbes. My own bed and favorite pillow. A soak in a real bathtub, followed by a hot shower, using my favorite shampoo and conditioner. Warm pajamas, decorated with cartoon animals. Fuzzy slippers. A real hairbrush. Thick socks. A mug of steaming, black coffee. Curling up on the couch in the den, watching a classic movie, Ben Hur. Or a musical, like Phantom of the Opera. Or maybe something to make me laugh—Napoleon Dynamite.
I could use a good laugh right about now, I thought sadly.
Truthfully, the list of things I could’ve asked for went on and on.
*   *   *
Awhile later, the bathwater was getting cold, and I realized I was going to fall asleep in the tub if I didn’t get out soon. Using the supplied soap and washcloth, I gave my body a good scrubbing. Afterward, I washed and rinsed my hair with the bucket of water I discovered on the other side of the tub, presumably left for that purpose.
These guys may not have much experience around women, I decided, but at least they have a basic idea of a guest’s needs.
When both dirt and soap were rinsed away and the bucket empty, I reluctantly climbed out. Gingerly, I placed first one foot, then the other, on the cold stone floor, scowling at the chill.
Then again, maybe not. They obviously forgot a rug to stand on.
I dried off as quickly as I could, wrapped the toweling around my hair, and went over to the bed to examine the borrowed clothing. It was an outfit like the Simathe serving men had worn. Although older and somewhat worn, the clothing looked clean and comfortable.
A pair of white trousers, loose and flowing on me, sat low on my hips, pooling about my ankles. Over my head went an indigo tunic, which laced halfway up the front. Pulling the ties loosely together, I fastened the ends in a bow. Even though I was only going to sleep in these things—I hoped—I found myself wishing the pants came with a drawstring so I could tighten them around my waist. Their cuffs were so long I had to roll them up to keep them from dragging on the floor.
A comb which I’d previously overlooked lay on the bed. It must’ve been hidden beneath the pile of clothing. I picked it up, pondering whether or not I had the energy to work the tangles out of my wet hair. A huge yawn cracked my jaw as I stood there thinking it over. That decided the matter. I dropped the comb onto the low stool squatting next to my bed.
Before climbing under the blankets, my practical side reasserted itself, making me scoop up the wet clothing and boots and carry them over to the hearth. Pulling up a chair, I draped the items over its back, underclothes on top. In the event my other belongings didn’t arrive in time, I knew I’d want some personal clothing when I had to leave my room. Hopefully, they’d dry while I slept. My boots, I lined up beside the chair.
Tasks completed, I spread my hands over the cheery blaze, enjoying its warmth until serious lack of sleep forced me to slip into bed. After burrowing my tired body into the soft blankets and sheets, it didn’t take long to lose myself in the forgetfulness of slumber.
Chapter Thirty-Five
Awakening the Artan
 
Striding briskly down the hall, the Simathe High-Chief made his way toward the bedchamber housing Treygon’s newest arrival. Torches in carved sconces placed every few feet along the coarse stone walls flickered as he walked past, casting his shadow on the opposite wall. His young charge had slept the day away, and the torches had been lit for the duration of the evening and night hours. Although not a necessity for the Simathe, it was a tradition begun soon after Treygon was first built—a bit of normalcy to remind them they were Aerisian, not just Simathe.
Outside her door, he raised a fist to rap sharply on the dark wood. No response. Frowning, he hesitated before trying again. Only silence whispered from within. Surely she’d not attempted another foolish escape—it was impossible! He’d taken no chances with her. One of the warriors stationed at either end of the corridor would have easily quelled such an effort.
Still, knowing that endeavoring to escape was not beyond this young woman, he didn’t bother knocking a third time. Turning the handle and pushing the door open, he entered the room, sharp eyes darting about the chamber.
The tub in which she’d bathed was full of water. Clothing hung from the chair she must have dragged in front of the stone fireplace, her boots placed neatly next to it. The fire had burned down to embers, leaving the air slightly chilled. The only sound in the room was the soft breathing coming from the bed, meaning she remained asleep. Apparently his knocking and entering had neither fazed nor awakened her. Curious in spite of himself, the warrior-lord moved closer on silent feet and peered down.
She lay on her side, the heavy coverlet pulled to her chin hiding any hint of her shape. Brown hair fanned out like waves on the white pillow behind her, and long eyelashes, delicately tipped, rested on lightly flushed cheeks. Lost in slumber, she looked as innocent as a child. The warrior caught a smile when he contrasted this image with the one she’d presented early this morning: standing there wet and muddy, her back stiff, refusing to obey his command to look at him. For a moment, with her chin held stubbornly high, she had appeared every bit as queenly as Laytrii herself.
Leaning over, he placed a heavy hand on her shoulder. “My lady?” He shook her gently. “My lady, time to awaken.”
Her breathing stilled, those curled eyelashes fluttering slowly open. She stared blankly in the same direction for a moment, then rolled over onto her back, lifting her face to his. Sleepy eyes of brown and green captured his. She smiled a soft, little smile.
“Hey,” she whispered.
Getting some rest must have taken the sharp edge off her previous ill humor.
“Good evening.”
She sat up in bed. He retreated a few steps, watching the blankets slide from her shoulders to pool in her lap. A yawn came, which she covered with a small hand. At its end, she shook her head slightly as though to clear it, pushing the hair from her face.
“So what’s up?”
What’s up?
He wasn’t entirely certain of her meaning, but didn’t bother questioning her about it. “It is time. We will dine, and then—”
“Oh yeah.” She cut him off mid-sentence. “I forgot…the Joining. Do we really have to?”
Big, soft eyes peering up through thick, black lashes pleaded their own subtle message. Choosing to ignore their appeal, the warrior nodded curtly, offering no spoken response.
A sigh. “Okay, whatever. If we must, we must. I mean, it’s not like I’ve exactly got any choice in the matter, even though I am supposed to be this Artan person with all this supposed great power—which I’ve seen little of, by the way…”
Her grumbling continued as she climbed out of bed and stood beside it, rubbing her bare upper arms. “Man, it’s cold in here. The fire’s died down, too,” she added, glancing first at the hearth then back to him. “Don’t suppose my clothes and stuff are here, are they?”
“My apologies, Lady Hannah. They are not.”
“Darn it!” she exclaimed. To him, “Do you suppose it’ll be that long before they do get here? Can we maybe wait until they do? I mean, I’m not exactly keen on the idea of leaving my room in what I’ve got on now or what I was wearing yesterday. They haven’t been washed, and probably aren’t dry yet, either.”
He shook his head. “I cannot say when my men will return.” Gesturing toward her clothing, he remarked, “Wear what you please, but make haste.”
Not giving her a chance to protest or reply, he quit her bedchamber, taking up a position outside her door to wait.
It would be better if her belongings had arrived, or if she did wear her clothing of the night before, whatever its condition. The apparel he’d sent for her use was far too large. It did nothing but make her appear even more delicate and fragile than she usually did. Never mind being clad in men’s attire: she’d looked decidedly feminine as she stood there with uncombed hair spilling about her bare shoulders, the rolled-up cuffs of her pants dragging the floor behind her ankles. The loosely gathered laces of the shirt had gapped slightly, allowing eye-catching glimpses of ivory skin beneath.
A woman, even the Artan, was not something they needed at Treygon, the High-Chief concluded. Having her here was clearly not going to simplify his life.
Chapter Thirty-Six
Dinner
 
I sighed, long and loud. Getting some sleep in a real bed had been just what the doctor ordered. I’d felt great when I woke up. However, only a couple of minutes in the Simathe lord’s miserable company had already altered my mood for the worse. Feeling somewhat despondent, I moved toward the fireplace and my clothing hanging over the chair. Most items were still damp and definitely still muddy. Thank goodness my underclothes were the exception. Those, I could wear.
I put the Simathe clothing on over my own personal items, then plunked down on the edge of the bed to comb out the tangles in my hair. It wasn’t easy, and my eyes smarted with the pain. The homemade soap I’d used last night lacked the detangling effects of a high-quality conditioner, and this comb wasn’t as effective for the job as a brush might’ve been. Nevertheless, I kept at it until I could pull the comb’s teeth easily through the length of my hair. Wishing for a mirror, I had to content myself with blindly pulling my hair into a simple ponytail, around which I tied the leather thong worn yesterday.
Since I had nothing except this morning’s murky bathwater still standing in the tub with which to wash my face, I decided to skip that altogether. My stockings and boots were far too wet and muddy to even consider putting on, and I swear a pain shot through the blister on my pinkie toe at the very idea.
Fine. Guess I’ll have to go barefoot, then. Sure hope the floors out there aren’t as cold as in here, though.
I straightened my necklace between the tightly laced folds of the borrowed tunic, drawing strength from the gem, and feeling ready as I’d ever be to face what would be thrown at me tonight.
*   *   *
The Simathe High-Chief waited patiently outside my door, that annoyingly obscure expression on his face. Did the man even have emotions?
Should’ve fooled around, taken my sweet time, and made him wait forever. All men hate that. Next time, I think I will. We’ll see if he keeps his cool then. Ha!
Unaware of my scheming, he started off without comment and I fell into step beside him. Apprehension was beginning to curdle in my stomach, driving away any hunger pangs. I wasn’t sure I’d be able to eat anything when we reached the dining hall, which is where I supposed we were heading since he’d mentioned something about dining.
Lost in my own contemplations, I was surprised when my companion disturbed the peace by observing, “No shoes, my lady?”
I shot him a sour look. “My boots were wet, and my other shoes haven’t arrived yet. And you were the one who just couldn’t wait until my stuff got here.”
No apology. Ignoring my ire, he kept his eyes frontward. “Somehow I get the feeling you’re not too ashamed or worried about it, either,” I observed sulkily.
Silence.
Exasperated, I halted, planting my hands on my hips. He continued a pace or two before realizing I wasn’t there. When he swiveled about to check on me, I snapped, “Are you always this annoying, or am I just lucky today?”
Nothing.
He only stared, then, “This way, my lady,” and motioned me to come along.
“Oh!” I huffed, stomping past him.
How insufferable can you be?
There was no more speech between us the rest of the way. Leaving the hall, we proceeded toward a large, open room. From its four corners branched off four more hallways. Crossing silently, we headed toward the far end of the room, where tremendous double doors were thrown wide to admit entry to another space. From within came subdued murmurings and the clinking of silverware.
I paused at the huge doorway, peeking inside before entering. Thick, black wooden beams crisscrossed the vaulted ceiling that soared high overhead. Long wooden tables were placed in rows of two on both sides of the hall. Another table at the head of the room was situated crossways to these, making five in all. Men were seated on both sides of the tables, around thirty at each, I would say.
When we appeared in the doorway, all muffled conversation ceased. As if on cue, every head in that place turned, every pitch-black eye fastening itself on me. A shiver ran down my spine. So many Simathe, and all with the same hard, expressionless faces as their High-Chief.
“My lady.” Lord Ilgard beckoned me to precede him.
“Where to?” I whispered from the corner of my mouth.
“There are two vacant places at the head table.”
So there were. Swallowing my fears, I stepped forward, entering the room. When I did, every Simathe in the room pushed back from his seat at the table. Climbing to their feet, they stood in silent respect as I trod down the hall, passing between the eerily hushed tables. A soft, dull red runner stretched the length of the floor, warm and comfortable to my bare feet as I padded along. Heads turned, eyes latching onto our backs as the two of us made our way toward the empty chairs at the middle of the head table.
Once there, my escort pulled out the low-backed wooden chair, surprising me with a courtly display of old-fashioned good manners, especially since I’d pretty much figured him for a clod with little or no experience around women. Maybe I’d been too quick to judge, even if he did spare no time for casual conversation or social niceties. When I sat, he helped scoot my chair up to the table before taking the seat next to me. Finally, our fellow diners moved en masse to do the same.
Food was brought by Simathe underlings dressed in clothing similar to mine. Most looked fairly young, and some couldn’t have been more than ten or eleven years old. Regardless of their youth, they all shared the inky black braids and ebony, pupil-less eyes of their older counterparts. They moved about the hall on silent feet, serving hot food and pouring wine into unadorned goblets.
Raising my own cup, I took a cautious sip of the ruby liquid. My experience with alcohol was rather limited, but this was pretty good—a lot better than the watered-down mixture Ilgard had offered me on the trail.
The food on my plate wafted an appetizing aroma, reawakening my hunger. Picking up the heavy fork, I took a small bite. The meat was tender, the vegetables crisp, and the seasonings on both just right. I discovered I was famished, not having eaten a thing since late yesterday afternoon. I ended up devouring the meal and probably scandalized my hosts with how much I packed away, although of course they didn’t show it.
When I’d eaten enough to blunt the sharp edge of hunger, I slowed down a bit to unobtrusively study my companions. They were eating slowly, methodically, any earlier interest in watching me now gone. In fact, they ignored me altogether and hardly spoke at all, even among themselves.
Okay, I’d heard of the proverbial man of few words, but this was ridiculous.
As soon as I polished off the second helping of food on my plate, a young man took it and placed before me a bowl containing some sort of heavy cream flecked with specks of cinnamon. I had no clue what it was, but I was game and used my spoon to lift a tiny taste to my lips. The dessert was sweet, rich, and melted on the tongue. My eyes slid closed, and I nearly moaned aloud. It was the most delicious thing I’d tasted in nearly a week. I reopened my eyes to find the man seated on my right—Lord Norband, the Simathe Chief Captain—studying me with a humorous gleam in his dark eyes.
“It is to your liking, my lady?”
I flashed him a grin. “Wow, it’s so awesome.”
A smile broke over the hard planes of his face, and the man actually chuckled. Grinning smugly, I put another bite in my mouth, stealing a glance at Lord Ilgard. He wasn’t smiling, and didn’t appear the least bit amused. If anything, his expression was colder than ever.
My joy fled, and my gaze dropped to the tabletop. Was he mad at me for making one of his men break his stony silence and, heaven forbid, actually laugh? I risked another sideways peek. He was consuming his own dish of cinnamon and cream in brooding silence, dead seriousness stamped on his humorless features.
Well, at least he wasn’t glowering at me. Maybe something else was on his mind.
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Discussion
 
Now that she was well-rested and had eaten, Lady Hannah had visibly relaxed. She must have pushed aside for the time being unwanted thoughts of what lay ahead. Would that he could do likewise, yet Ilgard found he could not. After tonight, his life would not be the same.
Adrift in thought, the Simathe High-Chief hearkened back to the private words exchanged earlier with Lord Contrey, one of Treygon’s eldest, most honored warriors.
A deeply respected man, Lord Contrey would have been chosen High-Chief long ago had he desired it. But when asked, the man had declined, saying he would rather spend as little time in Laytrii, among his fellow Aerisians, as possible. Contrey had experienced too much of human weakness and frailty, betrayal, and mistrust in his many centuries years of life. The duties of Treygon’s High-Chief required that man spend a measured amount of time in Laytrii each year, fulfilling his obligation as Pronconcil. To avoid this fate, Lord Contrey had gladly cast his vote in favor of Ilgard taking his stead.
Earlier in the afternoon, while the young Artan slumbered away the hours, Contrey had come to his lord’s personal chambers for a word.
Finished eating, Ilgard leaned back in his chair, twirling his spoon idly between thumb and forefinger while recalling their conversation, which had begun with a soft rap on his door.
*   *   *
“My lord High-Chief?”
“Contrey? Enter.”
The door opened and shut, admitting the older man into Ilgard’s chambers.
Contrey didn’t await an invitation but made free to take an unoccupied chair before the hearth. There was no need for ceremony when no others were about. Not only had Lord Contrey mentored him through much of his warrior’s training, each had each defended the other many times in battle. Lord Contrey was a teacher, an advisor, a friend, a brother…which was why he’d felt compelled to seek out his lord on this matter.
“The journey was arduous, my lord?”
He opened the dialogue with a simple query.
Ilgard did not lift his gaze from the fire he was building. “Aye, though harder have I seen.”
“But never in such fair company, I daresay.”
His High-Chief’s head came up, and he pinned his companion with an unfriendly stare.
“Your meaning?”
The older warrior permitted no amusement to manifest itself upon his carefully schooled features. Waving a hand in dismissal, he brushed aside the subject.
“My lord,” he began slowly, “I wish to speak with you.”
“Of her?”
The reply was swift, abrupt. This man was no simpleton.
“Aye, of her.”
“What of her?”
Pausing, Lord Contrey wrestled ?with how to state what he’d come to say. Their lengthy friendship notwithstanding, one did not lightly offend the Simathe High-Chief. He leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs, clasping strong hands loosely.
“You are aware, my lord, that I am one of few Simathe ever to undergo Joining.”
“I am aware.”
“Then you will understand that I speak from personal knowledge. This…Joining with the lass, regardless of her call as Artan, will not be a painless task. This is no matter to be lightly regarded.”
Rising from the hearth, Ilgard went to a side table, where he proceeded to pour a drink for himself and his guest.
“Do you take me for a fool, Contrey?”
“Nay, my lord. Not a fool—never that.”
“Then why these useless remarks? Surely you cannot think I’ve not considered these matters.”
“Considered? Aye. Fully understood? Perhaps not.”
“Explain yourself, my friend.”
Authority laced that voice and Contrey did not miss it, even as his High-Chief proceeded to serve him as he would an honored guest.
“My meaning, High-Chief, is this: I have Joined once, as few among us have done. As you know, Joining has only ever been undertaken with some man of great importance, one whose safety was then paramount. Never has a Simathe Joined with a woman. But even laying that aside, it is never a simple, easy task to Join. Never. All who have done it would say the same.”
Ilgard nodded. “Continue.”
He did. “Joining with a fellow man for the sake of his life is a hard task. However, Joining with a woman will be thrice as challenging. To Join with another is to feel all that they feel, to suffer as they do. It is to know their joys and fears, their happiness and woe. It is to continually carry another presence with you, a heavy burden you cannot lay down until their death. You cannot remove yourself from them, nor relinquish their presence. You are never truly alone, for this awareness ever remains.
“So intertwined is their being with your consciousness that, in time, not only do you become responsible for their welfare but their contentment, as well. My lord,” he went on, “you know other men—they are not like us. They are apt at any point to play the coward, and they lack the ability to suppress what they feel. Sorely do they try one’s patience.”
Contrey smiled wryly. “Had it not been for the vows I made, I would have been tempted to run a sword through my charge, so greatly did he vex me.
“So this I say to you, because I am your friend: beware, my lord. Women are inexplicable creatures. Indeed, I judge that the men who woo and wed them never fully comprehend their ways. Your Joining with the Artan will undoubtedly be far thornier than any of ours, for she will differ from you in ways a male of her kind would not.
“However, she is no ordinary woman. If she is truly the Artan, it is quite possible her lifespan may be lengthened beyond those of her people, and extended yet more by being linked to yours.”
He stopped—“You are aware of these things?”
Ilgard inclined his head. “Aye. You seek to warn me of the hardships inherent with any Joining, and of the likelihood that the bond I share with the Artan will be of longer duration than any other. Not merely longer but more perplexing, seeing she is a woman.”
“Aye.”
The High-Chief straightened his shoulders, gaze calm. “All that you say I’ve considered, and more. Howbeit, I value your advice and shall heed your counsel.”
“Very well, my lord. Such was my intent in addressing you.”
Swallowing the rest of his drink, Contrey set the cup aside and rose to leave. Yet upon reaching the door he stopped, turning back to his friend.
“My lord?”
Ilgard looked up from his wine.
“Aye?”
Again the older man hesitated, tapping his scarred fingers restlessly on the wooden doorframe.
“One final word of warning would I give,” he said at length. “She is not Simathe, as you know, so curb your spirit toward her. Bear in mind that the bond will vary greatly in her mind: far less will she know of you than you of her. She will not experience things as you do.”
“Is that all?”
Contrey did not falter, but declared what he felt he must with as much care as possible. “She…because she is a woman—and not an uncomely lass, at that—the vexations of Joining with her could change, after a time, to something different.”
His master’s face, voice, tightened. “What is your meaning, my friend?”
“Only this, my lord,” the other replied, voice cool and hands gone still. “Guard well your heart.”
With that cryptic message he departed, leaving Treygon’s High-Chief alone with his gloomy deliberations.
*   *   *
Ilgard, at last, pulled his thoughts back to the present. Beside him sat the subject of their lengthy conversation. Finished eating, she was now glancing about the dining hall, unmistakable interest in her oddly colored eyes. Leaning over, he placed a hand on the slender forearm resting atop the table. She started, eyes wide when she looked up at him.
“It is time,” he stated simply.
Chapter Thirty-Eight
The Joining
 
Gut panic, combined with an animal instinct to bolt and hide, hit me at those quiet words, It is time. Time for my life to be changed forever. Time for me to lose myself…in this man?
I honestly thought I’d made an uneasy peace with the idea of Joining, accepting it as inevitable. Now I found that wasn’t true. With the unknown staring me in the face, every primal urge shouted for me to run, to fight, to do anything but submit.
Licking lips suddenly gone dry, I whispered to the man beside me, “C’mon, Ilgard, let’s not do this. Please, I’m begging you. Just let it go, please!”
Blank stare. I made so bold as to cover the hand he rested on the tabletop with my own, gripping it tight while trying again. “What is with you? Please, just let it go. Let me go. I can’t do this!”
Fire flashed in those black eyes. Jerking free of my hold, he swept both of my hands under the tabletop where he clutched them in rough, calloused fingers.
“Look at me, my lady,” he lashed out. “Do you think I desire this any more than you? I tell you it is not so. Yet duty compels us both.” Ebony eyes scorched my face. “Now, will you come willingly, or must I carry you out over my shoulder like a recalcitrant child?”
Rage hit at the thinly veiled insult. “You don’t have to carry me anywhere. Let me go!”
He flung away rather than released my hands. “Then say no more. What is to be, must be. Let us be gone.”
Fury replaced all fear, if only temporarily. I shot to my feet. “Fine!”
Pushing back my chair with a vicious scrape, I stomped away from the table, bare feet slapping the stone steps. Marching down the central runner, I ignored the Simathe who once again rose, standing in silent respect while I stormed past. I didn’t bother checking to see if their High-Chief was following. As soon as I cleared the door, I moved aside to lean against the wall, arms folded stiffly across my chest and lips pressed together.
Soon, the echoes of muted footsteps heralded Lord Ilgard exiting the dining hall, closely followed by his Chief Captain and four other men.
“Took you long enough,” I snapped, pulling away from the wall.
No response.
He started off down the corridor and I fell into step beside him. I think he walked fast on purpose so I would have to practically run to keep up—which I did. The other five Simathe in the narrow passageway pressed around and behind us, leaving no room for me to slow down.
“Jerk,” I whispered under my breath, glaring at the lead Simathe.
If he heard the insult he gave no indication, retaining that perfect, infuriating, Simathe calm. Evidently, the little rise of anger I’d managed to provoke at the dinner table would be the only show of passion I’d get from the man.
He led the way through long, twisting hallways toward another large wooden door. Here, we halted. He pulled a key dangling from a leather cord out from under his jerkin and used it to unlock the door. He motioned me to enter first. I obeyed, stepping into a tiny room whose only feature was a narrow spiral staircase, winding its way up, up, up, and up.
I felt Ilgard brush past me, taking the stairs first. Grasping the carved, wooden banister attached to the wall, I went after him, making the steep ascent as speedily as I dared. The stairs were sheer, winding, and before long I was tiring. My bare feet ached mercilessly; still, up we went. There was no railing guarding the other side—nothing but a sheer dropoff. As we climbed the stairs I clung to the wall, not daring to release my death grip on the railing or move even an inch closer to the opposite side of those narrow steps.
By the time we finally reached the top, I was flagging and breathing hard. The Simathe leader, suffering no similar ill effects, used the same key to unlock the door facing us and disappeared inside. Before doing likewise, I leaned against the doorjamb a moment in order to catch my breath. This gave me an opportunity to peek inside.
The room was very dark. The only light was that which slanted in from the tower behind me, which wasn’t much. I entered cautiously and stepped to the side, permitting the others to file in behind me. Slowly, my eyes began to adjust to the darkness.
When the last warrior entered, closing the door behind him, the seven of us were effectively sealed inside. At the same time, our sole source of light was severed. It became so dark I couldn’t see my hand in front of my face and so hushed I could hear my companions breathing. A warm hand touched my arm and I jumped, gasping out a name.
“Ilgard?”
“Come, my lady.”
Grasping my elbow, he guided me with sure steps to what I assumed was the center of this tower chamber. Above us, a square section of the roof now slid back with soft creaks, revealing a patch of nighttime sky liberally sprinkled with stars. Soft light brightened the area. Although I could scarcely distinguish the set features of the warrior before me, his eyes—a deeper black than shadows at night—gleamed brightly, unnaturally in the gloom. The Simathe night vision?
I caught a breath when he pulled his sword from its sheath and slowly raised it before his face. The men accompanying us now stepped close, the five of them forming a tight circle around their High-Chief and myself. Steel sighed as they also freed their blades, positioning them in front of their faces.
Self-preservation impelled me to take a nervous half step backward, and I bumped into the man behind me. Panicking, I whirled to face him and again jolted backward, this time narrowly avoid hitting the High-Chief. Lurching aside, I forced myself to stop and be still, although I couldn’t quit shivering in the cool air. Peering from one sword-covered face to the next, I nervously rubbed my upper arms in a vain attempt to get rid of the gooseflesh raised by fear as well as cold.
The first ray of moonlight dropped through the opening above, spilling onto the floor where Ilgard and I stood. As it did, all of the men—excluding their High-Chief—took two even steps backward. I gulped, gazing up fearfully at the man looming over me. Lowering his sword, he stretched it out before him, its deadly tip level with my waist. I tracked its movements with wide eyes, unable to look away. That first shimmering moonbeam now lay cold upon the blade’s point.
“Lady Hannah?” The quiet words came from somewhere behind me. “The time has come. In agreeing to Join with another, will you accept the protection of this sword and the warrior who offers it?”
Ilgard’s eyes caught mine. Under their steady assault, I couldn’t have refused any more than I could have stolen his sword and pierced myself with it.
“Yes,” I finally choked out.
Time crept by, long seconds spent unable to avert my gaze from the towering Simathe lord. That eerie black stare bordered on hypnotism. As a full moon rose leisurely over the mountains, more light spilled into the room from the open, glassless skylight high above. When a shaft of it nearly filled the entire opening, splashing coldly over the two of us directly below, the previously silent High-Chief spoke.
“My lady, forasmuch as you have accepted the protection of my sword, hereby do I swear to you my fealty, binding you to myself in the act of Joining…a bond severed only by death.
“Take up my sword.”
My trembling hands closed around the hilt he offered, but the weapon was heavier than expected, and I faltered. The tip swept dangerously toward the floor until the warrior closed his fingers over mine, catching it up. Together, we lifted the heavy blade high into the air between us, piercing the moonbeams shining down.
Looking up, I witnessed the last inch of space in that skylight suddenly fill with moonlight. At that instant, an inexplicably bright shaft of white streaked downward, enclosing both of us in its glimmering embrace. A gust of wind rushed in, swirling round and around, threatening to knock me off my feet. Its roar filled my ears, while a pressure from the outside built against my quivering body. I gritted my teeth against the onslaught, saw Ilgard close his eyes a split second before my own slid shut.
Suddenly, I was aware of nothing but him: Ilgard. There was nothing—nothing in the world except the High-Chief and me, the two of us swathed in moonlight with nothing but his sword between us. I could tangibly feel his presence, his nearness. It felt as if he, or his spirit—I don’t know which—stood threateningly close and all the while moved closer to enter me and take possession of my soul. I could hear his breath, feel his heartbeat, feel the blood coursing through his veins as if it was my own…
A second blast of wind blew me forward and I stumbled, losing my grip on the sword. I plunged to my knees, and just like that it was gone: the wind, the total awareness of the black-eyed warrior before me, even the brilliantly strong shaft of moonlight. All had slipped away, leaving a mild, white glow in their place, a glow that suffused the whole chamber with softness. It might’ve been comforting had this whole ritual not been so bizarre.
Knocked for a loop, I knelt on the floor, breathing hard. Waves of dizziness swept over me. My head hung low while I fought the nausea. And then arms were closing about me, lifting me to my feet. Even without looking, I somehow knew who it was, knew it just as surely as I knew my own name. My head drooped against his shoulder as his arms wrapped around my waist, pulling me close.
“Ilgard?”
I whispered his name helplessly, darkness creeping in at the corners of my vision. My limbs went numb, and I toppled into unconsciousness.
Part Three
Joined
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Confronting the High-Chief
 
During the next week I kept to my room, seeing and speaking to practically no one. Meals were delivered to my door, a soft rap announcing their arrival. However, when I stepped out in the hall to retrieve them, nobody would be in sight. My clothing and personal effects arrived one night while I slept. Next morning, when I went to get my breakfast I found them lined neatly against the wall in the hallway. I did have to get one of the guards stationed at the end of the corridor to come help me move the trunks into my room, but other than that I kept to myself and the Simathe left me alone.
Throughout this period of solitude, I mentally replayed each and every incident comprising my life thus far in Aerisia. Every word spoken, each legend and story I’d been told, every scene of humor, anguish, joy, or terror. As I did, I ran an emotional gamut from disbelief, fear, and anger—the most prevailing emotion of all—to loneliness, grief, and homesickness. I’m not going lie, I shed my fair share of tears. I wanted so badly to go home. To see my family just once more would’ve been the greatest gift anyone could have given me.
Now I regretted deeply not having taken the time to say goodbye, at least in my heart, to my life on Earth and the people I’d loved. I wished I’d done what Risean had recommended. Still, how could I have possibly known what was coming? No way could I have foreseen everything would happen or even now guess what the future might bring.
During one of these inward journeys, I rose from my bed where I’d been curled up with my pillows and a wet hankie and moved to the window, resting my head against the casement. Gazing out at the distant mountains with their green tree lines and rugged dark cliffs brought to mind the high, rocky peaks of my native Colorado. My eyelids drifted closed, and I felt tears trickle down my cheeks.
Much as I hated coming to this point, maybe it was finally time to make my farewells to my family and friends, as well as to life on Earth. All those dreams of finishing college, one day taking over the paper from my dad, and someday getting married and starting my own family… Maybe they weren’t meant to be. All that’d transpired told me it was time to let go and leave them behind—forever, I feared.
I struggled to harden my heart against bittersweet memories, to form a tenuous amity at the idea of being here. I may as well, I knew, with nothing else to lose. Everything I’d once held dear had been cruelly stripped away. Was it possible to gain some of it back? Was I truly the Artan, the woman destined to save these people from the Dark Powers? Did I possess the strength and courage to be a heroine? A savior? A deliverer?
That I didn’t know, but this I did: if I was ever going to be anything more than miserable and depressed, I had to rise above these less-than-desirable circumstances. I had to stop letting regret rule my life. I needed to find a new path, and I needed to set out on it, stick to it, and see where it might lead. Gathering my courage, I vowed to do exactly that, to leave home and everything I’d lost in the past. Obviously I would always love, regret, and miss them, but I simply couldn’t let sorrow drag me down. By accepting the inevitable, I would try to make the best of my circumstances—if any best even existed when I might have to spend the rest of my life here in a foreign land, Joined to a Simathe.
The job wouldn’t be easy, but knowing my family back home still loved and missed me gave me strength. It gave me the determination to do what I had to do. I knew they wouldn’t forget me even though they went on with their lives, just like I wouldn’t forget them as I went on with mine
*   *   *
Deciding to get on with my life and deciding how to get on with it were two very different things. I admit for the next day or two, I was still lost with how to proceed. I’d heard nothing from the Simathe High-Chief since our Joining. Did he think his duty was done, and now he planned to ignore me? Was he maybe giving me some space to adjust? Maybe he was giving himself space to adjust—who knew? What I did know was I was going to go stir crazy from boredom if I didn’t find something to do. Soon.
To keep myself occupied, I decided to sort through the belongings that’d been sent for me. Besides the modest trunk at the foot of my bed, another one, larger and far more ornate, stood in the far corner. A couple more were next to it. I hadn’t really gone through any of them yet except to retrieve basic necessities. Now, unpacking my trunks felt like opening treasure chest after treasure chest. It was nearly unbelievable all the items that had been provided for me: clothing, books, shoes, paper and ink for drawing or writing, perfume, lotions, ointments, and even a couple of old-fashioned board games—although who I was supposed to play those with, I couldn’t imagine.
I had to laugh when I imagined challenging some of the silent warriors around here to a game of Monopoly, Clue, Battleship, or any of the other games my siblings and I used to play.
Boy, that’d be a rousing match, I snickered.
All the squabbling and arguing we used to do—they’d probably think we were nuts. I could see these guys sitting down to one of those chess matches that lasted for days on end, when one player might take hours to decide a single move. Myself, I’d never had the patience for that type of thing, or any sort of game that required a great deal of strategy.
Hate to think what that says about my personality, I thought, beginning to arrange some of my new belongings. Probably nothing good about my chances of success as the Artan.
Leaving the games in their trunk, I retrieved my new mirror, comb, hairbrush, ribbons, pins, hairnets, jewelry, and various other small accessories and laid them out on the empty shelves fixed to the walls. In the trunk at the base of my bed were carefully folded dresses of a simpler nature, constructed for work and heavier wear. Some I left there, while others I removed and placed in the simple armoire taking up one corner of the room. In the most ornate trunk was an assortment of beautiful gowns, obviously intended for formal occasions. With no idea when they might be needed, I put them away with a sigh, letting my fingers rest lovingly on their soft, shimmering fabrics before closing the lid.
My shoes I lined up parallel to the wall. There were six pairs in all: leather boots, satin slippers, and sandals—one pair elegant and the other sturdy. After cleaning the boots I’d worn here, I placed them with the rest. My books went on other shelves, the pen, ink, and paper on the simple desk under my window.
Finally, having nothing further to do with myself, I went to sit on the bed, thinking about Lord Ilgard, the Simathe High-Chief. Ever since our strange Joining, thoughts of the tall warrior were never far away. They lurked beneath the surface, always ready to spring to the forefront of my brain. I flopped against the pillows with a sigh of annoyance.
Insufferable man.
Practically from the moment we met, he’d either bossed me around or tried to intimidate me. However, I hadn’t seen hide nor hair of him for nearly a week now.
Why is he avoiding me? Is he avoiding me? What am I supposed to do about him?
Rolling over onto my stomach, I bunched up a pillow under my chin, staring hard at the dark, wooden headboard as if it could unlock the secrets of the black-haired, black-eyed warrior haunting my thoughts and dreams these past few days.
Joined till death…what a thought! Would I ever be wholly myself? Did he know what I was thinking right now, at this very moment?
I sighed in frustration. Sometimes the not knowing is worse than the actual knowing. At least, that was proving to be the case here.
*   *   *
By the following evening, I’d had enough solitude, introspection, and contemplation of the enigmatic Simathe High-Chief to last me a lifetime. I decided it was time to leave my room. Time to seek him out, talk to him, and find out, What now? Now that we were inseparably Joined. It was time to have it out.
I began rummaging through my armoire and the trunk at the foot of my bed, trying to decide what to wear. In the back of my mind, I knew I wanted to make an impression…but what kind? Nothing seemed right. Among my choices were the simpler dresses I assumed passed for everyday wear among Aerisian women, and my own clothing from Earth. Then there were the beautiful gowns of silks, laces, brocades, and satins…
On my knees, I pivoted to stare at the fancifully carved trunk containing the gowns in question. Should I wear one of them? They would certainly create an impression; let the man see I was a woman.
I had to laugh at that.
Obviously Lord Ilgard of the Simathe knew I was a woman in the sense of being female, but I doubted very much that he really saw me as such—a woman, and maybe even an attractive woman at that. Yes, wearing one of those lovely dresses in the male-only hallowed halls of Treygon would certainly be a novelty.
Butterfly wings fluttered in my stomach as I decided my course. Going to the trunk containing my finery, I raised the heavy lid and sorted through its contents until I found the gown I wanted. Retrieving it carefully from the rest, I held it up, admiring the play of candlelight on its delicately woven fabric before rubbing it gently against my cheek, closing my eyes and savoring the caressing sensation.
*   *   *
Sometime later I left my bedroom, shutting the door softly behind me. My satin slippers whispered on the stone floor as I headed in the direction where (I hoped my memory wasn’t failing me) the dining hall was located. Sky-blue fabric stirred at my heels with every step, making me smile. I couldn’t deny getting all dolled up had boosted both my mood and my self-esteem.
The color of an autumn sky, the gown’s rich fabric slid over my body with the smoothness of satin. The skirt skimmed the floor, flaring at the bottom so as to ripple and sway with the tiniest of movements. Delicate, darker-blue embroidery decorated the hem and sprawled upward, contrasting gently with its lighter-colored background. A single strap over my right shoulder left the other bare, and where strap and neckline met, a silver brooch was pinned. This unusual trinket was a round hoop from which dangled four tiny tassels, also of silver. The right side of the skirt was slashed from ankle to knee, revealing a panel of sheer, white organdy.
Around my throat I wore the necklace given me by Lord Elgrend, the color of the gown a perfect foil for the stone’s whimsical beauty. My earrings were smaller versions of the gown’s shoulder brooch. I’d pulled back the hair from my face, weaving it into a silver-beribboned braid. Done up like this, I felt confident, ready to face the man who’d rocked my world by bringing me into his—into Treygon.
With minor difficulty and only one wrong turn, I found the spacious, open lobby at whose far end were the heavy double doors, now closed upon the fortress’s dining hall. Although I didn’t have a watch, I suspected this would be the place to find the Simathe and their lord. My own supper hadn’t been brought yet, and I was pretty sure it usually came around this time.
Outside the hall I hesitated, collecting my courage. Then, taking a deep breath, I placed both hands on one of the thick doors before me and gave it a push.
Chapter Forty
Grand Entrance
 
They were partaking of the evening meal when one of the doors to the dining hall unexpectedly swung inward. Ilgard felt rather than saw Norband’s hand reach for his sword. Those appointed to serve entered through one of the three small entryways behind the head table where Ilgard, his Chief Captain, and a dozen more were seated. Those not assigned elsewhere were gathered already for the first shift.
Who, then, dared to enter?
The High-Chief knew, had known since she left her chamber. The nearer she drew, the stronger his unsettling awareness of her. When she paused outside the doors, he keenly sensed the nervousness warring with anticipation. He caught a glimpse of blue, and then she was there, slipping through the door and leaning against it. It latched with a muted click. She straightened, and every warrior in the hall, taking his cue from the High-Chief and Chief Captain, rose to his feet.
Uncertainty. The desire to be seen. An urge to run away. The emotions coursing through her tingled beneath the surface of his skin.
At first she just stood there, looking about the room. Then, bravely challenging them all, she took a step forward. Then another. Then another. With head held high, she passed through the silent ranks of his men, her blue gown swishing about her feet. The sound echoed in the otherwise quiet hall.
Reaching the dais where he stood, she climbed the steps gracefully and kept moving toward him. Their eyes locked, and in the clear green and brown of hers he read resolve: a resolve to be intimidated no longer by Treygon, the Simathe, or even himself. Her chin tilted up, her gaze not wavering from his as it often did.
Breaking the visual contact, the warrior-lord dropped his own gaze, taking her in with a glance. Tonight, she was undeniably beautiful. Her gown was well suited to her coloring and frame and was undoubtedly a creation of the Spinners. Her mahogany hair shone in the golden torchlight, looking temptingly soft to the touch. When he bent to ease her chair to the table, he caught the subtle fragrance of roses.
Food was brought and, as soon as the company was seated, she began to eat. No one in the room stared openly, but more cautious glances were cast her way than the High-Chief cared to count. They had all seen women before, though never in Treygon. Bad enough to have one here at all, but when, with her small frame, oddly colored hair, and mismatched eyes, she was as different from any other as night is from day, who could withstand glancing her way? Her abrupt transformation from a frightened, barefoot waif dressed in too-large men’s clothing to a stunning noblewoman attired in an equally remarkable gown helped nothing, either.
Despite the differences both outward and inward, despite what their fellow Aerisians swore of them, despite what the Simathe may have thought of themselves, the Simathe were human. Were men.
For himself, Ilgard refused to look. He would not give her the satisfaction. No need for the lass to know how her ploy had succeeded. That Treygon’s warriors now saw her not just as a guest, not just as a girl, but as the woman she truly was. And not merely a woman, at that. Tonight she was far more. Tonight she was a queen.
The Artan.
Chapter Forty-One
Planning
 
Supper finished, Ilgard rose to pull out my chair, then surprised me by offering his arm. Taken aback, I stared stupidly for a moment before realizing what he was doing. When I did, I can’t say I didn’t feel a tiny thrill of victory.
Showed you another side tonight, didn’t I?
Obviously he’d gotten my point, because he’d never demonstrated this much respect in the past. Taking his arm, I permitted him to escort me down the central red runner, past scores of silently standing, silently watching warriors. We didn’t exchange a word until the doors had closed behind us, leaving the other Simathe behind.
There, outside the dining hall, Ilgard turned to face me. “You wished to speak with me, my lady?”
How did he—?
Oh yeah… the Joining.
I’d been told he wouldn’t be able to read my mind, per se, but would probably guess a lot of what I was thinking. Which was totally unfair—he already towered head and shoulders above me, a fact I resented. He hardly needed any more advantages over me.
I kept all this to myself, though, saying simply, “Yes, I did.”
“Very well. If my lady will accompany me to my quarters, we may speak there.”
I nodded absently, and we began walking slowly there…wherever there was. I hadn’t explored Treygon enough to have any idea how it was laid out or where his quarters might be.
Along the way, I mulled over how the evening had gone. If I’d been hoping for some slack-jawed admiration for me in this gown, I was sadly disappointed. He’d done little more than flick a glance over me before retreating into his impenetrable Simathe shell. My end of the Joining didn’t allow me to feel what he felt, so I had no way of knowing how much of an impression I’d actually made. I knew I had to have made some progress; my earlier victory confirmed it. But shouldn’t there have been a little more?
Even his men had basically ignored me, as usual. Just what did it take to get a reaction from these guys? After all, I was the only female around here, which ought to count for something. Shouldn’t they be vying for my attention? Either I was a major plain Jane, or else they were just abnormally weird…which sort of confirmed my suspicions that they fell a bit shy of being completely human.
I slid a glance up at my companion’s carved profile and couldn’t suppress a shiver. It would seem my resolve to be intimidated no longer by him and his men needed a little more work.
*   *   *
When we entered the High-Chief’s quarters, Ilgard left me to light candles while my eyes strained to pierce the gloom. At length, the lighting satisfactory, he motioned me to a chair in front of the huge hearth. There was a fire already laid, waiting to be lit, but he didn’t take the trouble to do so.
My eyes skimming the room while I lowered myself into the seat, I took stock of its furnishings, finding it all in all rather stark and bare. A great, masculine desk dominated one corner of the room, an equally large chair behind it. Bookshelves alongside the far wall met the ceiling and were filled with heavy volumes and flimsy scrolls. The walls themselves were Treygon’s common, tan-colored stone, and their only adornments were various kinds of weapons. Light from a nearby candle glinted on a particularly wicked blade with serrated edges. My lower lip curled as my vivid imagination conjured up a mental picture of that thing tearing into flesh, the strong arms of a Simathe wielding it.
Besides these few items, the candles shining from several points about the room, the two chairs before the fireplace—one of which I was sitting on—and a huge animal skin of some kind stretched between the chairs and the hearth were the room’s only other trimmings. As the Simathe lord seated himself opposite me, I pushed off my slipper to wriggle my toes through the sprawling fur. It was surprisingly plush, even though its ocher hue was pretty ugly. I peeked up to find the High-Chief watching me—or rather, watching my foot burrow around in the soft depths.
“It is to your liking, my lady?”
If he found this funny, neither the tone of his voice nor the expression on his face said so. I was hardly surprised. It was taking some getting used, but maybe I was slowly getting accustomed to looking at Ilgard and his men and seeing nothing on their faces but hard, blank nothingness. If he’d been smiling, then I think I would’ve been surprised.
“It is really soft,” I replied, hedging a forthright answer. There wasn’t much about Treygon I truly liked. “What is it?”
“Deathcat.”
“Deathcat, huh? Hey, isn’t that what you said attacked your men that night on the trail?”
“Aye, the very same.”
“Mmmm.” I raised my eyebrows as if to say, How interesting.
At a loss for what to say now, I bent to retrieve my shoe, slipping it back on. Crossing one leg over the other, I swung my foot back and forth, back and forth, waiting for something else from the man across from me. I waited in vain, for he just stared into the darkened fireplace and held his peace.
Well, this is getting us nowhere.
He was so tight lipped, and I was nervous. If this kept up, we’d never get anyplace.
Looks like it’s up to me, just like always, I sighed.
“Ilgard?” I began, dropping formalities for good. Somehow, after everything we’d been through, it felt awkward to call him by his formal title.
Those alien black eyes flicked up. “My lady?”
“We…we need to talk.”
“As you wish.”
Staring up at the ceiling high overhead, I knotted the fingers in my lap.
“Now that we’ve been Joined, I—I need to know what I’m supposed to do. I mean—” here I met the solemn gaze fastened on my face “—what am I going to be doing here at Treygon? Am I supposed to stay on here, or will you take me back to Laytrii, now that we’re Joined?”
“For the time being, my lady, you will remain here. You are free to do as you please, so long as you remain within Treygon’s walls.”
Disappointment seeped in. I’d really been hoping the plan was to return to Laytrii, but it looked as if that wasn’t to be.
“You are displeased.”
My head snapped up. “What?”
He nodded toward me. “You are dissatisfied.”
“Wait, how’d you know that?”
I didn’t think I’d shown too much on my face, so how had he—
Oh, yeah. Duh, the Joining. He can read your emotions like a book now.
I offered him a weak smile. “Sorry, you took me by surprise. I knew about the Joining and its effects and everything, but when you said what I feeling out loud—well, you took me surprise, is all.”
He said nothing. An uncomfortable silence fell, which I finally broke by asking, “So…what were you saying a minute ago?”
“I was saying freedom is yours,” he went on with his explanation, “so long as you obey all commands laid down for your protection. And there will be certain requirements.”
“Requirements? You mean like chores?”
“No,” he denied, shaking his head, but I thought I caught a glint of humor in his black eyes. “No, not chores, but duties. The time for training has arrived. You begin on the morrow.”
With that, he got to his feet, signaling our audience was at an end. Well, maybe he thought this short explanation was sufficient, but I didn’t!
Jumping to my feet, I blurted out, “What kind of training? They told me someone was supposed to help me with all this magic, Artan stuff.” A brow rose suspiciously. “Don’t tell me that’s you?”
“Nay, my lady. We Simathe leave all matters of that nature to fairies and Moonkind. You will be trained here as others are in this place.”
My eyes sprang open. “You mean Simathe training? Like, as in to be a warrior?”
“Precisely.”
“What the heck for? I’m not a warrior. I’m…well, I’m not exactly the Artan either, but that’s what you all seem to think, and—”
“It is for your protection, Lady Hannah,” the warrior-lord cut in smoothly, “and a necessity, I assure you.
“Come, I will escort you to your chamber.”
Capturing my elbow in a firm hold, he proceeded to usher me efficiently from his room and toward my own. I had no choice except to submit and go along with him. Apparently, his word was law around here, and once he made up his mind, his decisions were final.
It looked like I’d be starting warrior training tomorrow.
Chapter Forty-Two
Disaster
 
Yawning, I opened the door the next morning to admit a young man bearing a tray of food for my breakfast. Placing it on the low table I indicated, he bowed, exiting the room as silently as he’d entered. Alone, I stared sleepily at the tray, wondering why it’d been brought so early.
Oh yeah, warrior training or something.
Frowning, I went to make my bed, wishing I could burrow back into their warm haven for more sleep. I didn’t dare, though. If I’d learned one thing during my time spent in Aerisia, it was that the Simathe High-Chief got what he wanted. If I failed to show up, he’d doubtless come drag me out of bed himself. No point in arguing. Besides, I was betting since we were Joined, he knew whether I was awake or asleep. Added to that, he probably also knew when I left my bedroom.
I smiled wryly as I crossed to pick up the tray. Or if I stayed in it.
Fine. He could have his way: I’d come down for training. He probably wouldn’t be happy with my performance, though. I wouldn’t call myself heavy, but I sure wasn’t skinny, either. Nor would I ever dare call myself an athlete. I did jog some, but that was about it since I’d graduated high school and left mandatory P.E. classes behind.
Back in school, however, I had taken archery and done well. My dad was an avid bow hunter, and mastering the craft had been a way of bonding with him. I realized the bows here at Treygon and those used by my dad and me would probably be different, but back home I’d been a good shot. Maybe the Simathe lord would let me stick to archery practice. If he did, I might not make too big an idiot of myself.
After eating, I sorted through my clothing a second time. Just what did one wear for warrior training, anyhow? The best I could come up with was either my jeans or the divided skirt I’d worn on the ride here, paired with my T-shirt from back home. I laid the jeans and skirt across my bed and was standing over them, trying to decide, when someone knocked. Barefoot, I padded across the cool, stone floor to answer.
“Yes?” I opened the door a crack.
“My apologies, Lady Hannah.” It was the same young Simathe who’d delivered my breakfast. “The High-Chief sends this to you. It has just arrived from the Spinners.” An awkward bundle, heavy and large, was handed through the door.
I thanked him and closed the door, leaving him to go about his business. Hefting the unwieldy package over to the bed, I dropped it and bent to unfasten its leather strap. Peeling away the oilskin covering, I reached in, withdrawing a wide, leather belt. Following this were several others items, which I spread out on the bed.
Wow. Somebody must’ve known about this in advance.
The parcel contained two changes of clothing, both of them obviously intended for warrior training. One had a jerkin of hardened leather laced up the front with leather cords. Molded and shaped to fit the curves of a woman’s body, it was thick enough to offer some protection in battle and lined on the underside with soft linen. Next came a knee-length skirt of heavy, canvas-like fabric. A wide leather belt buckled around the waist, and gauntlets waited to close over my wrists. The other getup was a little more practical, perhaps: a little more me. Dark breeches—two pairs, black and brown—were paired with a long-sleeved shirt, over which went a thick, quilted vest fancifully embroidered with swirling designs.
I could see how all the pieces could be interchangeable, but since it was a warm day, I simply went with the first getup. Maybe I was subconsciously drawn toward it because it reminded me of the leather jerkins I’d seen some of the Simathe wear. Maybe I was hoping to blend in?
Because an American twenty-something can really blend in with a group of immortal warriors with midnight-black hair and eyes. Right. Great plan, Hannah.
Well, at least I maybe won’t stick out like a sore thumb?
You’re a girl! Of course you’re going to stick out like a sore thumb! Better get used to it, missy. That ain’t changing for awhile.
Oh shut up, I grumped. It’s the best I can do.
Shoving mental arguments aside, I went ahead and got dressed, feeling all the while like the world’s biggest fool, especially when it came to tying up the leather sandals I’d chosen to complete my outfit. I thought they’d look cool, with their straps crisscrossing halfway up my calves. Despite their initial novelty, I grew frustrated after struggling with the laces for several minutes.
“I wish Sammie were here,” I sighed, dropping my forehead onto an upraised knee. “She wouldn’t have any problem with this.”
True, my older sister could tie and untie knots like a sailor. She was also good in the man department. I would’ve given anything for her advice both on tying these sandals and on handling the challenge of being the only girl in a training ground full of accomplished warriors. Male warriors.
“I so don’t wanna do this,” I groaned, thinking of all the horrible ways it could end.
But what choice did I have?
My mood lightened when I finally managed to figure out the sandal laces and get them tied on properly. Feeling quite proud of myself, I buckled on the wide leather belt as I walked over to check out my reflection in the mirror.
“Good night!” I exclaimed, catching sight of my reflection in the polished glass. “I look like a freakin’ fantasy warrior chick!”
I really did, so much that it was almost creepy. I’d never been the sort to read thick fantasy novels, play Dungeons and Dragons, or visit those conventions where geeks ran around in elaborate costumes. Dressed up like this, though, I’d fit right in with that crowd.
Who’s the geek now?
I couldn’t help a bitter laugh.
At least it’s not by choice.
Knowing I should probably get out there before I got in trouble with my teacher, I hurriedly brushed out my hair then pulled it back into a high ponytail, letting the layered ends skim the base of my neck. Again, I debated over my necklace, trying to decide whether or not to wear it. I decided I should, especially when a strange feeling of loss settled over me at the mere idea of removing it.
At any rate, judging by the small, golden hoop I’d seen in Ilgard’s ear—and which he was never without—I figured some jewelry must be okay. Several of the other Simathe, Chief Captain Norband included, wore a piece exactly like their High-Chief: a single golden hoop in their left ear. I wondered if the earring was some private mark of distinction in the Simathe culture.
Soon I was fully dressed, sans weapons. None of those had been provided, even though everybody else around here always seemed to be carrying at least one. Even the younger Simathe who served kept a dagger hanging in plain sight from their belts. Weapons were also flaunted on walls, in hallways, and above doorways: obviously the fortress’s preferred decoration of choice.
I didn’t find the constant show of force very soothing. Then again, the Simathe culture was a warrior culture, and it wasn’t like anybody had bothered asking my opinion.
And it’s not like they will. Oh well. Guess they’ll give me something to work with when I get out there.
When I left my room, I was only mildly surprised to find a warrior standing outside my door, waiting. “This way, my lady,” he said, and I fell into step beside him, assuming he’d been sent to escort me to the training grounds. He led me through parts of Treygon I hadn’t yet seen until we emerged outside in the main courtyard. I followed him through this, then a gate, and down a lane that wound between some outbuildings, heading toward what had to be the training grounds. We got closer, and I saw….
I hesitated, then stopped abruptly. Oh dear, no.
“If my lady would care to follow, I’ll conduct you to the High-Chief,” said my guide, breaking into my stream of thought.
Jolted out of my trance, I dashed forward, hurrying to catch up while keeping my eyes on my feet. What I’d already seen was enough to tell me that what I’d figured would be a difficult training session was now going to be impossible.
Please let him be different, please, I prayed to whatever powers might be listening. If the universe has any pity, he’ll be different.
I dared myself to lift my eyes and check. It took a moment to pick out the head Simathe from among the other tall, black-haired men, but my guide was steering me straight toward him and it wasn’t difficult to see—
The universe has no mercy.
My stomach sank. Embarrassed, uneasy, wanting to hightail it to the safety of my room, I hung back while my guide walked right up to the knot of men who were holding a wooden bow they seemed to be discussing. While he stood there patiently waiting to inform his lord of our arrival, I shifted my weight from foot to foot, wondering if I could feign sickness to get out of this. Before I could concoct a plan, they’d acknowledged his report and he, saluting them in Simathe fashion, next bowed to me and took himself off.
The others ignored me for a bit…which was fine by me, because I was frantically trying to come to terms with what I was seeing. It hadn’t been so noticeable at a distance, probably because, as a race, the Simathe had a distinct, bronze coloring to match their alien eyes and hair. This, together with the fact that they spent so much time outdoors, meant their skin was tanned nearly as dark as the leather they favored. However, as we got closer, it hadn’t taken me long to figure out what I was seeing wasn’t leather at all.
Why oh why do men feel like they have to take off their shirts if they’re doing anything outside? Why couldn’t the Simathe be different? Why?
It’s not like I was a prude or anything, and it wasn’t like I hadn’t seen shirtless jocks before. However, for the life of me, I couldn’t help staring at the broad back presented by the High-Chief, a back as deeply tanned as his arms, with muscles rippling under the surface of his skin.
Right then, I couldn’t help wishing desperately that these men didn’t have to be so…well, male. It was more than the hard chests, muscled arms, and powerful shoulders. It was more than the fact that I was the only girl in a pack of half-dressed men, although I know that added to my discomfort. I think what made it the hardest not to stare was the scattering of marks and scars scattered across their skin, evidence of the hard lives they lived. These guys weren’t gym-crazy hulks or steroid-puffed athletes. They were fighters, soldiers, strong men who lived hard and fought harder. They were warriors who killed…
I tried not to shy away as the High-Chief came walking toward me, and I definitely tried not to stare at a particularly nasty scar jagging its way across his left shoulder and disappearing into his armpit. However, I couldn’t help wincing at the awful sight, and glanced up in time to see the man’s face stiffen as he caught my reaction.
“My lady,” he said coolly. “This way, please.”
He motioned me to precede him to the spot where his companions waited. I carefully took a step out before going past, making sure our bodies didn’t come in close proximity. Surrounded by him and his warriors, I felt absolutely dwarfed. The shortest of them was a full head taller than I was. My heart was pumping double-time. It was a relief when Ilgard handed me the bow. At least it helped hide how my hands were trembling.
“Your bow, my lady.” He accepted the arrow proffered by another man, passing it into my hands. “And arrow.”
“Target practice?” I forced a weak smile.
“Aye, come this way.” They led me over in path of a large target. “Would my lady care for a demonstration?”
Ha! At last a chance to prove my worth. I gave my head a toss.
“I know how to do this,” I said airily.
Clearly, the man thought I was a total incompetent. I’d show him. Little did he know archery and I were old friends. Now, if only he and his crew would back off and give me some breathing space. The way they were standing there all packed in together, watching without saying a word, was making my anxiety worse. For once, though, I refused to fail. I could ignore the half-dressed men. I could deal with silent, critical judges. I could strike a blow for women in both worlds…
Ordering my brain to order my hands to stop shaking, I fitted arrow to bowstring, calling into play every bit of skill I’d learned from those years training at school and with my dad. Slowly, I raised the bow. Peering down the shaft, I carefully lined up tip with target, taking my time. I wanted this first shot to be good. I had something to prove to these men, as well as to myself.
Unfortunately, at the exact instant I was ready to shoot, Ilgard—already too close—shifted a step nearer. His chest nudged my back, and at the light touch I practically jumped out of my skin. My fingers released. The arrow darted from my bow, landing harmlessly in the dirt a few feet away.
I lowered the weapon, feeling heat rush to my face. Anger, born of humiliation, rose at those surrounding me. If any of them had dared so much as smirk, I would’ve lost it right then and there. None of them said a word. Detaching himself from the group, one of the men went to retrieve the stray arrow, handing it back with a kindly, “It was a good attempt.”
I was not in the mood for platitudes. Shooting him a venomous glare, I snatched the arrow from his hand. “It was not a good attempt.”
“On the contrary.”
Ilgard this time. I spun to face him, hackles raised, ready to do battle, only to nearly slam into him. That didn’t alleviate matters any. I stumbled back, turning the full force of my wrath on him.
“It was a bad shot, and it was all your fault!”
“My fault, my lady?”
“Yes, your fault!” I retorted, shoving loose hair out of my eyes. “You knew I was nervous, and you deliberately bumped me to break my concentration!”
“My lady, I assure you,” he began, spreading his hands in a gesture of innocence, “that was not my intent. Your attempt was not bad. You merely lack improvement on your aim.”
“My aim was fine!” I shouted. “I would’ve made a bull’s eye if you hadn’t interfered!” I jabbed angrily at his chest with a forefinger.
He didn’t respond, but his features hardened to granite. Silence filled the air. All of a sudden, I realized it was quiet. Startlingly quiet. Looking around, I noticed all action on the training grounds had ceased. Every black eye within range was now trained on us. On me, to be exact. Even the horses seemed to be glowering in my general direction.
Oh my word, what have I done now?
I felt sick, and glanced up very timidly at the High-Chief. Something told me no one in their right mind treated him this way, and there was I—a stranger, a woman, someone brought to Treygon for his protection, treating him with such disrespect. And in front of his subordinates, no less.
My finger fell and I slunk backward, peering nervously from flinty face to flinty face. No mercy was to be found. Stooping, I rescued the bow and arrow I’d flung away in the heat of anger.
“I—I’m sorry,” I said quietly as I rose. “Really, I am.” I couldn’t make myself meet the warrior-lord’s black gaze. “Should I—should I try again?”
The stillness was oppressive. At last the High-Chief lifted sinewy forearms, crossing them over a broad chest.
“By all means.”
His voice could have melted steel, and I won’t even mention the look he was probably giving me. I didn’t have the courage to meet it.
Almost in tears, I turned away from him and back to the target. It was no use. If I’d thought I was nervous before with only five men watching, it was unbearable with every warrior present silently observing. All I could feel was the hot displeasure in those black, black stares, though no one said a word.
I fumbled with the arrow. I dropped it. I couldn’t hit the target’s outside ring. I couldn’t hit the target at all. My mind was a blank, and no reflexes kicked in to help. The harder I tried, the worse things got. Finally, Ilgard mercifully took the weapons from my hands and pointed me to a seat on the grass some distance away. At my departure, the men dispersed, going back to whatever they’d been doing before their alleged Artan made an utter fool of herself. Slumping onto the grass, I locked my arms around my legs, pressing my face against my knees to hide the tears I fought.
Talk about a disaster.
*   *   *
Things didn’t get much better for a long while after that. I sat and moped, gloomily monitoring the Simathes’ comings and goings. Everyone ignored me, but I decided being ignored was infinitely better than everybody staring at me like I was the lowest life form ever created because I lost my temper with their precious High-Chief. That had been the worst.
Sometime around noon, a Simathe lad of about thirteen brought me lunch. I was so disheartened I didn’t even try to engage him in conversation as I might have otherwise. When he left I only picked at the food, not in the mood for eating, either. After forcing down all I wanted, I placed the dishes in the grass and lifted my face, surprised to see Ilgard beckoning me over. Reluctantly, I got to my feet, wary of what he might have planned.
With a simple, “Try again,” he offered me the same weapons I’d been using earlier.
“Oh brother,” I muttered under my breath. My fingers trembled as I took them from him, but at least it was only Ilgard this time. The rest of the group had moved on by now.
“Are you sure you want to go through this again?” I asked, making sure before I bothered to get started.
He placed large hands on my shoulders, correctly positioning my body in line with the target.
“It is needful.”
I lowered the bow. “Why? I thought the whole point of my being brought to Treygon was so you and your men could protect me.”
He nodded. “It was. But what will you do if you find yourself in danger and alone? No, you must learn to defend yourself.”
“But I thought, since we’re Joined, that you’d always be there to protect me.”
My breath snagged and I dropped my arrow when his hand suddenly captured my chin, lifting it firmly so that our gazes met and held.
“Hear this now, my lady.” His voice was low, grave, and the set of his eyes intense. “We are Joined, you and I, and I shall fulfill my oath to protect you. Teaching you to defend yourself is merely a part of that protection. Would you remain helpless?”
“Of course not, but you’ll still be there for me, won’t you? I mean, I can’t stand the thought that this…this Joining was all for nothing.
“Besides,” I blurted out, “even when you sometimes scar—I mean, well…” I scrunched up my face, trying to think of a better word, “…unnerve me, I’d still way rather be with you than alone when drocnords or deathcats are around.”
He stared at me a long moment. Then, a smile broke across the hard planes of his face, softening them to the point that he actually looked human. I blinked wildly, stunned. Whoa, he’s totally hot! I realized—then wanted to die of shame.
“Many thanks for the confidence, my lady,” he returned dryly. “I am honored you’ve found some use for me.”
“I didn’t mean that the way it sounded,” I mumbled, blushing.
Stick your foot in your mouth again, idiot!
He shook his head. “My lady need not fear,” he enjoined quietly. “I give you my word that you are always safe with me.” He paused for emphasis, eyes flickering over my face. “I would never harm you.”
Nonplussed, I had no reply to that. It was true I’d been through quite a bit with him by now. It wasn’t that I thought he would actually hurt me, it was just that he unnerved me so darn much. He was poles apart from anybody I’d ever met and impossible to read on top of that. What was I supposed to think?
Finally, I whispered a simple, “Okay.”
He studied me a moment longer before releasing my chin. I quickly turned away, relieved to be out from under that piercing gaze.
Talk about seeing right through a person…
Hoping to forestall further conversation, I raised the bow, preparing once more to shoot. My earlier nervousness had lessened, but it was difficult not to feel uncomfortable, what with this newfound attraction and Ilgard still standing so close. Spring sunshine glinted on his bronzed skin, and I caught the scent of leather, dust, and man. In my mind, I could still feel the warmth of his fingers on my chin.
I had to make myself concentrate. Peering down the straight shaft of the arrow, setting up for the moment of release, I narrowed my gaze in focus. This is it, I told myself, and made my fingers let go. To my joy, the arrow darted from my bow, flying through the air and striking one of the target’s inner rings with a satisfying thud.
“Yes!” Pumped with success, I turned proudly to Ilgard. “Check that out—I did it. Bam!”
He nodded, handed me another arrow. “Well done. But the next must exceed.”
“Exceed? Come on, that was pretty good. Admit it, you didn’t think I could handle a bow at all, did you?”
“I believe my lady can do whatever she puts her hand to.”
He was dead serious. Of course, he always was, but this was different.
Did he just compliment me?
My mind reeled, trying to decipher this strange man who one minute was frightening and angry and the next reassuring and practically kind. I couldn’t. But I had to admit, getting a compliment from the Simathe High-Chief, weirdly, felt worth its weight in gold.
Chapter Forty-Three
Softening
 
She was correct. After this morning’s tragedy of an archery practice, he had begun to wonder why anyone would deem her the legendary Artan. Now, as she fitted arrow to string, determination solidified her girlish features, making her seem better suited to the role.
She let fly the arrow. It struck the target—again an inner ring—but not the red bull’s eye.
“Darn it, what’s wrong with me? I can do better than this!”
He passed her another arrow from the quiver at his feet. “Again.”
In truth, she was doing far better than he would have dared hope, the Simathe observed. These attempts showed promise and were infinitely better than her previous ones. He’d pitied her then. Had not the Joining told him plainly of the apprehension raging in her breast, the trembling of her hands would have. He’d sensed the trepidation he always did when she was near his comrades and himself, but this morning a new element had been added.
For whatever reason, she’d seemed especially uncomfortable with the fact that he and most of his men had stripped down in anticipation of the morning’s heat and work. Clearly discomfited, she had barely kept from staring at him. At present, however, that awkwardness was gone. She was focused on her bow, determined to display her competence.
He thought of that soft brush against her back when she was preparing her first shot. He hadn’t truly set out to spoil her aim: he’d merely wanted to see her reaction, and find out if she’d be able to overcome the distraction and complete the job. Unfortunately, when her shot had been spoiled, her anger had risen like a wave at sea. It was not a bad response, despite her having gone too far. It meant she was learning to overcome her fear of him.
This was a good thing. They were Joined, were they not? Time for her to realize he meant her no harm. Time for her to accept his protection, as well as his guidance. She may have looked a bit more formidable today in the clothing the Spinners had provided, but he knew she’d lived a pampered life on Earth. Were The Evil to attack again, she’d be nigh helpless. Until she learned to use her magic, she would learn to use weapons. Until someone arrived to instruct her in the use of her powers, he would instruct her in the use of those.
His thoughts drawn back to the present, he saw she was readying for another attempt at the target. Already he could see it wouldn’t succeed, and why.
“Permit me, my lady.”
Placing one of his hands over hers, he slid her fingers an inch or two down the bow, readjusting her hold and correcting her form. Slipping his other arm around her back, he grasped her forearm gently, bringing it up, so that the arrow was better positioned against the string.
“There,” he said, “try this, now. Your aim will improve.”
For several long seconds, she merely stood there. Then, her head came up very slowly, turning a little so that her eyes met his. His face was very close to hers, he realized abruptly, and he could smell the warm, sun-drenched scent of her hair. Her eyes widened, her lips parting softly. He detected a subtle emotional shift as her gaze dropped to his arms circling her in a loose embrace before rising to his. She simply stared up at him, wide eyed, her mismatched eyes of brown and green soft, beautiful.
Belatedly, the warrior-lord grasped the fact that this was the first time his arms had been around her when she was neither unconscious or in great anguish. She could not move or step away, and neither could he. Through their bond, he could feel the ties linking them together. Within her warred the desires for him to move away…and to move closer. It produced an unknown, heady sensation, and for a moment the Simathe could not say which he desired most.
Finally, reasserting iron self-control, he dropped his hands and stepped back. She swallowed hard; he saw her throat constrict. Her hands were visibly shaking, yet she maintained the new positions he’d shown her. When she released the arrow, it flew straight and true, striking the ruby bull’s eye dead center.
Chapter Forty-Four
Cole
 
Why did I do that? What is wrong with me?
Days later, the questions still haunted me. As I walked out to the training grounds for my daily practice session, I couldn’t get them out of my head. Memories of my first visit out here overwhelmed me every time I saw the black-haired warriors, so like their High-Chief. The feeling of standing loosely imprisoned in the circle of his arms…
I shook my head to dispel the vision.
Why did I look at him that way? What on earth came over me?
It certainly wasn’t the first time he’d been close or had his arms around me. True, those previous occasions were during desperate circumstances when I was hardly in the frame of mind to care. But that didn’t explain everything, like what had made this time different.
As I thought on it, I realized maybe the problem was that while I’d accused Ilgard of seeing me as merely female and not as a woman, I’d been guilty of the same thing. All that had changed in one defining moment, a moment with his arms encircling me, the warmth of his skin fiery against my own flesh. He was a man, all right, and a striking one at that. I now had to remind myself not to stare whenever he was around. The way he moved, his Simathe heritage, and that deadly something marking him as a battle-tested warrior… He captured my attention in ways no guy back home ever had or could. He frightened and intrigued me at the same time.
I wondered if our Joining had clued him in to this newfound attraction, because I hadn’t seen much of him since that first archery session. He’d trained with me only once after that, and I thought he’d made a point of not touching me in any way. The majority of my training was basically left up to the Chief Captain and another warrior, Lord Contrey, whom I’d learned was one of Treygon’s oldest and most respected Simathe. Both of these men were typical Simathe: distant and firm, but unfailingly polite—good teachers. Under their tutelage, I’d have to say my skill with the bow was already improving.
Awkward as it was being attracted to their High-Chief, especially knowing he might be aware of it, I was relieved each time I went outside and didn’t see him. That didn’t mean I stopped looking for him, though. Once, I even asked Lord Norband where he was, only to be informed that, as High-Chief, he had many obligations to fulfill. However, he’d reassured me, he always knew my whereabouts, and if he sensed any harm to my person, help would not be far away.
Right…the Joining. Curse the thing.
Merely thinking Ilgard was good looking and feeling a basic attraction, I could’ve handled. Being thrown into contact no more than we were, and with his coldly distant ways, I think I could’ve expelled him from my brain. I could’ve told myself to forget about him and quit acting like an idiot. Eventually it might’ve worked.
Except the Joining wouldn’t allow for that. That’s what I chose to blame my crazy reactions on, anyway. It was so stupid, but I couldn’t get the Simathe lord out of my head. Whenever he was anywhere near, I always felt it, like a sixth sense itching at my brain. To know he constantly sensed my whereabouts, what I felt, and probably a lot of what I was thinking only added to my discomfort. Part of me wanted to be near him: a spineless feeling of dependency I also blamed on the Joining. At the same time, the rest of me resisted fiercely, saying I did not need him, didn’t need his protection, didn’t want his attention, and really didn’t want him around.
The confusion tormented me, although I doubt any onlookers could’ve guessed. I figured I was doing a pretty good job of covering it up. Outwardly, at least. Inwardly, who knew what the Simathe lord could divine? The only time we had an audience was when we sat next to each other during the evening meal. We didn’t really talk, which was okay, since he was Simathe. Nothing weird there. Sometimes he would inquire courteously about my day—how I’d spent it, how my archery progressed, etc. But that was about it. He never delved deep, and neither did I. For the most part, we were content to leave one another alone.
This morning when I reached my destination, I pulled away from my own thoughts to see neither of my usual teachers waited for me at the shooting range. In fact, I smiled to see it actually was the younger-looking Simathe with whom I’d enjoyed a measure of secret companionship on the journey to Treygon. Although he didn’t smile back, the cast of his features somehow conveyed good humor, which helped put me at ease.
Accepting the quiver he presented, I swung it across my back, fastening it within easy reach of its arrows.
“So you’re going to train with me today?”
“If it pleases my lady.”
“It does, it does,” I said. “So tell me, what’s your name?”
“I am called Cole, my lady.” He offered a little bow, adding formally, “Always at your service.”
“Cole…I like that. It suits you.”
He looked like he didn’t know quite what to make of that remark. I guess the Simathe probably weren’t given lots of compliments.
“So…I was just wondering,” I began cautiously, deciding to change the subject. “I noticed on the trip here that you seemed a bit more, well, friendly—I guess—than some of the others. You seemed a little more chill, and not as hard. Have you been here long?”
“Over six centuries,” he stated matter-of-factly.
“Six hundred years?” I almost swallowed my tongue. “No way! You don’t look near that old.”
He chuckled quietly. “No, I suppose not. When one is immortal, the years do not mark his countenance.”
“Yeah, but if it’s possible, you still seem…I don’t know…younger, somehow, than most of the others. Like the High-Chief. Or Lord Contrey, for instance.”
“They have lived far longer than I.”
“How much longer?” I asked suspiciously.
Black Simathe eyes held mine fearlessly. “The High-Chief has attained over three thousand years of age. Lord Contrey, far more than that.”
“Oh my word!” I was shocked, dazed. “Oh my word,” I repeated, bracing my forehead on my fingertips, trying to comprehend such a thing. “Three thousand years,” I whispered. “Three thousand! How is that even possible?”
“In terms of your people, it is not,” Cole shrugged. “But we are Simathe, and not like your people.”
“That’s for darn sure,” I agreed wryly.
Three thousand years. Three. Thousand. Years. That’s just—that’s just mind boggling!
“So, if you’ve been here six hundred years, how long have you been a warrior?” I now asked. “Once you grew up, or what? How does all that work?”
He was pretty good at taking my foreign dialect in stride and didn’t seem bothered by my questions. “I have been a warrior for some years,” he answered slowly. “Many to you, perhaps, but few to us. We Simathe are trained in much more than the arts of war. Until recently, I followed other pursuits.”
“Other pursuits? I didn’t know Simathe had them.”
“You would be surprised,” he answered drily.
“But you’re a full-blown warrior now?”
“I am.”
“Are you a lord, like Contrey or the Chief Captain?”
“Oh no,” he shook his head. “To be a lord among Simathe is a distinction that must be earned. I’ve not yet merited that right.”
“How long before you become one yourself?”
“Time knows,” he shrugged. “Many factors come into play.”
My mind had been leaping with a hundred different concepts during our exchange. Putting two and two together, I posed my theory to Cole.
“Those Simathe here, who are more like servants?”
“Aye?”
“Well, are they men who haven’t started training to become warriors? Or maybe they’re following other pursuits, as you called them?”
“We all have our own duties to fulfill, but on the whole you are correct. My lady is clever.”
“Clever?” I stifled a snicker. “I doubt your High-Chief would agree with you on that one.”
He blinked once as if the notion had never occurred to him. “Do not disparage the High-Chief, my lady,” he said gravely. “No Simathe attains his position without much experience, much wisdom, much discretion. You would be prudent to place your trust in him, not belittle him. After all, he did Join with you.”
I heaved a sigh, rolling my eyes toward the blue sky high overhead. “Thanks for the reminder, but I really don’t know why everyone acts as if I should be so grateful that his high-and-mighty Simathe lordliness deigned to Join with me. It’s not like I asked or wanted him to.” I stared the warrior straight in the eye. “As a matter of fact, I didn’t. All I’ve ever wanted since arriving in Aerisia was to leave.”
He handed me my bow, saying soberly, “Yet you may not leave, for you are needed here. Furthermore, my lady, you should be thankful that the High-Chief Joined with you. Humbled, even.”
“Humbled? I hardly see why.”
“Enough of such talk.” Obviously he disapproved of both my ignorance and ingratitude. “I was sent to oversee your training, not bandy words. We’d best begin.”
Figuring that was all I’d get out of the man, I gave up the debate. We’d never see eye to eye on this anyway. No point starting a fight with the only person in Treygon who’d taken the time and interest to actually talk to me. Besides, we had better things to do than discuss his High-Chief.
Lining up my weapons with my target, I pulled back on the string and let the arrow soar.
Chapter Forty-Five
Telepaths
 
Practice went well that day. I don’t know if Cole was less hardened than his counterparts because he was younger—relatively speaking—or if he’d somehow just wound up with a better personality. Whatever the case, I actually enjoyed training that day, managing to push aside thoughts of the High-Chief and focus instead on both my shooting and coaxing Cole into talking.
Eventually, I got him to open up a bit about what life at Treygon, life as a Simathe, was like. In return, I tried to explain to him about life on Earth. This went fairly well as long as I spoke in general terms about my house, my home state, and my family, but when I happened to mention my favorite movie things quickly went south.
“Movie? What is that?” he inquired.
When I tried to explain, he only stared disbelievingly, saying at last, “My lady is not serious, surely.”
When I went further, describing electricity and how it powered my world, he staunchly maintained I must be speaking of magic. I guess science and magic didn’t coexist in his world. Well, not like they did on Earth, either. Eventually I gave up, knowing he’d have to see it to believe it, just as I’d had to see Aerisia to believe it. Which, despite having been here several weeks, I still wasn’t entirely sure I believed everything I saw and heard.
What happened next didn’t do anything to help my trust issues.
After we finished for the day, I handed off my weapons to Cole as we prepared to return to the main hall. Things had gone so well today that I felt a new friendship was forming; possibly even an alliance, should the need for a Simathe ally ever arise. As we walked along in companionable silence, I felt a soft tickling in the back of my mind that made me glance about nervously. That particular feeling was the one I got when the High-Chief was about to appear, and it didn’t take me long to spot him.
He was over by the stables saddling one of those massive Simathe horses, his back to us. Trying to ignore the man, I refused to so much as glance in his direction as we passed by. Cole, however, disrupted my plan by stating out of the blue, “My lady, the High-Chief requests your attendance.”
I shot him a funny look. “What’s that supposed to mean? He hasn’t even seen us.”
“He is ever mindful of your whereabouts, my lady.”
“I realize that Cole,” I responded impatiently.
Would people ever stop reminding me not only of Ilgard and my Joining but also of its effects? I had enough problems trying to forget both without everyone else always bringing up the subject.
“He hasn’t motioned us over, though. As a matter of fact, he seems to be ignoring us…as usual,” I muttered under my breath. “How do you know he wants us?”
“He told me, my lady.”
“He told you? How? He hasn’t said a word to either of us. How could he have tol—”
I broke off. The light had suddenly dawned, confirming my craziest suspicions. Hands on hips, I looked incredulously from one man to the other. It all made sense now. The long, silent looks; Cole knowing Ilgard wanted us when he hadn’t said anything of the sort out loud; that disconcerting habit of seeming to read each other’s minds…
I’ve been right all along.
“You’re telepaths, aren’t you?” I said slowly, rounding on the man beside me. “You really are. You’re telepaths.”
“Telepaths, my lady?”
“Don’t Telepaths, my lady? me!” I snapped. “I suspected it a while back but dismissed it at the time as just being too far out. Now I see I should’ve listened to my instincts. You really are telepaths!”
“I know not the meaning of this word,” he replied evasively, and took off toward his High-Chief.
I had to run a few paces to catch up, slamming around in front of him so he was forced to stop. “Telepaths: it’s people that communicate with their minds. You do that, don’t you? Don’t you? All of you Simathe can communicate with your minds.”
He’d just opened his mouth to reply when a deep voice from behind cut in.
“A problem, Cole?”
He snapped to attention. “Nay, my lord.”
“Yes, there is,” I contradicted, swinging around to look his High-Chief in the eye. “You all are telepaths, and you didn’t tell me!”
Soulless, black eyes held mine unflinchingly for a long moment. When he finally spoke, his words weren’t even directed at me. Without breaking eye contact, he ordered, “Resume your duties, Cole. I will take charge of the lady.”
“Aye, my lord.”
I heard the sounds of his departure but didn’t shift my attention from Ilgard. He, in turn, waited until Cole was long gone before repeating quietly, “Telepaths, my lady?”
I frowned, maddened by his consistently unflappable demeanor. “Don’t pretend you didn’t hear me. A telepath: it’s someone who’s able to communicate with his mind. You all do that,” I added accusingly. “Why didn’t you tell me? Or were you just planning to keep it a big secret forever?”
“My lady is clever,” he remarked simply.
I arched a cynical eyebrow. “Really? That’s all you have to say? It wasn’t all that hard to figure out, y’know. Why didn’t you just tell me?”
He shrugged. “None beyond Treygon know. Our fellow Aerisians need no further cause to fear and shun us.”
The veracity of his statement gave me pause, taking the edge off my anger. He was right. If other Aerisians, already thinking of the Simathe as they did, knew of their powers of telepathy, they would undoubtedly think the worse of them—just as I’d done.
Just as you do, an inner voice accused.
Shut up.
Sighing, I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying to process all this. Three thousand years…centuries more…telepaths…what next? I hope the Simathe aren’t hiding any other major secrets. Not sure I can handle finding them out.
“So, this mind communication thing…” I said, raising my head after I’d gathered my scattered thoughts. “Does that mean all of you are, like, fully Joined or something?”
He considered the question. “We are joined, my lady, though not as you and I.”
“What do you mean? What’s the difference?”
“All Simathe,” he explained, “sharing the same unique origin, also possess certain unique bonds. Not only is there an awareness of each other, but we have also the ability to communicate mentally. Both offer a distinct advantage in battle.”
“I would imagine so,” I agreed drily. “So this awareness…is it similar to how you know where I am all the time?”
My eyes narrowed unconsciously. I still didn’t like his knack of keeping track of me.
“Nay, my lady.”
That was it. He didn’t bother with additional explanations, but began retracing his steps, heading back toward the horse he’d been saddling earlier. I had to rush to catch up and, when I did, stumbled a step or two because of trying to read his face when I should’ve been watching my feet.
“So what is it then?”
He seemed disinclined to further conversation, but I had to know. “Ilgard? What is it then?”
He stopped, and now it was my turn to be rounded on. “Nothing of the bond between we Simathe is comparable to that between my lady and myself. Nothing.”
“But you said…an awareness,” I pressed.
“Aye, and by that I meant we know instinctively who is in proximity to us, just as we communicate mentally to those within proximity. We needn’t look to see who is near as your kind does. This Joining, our Joining, is not like that. Nothing is the same.”
“I didn’t ask to be Joined to you,” I reminded him softly.
“Nor I to you. Yet we are, nevertheless.”
“Isn’t there—isn’t there any way to break the bond?” I asked, shoulders slumping as all traces of anger ebbed.
“None, my lady. Save death.”
“You mean, we’re always going to be like this?”
“Always.”
I sighed unhappily. “Even if, after all this is over, I eventually meet and fall in love with some guy and want to marry him…not even then?”
Some of the craggy, stone-set hardness slipped from his face at that question, meekly offered and sadly spoken. His voice was as gentle as I’d ever heard it when he replied, “Nay, Lady Hannah. Not even then.”
“But—but then, he probably wouldn’t want to marry me. He’d think it would be like sharing me with another man.”
The warrior-lord said nothing.
“It’s true, isn’t it? He probably wouldn’t.”
“I know not, my lady.” Pausing, he added lightly as if to comfort me, “But I have seen men do many a strange thing for love.”
“Really?” Curious, I searched his face. “Ilgard? Would you?”
I knew I was treading some dangerous waters here, getting into a personal discussion with the Simathe High-Chief, but I really wanted to hear his answer.
He stared down at me. “I know not, my lady,” he replied at length, voice low. “I am not as other men. I will not marry.”
“But if you did,” I pointed out, undeterred. “If you could.”
He shook his head. “I cannot. I cannot, and that is the end of the matter.”
“Um, no it’s not, because you didn’t answer my question,” I protested. “Why do you always have to be so…so…high-handed?”
“Perhaps because you are so stubborn.”
I rolled my eyes, crossing my arms over my chest. “Yeah, right. You can’t blame your personality flaws on me. I bet you were this way a long time before I showed up.” Thinking of his alleged three thousand years of life, I added, “A loooong time.” Before he could say anything, I threw in, “Is it true you’re three thousand years old?”
His facial expression didn’t waver, but I could hear annoyance in his voice. “Cole must learn to hold his tongue.”
“I like Cole,” I said. “He’s more open than the rest of you. He tells me stuff.”
“That is not a virtue,” pointed out the High-Chief as he started back toward his mount.
“It is in my book.”
I don’t know if he caught that or not. He’d reached his horse by now. Grasping its bridle, he led it out into the stable yard, saying to me, “I must be away. During my absence, you will heed the commands of my Chief Captain and my lords. Furthermore, you will cause no trouble of any kind.”
“Me? Cause trouble?”
“You,” he answered firmly, turning away to mount his horse. But when he swung the animal’s head around to leave, I was amazed to see him drop one eyelid in a friendly wink.
I laughed.
Crazy. Who knew Ilgard could be half-human?
I stood there smiling after him, watching until his mounted figure disappeared into the distance.
Chapter Forty-Six
Trickery
 
I wasn’t really intending to disobey the Simathe High-Chief. My decision wasn’t a conscious act of rebellion, committed with malice aforethought. I just figured his absence offered the best shot at pulling off the plan. The idea came to me later that same night as I snuffed out the candle and climbed into bed. Initially, I tried to shake it away, telling myself it would never work. It refused to leave, though, and the more I thought about it, the more I couldn’t help wanting to at least try. By the time I finally slipped off to sleep, I was smiling.
Oh yeah. We are so going to do this.
Fortunately, I woke up early the next morning, which didn’t hurt my plans any. Since my jeans and T-shirt were in the laundry, so to speak, I had to find something else to wear. I threw on some of the sturdy, everyday clothing Lady Elisia had provided, choosing a sleeveless dress of dark blue, called a surcoat, pulled over a simple blouse with long, light sleeves. Leather ties on both sides of the dress crisscrossed from armpit to hip, and the blouse’s neckline laced with a white ribbon. Slipping on a pair of stockings and boots, I tied my hair at the nape of my neck, washed my face, cleaned my teeth, and was ready to go.
Exiting my room, I turned to the left. As expected, waiting just out of sight down the corridor was a Simathe guard. Halting a few steps away, I flashed him my brightest smile.
“Good morning.”
“And to you,” he returned solemnly. “My lady arises early.”
“Yes, I wanted to go for a ride this morning while it’s cool. Before the sun comes up and it gets real warm, you know?” I smiled hopefully.
“A ride?”
Doubtless, even though I couldn’t read it in his face, he was surprised. I’d never so much as mentioned going riding during my stay at Treygon.
“Yes, a ride. Some of the horses we brought from Laytrii are still here, aren’t they?”
“I believe they are.”
Hard to tell, but I thought he was eyeing me a bit suspiciously.
Is he onto me?
I batted my eyes innocently. “Well?”
“I will speak with the Chief Captain.”
“Oh, wait!” Grabbing his arm, I forestalled him with, “Um, I was sorta hoping Cole could go with me.”
“Cole, my lady?”
“Yes, Cole. He trained with me yesterday, and I just figured he wouldn’t be as busy as, well, the Chief Captain or Lord Contrey. I know they’re very busy, important men.” I tried to look properly impressed. “Don’t you think I could just ask Cole to come, and not bother Lord Norband? Surely that would be okay.”
He looked doubtful. I tried to appear pleasant, innocent.
“I suppose if Cole were to accompany you, and you did not ride far…”
“Oh, of course not,” I hastened to assure him. “Just a short, little ride to look around. I’ve hardly seen anything around here except the training grounds.”
“Well…”
“Oh thank you!” I broke in with a huge smile. “Thanks ever so much. You’re so kind.”
He nodded warily, as if he knew there was something off about all this, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. I maintained my composure, even though I wanted to shout and pump my fists in victory. After virtually being held prisoner here at Treygon, forced into a Joining I despised, and training I didn’t want, it felt great to finally put one over on one of the Simathe. Perhaps I would’ve gotten a little more satisfaction if it were Ilgard or his Chief Captain; however, I doubted my little ploy would’ve worked as well on either of them.
At that, a tiny bit of triumph fled. No, Lord Ilgard of the Simathe would’ve seen right through me. He always saw right through me. I refused to let that steal my joy, though, as I faced the guard.
“So will you come with me to get Cole, then? Show me the way?”
“My lady!” He was clearly affronted. “Cole is yet in the men’s quarters. You cannot go there.”
“Oh my!” I opened my eyes wide, as if a great shock had just been delivered to virginal sensibilities. “Oh my, of course not!” I exclaimed, pressing a hand to my heart, hamming it up. “I had no idea. Do you think…you could possibly…”
“Very well,” he agreed. “I shall fetch him. Wait here, my lady.”
“Of course, thanks so much!” I positively gushed.
Watching him stride off down the hall, I grinned wickedly at how well my strategy had worked, uncrossing the fingers hidden behind my back.
I totally deserve an Oscar for that performance.
*   *   *
The woods surrounding Treygon were thick and cool. I wasn’t far beyond fortress walls when I struck a faint forest path, probably an old game trail. I kept to it, winding my way up the steep mountain slope, around large boulders, and over fallen logs. I hadn’t felt this free in a very long time. At last I was away from Ilgard, his ever-watchful warriors, and Treygon’s confining walls. I knew I’d been beyond lucky slipping through the fortress unseen, then finding that unguarded door leading to the outside. I just prayed it’d be a while before Cole and that other guard returned to discover they’d been tricked.
As soon as the one man had left to fetch Cole, I’d hurried to the other guard stationed at the opposite end of the corridor. To him, I explained Cole was coming to escort me down to breakfast and then training, but in the meantime, I needed to fetch something out of my room. Would he please let Cole know that’s where I would be when he arrived?
Naturally, the man agreed. I was counting on this ploy to buy me a couple of extra minutes, confident that all the Simathe—save their High-Chief, perhaps—would think twice about forcing their way into my room when I didn’t answer immediately.
Apparently, my plan was working. I hadn’t heard any commotion from below or seen any signs of pursuit. Scurrying up the trail as quickly as possible, I congratulated myself on a job well done and settled in to enjoy myself.
In forests like these, there’s always something to see. I’d been hiking a good two hours or so, wandering aimlessly from trail to trail, checking out whatever happened to catch my fancy, when the echo of running water caught my ear. Turning my head toward the sound, I listened hard, trying to decipher where it was coming from. Thinking it originated from somewhere on my left, I pushed aside a tree branch and left the path to investigate.
Following the noise, it didn’t take long to discover its source. The search wasn’t without peril, though, when the ground beneath my feet suddenly sheered away. I jumped backward, my heart pounding from the shock of near calamity. Once I’d caught my breath, I cautiously crept toward the edge of the bluff to peer over.
In the clearing below, a beautiful waterfall tumbled ten to twenty feet over slick rocks to drop into the rainbow-arched pool at the bottom of a vine-covered cliff. The pool itself spread out in a lazy stream that meandered its way serenely under tall trees with overhanging branches, eventually disappearing into the depths of the forest.
Perched precariously on the edge of this charming pool was a tiny cottage. With a sinking thatched roof and decaying shutters, the little house looked old and somehow forlorn. Still, I knew it couldn’t be completely abandoned, because a thin stream of grey smoke curled up from the short chimney, proclaiming life inside.
What is this place? I wondered, fascinated. Do the Simathe know about it?
Chapter Forty-Seven
To Break a Prophecy
 
Climbing carefully, slowly, down the bluff, I made my way across the valley floor, heading for the little cottage. In retrospect, I can see going to investigate this place on my own, where anything could have been waiting, was a really stupid move. My only defense is that I must have instinctively trusted the Simathe enough that I felt there was no way they wouldn’t know about somebody living in their mountains…which must mean the person inside was okay.
Besides, after my chance meeting with Aureeyah, I guess I was hoping to run into another friendly face. I was so lonely for companionship, preferably female companionship, I just didn’t stop to think through all the ins and outs of my decision. Nevertheless, I hesitated before trying the door. My last chance to turn back.
I didn’t take it. Instead, raising a fist, I knocked.
“Hello? Anyone home?”
Silence answered my call.
That’s strange, I thought, but tried again.
“Hello? Hey, anybody there?”
Still nothing. Disappointed, I was about to turn away…when an inside floorboard creaked and the door swung open.
Tall and ridiculously slender, he was dressed in a faded brown tunic that bagged loosely over grey leggings. He wore no belt, no shoes. A red cloth, smeared with grime, was tied about his neck like a splash of blood against the pallor of his throat. Stringy and grey, his hair fell past his waist in unwashed, greasy clumps. His lips were sickly purple his skin shockingly pale. And his eyes, oh his eyes…
My heart stopped, and I slunk a step backward. In a crazy reversal of consuming black Simathe eyes, his were white—sheer white, with no pupils, irises, or any traces of color. Deep shadows below framed the disgusting, milky orbs. I was captivated, powerless to look away from his face. His cold, lash-less eyes had taken me prisoner, holding me as stationary as a frozen corpse. My mouth dropped open. I wanted to scream, but couldn’t manage a squeak. The smell of decay filled my nostrils.
A cruel smirk twisted those revolting, swollen lips.
“Ah, Lady Hannah. What a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe the honor of this visit?”
A small cry escaped. That voice, I know that voice! And that stench, as well. Memory hit hard.
“Jonase!”
It had to be him. Just like the first time, a numbing blanket of cold was overpowering me. He smiled at my obvious horror, but there was no warmth in the gesture. Everything about this man, this thing, was icy, wintry cold.
“The Lady Artan,” he purred. “Dare I hope you are alone? That your accursed Simathe keepers are nowhere nearby?”
I couldn’t think! I wanted to stammer, “Of course they are,” but I was so cold. So numb. I couldn’t speak.
He slid a deliberate glance over my body, his white eyes lingering on places they shouldn’t. “Never mind. I can see they are not.”
His gaze lifted. Drifting a step forward, he reached out to trail an ice-cold finger down my cheek and the side of my neck. I was frozen, spellbound, unable to resist.
“So beautiful,” he breathed. “So unlike the women of this land, in both appearance and demeanor. So,” his white eyes narrowed lustfully, “so pure.”
Stop him! my mind screamed. But I had no will to resist.
His thumb glided across the hollow of my throat. “Once before, in the palace of Laytrii, I asked you to join us. You refused me then. Will you now?”
“I—I…”
The thumb stilled. “Yes?” His rheumy white eyes were staring, boring a fiery hole straight through my heart.
I shook my head jerkily. “N—no. I can’t. I won’t!”
“I thought as much. A pity, my lady. You will either join of your own accord, or you will be made to do so. Against your will, should that be required…though I confess it is what I prefer.” He grinned nastily.
“Wh—what do you mean?”
My tongue was unresponsive, numb with cold. I could hardly speak, but my heart, before motionless, now beat double-time, pumping blood through my veins and thawing my brain. When it told my legs to step away from him, they obeyed. The creature’s hand dropped, but he matched every step I retreated, maintaining a close distance.
“Surely you know the prophecy of the Artan.”
Before I could deny that puzzling statement, he pressed on. “She is not of Aerisia, and yet…she is. Furthermore,” a significant pause, pregnant with bitter intent, “she is unknown to man.”
That last statement, along with the flame leaping to those white eyes, shot a flare of panic along my veins.
“So?” I choked out.
“So, if you are the lady Artan—as you undoubtedly are, else the Simathe would not keep you in their midst—you must fulfill this portion of the prophecy. You must be a virgin, one untouched by man.”
Lying wouldn’t have made any difference. Even if I’d been able to form a denial, it wouldn’t have dissuaded this beast.
“It occurs to me, Lady Hannah,” he continued in a mockingly seductive tone, “no virgin, no Artan. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“I have n—no idea,” I stammered, continuing to back away.
“Ah, but I do. I am confident of it.” His colorless eyes raked my body, making me feel undressed, exposed. “Moreover, my lady, it also occurs to me that if I break this prophecy now,” he raised wispy eyebrows in triumph, “all of our worries would be quite over and done with.”
My head was shaking back and forth. “No,” I whispered, horrified to the core of my being. “Never, you keep away from me!” Faster and faster I backed away, the heat of panic thawing that numbing combination of evil, the stench of decay, and fear. “Never, never, no!”
My heel caught on an unseen rock, landing me on the ground. A white hand grabbed for me, but I kicked it away with a scream. “No, get away from me, you animal. Leave me alone!”
Primal instinct surged through my body, and I leapt to my feet. Whirling, I ran, seeking the shelter of the trees. But what ought to have been a haven my angst changed into a nightmare. Lean branches, bony skeleton arms, slapped my face. Jagged thorns, witches’ fingernails, shredded my clothing and hair. Vines wrapped themselves around my feet and knees, merciless monsters trying to drag me down. A sharp twig, an imp’s claw, left a bloody gash on my forearm. Over a protruding root, a dark wizard’s knobby staff, I tripped and fell. Crawling a few paces, sobbing, I used a tree to pull myself up, continuing this mad dash to safety.
Behind me, around me, in front of me, within me, I heard his voice calling my name. “Hannah,” he gloated, pitiless and gleeful. “Lady Hannah, Aerisia’s Artan. Come to me. Come to me, my love.”
“No!” I cried, whirling to see if Jonase were following me. Although I saw nothing but dense foliage, the voice was still there—mocking me, mocking my fear.
“Hannah, Hannah, come to me. You will be mine—you are mine. Come to me, beloved. Come, come…”
“Noooo…” I moaned. Bile rose in my throat, bitter on my tongue. Tears seared my vision. “No, leave me alone!”
Insane with fear, my every thought bent on flight, I was only vaguely aware of the unnatural frigidity of my fingers and toes, of the rotten smell of decay which, even as I ran, made me want to vomit.
“Hannah…Hannah…”
Why wouldn’t he leave me alone? He was like a demon from the pit. He filled my throbbing head with his moans, his whispers of what he would do to me once he caught me. Chill after chill snaked my spine.
“Hannah, beloved, come to me. Join me…”
“No!”
Finally, I broke free of the tangled undergrowth, stumbling from the devouring brushwood and onto a faint path. The instant my feet touched it, I was running with all the strength left in my weakening body. I fought for speed, fought to escape the voice, fought to escape. However, the further I got down the trail, the louder that floating voice and the stronger the smell of decay grew. Was I going crazy? After all, I’d left Jonase behind.
Hadn’t I?
I rounded a bend in the path, sobbing from fear and fright, stumbling with fatigue. My lungs burned, but I couldn’t stop now. A short distance and I’d be within shouting distance of Treygon. Maybe.
Just a little longer, Hannah. Keep going. You can do this.
Yes, I could do it. If I could make it down the mountainside, get within earshot of the fortress and its warriors whose solid protection I’d spurned, they would save me. Oh, what I wouldn’t give now for Ilgard, for Norband, for Cole, for any of them. For my bow and arrow, for any kind of weapon, for—
“No!” I gasped, jerking a stop, my treacherous skirts coiling about my ankles.
There he was, standing in the middle of the path, blocking my escape. The wind teased his scraggly hair and shapeless clothing. His purple lips split wide as he laughed, displaying black gums and rotting, broken teeth.
“No!”
I tried to flee, but my skirts tripped me. I went down on my knees, my strength utterly spent. He was on me in a second. Even as I wanted to die, I couldn’t help but acknowledge the truth.
He had won.
“No, please!” I wept, flailing my arms wildly as he tried to pin me down.
“Fear not, my lady.” Flecks of spittle dotted his mouth, and his white eyes glowed with triumph. “It will not take long.”
With one shove he thrust away my outstretched hands and pinned me against the sparse grass. One hand tore feverishly at my bodice while the other clenched my chin in an iron grip. Putrid, frozen lips mashed against mine. I couldn’t breathe under the weight of his body, the rotten odor of his person. I twisted, lashing out with hands and feet, trying desperately to free myself. But I was so sick from his stench, and he was much stronger than his frail presence betrayed. In the back of my mind I was pleading for help, crying out to the Simathe High-Chief, even though I knew I was beyond any aid. Even his.
*   *   *
Sometimes life throws surprises. Real, honest-to-goodness surprises, delivering innocent people from a fate to which they’ve resigned themselves. At least, that’s what happened to me.
Mere seconds had passed since that hideous mouth crushed mine, though it felt like a thousand lifetimes and deaths to me. And then I felt a horrific convulsion of the body pinning mine. That hideous face lifted, its horrible white eyes staring sightlessly into mine. Horrorstricken, I saw blood beginning to seep from the corners of those purple lips and trickle slowly downward. A drop splashed onto my face, hot and sticky. His eyes, glazing over even as the drop fell, closed, rolling back in his head. The weight pinning me toppled, rolling off to lie tranquil in the grass beside me.
My head lolled sideways, following the motion of his body. I could not tear my gaze from that pale, white face lying so near my own. Could not, that is, until a strong hand touched my cheek. Calloused fingers, a warrior’s hand, closed about my chin, drawing my face away from the carnage. I looked into unfathomably deep black eyes and started to cry.
Ilgard.
He had come.
Chapter Forty-Eight
Protector
 
Forgetting all friction between us, he reached down and lifted me off the grass, gathering me close. Had he sensed how much I needed him to do that? I unleashed myself in his arms, tangling my fingers in the leather ties of his jerkin, weeping violently. Sobs shook my entire body, and I trembled from head to toe. He simply held me, saying nothing, letting the storm ride itself out.
Footsteps. More people approached, but I didn’t bother to look. I could do nothing except cling to the Simathe High-Chief, something even a day ago I could never have seen myself actually doing. I’d forgotten we’d ever been at odds. I’d forgotten how he sometimes intimidated and often irritated me. I purposefully forgot everything except the strength of his arms, the security of his body, the outdoorsy scent of his clothing—calming, reassuring. I clung to him, digging my fingers into his flesh, expelling my terror in tears, giving both to him.
After several long, agonized minutes, my sobs began slacking off, the safety of his embrace overcoming my terror. When I finally managed to raise my face, he gently wiped away the moisture on my cheeks. Fresh tears welled, but I bit down hard on my lower lip to keep them at bay. Arms still encircling me, he got to his feet and pulled me to mine. Listless, I sagged against him, having no more strength to move.
More Simathe hung back, watching us, either not knowing what to do or else not wanting to intrude. Among them I recognized Lord Norband, Cole, and the guard I’d tricked in the hall. To my surprise, the fairy Aureeyah was also there, deep concern marring her delicate features.
“Oh Hannah…” When our eyes met, she darted forward, placing a soft hand on my arm. “Are you well?”
Sniffing, I nodded weakly, my wet cheek rubbing against the Simathe’s leather jerkin.
“High-Chief?”
She peered up at him as if seeking a second opinion. Studying my upturned face, he replied, “We’d best return her to Treygon. Fetch my horse,” he added, sending one of the nearby warriors scurrying to obey.
Realizing now might be a good time to pull away, I shifted in his arms. One glance down at the front of my gown and a cry of dismay escaped my lips. Jonase had done his work. Nothing more than a few shreds of fabric protected my upper body from total exposure. The sight was enough to tear me to pieces, reminding me starkly of what had almost happened.
Reading the panic in my eyes, and probably my mind, the Simathe lord quickly stripped off his cloak. Swinging it about my shoulders, he wrapped me up tight, pulling me close and hoisting me into his arms. I didn’t bother to protest; didn’t want to. All I wanted at that moment was him and him alone. Maybe it was that clingy effect of the Joining. Maybe it was simply a survival mechanism. I just knew I wasn’t letting him out of my sight.
Thankfully, he seemed to feel the same. He carried me without a word to where one of his men, having fetched his huge warhorse, was turning it about on the narrow mountain trail, facing the descent toward Treygon. Along the way, I sorted through the people gathered around us and couldn’t avoid Cole’s frank, worried stare.
Uh oh.
I’d selfishly exploited both him and our tenuous friendship for my own ends, and now his dark Simathe eyes were openly alarmed. For me. Boy, did that make me feel low.
Freeing a hand from the folds of Ilgard’s cloak, I offered it to him, calling his name.
“Cole?”
He stepped forward and took it, squeezing my fingers so hard I feared they might break. “Cole, I’m so, so sorry. I shouldn’t have—”
“Enough, my lady,” he cut in. Worry, self-criminalization, relief. These laced his tone, which, for a Simathe, was making his feelings pretty plain. “Next time, please wait for me,” he said gently, cupping my palm between both of his. “I would never let harm befall you.”
I had to strangle a sob. Ashamed, humiliated, I turned my face into the High-Chief’s shoulder to hide my tears. No I could’ve told you so. Or You stupid idiot! What were you thinking? Not from Cole. He was far too kind to try and make me feel like this was my fault—even though, since I’d been the one to leave Treygon, I guess it sort of was.
When I felt him tuck my hand back inside the cloak, I turned wet eyes, red from weeping, to meet his. “I’m so sorry,” I choked out again. He simply smiled a sad little smile and stepped back.
Ilgard’s arms shifted then as he repositioned his hold, prompting me to glance up into his face. He wasn’t smiling. He didn’t look worried. He looked grim. Unhappily, I wondered if he now hated me as much as I did myself.
“Norband.” At his lord’s call, the man was quick to approach. “Take my lady,” said the High-Chief said, and transferred me easily into his second’s arms.
For a split-second, I felt a wave of terror. Was he leaving me? Why, why now? As much as I hated being such a coward, I knew I wasn’t ready to face the consequences of my actions alone.
He wasn’t leaving, though. He’d only handed me off so he could mount his huge warhorse. Once, I understood that, I calmed. When the Chief Captain brought me over to lift me up on the animal, I even turned my head to catch a glimpse of the creature that had accosted me.
Lord Norband firmly pushed my face into his shoulder. “Don’t look, my lady. There is no need.”
No need, perhaps, yet I wanted to know. I did peek when I was being lifted onto the Simathe’s horse but turned swiftly from the ghastly sight. I should’ve known better than to disobey the Chief Captain.
Once settled on Ilgard’s horse, I buried my face in his chest, fighting down the nausea. He said nothing but started the horse moving at a careful pace, clasping me with one arm while guiding the animal with his free hand. During that silent ride down the mountain, I continued to shake, unable to erase mental images of Jonase’s attack or his death.
The creature had lain there on his stomach, a wicked, three-pronged weapon like an ornate pitchfork protruding from his back. Already, congealing blood soaked both the corpse and the grass surrounding it. More of the same trickled from his mouth, pooling on the ground beside his white face. The fingers of one pale hand clenched a clump of bloody grass in a death grip.
Even though I was safe now, I knew both that picture and today’s failed rape attempt would likely haunt me for years to come.
*   *   *
Stooping, Lord Ilgard placed me carefully on the bed. I saw a frown slide across his stern features, disappearing in the blink of an eye. Dipping his thumb in a nearby cup, he used the water to scrub something off my cheek.
“What is it?” I asked softly.
“Blood,” he replied shortly, turning aside.
I shuddered, remembering the sticky drop that had fallen from Jonase’s lips.
“Ilgard?”
“Aye, lass?”
He was prepared to leave with a hand already on the doorknob, but at my call stopped and looked back.
“H—how did you know to come?”
“We are Joined, are we not?”
“I know.” I rose from a sitting position on the bed where he’d placed me. “But I thought maybe, with you being so far away and all, you wouldn’t…I mean, the Joining wouldn’t allow for distances and all that.”
It was a stumbling speech, but he got the message.
“No, my lady. Before you retired last evening, I sensed your anticipation. Knowing you planned a thing, and knowing your…occasional lack of forethought, I thought it best to return straightway.”
Occasional lack of forethought? I supposed that was a nice term for idiotic plans.
“Where did you go in the first place?”
“To fetch the fairy, naturally.”
Aureeyah? Why did he go get her?
Before I could ask, he added, “My lady acted very foolishly.”
“I know,” I admitted quietly, hanging my head.
What could I say? It was true. If he come right out and called my plans idiotic, I could hardly have argued.
“I hope my lady now understands the necessity for our Joining,” he continued. “My warriors instigated a search for you as soon as they discovered you missing. Yet, had we not been Joined, I couldn’t have known to return as I did. I wouldn’t have known what manner of danger you faced, nor where you’d gone. Had we not been Joined, had you been destroyed, all of Aerisia’s hopes would have perished with you.”
Peering up through my lashes, I observed his face closely as he spoke. Outwardly, he was cool and impassive as always, yet this was, perhaps, the longest speech I’d ever heard him make.
When he fell silent, I clutched his cloak tighter about myself, feeling an urge to say something. To do something. To reassure him. To thank him. At that moment, I realized Cole had been right all along. At that moment, I was grateful to this strange man for Joining with me. I was even humbled by it.
As I stared up into those rough-hewn features, I felt a curious stirring in my soul…a sweet something I’d never felt before. Not for him, not for any other man. It was more than attraction. It was a stirring, a captivation that began in the heart, not the flesh. It bade me draw near, made me want to speak, want to express my gratitude.
I didn’t stop to think. If I had, I would never have had the courage to act.
Rising on tiptoes, I pressed close against him, laying a hand to his cheek and bringing his face to mine. Boldly, I brushed a kiss down his unshaven jaw before letting my hand fall, slide around his neck. Hugging him hard, I allowed my actions and all I knew he could read in my heart to speak for themselves. When I finally released him, I stepped away, whispering a soft, “Thank you. For everything. I promise—I promise I’ll try to do better. Really, I will.”
He said nothing, just looked. For an instant, I thought he would take me in his arms and was shocked by how wildly I wanted him to. He didn’t, though. Instead, he nodded once, just once, and made his way quickly from my room.
Strangely disappointed, I stared at the closed door a long time before moving woodenly to take advantage of the bath I’d found prepared and waiting for me upon my arrival.
Chapter Forty-Nine
Nightmares
 
Tonight, the Simathe High-Chief did not trust his lady’s safekeeping merely to the guards stationed at opposite ends of her corridor. Tonight, he also kept watch, leaning against the wall outside her door, refusing to leave, unable to sleep. Weary in body and soul, he scrubbed a hand roughly over his face. When he found his fingers lingering on the spot where she’d pressed her mouth for a kiss, he jerked them down. Angry, he stared at them as though they belonged to a stranger’s hand instead of his own that had served him for three thousand years.
Tonight, he felt every one of those years.
Crossing his arms, he relaxed his weight against the stone wall. Lifting his face to the ceiling, he closed obsidian eyes, drawing and releasing a deep breath.
Never had he experienced the sheer terror he’d felt today. It had been hers, of course, but as he sped up the mountainside in pursuit of her, her terror had become his. His only thought that he must find her, the girl’s fear had been a magnet drawing him as steadily to her as rains from the heavens fall surely to the earth. Then, to break free of the trees, only to find that creature in the very act of forcing himself upon her…
The warrior swallowed hard, tasting afresh the fear, the rage, the hatred filling him at the scene. Without stopping to think, he’d leapt from the back of his Restless, plunging his yedin deep in the creature’s back.
The creature…Jonase.
She’d no conception of what that being truly was. But Ilgard knew, knew full well, and he cursed himself bitterly for ever having left her alone. He wanted to curse his warriors, as well. How could they have permitted this to happen? Norband. Cole. Kan, stationed to guard her door. Any one of them could have—should have—prevented this.
He’d restrained himself, however, when Kan had come to him with the entire tale as soon as he departed the Artan’s chambers. Knowing himself at fault, Kan had delivered the whole account unflinchingly. No details were spared. Whatever the other man may have expected as punishment for his misstep, he was certainly unprepared for his High-Chief to dispatch him back to his post. Many would be astonished at such leniency. Ilgard, though, knew that having once been beguiled, the younger warrior would now be doubly on guard against any similar tricks.
Truth be told, the warrior-lord supposed he could place but slight blame upon Kan for permitting himself to be fooled by the young Artan. Compared to others of his race, the man was young—younger even than Cole, having only recently exchanged other pursuits for a warrior’s life. Watching a corridor had been considered a safe, easy task. However, Norband, who’d stationed him there, could little have foreseen the resiliency of this girl who, by all rights, ought to have been hiding away in her bedchamber and avoiding all contact with her hosts as much as possible. Certainly, she should not have been bold enough to orchestrate an escape from Treygon. But she had. And Kan, unfamiliar with women and their ways, had succumbed only too easily to her deceit.
Ilgard shook his head in wry disbelief, thinking that women were not only difficult to decipher but impossible to predict. And this one—her unpredictability was matched only by her powers of transformation. She’d arrived in Treygon a wet, bedraggled waif but had appeared in the dining hall several evenings past in a splendid gown and looking as fetching as a fairy. If she not had done that, perhaps Kan would not have neglected his duty.
In an attempt to work out the mystery of the Artan, he let his mind carry him back through all the days he’d known her: from the first glimpse of her at Laytrii as she huddled, sobbing, in Moonkind Rittean’s arms—much as she’d done this very day in his own—to seeing her fall clumsily to the balcony floor. Looking small and lost in the overlarge clothing provided for her first night in Treygon, then lovely in the shimmering Spinner’s gown of blue. Warrior-like as she took to their training fields for practice with her bow, and last of all to her weeping in that torn dress until he’d covered her with his own cloak.
Groaning deep within, the Simathe pushed aside those fascinating images of the dark-haired, captivating young woman. Had she been as other maidens of Aerisia, she would not affect him this way. Had she not been Joined to him, did he not taste her every tear and joy and pang like they were his own, he would not think of her after this fashion.
But she was.
And he did.
Although he strove mightily to think of other things, for once the famed Simathe ability to imprison and quash all unwanted thoughts and feelings failed him, and Ilgard found himself replaying over and over again the sensation of her lips brushing his skin…
*   *   *
Aureeyah had offered to sit with her for the night, but in the end his lady had declined, saying she wished only to sleep.
As the fairy departed, she placed a hand on Ilgard’s arm, saying in private tones, “She may not sleep as she thinks she will. Her dreams may keep her awake. If she calls, you will attend her?”
He’d given his word. Yet, in the aftermath of his own private war, the High-Chief found himself wishing the fairy had stayed and hoping the lass would not call. For a time it seemed this would be the case. Several hours crawled by, and she made not a sound. Within himself, he felt her inner workings keeping pace with her deep, even breaths. She slept, and all was peaceful.
Then it happened.
He felt first a vague disquiet—unsettling, worrisome. As it increased, she grew restless. From behind her closed door he heard quiet moans and the bed’s muffled squeaks. Finally, the panic erupted into a tidal wave that smashed her cruelly. As it crested, she began to scream.
Without thought, he threw open the door, dashing into the chamber and to her side. Although she still slept, it must have been a sleep of fearsome nightmares. Her body was rigid with fear. Sweat glistened on her face, mingling with the tears streaming down her cheeks. Her hands clenched the twisted blankets in a grip so tight her knuckles were white.
Bending over her, he grasped her by the shoulders and gave her a shake. “My lady?” She did not awaken. Her cries grew louder. “Lady Hannah, wake up, my lady!”
Her eyes flew open mid-scream, and she bolted upright in the bed. Huge eyes of brown and green sought his. “Ilgard,” she panted, “oh thank goodness!” She covered her face with trembling hands. “It was a dream. Just a dream. Only a dream, Hannah, just a dream…”
He was unsure what to do, but sank down beside her, pulling her hands from her face. They were cold. Much too cold. He set to rubbing them briskly between his own, trying to warm them. Breathing heavily, she seemed unaware of his ministrations, her gaze fixed on some distant point over his shoulder. Her stare was glassy and vague. She did not notice when Kan, having heard the screams, poked his head into the bedchamber to inquire, “Is my lady well?”
Ilgard continued to chafe her icy hands. “Aye, merely a dream. Resume your post.”
Nodding, the other man left, securing the door behind him.
“Lady Hannah?”
He knew he must bring her out of this, yet she didn’t seem to hear his voice. In all his years, he’d never faced such a situation. What would an ordinary man do? Gather her close? Shake her? Make her cry?
Acting on instinct, he released her hands and grasped her once more by the shoulders, turning her body toward his. “My lady,” he repeated, more forcibly this time, squeezing her shoulders harder. “My lady, look at me, please.”
She jolted, startled, but finally looked up into his face. “Ilgard.” She whispered his name as if noticing him there for the first time. “It was so awful. I was dreaming, I thought—”
She stopped. Closing her eyes, she dropped her forehead onto his chest. “But it was just a dream,” she murmured. “Only a dream…”
Stiff, the Simathe was uncertain what to do. Through their bond he sensed her nerves strung tight, her emotions raw, her need for comfort. Should he call the fairy? He was afraid to disturb the Artan, even for that. Hoping to soothe her, he slid an arm about her waist and with his free hand set to rubbing her back in slow, circular motions. This close, he could hear her breathing and inhale the scent of her damp hair. She seemed calmer, within and without, but she did not pull away from him, nor he from her. Perhaps he should, but what if she panicked again?
Strange, new territory, this.
Eventually, through their bond, he felt her panic fading away. Safe in his arms, sleep now threatened to overtake her. It was for the best. He could ill afford any silly entanglements, and she desperately needed sleep. Gently, he eased her down onto the pillows, her eyes having already closed. Drawing the blankets about her shoulders, he tucked them deftly, briskly around her body. With that, he stood to leave, the bed groaning in complaint. Disturbed by the sound, she stirred, her eyelids fluttering half-open.
“Ilgard?” She squinted sleepily, his name a drowsy question.
“My lady?”
“He won’t come back, will he?”
If the creature did return, it would not be to Treygon.
“No, my lady,” he said. “He’ll not return.”
“You promise?”
He promised.
“Ilgard?”
“Yes, Lady Hannah?”
“Ilgard…I’m so sorry,” she whispered. “I’d never want anything bad to happen to Aerisia. Or to you. If I’m your Artan…” She paused, and he waited. Never had she admitted that she even might be the fulfillment of prophecy. “If I am,” she concluded, “I need to do better, don’t I?”
He didn’t want to say, “Aye, you do,” even though it was true. Evading the question, he simply said, “You are the Artan, and now you must sleep. Good night, Lady Hannah.”
But she wasn’t finished yet.
“Ilgard, help me. Help me learn,” she pleaded sleepily. “I just…I don’t know what to say or do or think anymore. Everyone wants me to become the Artan, but I have no idea who she is! It’s like my life isn’t my own, and I don’t even know why. I have to know, though. What happened today—it didn’t happen without a reason, did it? There must be a reason why. A reason why me.”
Although he doubted she would remember any of this come morning, maybe it boded well that she was reconsidering her stubborn stance against learning, against being the Artan.
“There is certainly a reason,” he reassured her. “One day you will know you are the Artan. You will know your magic, your strength, and your purpose in Aerisia.”
“Will I? It seems impossible.”
“Nothing is impossible,” he soothed. “Goodnight, my lady.”
Once more, he tried to leave. Once more, she prevented him.
“Ilgard, please don’t leave me alone.”
“I will be outside your door.”
“I know.” Her voice was trailing off into sleep’s soft whispers. “But I want you in here. I don’t want to be alone.”
He hesitated, thinking through the implications of that request before deciding. Of course it was safe, but was it wise? Possibly not, but he was sworn to her. He was her bondmate. How could he leave if she truly needed him?
“Very well,” he answered quietly.
Reassured by his pledge, she smiled a tired smile. Before the next moment passed she’d surrendered, losing herself in oblivion’s embrace.
*   *   *
Morning came slowly, the sun rising over the high, jagged peaks of the Unpassed Mountains. The first hints of its subtle glow roused him. He opened his eyes to the young woman curled up on his lap, her face buried in the hollow of his neck, one of her arms draped across his chest. Her breath fanned out over his skin, while her hair was spread like a mantle around his shoulder. Its fragrance, like the softness of her body, entranced him as nothing ever had.
Earlier, keeping his promise not to leave her, he had sunk down to sit on the floor beside her bed, ready should she need him.
The third time she awoke screaming, inconsolable, he had gotten up, wrapped her in a blanket, and carried her to the chair in front of the fireplace. There, settled firmly on his lap, she had soon fallen asleep and had yet to awaken. Lulled by the hypnotic sighs of her deep, even breaths, sleep had finally claimed him as well for the first time in several days and nights.
Finding his arms had grown numb during the past hours, he shifted them, seeking a position of greater comfort. She shifted too, moaning softly, but did not awaken. Placing one hand against her cheek, the Simathe pressed her face into his shoulder, using his fingers to shield her eyes from the light as the sun climbed higher and higher in the morning sky.
Absently, he stroked a thumb across her cheek, savoring the moment, knowing it would never come again. He felt no particular need to let it slide by too soon. After all, it had not been an easy night. He would wait awhile, he told himself, let her obtain the slumber she needed. While she did, he would think on her requests for help—help in discovering herself as the Artan. Whatever they had done wrong thus far would have to be corrected. Somehow, someway, she must realize who she was.
Being Joined to her, it was only logical he should assist her. In many ways he knew her better than anyone else, but in others, not at all. The path they walked was uneven, unknown, slippery, and dangerous for them both. Nevertheless, he would do what he could for her. After all, protecting his homeland was his duty fully as much as hers. So, by working together, they would somehow defeat the Dark Powers and save Aerisia.
Somehow, someway…
Together.
 
 

 
 
So far, my journey has been pain and confusion, loss and longing. True, there have been lighter moments, but right now they seem eclipsed by the darker times. I’ve started new friendships and tasted attraction—crazy and bewildering as that attraction may seem. I’ve lost one life but now have the chance to build a new one in a new world. The question is, do I want to? Am I capable of it?
There are so many questions I need answers to. I need to know why me? I need to know if this is me: a me I’ve never known, a me I’ve never met, but a me I can become.
This Artan person, this woman of magic…I can’t picture myself as her. However, all my experiences in Aerisia up to now have taught me one important lesson: I can’t go on this way. I can’t keep relying on everybody else to protect me, defend me, shelter me, take care of me. I’m an adult. I’m a grown woman. It’s time to start acting like one. It’s time to stand on my own two feet. Whether I can be what everybody expects, I can’t say. But I know this—I’m going to try.
Magic still seems like an elusive thing, something intangible and out of reach. Maybe it is. But if it isn’t, I’m going to know and I’m going know for sure, because I know it’s time to reach for magic. Right now, reaching for magic sounds as high as reaching for the stars, but perhaps there’s a chance, a real chance, that someday I’ll touch those stars.
At any rate, I know my journey has only just begun. There’s far more to come, and it’s time for me to discover where the path I’m on will lead.
 
 
LOOK FOR BOOK TWO, AERISIA: GATEWAY TO THE UNDERWORLD
 

 
WANT TO BE NOTIFIED AS NEW BOOKS FROM GRIFFINEUS PUBLICATIONS BECOME AVAILABLE?
 
Sign up here and new release notifications will come straight to your inbox!
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
A genuine “Okie from Muskogee,” Sarah Ashwood grew up in the wooded hills outside the oldest town in Oklahoma. Former co-editor of the webzines “Moon Drenched Fables” and “Moon Washed Kisses,” Sarah is also author of the poetry volume “A Minstrel’s Musings” and the ebook short “Amana,” along with numerous other published works. In her imagination, she soars effortlessly through time and space, as well as historical and fantastical worlds. In real life, she lives (mostly) quietly at home with her husband and sons. Sarah’s works from Griffineus Publications include The Sunset Lands Beyond trilogy. Follow Sarah on Facebook for the latest updates on her work.
 
 

 
 
BOOKS IN THE SUNSET LANDS BEYOND TRILOGY
 
Aerisia: Land Beyond the Sunset
 
Aerisia: Gateway to the Underworld
 
Aerisia: Field of Battle
