Moogie Covenant

Dedication
I want to dedicate this book to my family,
because they were so supportive,
even after I killed them in the first chapter.
=-}


Introduction:
Thank you for picking up my book.
I sincerely hope you enjoy it.


Moogie Covenant
By Morgan Routh

Copyright © 2012 by Morgan Routh

Thank you for downloading this ebook portion. You are welcome to share it with your friends. These chapters may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided these chapters remains in its complete original form.
Thank you for your support.

Published by Routh Enterprise
Phoenix Arizona, USA
MorganRouth.com

Cover design by Lilie Routh

First Edition Paperback: 2012
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction.  The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious.  Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, places, incidents or entities is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Summary: Frozen in a child's body, young Moogie must face eternal life as she has come to know it. Violent, trying, and cumbersome as she makes decisions of the shades of evil she is, whether it is murder, identity, or her struggling obsessions.   Moogie is not pronounced like a cow moo, it sounds like:  muh-gee.

ISBN: 978-0-9887155-3-0  
RRT 140413   Cover 2


Chapter 1
In the Classroom

2010
Is the clock trying to be slow? Tic, tic, tic, I watched the second hand slowly inch closer to the twelve. Come on! I squirmed in my seat as my impatience craved for it to go faster. Just ten more seconds until spring break. Ten, nine, eight, seven… I counted down until that poorly recorded dinging sound projected through the out-of-date intercom system. Finally, I was beginning to believe it would never come.
I slung my backpack over my shoulder and slipped out the door. In the hall children raced to escape, including me; nobody wants to be at school more than they have to. 
In the midst of the chaos, slamming lockers, squeaking tennis shoes, and the rumble of hundreds of conversations, I watched my peers manage to dodge out of each other’s way to the sunshine.
I rode the crowd to the double doors where the bus pickup is just outside. I took one last glance behind me at the halls. In the corner of my eye I noticed somebody fall over, their possessions scattered everywhere, and she fell victim to the stampede of feet trudging passed her.
Nobody bothered to help, and she hesitantly picked up her shoe printed notebooks before disappearing into the crowd. I was helpless to fight against the rowdy kids to reach her, so I turned to soak up the heat, barely giving it a second thought. Good-bye seventh grade homework for a week!
I boarded the bus and tried to dodge the flying objects and ignore the industrial smell. At the back of the bus I plopped down on the tough, gray fabric seat my best friend Angel always saved for me.
Angel glanced up from her phone’s screen and smiled. I greeted her with the usual enthusiasm and she closed the flip phone.
Angel and I have been best friends ever since I can remember. She’s my only friend, and it seems the other people at school just don’t see me. 
Usually I’m the girl everyone forgets about unless they are staring at me directly in the face. She, unlike everyone in my life, sincerely wants to spend time with me, and I’m as happy as somebody with thousands of friends. 
Angel has frizzy, poofy, dark, deep red hair that contrasts her round and soft face. She’s squishy and very big, but not exactly overweight, and awkwardly too tall. She looms over everyone, including me, and has bulky, uncomfortable braces.
Angel had been made fun of for her looks, and her name Angelica, because it sounds a little strange. In fifth grade I renamed her Angel, and she was overjoyed to be called the better substitute. 
I remembered the conversation we had, she crossed her arms and said, “You know if you get to rename me, I should give you a better name too!” And in our little fifth grade minds it made complete sense, from that day on forever I will always be Moogie, and she will always be Angel. 
The bus rumbled to life, adding smoke to the dusty smell. I dug around for the last few pieces of gum in my backpack and shared it with Angel while we talked. The kids on the bus yelled and chatted, still throwing various objects and trying to yank the windows down.
 A pencil ended up in my hair; I pulled it and stuck it in my backpack. Finders keepers right? 

“Did you hear about the party at Justin’s house?” Angel chatted. I racked my brain to think of it; nothing came up, I shrugged, “No, when is it?”
“Next weekend, are you going to go?” 
“No, I’m going on a family camping trip all spring break.” Her sky blue eyes turned slightly dismayed, “Oh.”
I looked out the window, nothing exciting there, just a lot of desert landscaped lawns and one-story houses, although, nearly every house I can see has an infestation of desert daisies. 
Around the same time every year they spring up. No other plants exist like the daisies, appearing out of nowhere, blanketing yards as far as the eye can see, and then dying suddenly when the temperature hits the horrible summertime heat. Amazing how such a pretty flower, a marvel to life, could be known as a weed, and do so much damage when they finish their life span.
My street sign appeared and I prepared to leave. Angel’s house is one more stop. The bus came to a sudden jerk and threw everybody forward. I scrambled to shove everything back in my bag before getting up and leaving. Three other kids rose and we left the bus. Parting down at the crossroad to home, I headed towards my cul-de-sac on the next street.
Today it was extremely bright outside, and of course, it was hot. That’s everyday in Phoenix, Arizona. But today, in the distance, I could see looming storm clouds. It might rain tonight! We only get rain around five times a year; this is almost a special occasion for me. 
My house is at the edge of the cul-de-sac. In the front yard there’s a pull-through driveway with large river rocks bordering it. Behind that where the house’s façade should display our front porch and door, a giant white wall spanned from side yard to side yard encapsulating the house into a private, fortress-like building.
Back when the wall had just been built, I painted flowers all over it so the front didn’t have to look boring. The flowers are faded some, but everyday I admire them.
Going around to the back I strolled through the gate. My backyard is the opposite of the dusty Arizona streets and gravel lawns, across the yard is lush, green grass. I passed the boat parked along the fence and stepped across the porch.
Out in the middle of the yard is the new trampoline from last Christmas, and like all other houses on the block there is a large pool built in the middle. I noticed the trees planted around the area were full of fruit. It’s time to pick again! 
My sister and I love to make orange juice from the fruits. I made a mental note to pull out the baskets from the shed when we get home from the cabin. 
To get into the house I used the key around my neck to unlock the glass paned backdoor. A gust of cool air-conditioned air blew into my face, and it felt spectacular. 
In the kitchen, I prepared myself a snack. While the microwave was going I picked at a crack in the brown wall. Every wall in my house is brown, one shade or another, I always feel warm and welcome here.
The microwave beeped, I opened up the popcorn and carried it with me to my bedroom.
My Great Dane came in to see what I was eating. She sat down next to me on the floor and I fed her some popcorn. Lilie has a gray and white fur pattern with black splotches here and there. She is petite and a runt compared to other Danes, but she still weighs more than me. Her most striking features, what I love the most about her, is her intelligence. She always gets what she wants, and if she doesn’t she uses patience and cunning to get it.
For example, one time I was sitting on the couch doing homework and she was trying her best to eat the shoes on my feet. I shooed her away and she waited ten minutes just watching me. At one point I fell asleep there and when I woke up she had kidnapped my left shoe and was chewing on it in the comfort of my parent’s bed down the hall.
She isn’t completely evil though, along with her princess-like attitude she has distinct splotches on her back shaped like a diamond, a club, a spade, and a few hearts. I’ve loved that dog since she was born, and I would do anything for her.
Lilie laid her head on my lap and closed her eyes, that is, after I gave her the rest of my popcorn.
We sat like this until a dog started barking outside, and she jumped to life and sprinted out of my room to return the call. I was left alone.
 I started packing my suitcase early out of boredom. My little sister arrived home shortly after.
Everyday she sees me and some how she acts as if I haven't seen her in years, today was no exception.
I heard her loud shoes clomp down the hall, and then they stopped right outside my door. She threw open my bedroom door and ran in saying “Hi Moogie!” I was then trapped in a bone-crushing hug. She let me go and stared at my forehead “You have a giant zit on your face.” With my personal space violated and my face insulted I jumped up and shoved her out of my room. She shoved me back and ran away to the kitchen before I could retaliate.
I went to the bathroom to gather my hair brush and tooth brush for the trip. I checked myself in the mirror and noticed I did have a gigantic red zit right in the middle of my forehead.
For around five minutes I tried popping that zit. I usually don’t have zits on my pale white face, but when I do they really stick out; they don’t even look like my freckles! My waist length golden blonde hair doesn’t cover up any of the zits either. Maybe if I had bangs they would cover them up.
It was sixish when my parents arrived home. My sister had her suitcase packed and she was in the car twenty minutes before we were going to leave. After five minutes she returned to the living room bored from sitting in the car alone. I went back to my room and checked to see if I forgot anything, nope.
Everybody was already in the car when I got in. My sister was bouncing off the walls happy. Lilie had laid her head on my lap and I noticed something green sticking out of her mouth. I grabbed it and realized it was the limb of one of my sister’s dolls. Lilie snatched it back and it disappeared in her mouth.
Mommy drove everybody down the freeway until Dad realized they needed to go to his office to pick something up. My dad and mom work as scientists doing DNA stuff for a private company. Honestly, that’s all I really know.
The office is pretty far away, and in the middle of the desert. There aren’t any offices near it.
When we got there I needed to use the restroom, so I entered the office with Dad. The place has a small waiting room. There was a desk in the middle and a woman in a lab coat sitting behind it. The room had plain checkered tile with cream colored wall paper. Behind the desk the room split into two halls, I went down the left while Dad went down the right.
Before I took any steps though, the lady, which I remembered her as some sort of assistant for my dad caught me and said, “Hello again! I haven’t seen you in so long!” I turned to look at her. She was very plain, just like the rest of the room. A cordate face, brown eyes, and she had her brown hair tied up in a lose bun. I smiled and nodded, I didn’t know what to say, I didn’t even remember her name. So I smiled some more and said I needed to run to the bathroom. She said we would talk afterwards.

The restroom was pretty boring, three stalls and sinks that were a little too short. I need to find something to talk about too, or I’ll look like an idiot in front of her. If only my sister could come in to save the day. Once she starts talking she doesn’t stop.
I spent a while looking in the scratched up mirror trying to find any zits I hadn’t popped yet. 
My sister is probably dying of boredom right now; she hates it when I take my time. Maybe I should take a little longer.
I stood staring at my reflection. I’m definitely not grown up, my face is too young, and I’m short and under developed. I wish I was a little taller; some kids in my seventh grade class can already pass as twenty-year-olds. My eyes don't seem to have a specific color, sometimes greenish blue, other times bluish green, I couldn't tell what they were today, they just seemed dark.
When I finally finished, I reached for the door handle, then stopped. Sharp, screeching sounds pierced my ears from outside the door. What was that? I pressed my ear against the door. Is that high pitched singing?
I opened the door a crack; a tall man with wild black hair in ripped clothing was holding the assistant against the wall. The man with the wild black hair was saying “You left the cage open!” Or something like that, and laughed at her. The assistant was sobbing hysterically. 
Where did he come from?
Behind them was a girl with lava red hair who looked around fifteen or sixteen, she was the one singing and she twirled in a smock like from the doctor's office.
“P-please don’t. I-I” He shushed her lightly and put her down, he smiled fondly at her, and I let out the breath I realized I was holding.
He looked kind of scary for a moment. The redheaded girl stopped singing and snickered. And the tall man grabbed the bun of her hair and pulled it back. 
The girl started singing again and the assistant screamed. The lyrics of the girl’s song finally processed in my brain, “Kill! Kill! Kill! The stupid human! Kill! Kill! Kill! So we can escape! Come on Ja-Ja-Jonathan, Kill! Kill! Kill!”
I blinked, and the assistant was on the floor. The man, Jonathan had nearly ripped her throat out of her neck. Blood poured out onto the checkered tile and dripped off his face.
I trembled, my head was in a daze, everything suddenly got slower. She’s dead, she’s dead. It didn't exactly cook in my mind. I bit my lip to hold back a scream; what if he sees me? Where’s Dad? I need to get out of here.
The man named Jonathan smiled brighter at the body. The girl started skipping around the room, “Jonathan killed EVERYBODY, YAY!” Jonathan turned to the girl slightly irritated, “Twenty years with you, Marit, and you are still annoying.” The girl-Marit smiled sweetly and said “But you love me. And we’ll always win together.” They turned to leave, and he looked down at Marit and affectionately pet her hair. His dark grin baring yellowed teeth stained my mind. “Let’s go home.”
I stood frozen, petrified he would return for me. He just killed her with his teeth! What if he’s still outside?
My knees grew weak and I dropped to the floor. I held my breath and scooted backwards behind the trash can. I clasped my hands around my ears, I pulled my legs in and closed my eyes, focusing on the blackness.
Outside I could hear sounds, first a shrill scream, my dog barking and then her sharp yelp. Two screams now, one choked up and then silence. I held my breath and pressed my hands harder to my ears.
"Help." I whispered in my mind, I shook my head and pressed my face into my knees.
I curled up for several long moments after that, trying to quiet my breaths as much as I could, trying to make myself silent. 
The moment came when I was sure they left, I gradually crawled out of my hiding place behind the trash can, and still on my hands and knees I pushed the door open with one hand. A stream of blood advanced and touched my other hand, I flinched and pulled away, but I lost my balance and my elbow splashed in the fresh blood as I tried to catch myself.
I squealed and jumped to my feet before sprinting though the waiting room in terror. My foot splashed in a pool formed near the woman's pale broken neck. 
Down the hall I slipped on a mess of papers and landed hard on my knees. I shrieked and caught a sob before holding my breath again to stay silent. I frantically stumbled forward but turned my head to see the waiting room door. Nobody was there.
I scrambled into the main lab. My father’s other assistant was on the floor. My mouth dropped open as I realized his head was completely turned the wrong way, and a big unnatural bluish bulge stuck out on his neck.
I noiselessly screamed in abhorrence, and dashed way with blurring tears. "Dad!" I cried. "Daddy!" I sobbed louder. 
I slammed through the door of the second room of the lab, cages aligned along the walls. Two of the cage doors were thrown open and nearly broken off their hinges. I searched with my eyes around the room. The overthrown equipment and papers along with computer apparatus scattered the floor. “Dad! Dad! Where are you?” I called.
I dropped to my hands and knees again and I checked under broken tables and other things. Directly ahead of me a man lay nearly dead on the floor with a pearly white bone ripped out of his leg, blood dripping off of the end. 
“Dad!” I whispered. Blood spattered onto me as he fought to breathe through his torn throat. The sight of him stunned me, “Dad.” I whimpered.
The nearly detached skin that used to exist on his neck hung on loose threads that threatened to rip off as he twitched and jerked. I watched his hand move.
“Dad, they are all dead! And those bad people are gone, we need to go before they come back." I started back up; he didn't make effort to get up with me. "Come on!” He couldn’t talk, he tried but just made gurgling sounds, blood trickled out of the side of his lips, and out of the hole on his neck. I sobbed his name, “Dad, the hospital, we need to go, everything is going to be alright!”
I dropped back to my knees, and his head twitched to one side. He stroked my hair with a bloody hand. My voice cracked between sobs, “Dad, Dad! We need to leave!” He twitched his head again, and then reached for the briefcase next to him. 
He opened it and put together a syringe with a strange liquid. I wiped my tears away “What is that?” Dad didn’t answer; he only raised the syringe and stabbed it into my leg.
The force sent a dull but powerful shock through my leg, and I did nothing to stop him as he pressed down the plunger. The thick, dark liquid stung as it disappeared into my leg, “What-” Dad’s hand dropped and his chest fell. 
“No!” I shook him,
“No!” I screamed.
I found myself rocking back and forth, his blood was on my hands, and I balled my small fingers into fists. Fear pushed me to scoot away from him, the syringe needle stuck out in my leg; I ripped it out and threw it across the room. My leg felt so cold now, and hot. I sucked in my breath, my sobs never lessened, and my frantic movements made my hand slip.
I dropped and smacked my elbow on the hard tile, the pain startled me, sending a shock into my funny bone, I managed to jump up but hit my shoulder on a table.
“Ow!” Around me my world started soaking in the finer details. The room looked sullied and torn, thick puddles of bloody crimson gleamed and glistened brighter near me. 
My father’s body looked more real. I could see every aspect of everything magnified. My clothes looked intricate, braided down to the very fabric strands. 
I struggled to push myself back up, the fresh blood from my hands made light imprints on the floor. My breathing slowed down, my heart thumped slower. I felt less of a need to breathe, the adrenaline heating up my skin. The outside layer of skin grew hotter than the blood and muscle on the inside, the room I understood, was increasing in heat.
I rose and turned, smoke filled everywhere in the lab. I could almost see the individual particles floating around. A fire had broken out in the other room. Down the hall, smoke subsisted everywhere, and it was so thick! It was so hard to breathe, my leg, shocked and hurting, pushed me to run faster. The fire broadened, consuming everything. I quickened my pace, though it wasn’t chasing me.
 My shoe splashed through the puddle of blood again. My socks soaked, but I didn’t stop, the doors were feet away.
My hand shoved the door open, and I fell to the gravel and breathed the dusty air. “This can’t be happening.” I mumbled dourly to myself.
I didn’t know if it was the smoke or the dryness outside but my tongue was sandpaper, I felt like I had eaten mountains of salt and dust, and no water was in sight. My thoughts felt broken.
Home, I want to go home. So I started for the car at the end of the parking lot, a heap of gray and white fur laid limp in the middle of the road.
"Lilie?" I asked.
My dog didn't move.
“No!” I croaked louder. My feet couldn’t carry me fast enough, “No!” I cried. 
My legs had given away under me. Dusty, jagged rocks pierced my cheek as I sobbed into the ground. I banged my fists and scratched my face trying to hold on to sanity.
Her eyes stared blankly back at me, she laid still, more still than I had ever seen her. I reached out to touch her stomach, it was still warm. I shook her, "Lilie, Lilie," My hand pushed her body harder, "Lilie!" 
I violently shook her, "Lilie!" The sobs returned, I heaved and gagged as I wailed over her. "No, no, no, no." I repeated my denial and turned away, and my eyes caught the building.
The building burned; I had never seen such large fire in real life before. It was so uncontrollable, so scary. The mesmerizing fire held my attention, I clutched my dead dog's head in my lap for a long while. I tore my eyes from it and looked at the car. My voice hushed.
"Mommy?"
I could see one of her arms hung from the car. "Mom!" I called, nothing stirred in the car, "Baby?" my voice higher, I called to my sister's nickname.
Silence.
I stopped; emptiness filled my stomach with realization. And my eyes caught something scratched in corner of the car, right above the bumper, MARIT.

Chapter 2
The Diner

My vision spun; my innards consumed me. I turned around pulling my eyes from the car. Gingerly I lifted Lilie's head off my lap and placed it back on the ground.
I clambered up, pushing off the gravel. I need to leave, without a last glance my feet started away from the awful site. Run, run away coward, child. My thoughts were broken, incomprehensible mush.
The crackling of the building behind me sounded further and then away. A piece of the building crashed to the ground, was it the roof? The loud sound drove a stark jolt of fear in me. 
My walk changed to a stride and then a near sprint. My legs never slowed, nor did my breath feel short.
I coughed and tears streamed down my face. And I came to an abrupt halt. 
My body quivered, I stared into the nothingness ahead of me. Something was inside of me, I could feel it, almost elemental. And with a full breath of air in my lungs it heaved itself up me, and I bellowed a scream. It was beyond any other, and it bolted exactly what I felt.
I, had hatred.
I watched my trembling hands become still when I clenched them. The looming thunder clouds boomed and cracked with the same ferocity as my scream, answering the deep, natural call. 
Water poured to spite me as I shot through the desert. My feet touched the ground lightly and silently in a dangerous, predator efficiency. I wasn't running away anymore, I was running toward something. Someone.
The dirt turned to mud, it poured and poured, matting my golden hair and soaking my bloody shoes and skin.
I will kill them.
Of nothing ever in my life have I been so sure.
I will end their lives. 
The night was dark; the moon sometimes peeked through the clouds in rays of silvery light particles.
All around me for miles was just lonely desert. Not the slightest sign of humanity. I felt alone, as if the only human existing. Animals and plants scattered sparsely on the hard, wet dirt, and the moon occasionally faded. It didn’t affect my vision. 
When the moon showed I could see almost as if it was daytime, and when the moon disappeared it was as if somebody had put a sheet over a lamp. Not quite turning it off but still taking away most of the light.
Of all the camping trips and hikes with my family, I find that even at sunset it wasn’t as bright as I see now. On top of that I still see so much more detail, the spines of the cactus, movement of the little rodents and bugs. This night is unlike any other night I’ve ever lived, I feel as though a microscope focused into a finer detailed world. 
A coyote passed from the bushes, but didn’t dare step towards me. I stopped and met eyes with it, and then the small creature cautiously sauntered back into the bush, putting space between us. Lizards scuttled on the wet rocks and I strode on.
Continuing into the night the rain stopped and started, my mind changed from misery to hunger. But the hunger wasn’t like any other hunger; it had so much more depth, as if I hadn’t eaten in days. 
Images went through my head as I moved through the night, over and over. So detailed, I couldn’t get over that fact.
My tears started and stopped at different points of the early hours, I don’t remember how long I would cry or when it stopped. Sometimes for the hunger to go away, new untapped emotions of uncertainty, animosity, and sorrowfulness darted around my head. Marit and Jonathan’s face were there, laughing at me, they will feel what I have felt if it kills me.
Of all the emotions, I knew I loathed the strongest.
The need called for me to make their lives miserable before I kill them. I wanted to rip them limb from limb. Claw at their screaming faces; dig my nails into their soft, untainted skin. Remembering the horrors they’ve done to me, I need them to have double, to scream at their faces and make them see.
I indulged in violent dreams on how I would end them, trying to fathom it, how they would pay, it didn’t matter what the cost.
At midnight I reached a road, and walked alongside it. At dawn I reached a diner called Johnnie’s by the Tracks, and a train screeched by pushing my long golden hair forcefully behind me.
It was so quiet, isolated. No other structure beset the far spread desert, as if the lone diner was waiting for me.
My stomach snarled, the hunger ascended to the point where every thought was diverted to putting food in my mouth.
I dug deep in my pockets and found three crumpled up dollars and fifty two cents for a burger, it will have to do.
I walked in; a thin, middle aged lady with a pencil in her unnaturally blonde hair was smoking a cigarette behind the cash register. To my right I saw a businessman at a booth drinking coffee and typing on a computer. Everything was so loud; the cook in the back bustling around, the tap, tap, tap, of the man on the laptop, the waitress's heavy breathing. I half ran across the room to put the money on the table. 
“I’d like a cheese burger, with everything on it please.” The waitress tired and bored, replied “You don't have enough for that, you can have a plain burger. Want it for here, or to go?” Where would I go? I replied “For here,” and stepped to the booth behind the businessman.
The waitress was taking too long, my eyes darted to the clock. 
I swung my legs back and forth, and tapped my thumb with the ticking of the clock. Why isn’t she here? 
Then something caught my eye, something on the man’s neck. Was it a bug? No, my eyes watched it closer, a pulse. I could see it move, it looked so fragile under that thin film people call skin. 
I swayed to the side a moment, my mouth dry and sandy, the hunger clawing down on my stomach, searching for morsels to indulge on. His back seemed closer to me, I don’t exactly remember moving, but I found myself crawling on the table to get closer. Thump, thump, his smell, under that stingy cologne his oily neck made my mouth water. My jaw clamped, sucking the air through my teeth, I wanted to bite it, feel the warm meat crush under my teeth, letting the flavor gush down my throat.
It reminded me of the fruit snacks I used to own, every time I bit into one, sweet juice squished out. Sweet, only what I wanted tasted like meat.
The door from the kitchen swung open and I shot back in my seat. She didn't notice. The waitress carried a burger to my table. She muttered robotically, “Here you are,” and almost dropped the plate onto the table, letting a greasy, wilted French fry fall to the table. 
I snatched it up and shoved it in nearly whole. The burger didn’t help; it was almost as if I shoved a tasteless, warm hunk of foam down my throat. 
Disgusting. It didn’t fix it! I had so much anger built up in me, everything hurt; I wanted to lash out at the waitress. She had a mean attitude and I’m still in pain! I don’t want to cry anymore; I want her head! But she returned to the kitchen.
At that moment the man took out a letter and opened it. It was a small movement, but I noticed it right away. His thumb scraped the paper, I watched the thin edge sink under the top layer of his thumb. He pulled away and a droplet of red swelled outside his thumb. I could smell it from my seat; raw, warm, my head felt so foggy, my skull wanted to collapse into my brain. Everything slowed down, my emotions hushed and the noise of the diner drifted away.
He didn’t see me when I sank my teeth into his neck and drew deeply. I clamped my hand over his mouth to prevent screaming. He was so weak and fragile. I nearly broke his neck when he struggled.
More, more, I closed my eyes in bliss. His struggling was feeble to my arms, it was similar to holding my seven-year-old cousin down when she thought she could wrestle me into a headlock.
Then the juice stopped coming, it thinned and stopped. I needed more, now! I pulled myself from the dry body; it fell onto the keyboard with a thud. More juice, that’s all I need, just a little more. 
I went into the kitchen, a smelly old guy was at the grill, and the cook didn’t even have time to look at me. His flavor wasn’t as good as the first, and his skin tasted like grease and dirt. 
He struggled too, his head moving. But I clamped my hands down and thrust it away from me to hold the neck better. Bone snapped and he finally stayed still enough to draw more warm meat taste. 
I dropped him when he finished, I spat out the hairs from his sweaty neck and picked a few from my mouth before wandering to the freezer. The waitress was unpacking something; she saw me and pleaded with me in a tired voice, “Honey, you aren’t supposed to be back here. Please go back to your booth-what is on your face?” She reached her thin arm out to take my hand but I was fast. I took her arm, and easily as if she was one of my dolls, slammed her into the wall. 
I threw her so hard her head cracked, and a trail of blood smeared on the wall as she slid down, but that didn’t matter. I bit into her arm, and my cheeks started filling up with liquid. I released her and swallowed before taking into the wound again. She by far tasted the worst, and she smelled like smoke, but the pain subsided. I was relieved.
I sat down next to the body, and looked at it for a moment, not really comprehending what it was. My head cleared a little, but I was still pretty drowsy. 
My eyes slipped closed, for a second, and I startled back open.
Did I just go to sleep? No, it felt like I just woke up though. My head sharpened, all focus was completely back now. I looked around, then down, startled at the sight.
I stopped. Is it truly here? I didn’t really know what I was looking at until now. But now that I know what it is I remember everything else too. How could I forget it? It was seconds ago, but did I really forget?
My head started to hurt with all the confusion, everything felt loud in my mind, but an alarming silence only surrounded me. 
I closed my eyes, maybe this is all a very realistic dream, and I just need to wake up.
I opened my eyes and looked at the body. It was so fresh, almost as if she was sleeping, maybe she was. 
I imagined her getting up and scolding me for killing her, I almost smiled. What am I doing? What am I thinking? What have I done?
That thought went through my head over and over again, like a broken record but it didn’t feel right. It wasn’t real.
I wanted to cry again. She’s dead, they’re all dead! I killed them. 
I couldn’t be here any longer; I sprinted out of the freezer. I tripped over something big. My face hit grimy ground, I glanced up. Another body. 
I instantly flinched and almost screamed. I got up to my knees and scooted back until I hit the wall. He was so lifeless, a pool formed from his neck, just like what Jonathan did. 
I stared at the cook lying on the floor, his eyes staring into nothingness. There was a large foot print on his stomach. My footprint, I calmed down somewhat; I’m alone. They are harmless, defenseless.
My heart rate was slow, my head was cleared, and I shuddered. Nothing made sense.
They did nothing to me to ever deserve to die, those people have families and normal lives, and pets like Lilie. I’m just as bad as Marit and Jonathan. I couldn’t control myself. Why couldn’t I control myself?
Blood was dried on my face; I spit on my sleeve and wiped it off my cheeks.
What have I become? Why can’t everything just go back to normal? What did Dad do to me? I want to go home and pretend this never happened. But everybody is dead. Their bodies flashed through my mind. Marit’s singing echoed in my thoughts.
Anger and adrenaline spread. I slammed my feet into the cabinet, everything is all wrong!
With my own strength the cabinet snapped in half, jagged splinters scraped my leg. 
It made me feel more relaxed, but the cook still laid there. The problem wasn’t going to go away. I shuddered again and cried, “This doesn’t make sense!” I sobbed into my sleeve. The silence didn’t answer me. 
I brought my knees into my chest and wrapped my arms around them. 
Sometime after I cried I realized I couldn’t leave the bodies where they were. Somebody was going to discover them and call the police; my DNA and fingerprints are all over the bodies! What am I going to do with them? I could call the police myself and say I just discovered them here. I could bury them, that would take a while and there is blood all over the diner. I would have to bleach the place or something. 
What if I really did just walk out? I might be on the run the rest of my life. I imagined them dragging me off and shocking me in a big iron electric chair. Or giving me a lethal injection. 
I don’t want to die even if I deserve it. But I still don’t know what to do. What did I remember from the crime fighting shows? What mistakes did they make? I couldn’t conjure much from my memories. 
What did go through my mind was a strange girl in my class that loved survival and crime fighting shows. 
I went through a lot of different elaborate schemes, one involving me flying to Australia with the bodies disguised as mannequins. Then I came up with the simplest one yet.   
Maybe I could just burn the diner down with the bodies left in it. Nothing would be left to get evidence from.
How am I going to burn it down though? 
I left my curled up position and I searched the waitress’s pockets, and found a little cigarette lighter. Firewood, where is firewood now? Maybe the foam in the booths? I checked the booths, but the seats were plastic. I tried lighting them anyway. Nothing. Stupid! I kicked the chair getting a sharp pain in my big toe.
I ground my teeth, everything was hurting, sobs erupted from me. “I’m going to die!” I gasped. How am I going to burn this diner down?
I finally got up and started pacing, I had never paced before to think, then I wandered around, what to do, what to do. I wandered out to the parking lot and noticed three cars. 
I could drive deep into the woods and be a hermit, isn’t that what the Unabomber did? He got caught in the end though; the police could still find me and arrest me. What if I needed gas? I don’t know how to buy gas! I don’t know how to drive.
A movie scene went through my head, the police are chasing down a serial killer and they just found out where he was. They run in just in time as the killer was pouring gasoline on the bodies. The police arrest him and the main cop turns to him and said a cheesy line I can’t remember. 
I remember saying it weeks after every time I played cops and robbers with kids at school. What if the serial killer got away?
I need to get the gas out of the car. How am I going to do that? Is it even the right gas? Is there special lighting gas, or does car gas not work? I went back in the diner and found a few buckets and a mop. I took the mop out and carried the buckets outside. I stared at the first car; gas from the gas station goes into the hole on the side of the car. 
Then where does it go? I dropped to my knees and crawled under the car. 
Underneath the car looked dirty, completely different than its shiny paint job I was just looking at.
Several tubes connected to a tub-looking thing. I was pretty sure the tub thing was the gas tank and one of the tubes led to it.
I grabbed and yanked on a tube that led to a part of the tank, it didn’t budge. I yanked and yanked until I got tired.
Why couldn’t anything work? I yanked one more time, nothing. I got out from under the car; I kicked the side door and yelled at it, in stupid rage I punched in the back window, the glass shattered and my hand painfully scraped the shards, little streaks of red appeared on my hands when I shook it out.
It all stung and I hated myself more. Why couldn’t this go away? I returned into one of the diner booths and started crying again.
Something seemed wrong; I'm crying next to a body. Everything is wrong. I stared through the cracks of my hands at the table. Under the table I noticed something shiny in the body’s pocket. A clip? I reached down and pulled it out. It was a clip-on pocket knife. The blade unfolded, projecting my reflection, and I closed it back up.
Back under the car I started cutting the tube, it easily penetrated the plastic. After the tube was cut I aimed the open tube into the bucket. A small amount of liquid drained into the bucket and stopped. Wait, shouldn’t there be more? I looked into the bucket, it doesn’t look like gas. I wonder what it is.
Whatever it is, it isn’t enough to burn down the diner. I hadn’t gotten the gas. Maybe if I just stab a giant hole in the tank. 
I gripped the knife tightly and thrust it at the tank. My hand slipped up and I cut the soft stretchy skin between my thumb and finger. The knife ricocheted off the tank and tried closing back up. It ended up cutting into the back of my thumb which opened the gash further. 
Blood oozed out; I gripped my hand and bit my tongue. I tasted blood in my mouth. Blood was staining my clothes now. I scooted out and ran into the diner’s bathroom. My hand more than stung, it burned and I held my sobs again.
The blood from my tongue slid down my throat, I swayed in bliss at the delicious taste. What kind of psycho am I?
A rush of water from the faucet blasted into the wound. I stood frantically trying to clean the gaping cut. When the pain eased back, I tore a piece of the towel off and tied it around my hand. The smaller cuts around my hand had already scabbed and almost disappeared, it was abnormally fast. 
With my new sight, the cuts showed so much more detail, and my skin had rugged little squiggle lines. The hairs on my arm were so clear and individual; the dried blood was cracked and flaky-looking.
The towel wasn’t enough, blood soaked through. I tore the towel again, untied the first ripped piece and wrapped it back up. This was very difficult to maneuver with my left hand and I had to use my mouth to help tie some of it.  
I washed the dried blood from my face and tried to fix my hair to make it not look disgusting. It was just procrastinating though, I didn’t want to go back and face my problems. I just wanted to be in this small, neglected bathroom for the rest of eternity. 
I filled the sink with water and drained it a few times just to watch the water swirl with the blood muddled in it. I had never seen water so clearly. After that I paced around the room again. Ideas, ideas! I need to get the stupid gas out!
 If only I could suck out the gas magically. I thought about that, maybe I can, I darted out to the parking lot and picked up the pocket knife with my undamaged hand. I quickly sawed off the rest of the hanging down tube. My palm turned black with all the new soot on it.
I threw open the little door people use when they put gas into the car and I slid the tube in the dark hole.
Back when Dad had a fish tank he would siphon old fish water out and add new water to keep the fish tank from getting dirty.  Now how would he get the water out? I sighed, I can’t remember. 
With no hesitation, I put the dirt covered tube in my mouth and sucked as hard as I could. A revolting liquid rushed into my mouth and almost down my throat. The nauseating taste made me heave and my stomach acid burned going back down. The soot tasted like the road, and I spat as much as I could to eliminate the taste of fuel from my mouth.
Gas started flowing into the bucket. The bucket filled quickly and I replaced it with another. I carried the gas inside and put it down; then started dragging the bodies all together into a pile. 
I poured the gas all over the bodies and through the diner, and then returned to the parking lot to switch the buckets. I repeated this process until all the cars were drained, the dreadful taste of gas lingering in my mouth. 
After the cars were drained I stood back and admired my work. The bodies were neatly lined up, and they all had sufficient amounts of gasoline on them.
I felt strange, nobody knows I am here. No one will save me. I felt like I didn't exist anymore.
I reached over to the table and picked up the dead man’s laptop. The laptop had internet and I found out where I was. The diner I found was in the middle of nowhere and Phoenix was pretty far away. The laptop also had the time; which was 1:35 pm. I had spent several hours here, it felt like days. 
 Then I walked over to the cash register and took all of the money. I wandered to the body of the business man and took his carrying case for the laptop. After I loaded all the money, the pocket knife, the laptop, and the lighter I slung it around my shoulder and returned to the front area.
My body leaned against one of the booths as I glanced back around me. What am I going to do after this? Where am I supposed to go? 
I had made a trail of gas from the bodies to outside, and I stood where I didn't think the fire would get me. I started the lighter a few times until a small flame appeared, and brought it to the puddle of gas. The flame engulfed the gas, spreading through the room quickly. Smoke immediately filled the large room. I stood watching the flames until a beeping noise sounded. What was that?
To my horror, little droplets of water started to spray down at my fire. “No!” I roared. Warm tears started rolling down my cheeks “No! This is not fair!” The sprinklers put it out; the fire I worked so hard to get was ruined! No, no, no!
My tears splashed in one of the puddles.
The bodies were charred and there was a wretched smell of burning flesh. I backed up, leaving the scene, giving up. And I returned back on the road.
Night appeared before I reached the next town, my eyes drooped. I thought I even fell asleep a few times walking. I was somewhat thirsty but I was too fatigued to care. The streetlamps gave a russet, disgusting glow, shining every few yards. 
Loneliness, dread of death and gasoline tasted in my mouth, it pulled me down. I took a few more steps and it took a long time. My knees hit the ground and I didn’t have the strength to get back up. Maybe I scraped my knee, I didn’t really notice, only the smell. I started crawling, crawling into the near-by alley. My hand might have landed on some glass at one point of time; I don’t really remember any pain. I moved behind the tall dumpster and collapsed.
I had several dreams, but only one became apparent in my memories. It wasn’t a dream really, more in the nightmare category, and most of it was blurry.
Strong, bright colors filled my head; a blur of brown and checkered, red was next to the brown, no, coming out of the brown, but it was moving over the checkered. I had not the slightest idea what it was then, but I definitely knew I was scared out of my mind.
The dream shifted then, lots of red, a fire maybe? It was so bright, like a tidal wave of red…I just wanted to stare at it forever…
My eyes cracked open, the sun light showed immediately and was too bright. My eyes hurt, daylight is too much. I blinked them a few times until they adjusted. The sky was cloudless, and had returned back to its pale blue color. I examined my surroundings. Glass, dirt, and trash were scattered around the area. My head rose and my back stiffly with it as if I hadn’t moved in a very long time. I brushed all the dirt off my face and tried to avoid imagining what my hair looked like. 
My dream appeared in my head again and I realized what it was. Stresses of my life came back to me in a tiresome, grasping surge. 
I wanted to layback down and close my eyes, but the ground looked too disgusting to lie on.
For the rest of the day I continued walking, following the laptop’s map. The whole day was extremely hot. The sun still hurt my eyes enough I had to stop sometimes and close them a minute or two. Through the journey I didn’t really think, I just walked. I didn’t see the scenery, people, or cars but I knew they were there.
At around five o’clock I made it to my street, the houses were so familiar but new. Unseen blemishes displayed very visibly now. Even the daisies were different. 
Chapter 3
Hope

My house seemed to be the only thing in this twisted world to be the same. I almost didn’t expect it; as if it would never be there to relieve me from my exhausted journey. Inside the back gate I stood for a moment and shuddered with sudden disappointment, and then awe. 
The grass looked alive, and so GREEN, each blade danced together forming waves in a sea. The trees looked as if they had been half dying for years, and the white paint on the trunks cracked into fragile shapes. The world I’ve lived in, even here, was undeniably alien, and frightened me.
Bugs scurried and scuttled as unseen worlds lived in the cracks, crevices, and niches I never noticed until now, and I’d rather have never known about them. 
The house froze in time. Nothing was there, no loud TV playing stupid kid’s shows my sister loves, no sound of a collar jingling, not the tap tap of the keyboard at Dad’s desk. It was only empty.
I stood still a very long time. No sister to appear at my door and annoy me, her cheerful face never to smile at me with all the love in the world. My parents would never sweep me into a warm, suffocating hug. The cracks in the walls weren’t the same, nor did the brown paint seem welcome and warm, just depressing. 
Holidays, events, memories evaporated from the house. I stood right in the middle of the emptiness. The place felt like the turtle shell I found on the beach when I was six, empty, cold, and dead. 
My world is empty; I’m monstrous, and everything is so scary. What if I hurt somebody else? Nothing is here to stand in my way; I never knew what violence really was until today. I’ve killed, and I’m going to kill Jonathan and Marit.
My hands balled into fits as I thought about murdering them, about feeling sticky and warm red coat my hands while they lay on the floor with holes in their chests.
Warmth flooded into my cheeks, what am I thinking? Something sunk lower in my stomach, an eating desire. I ground my teeth to keep from screaming and collapsing. 
What was that liquid? What has it done to me? Or is this just me on the inside? I let go of my fists.
The thumb cut by the pocket knife ached every time I flexed it. But a scab had formed and the normal skin had healed into it. I stared at it, running my finger over the ridges of the scab, fascinated with the marvel.
The rest of the night I watched the news; at about three in the morning I gave up, took another shower and went to bed.
I woke up before the sun rose and watched more TV. Jonathan and Marit didn’t appear on it, nor did anything involving me or the diner.
Through the night the strange hunger occasionally poked at me, a twinge of pain in the numbness. I noticed when I calmed myself down for long periods of time I didn’t breathe right. My pulse had become significantly slower, slower to the point it might have been half what my heart usually beats. And if I sat up quickly my head grew light and I would feel sleepy. 
Days melted by. I mourned and longed for my parents to come comfort me, or my sister to hug me and tell me she loved me. Why did I shake her off so many times? Why didn’t I enjoy her love instead of feeling embarrassed, pushing her away?
I pulled the blanket closer to me, it smelled like Lilie. Shouldn’t I be doing something? Or at least feel something other than this cold, bleak nothingness, how can I escape this stupid self pity? I’m afraid to go back out there. What if I do something bad?
I hate doing nothing. I hate Jonathan and Marit. I hate dead bodies. Nobody I trust is here to ask for help or confess my problems; they’re all dead. This house feels so big and cold now. 
I’m fed up with the cold, and this blanket smells like a muddy puppy, where dog hair stuck to my clothes and poked my skin. After slowly prying myself off the part of the couch I hadn’t moved in for twenty minutes I sulked over to the air conditioner remote to turn up the heat.
After flipping a few switches, pressing the up arrow a couple times with a little too much anger and strength, it started beeping ERROR! 
I guess it doesn’t want to go very high. To try to reverse the issue I pressed the down arrow some. It kept beeping ERROR! And I smacked the little white box. The box smashed to the floor, and I bent down to pick it up. The pieces of the box had broken off and glass shards split everywhere, traveling as far as the other wall. “Stupid box.” I muttered to myself, and I dropped to my hands and knees to crawl over to the glass.
I picked up some larger ones but stopped and stared at all the tiny crystals sparkling on the floor, this will take forever. Creating a kind of broom, I started to scoot my arm across the floor to collect the pieces of glass into a pile. I followed the shards until they brought me right up to an old vent. 
It rumbled and hissed through the cover's slits caked in dirt. The vent, I knew about a secret behind the dirt, there was something very special, something I never dared to think about in years. Under the house Dad kept a secret lab. I was never allowed in, except one time when I was six.
Hesitantly, I opened the vent and poked my head inside. The cramped and dark box was bigger in my memories. I couldn’t see anything on the bottom except filters. Dad changed the air filters every two weeks, and he kept them stacked inside here. 
I moved the filters out of the way to find there wasn’t a door latch. I think I remember him pushing a secret button somewhere to the left. Where in the left was it? I ran my hands around the wall; it was completely smooth until I got to a knot in the wood. The knot felt indented, and I pushed it further in with my thumb. The knot disappeared into the wood adding a sound like “chink”.
Got it! A piece of the floor dropped, opening up a dark hole. I reached down and felt a piece of rough, splintery wood, no wait, two. One connected to the other. A ladder!  I placed my foot onto the horizontal piece and slowly descended. 
The place was pitch black until I touched the floor. A motion sensor went off with a soft beep and a light came on.
The lab was slightly smaller than my room; the floor was like the concrete Dad poured outside a few years ago. His techniques didn’t change; I saw rough parts, smooth parts, and uneven hills here and there. “Definitely Dad.” I mumbled. 
To my right, a bookcase that reached the ceiling was filled with tons of books. Some old, others newish, all of them looked thick and heavy. I didn’t recognize the titles, they were all about cells, cloning, and telomeres. I don’t even know what a telomere is.
Two of the upper middle shelves were dedicated to well-worn black, non-titled books. Another shelf held an equally large series of burgundy untitled books.
In the far right was a black briefcase-looking box with a glowing light on the side. It was plugged into the wall. I wonder what it is.
Tall, odd machinery stood along the walls and in the middle a large table and chair with numerous objects sat in the middle of the table. I sat in his chair and scooted around. Dad would have killed me if I ever sat in his spot, now I’m in his private lab, touching his research, and scooting around in his big, comfy chair. I pushed a little too hard and smacked against the bookshelf. It rumbled, threatening to fall over, and I quickly covered my head as the books showered down. One particularly thick burgundy book landed in my lap sending a shock into my legs. Opening the front cover the first page read in my dad’s neat handwriting: 
Lilie project- Book 23
Lilie? I flipped through the pages, the photos and diagrams were the only things I could understand. The words were lost on me. The book was dated before I was born, but it showed pictures of Lilie growing up.
But I watched her grow up, from when she could fit in my lap until she was taller than Dad on her hind legs. They couldn’t really be the same dog, could they? I flipped back and read the pages over again, scrutinizing the fur coat against my memories. In every picture of the dogs I saw her hearts, the spade, the club and the diamond shaped splotches. 
My mind spun in disbelief, and I started rereading most of the pictures and their captions one more time.  
How can that be possible? I flipped through the book more, and then started an attempt on reading the other twenty-two books. The book explained what the black box was, a storage container that holds the embryos or the fertilized eggs which can be used to create cloned Lilies. 
I examined the black box; Dad’s book said something about the box has liquid nitrogen freezing the embryos inside a microrefrigerator unit. I glanced at the case again. A little green light glowed on the side. After checking the book I entered the codes on the key pad under the light.
The black case split in the middle and a blaring white light shown out. I counted fifteen slots; twelve slots had tubes attached to them.
It always has to be plugged in to an outlet, after a month of not being plugged in, the battery runs out and stops keeping the embryos from warming up and being destroyed. 
I tried to pick one up but the moment I touched it the icy tube stung my hand. So I leaned closer to gaze at the tubes. Each tube was at filled with a clear liquid, and I couldn’t see the little egg or circle I expected to see; I didn’t realize they would be microscopic, but they are cells I guess. 
My head grew cold, so I pulled my head out and closed the cold case, reverting back into the mysterious black metal box with the little green glowing light. 
Astonishment and butterflies swelled in my stomach making me jittery. It’s real, Lilie clones are real. I stared at the case for what felt like forever. How could she be so real? And yet still be the dreamlike, science fiction phenomena that she is? Why did my dad do this? I thought about the twelve embryos for a while. 
Maybe I could have Lilie my whole life. I did a few math calculations: Great Danes live until about twelve years, and I have twelve embryos, so I would have… I counted on my fingers a little. Ah! A hundred and forty-four years. That’s more than the oldest person alive’s time span, plus, a couple extra years. I could have Lilie my whole life, and then pass her on to my kids.
The books explained, as I read on, how to create another dog and a bunch of other gobbley-gook about Dad’s different tries to clone her. I never realized Dad knew or used so many big terms. Hours and hours passed, maybe days, I couldn’t tell down in the lab. It was completely silent down here. I read the books once through, then twice through, constantly trying to make sense of all the confusing terms. At one point of time I left the lab in search of a dictionary, but looking up the terms in the notebook brought on an entirely new wave of confusion. I still didn’t understand anything.
Even without a slight understanding of the technical part, I did understand the part about how to use an embryo to make a new Lilie. The books explained the process as simply placing the embryo into a female dog’s womb while it is in heat or ready to breed and it will grow and be birthed like all of the other dogs that the mom produces herself. 
I closed the final book I was thumbing through and leaned into the folds of the cushy chair. No matter what, I can’t tell anybody about this. 
Fuzzy memories of news reports and articles in the newspapers flooded into my mind. Years ago when somebody else tried cloning an animal, the government had a big scandal and giant lawsuits invaded every channel on TV. Lots of people were thrown in jail, restrictions and laws were passed against genetic experimentation of any kind in every way possible.
Then the warning my father had always pounded into me about this stuff appeared in my conscience, his voice rung true and urgent in my head, “Never tell anybody, and I mean anybody about my job or the lab. The police would take me and your mother away for a very, very long time.”
I stared at the freezer in bewilderment, jail time, life ruining qualities, misery, and hardship surround this case and what is held inside. So many things to process, but one idea raced above all else. It cleared the path of confusion. One idea makes all the other punishments and prices affordable, even tolerable. I’m not alone anymore, I can get Lilie back. 
Chapter 4
This Section Left Intentionally Empty

Of my long life, the next six years became the worst I had ever experienced. It was a hard, dark time, and that story is to be saved for another day. 

Chapter 5
All Grown Up

 2016
I examined myself in the mirror again, the low cut blouse dipped lower than what I usually wear, but it made the necklace dangling loosely from my neck look better. I shifted my weight around in my four inch high heels to make it less uncomfortable and more ignorable.
It was an average Friday night. I had picked up a new location buried knee deep in strange disappearance stories and possible gang activity, it looks promising. I wonder how much of it is my kind of crime and how much are the works of real gangsters.
The heavy makeup aged my face a few years, it was the price to pay to look normal. The only thing that felt uncomfortable seemed to be my hair grazing and irritating my shoulders. I need to cut it again.
I took the lightrail downtown and wandered through the city, keeping my eyes open for a bright neon sign.
At finding the blue sign, I turned and waltzed right in. The guard in front carded me haphazardly; not that he would discover anything. My new identity, Tracy Herald, lived on the other side of town and the new card maker is a perfectionist. This counterfeit hasn’t failed me yet. 
I blended easily with the rest of the young people. After picking a seat at the grime encrusted bar I scanned the area. Nobody else sees the filth in these bars; I can’t believe America’s prettiest and handsomest young inhabitants flock to these disgusting and unsanitary places to perform such important mating rituals. But dirty or not, this is where my job is. 
I boredly tapped my fingers on the counter and then picked at one of the spots on my beer glass. The bar’s atmosphere and temperature felt pretty normal; warm, humid, loud, drunk people everywhere. Nobody was acting suspicious, although a redhead at the crowded table across the bar just glanced at me, once, twice. I locked eyes with her the second time. She didn't pull away. 
Her big blue eyes drew curiosity out of me. 
I didn’t think I knew her, so why did she notice me? I slightly shifted in my seat uncomfortably but continued to get on with my job. 
The television's feedback buzzed, irritating me as people yelled at the baseball players on the screen from the other side of the bar.
My eyes drifted everywhere except where she was. In the corner she continued unremittingly to gawk at me, and my internal red flags shot up. Something is definitely wrong. Then she leaned over and whispered something to the boy next to her.  
He glanced up and then lost interest. Seconds felt like hours as they passed, I observed everyone, conversations, body language, and interaction. The commotion would have driven any normal person insane; of course, I am not normal.
They all were completely oblivious to me as I monitored them more meticulously than even the most competent scientists observing their life’s work. And after spending so much time perfecting my already natural talent of discreetness, that girl, that completely careless kid has been staring at me the entire time. 
I glued my eyes to the beer glass as she started to get up and head towards me. 
I wonder why. My face grew hot, wait, maybe, she was one of them. That could explain the keen observing. I heard that last coven bust had some escapees, was she one of them? How would she have known what I was? I knew I was a little sloppy getting the last one, but I didn’t think anyone saw, and I don’t show my face in big hunts except for special occasions. No, no, I shouldn’t get worked up about this; I probably just look like somebody she knows. Besides, she couldn’t kill me here, way too many witnesses.
The girl was exceptionally tall, and taller with such high heels; almost seven feet, her features were sharp and slender. Not something I see everyday, I wonder if she’s a model…or a turned model. 
With such a long stride she only had to take a few steps, I felt too small and insignificant. But as every other person I’ve come across, I slipped into one of my fixed expressions, casual, half-noticing her. When the tall redhead reached me she slightly tilted her head in confusion. “Moogie?”
My face dropped and my eyes grew very wide, I looked up at her. She knew my name, how? I smiled and asked as lightly and innocently as I could, “Do I know you?” The redhead stared at me for a long minute. I broke the silence by repeating the question. 
She continued to stare, but slightly nodded. The redhead finally snapped out of her trance and said quickly “I’m Angel, from seventh grade? We were, uhh, best friends. Or at least I thought I was.” 
It was my turn to stare dumbfounded, this couldn't be that Angel. There are millions of people in Phoenix, how can this coincidence in running into her now, while I’m hunting, be possible? 
I offered her to sit down. She slid gracefully into the disgusting seat as if royalty, saying in a slightly off tone, “You look just the same as then, really similar. Where did you go?” 
I started into my usual story, “Uhh, well, on our way to the family cabin, on spring break, remember? We got into a car crash, everyone died except, well, me, and I was passed around in the system. I never really stayed in a house permanently until I grew up and I’ve been on my own ever since.” Angel mumbled some sort of consolation that sounded like “I’m sorry.”
I continued with my story in more detail, “Since we were up in northern Arizona I went to families up there. I haven’t seen much of Phoenix since then.” 
After the story was finished I concluded with a short message, adding a little to my standard lies, “I tried to block out my life after the crash, and I’m living a new life now, perfectly fine.” 
Angel chewed on a thought for a moment, her eyes burned into mine as she analyzed my story. I stared right back, concealing a dread of her coming out and saying “Bull Moogie. Tell me the real truth!” she knew me.
I’ve lied to the law; every person I’ve met in the past few years I’ve always worn a clever façade, but her, her glassy, bright blue eyes could always see into the lucid emotions absorbing me.
She released me from her everlasting stare and replied, “I tried finding you; I thought you were dead, or, or worse.” She paused momentarily, recomposing herself, and she reached for my wrist. “I missed you.” She started to say other things several times, but kept choking up and the conversation ended with a silence.
I glanced at her one more time in distress, trying to convey the truth of my sincerity “I’m sorry for everything Angel.”
I reached for my purse, in a gesture of leaving, but she stayed locked on holding on to my wrist.
She smiled but kept a serious and final tone. “Stay, nobody should be alone on a Friday night.”

I held my breath, and smiled, "Really, I should be going." She still held my wrist, not replying.
Then something inside me stopped, the noise and the fine details of the world that usually bombarded and overloaded me dissipated; rounding and morphing into just the background. Everything about her was enticing, her voice, her face, enthralling me to stay with her, and my senses faded.
The night slipped out of my grasp while I listened to her talk. I lost track of the people filling the room, and the seconds and minutes didn’t linger, they sped by just like time does for normal people. 
I didn’t even notice a bar fight until it was halfway over. One of those iniquitous beings I spend so much time hunting could have been stalking a naive girl right next to me and I wouldn’t have noticed. 
Angel's determination to spend every second with me grew, our conversation rolled at a quick pace. She talked to me about her life, her career in working in the local ice rink; she seemed to be a fun teenager. Her dreams were short sighted, no ambition and no pressure for college or extra schooling. Her life was care-free. She was even out tonight with all of her friends celebrating her birthday, how more fun can her life be? My birthdays just turn out to be another tiresome day of work.
All of my focus directed to her. Her perfume, her perfect make-up, her stature, she was infallible in every way. Comparing her to me or comparing her to her old self seemed like comparing the brightness of a supernova to a glowing ember. I would have never guessed this was Angel. 
I always dreamed of growing up, and blossoming into something near her. I wanted to be her. I wanted to leave my short, under developed body, oversensitive emotions, and sense, to turn into a cheerful, lighthearted adolescent like Angel.
At one point I followed her over to her friends and she introduced me. I didn’t know any of them, but by that time Angel and everyone else was too drunk for me to understand the names she alleged. So I, an expert in the language of drunk people, slurred out various sounds similar to what Angel said they were, and I was accepted into their little circle.
The world ignored them and their rowdy laughter. They could do what ever they wanted, without consequence.
They were my opposites. Every single day I'm trying my best to blend in, keep my head down, and survive. And if I fail to do so, even the slightest mistake could lead to more discrimination, punishment from police and enemies, death or torture. In the same city, Angel and her friends were normal kids, never giving any attention to anybody except their phones and their other simple entertainment sources. What I would give to have a fraction of their bliss.   
After a few rounds of drinks, my edge rounded and softened like a well used bar of soap, I turned off my busy thoughts and painful analysis of the group's conversations. After a few more, I almost numbed into one of them.
I just wanted to laugh and spend time with Angel and her friends. And I did. I listened with bated breath just as the others when they talked about their parents or teenager problems. I felt like one of them, my pain, my hatred lightened to where I didn’t think about it.
We whooped and shoved ice cubes down each other's backs, the girls gossiped about celebrities, somebody turned the music to something we liked and we danced in the open end of the bar. 
It was when I would get a moment of clarity and my conscience reminded me of my obligations, great, another wave of guilt swept over me. I need to hunt; somebody might be dying because I’m not doing my job, only indulging myself in these childish pleasures.
Even with the dread and knowing that I’m wasting precious time I stayed with Angel and her friends. An hour passed, then two, maybe I’ll stay for cake and then I’ll leave. Three hours, then four slipped. We danced, we talked, we laughed.
Then came gift time, her friends supplied her with boxes of jewelry, clothes, make-up; I quickly slipped a napkin with a poem in her gift pile feeling guilty I couldn’t give more. When she reached the napkin, she almost wiped her mouth with it at first, and then noticed my scratchy handwriting.

Roses are red, violets are blue, I can’t write poetry, but happy birthday to you.
-Moogie

She stared at it, and then stared at me. To everybody else it was merely a napkin with pen markings. But of all the presents that night, she kept that one with her the whole time. No words to me, no thank-yous, but she smiled. It was not over radiant, or fixed, or light. A smile only understood when seen.

At around two o’clock in the morning the bar cleared out, it was closing time. I drove everybody home, being the soberest one and probably the best driver, even though I don’t own a car. Soon it was just me and a sleeping Angel behind me in the car. She was lying across the seats in the back curled up, using her arms as pillows.
She was beautiful; I was mesmerized. As I watched her candid, sleeping expression something inside me fell into a quiet, pulling languish.
The car glided across the smooth and empty freeway, we were the only people in the world. My senses were still dull, almost as an average human’s. I drifted through the wide, empty lanes and slowed to regular speed when I noticed the radar detector. 
The lightrail sped through the middle of the freeway, glowing, and brilliant white, nearly empty of people. Suddenly the last train car disappeared as fast as the first had come.
I remember watching it being built, opening day, entering it for the first time. Now it looked as if it has always been there, shooting across town, carrying passengers of every kind.
I always liked this time of night; it’s one of the only parts of the night when I can think. The rest of the time the world is rushing around and hurrying from place to place, enslaved into obeying endless agendas or plans.
I knew her address almost as if it were muscle memory; I mechanically turned the right streets and pulled into her driveway. It reminded me of the hundreds of times I rode to her house on my bike in the spring and summer.
I turned the ignition off and looked to the backseat of the car, Angel's face half-illuminated in the moonlight.
The night was better than I could have ever hoped it would be, I enjoyed it more than the relieved feelings I have when I crack a beer with slayers after a hunt, this was some new, obscure and mindlessly fun.
But it isn't me.
Ever so carefully I leaned back and slid my hand into Angel’s purse, two of my fingers found the napkin with the penned poetry and I carefully plucked it out. No memory will be left.
She’s drunk, her friends don’t know me, nor do they remember my name. I would become a blurry memory to her, time could pass and she would think I didn’t even exist tonight. It is time to go.
I silently rolled the window down and put my feet out first. Out I slid, torso and then head, she didn't stir as my high heels touched the smooth concrete of the driveway.
I disappeared, out of her sight and out of mind. 
My mind crept back into the normal state; it's time to return home, and back to work.
My heels lightly tapped the sidewalk in a brisk rhythm, bouncing me out of the sleeping neighborhood. I noticed the desert daisies were already wilting away into dead weeds throughout the cracks in the sidewalk.
I turned the corner and my mind was back to full power. The slayers in Northern Arizona were hinting about another medium to full-scale job they were sniffing out, and the nightclub I hunted in last week turned up in the papers again for disappearances. I might lose the bar I discovered tonight and hunt there instead.
My blades need to be cleaned and sharpened, again, and I need more clothes, and I need to start that burn pile for all of the blood stained outfits still sitting in the bathtub. The condo still needs a little cleaning, and I need new gauze for my medical kit, oops, I should have gotten that at the drugstore I was already at today...
The crunch of a desert daisy under my heel startled me. 
I lifted my right foot up to discover the healthy flower broken and smeared on the concrete. The petals seemed old and wilted now, unlike what it was moments before, and the moisture leaked and evaporated quickly. 
I stepped back and hesitated for a moment, watching it. Then I looked across the long sidewalk I just passed through.
All of the daisies in the middle section of the cracks looked like the daisy I made, these flowers weren't wilted. They were crushed.
All of them were pressed down and left to die by mindless people like me. I started to the way back home again, conscious of the dying and dead flowers, and then now irritated at myself and the other passing people who were too wrapped up in themselves to realize the unnecessary loss.
I shook my head at the destroyed thing, its beauty wouldn't be realized, it wouldn't be appreciated. It was killed with lack of consideration, and will go forever without notice.
Then my feet stopped tapping forward, I looked down at the daisies, and the back at the corner I turned minutes before.
I’ve never felt connected to anybody except her. But it is for the best, her world and my world should never be overlapping. Angel could be tortured, killed, and thrown into oblivion because nobody cares. The idea of her body skewed and distorted, lying dead in a barrel of acid or a ditch as I have done to my victims is unbearable.
I closed my eyes, forever, never seeing her again.
What am I doing?
I shook my head and turned back to home.
Where am I going?
I glanced at the corner.
What am I crushing?
My foot stepped towards the corner.
I silently paced closer to where I came, then to the middle of the street. I stood motionless, watching the car she was still asleep in. The open and dry night let dusty winds move my fluttery hair and graze across my shoulders.
The flavescent pool from the streetlight above me projected my shadow. As I stayed, nothing else tried to move except my hair. My shadow did not age, my body did not grow any closer to a natural death, it was irrevocably still.
Bringing her into my life is wrong to existence, I am the oddity and unnaturality of life. I would crush daisies she would never see, crush her ability to live in a defined normality. It wouldn't be fair.
I took another step forward to her. My perpetual circle of life ticks away years, she doesn't have very many.
I could stay until she gets bored of me. Or I could keep my other life a secret. She could go her whole life without knowing about my job or my world. 
I'm smart, if anyone could do it, they would be me. I wouldn't let anyone get to her without having to deal with me first.
I have torn people to bits, bashed brains, and carved throats. Slayers even fear me for what I am. My fingers clutched to a fist, I would like to see somebody try to defeat me. 
I started back to the darkened car, faster and faster my feet carried me until I was throwing a sprint. When I was back to the driveway I silenced again, careful not to wake Angel, and slid back through the window.
The crumpled napkin in my purse found its way back into hers.
Angel’s eyes gingerly fluttered open when I reached back and shook her. She yawned and shined her sparkling white teeth at me. “Where are we? Where did all of my friends go?” 
I smiled, “I took them home, the bar closed and nobody was sober enough to drive so I dropped you guys off at home.”
“Oh, that’s so nice of you Moogie. Thank-you for taking care of me.” I gazed at her half dazed, slightly lost in her voice. 
Then Angel reached out and riffled through my bag, removing my cell phone and started typing something into her phone.
 “What are you doing?” She quickly placed my phone back in my purse. “I copied your phone number to mine so I can call you. And return the favor sometime.” 
“Oh, okay.” I mumbled and I half carried her out of the car and to the door. I turned to leave, and the soft, memorable voice behind me stopped me dead in my tracks, “Bye Moogie, call me.” The words lingered as a weak but lasting echo in my mind.

In the blindingly white illuminating train car I tried sorting through my confused, overreacting senses. The bulky metals clunking together from the train and the music playing a little too loud in the teenager’s earphones a few seats away drove my mind to headaches and irritation. I shut my eyes and plugged my ears to attempt concentration on logical plans about Angel.
My stop arrived and I slowly rose to leave the public transport. It’s Angel, she isn’t just a kid from my old life; she was the reason my short childhood was so fulfilling. The bugs chirped and wheezed as I headed towards my home. This is the only person that matters, the only one I care about, not as an asset but as a companion. 
A loud and obnoxious crowd of giggling girls on the other side of the street laughed their way into the condo complex I was heading toward. She’s Angel, I'm going to get Angel back.
Chapter 6 
Moving Forward

It wasn’t dawn just yet when I reentered my shabby, claustrophobic condo. I reached under my skirt and pulled out the hatchet from my hand-sewn holster strapped to my leg and tossed it onto the counter. Another day gone to waste. I flopped on my sofa and hit the new messages button on the telephone.
A monotoned robot voice said “One new message” and beeped. Joey’s voice came on with a slightly hurried tone “Moogie, my dad and I are on a hunt, only two of them this time and we followed them to a house. Dad just got out of surgery and isn’t up to it, I need you to come out to the job with me. Call me when you get home.” The phone beeped again and I sat up. Maybe tonight wasn’t so bad. 
Joey, a lanky boy with light coffee-colored hair and light brown eyes was one of the first slayers that I’d met. He’s my age, just out of high school, and his family has been hunting for generations. Slaying is embedded deeply into his roots, and he has a kill count higher than me, with his first at the age of ten. He goes to the college near here and is the only slayer that knows anything about modern day technology. Most of the others barely know how to work a computer.
Of every slayer I’ve ever encountered he is the most open minded, he doesn’t care that I have a form of the virus he’s been trying to exterminate. When his father and every other slayer showed disapproval of helping me he still thought that I should have a chance at pursuing my career in slaying. 
I prefer to hunt with him than hunt alone or with anybody else. But even as diplomatic and understanding as he is, sometimes being a born and raised slayer means clouded judgment. 
I don't trust slayers and I would gladly kill any if they turned on me, but I don't mind that we are on the same side. With that I try not to immerse myself in slayer politics or the lives of the local slayers except business and occasionally hanging out with Joey. All I really want to do is hunt as much as possible before somebody finally ends me.
After returning the call I suited up into more comfortable clothes in case there’s a chase; I took off my mask of make-up and applied a lighter one. Joey knows I’m going to be thirteen forever, but he doesn’t need to be reminded every time I see him. I picked my hatchet back off the table and put it on a loop I had sewn onto my belt and went outside to wait for Joey. 
He arrived in his family’s old, banged-up truck. I jumped inside and we headed off across the freeway without speaking.
We traveled to a high-end housing area where places were two or three stories high. The ones we were stalking lived in a gorgeous two story, old, painted blue with a black frame. The lawn had a black iron metal fence surrounding the perimeter with a healthy spread of dark green grass; a hefty oak impended over the thick grass on the far left. An elegant, curvy walkway of glossy black stepping stones led to the front porch.
I glared at the magnificent structure with envy, remembering how much I detest my condo. I shuddered at the thought of going back to the barely breathable dwelling.
 Joey pulled over a block away from the house we were about to raid. With his new phone he pulled up a holographic map of the block where the house was located and I stared at it. “Wow! I want a phone like that!” Joey shrugged, “The holographics didn’t turn out to be as good like they said on TV. And it is not nearly as high-quality as computers; loading anything on this piece of junk is a bitch.” 
Joey's grumblings soon made sense. With the holographics constantly reloading every time Joey tried marking it up with a plan we decided to give up being high-tech and went back to a paper map and a pencil. I didn’t know paper maps were carried in cars anymore. I guess Joey’s family still lives in the Stone Age.
It was ironic, because not too long ago Joey set up chatrooms on the internet and trained all the slayers in Arizona to use it for faster and more secure communication. I don’t use the chatrooms unless I’m desperate for work, though I heard it’s become so popular it’s going international now.
The plan was simple, Joey will go up to the front door, ring the door bell and attack whoever answers the door while I sneak around to the back and kill the other one. Joey unsheathed his weapon, a big knife, and we both left his car to follow through on our basic plan. 
It worked like clockwork; they reacted predictably. Joey rang the door bell as I hopped the fence and positioned myself next to the back door. Although I couldn’t see who answered the door I did hear the sound of a door chain rattling, the whoosh and screech of door hinges working and then a crunch with a sound of furniture falling over. Finally it ended with a sort of half-screaming half-gurgling. 
From above my head on the second floor I heard thumping on the staircase. I poised towards the door. With a click and the door disappearing inside the house I jumped out of my hiding place and swung my hatchet as forcefully as I could into the person exiting. The hatchet didn’t quite chop the woman’s head off but it did go about halfway, and she dropped to her knees while her head flopped backwards. 
I stepped inside the house and looked up at Joey. He was retracting his knife from a man’s stomach in the foyer room, next to a broken table. With a disappointed tone he mumbled slightly frowning, “Too bad I broke that table; it looked like it was worth something.” I answered him with a shrug.
After a quick look around to find that nobody else was in the house, I returned to Joey who was knee deep in cleaning supplies from his truck.
He passed me a garbage bag and we started loading the bodies into the trash and sealed them with tape. Then Joey brought in two wardrobe boxes and a hand truck and we wheeled the garbage bags away in the boxes. After the bodies were cleaned up I moved onto to scrubbing the tiles to destroy any evidence of a fight.
I toured the house, flipping the lights on as I went, enjoying the great taste in furniture. Everything had an old-fashioned air to it that gave the house a welcoming vibe. These people reminded me of spiders.
Joey took all the remaining trash bags, cleaning chemicals, and scrubbing utensils to his car and drove home to pick up his trailer so we can start splitting the house up. 
Most slayers after they finish a job end up selling everything owned by the victims. Joey got himself a realtor’s license and we end up flipping houses like this. It earns a decent living; usually he ends up paying all of it toward college while I just try to make ends meet. Sometimes, Joey and I keep the properties to live in. Joey has two larger houses than this, which he kept from hunts, one he lives in and the other is where he dumps all of the stuff from other houses to be cleaned and sold.
 The furniture and other valuable items go on the internet, to antique dealers, or the local flea markets. 
The house was just as beautiful on the inside as it was on the outside. On the first floor, I noticed some big money makers: a flat screen TV with a built-in holographic projector, antique furniture, and a video gaming set. At the back of the house the kitchen looked like it had a substantial tableware set and a strong collection of kitchen knives. The most intriguing part of the house was in the very back. A sealed door stood with a bulky padlock keeping it protected. I tried to kick it down, it wouldn’t move, I tried to ram it with my shoulder, it still didn’t budge. 
Even though I have just a thirteen-year-old’s body, I can still push a massive amount of weight around. If I can’t break through this door then something really valuable is meant to be locked up in here.
When Joey returned we ended up staring at the door trying to figure out how to open it. “Got any ideas?” We tried ramming it, and that ended up with bruised shoulders, after that Joey put a crowbar to it, but the door still wouldn’t open. Then Joey resorted to picking the lock; that worked! As the door peeled open, I imagined of all the exciting things that would have been in there. The first thing we saw was a dried up dead body hanging upside down on a hook with his throat slit. 
Joey shook his head, “Aww, I just put the cleaning supplies away.” I nodded in understanding, “Yeah, I expected it to be ancient buried treasure too."
The room looked pretty standard, it wasn’t a torture dungeon like some I’ve seen before, but it’s a good sized, efficient station, not like the converted bathtub draining stations in places like when I first took the condo. 
The room had smoothly poured concrete flooring with a drain at the bottom; right below the body was a catch basin that smelled very strongly of dried blood. To the right of the catch basin a tall, bathtub-like sink and the end of the metal counter stood knives, gloves, funnels, and empty wine bottles. “Wine bottles?” I muttered, Joey shrugged, “I guess they wanted to be more sophisticated.”
In the back of the room four fifty-five gallon barrels stood sealed up, I wandered over to them, “Hey Joey, can I borrow that crowbar?” He tossed it over and I flipped the top up. 
I cringed as nasty chemical smells I knew a little too well filled my nose. A body in almost chunks floated around in the barrel filled with acid, I see why they have the drain now; they drop the bodies in the acid, then drain and refill the barrels until the bodies are broken up enough to wash away. All the barrels probably have people in them. I remember doing the exact same thing a few years back, except I did it in a bathtub, but I didn’t add water to the mix. When I drained the acid out and refilled the bathtub the acid ended up corroding my drain.
I shut the lid back up and Joey brought in a hand truck to wheel out the barrels. When that was finished we took care of the body hanging upside down and left the rest of the room to be scavenged for later.
We continued the look around and found a refrigerator full of wine bottles in the downstairs pantry. The refrigerator was huge, bottles of all different labels and sizes filled it from head to toe. Joey reached in and opened one of the middle ones and handed it to me. “Does this smell good to you?” he asked harmlessly. I took a whiff, “That is definitely my kind of drink.” I handed it back to him, “Too bad I only let myself drink pig’s blood.” He smelled it and cringed, “Ugh, if you won’t drink it who will?” I pondered that for a second. “Hey! Maybe we can donate it to one of the local hospitals.” I imagined wheeling in a cartful of these wine bottles to a hospital and just walking out.
“Eh, we’ll worry about that later.”
I shook my head and took the bottle of blood from him and smelled it again, mmm, even with cold blood I know one swig would get me back to my addiction, life would be killing spree central all over again. Joey gave me a skeptical look and took the bottle back.
We opened a few more cabinets, these people had a wide selection of random pantry items. I picked up a box of old macaroni and cheese, the label was from the nineties, the company had long since changed the label. 
"Huh." I huffed, "Did you know macaroni could go bad?" I mumbled. 
Joey picked the box up from my hand, “I thought their kind could only drink human blood and a few other types of liquids. Why would they have cereal and canned stuff like this?” 
I nodded, “Yeah, they’d end up barfing anything substantial after about a half an hour. So they might be props to look normal or these guys might have had normal people over for dinner." 
Joey looked up at me, "You're saying these people were so wicked they purposely fed innocent victims expired macaroni and cheese? Whew, I'm glad we got them off the streets."
I pulled one of the soups off of the shelves, chuckling at his sarcasm. They even had my favorite alphabet soup. I opened one of the cupboards and pulled out a few fine white porcelain plates and stared, everything is so nice here. I twirled one around in my fingers.
“Do you want some breakfast, Joey?” I made him some toast while he read the news on his phone. I cracked open that can of soup before we prepared to go through the rest of the house.
After breakfast I jogged upstairs and checked each room; one of the rooms was a study, a few carved shelves packed with books lined one wall and a matching ornate wooden desk stood in front of the bookcase. An intricately designed rug was placed in the middle of the wooden paneled floor, and a large buck’s head was placed near one of the windows, barely out of my reach. 
The light of dawn shined down onto the room through the rounded windows. It added a calm and warm atmosphere; I stepped into the middle of the pool of light and closed my eyes, taking in the feel of the room.
 A silver computer sat on top of the desk. It seemed out of place in such a stately room. This will be fun to sift through; I stared at the books guessing which ones are first editions.
The master bedroom had a walk in closet, a king size bed with satin sheets, and a huge wooden vanity. The rooms down the hall felt like museum exhibits, they were filled with hobby and recreational things.
We discovered a safe in the back of one of the closets we searched. After breaking into it we found their fake papers to support their fake identities, social security, birth records, and insurance from what I see. It would definitely catch somebody’s attention if somebody was opening a bank account with a driver’s license saying they are three hundred years old. So after about thirty years my kind tends to become a new person and move to a new home. 
I did it too, nobody would let me check into hotels or go into bars being a teenager, especially a teenager that disappeared off the face of the earth with her family during spring of 2010. So I adapted, I traded life as a nobody wandering around lost and primitive, sleeping in alleyways, for a shadow of somebody’s identity, everything is fake, down to my very name. But now I sleep in hotels and live comfortably in houses of my victims.
My eyes stayed steady on the page I was examining, but my mind drifted to the slayers and Joey. They don't even know my name, they just call me Moogie.
“Looks like these are the only owners of the house, it wasn’t a rental, the mortgage seems to be paid off, and escrow payments are fine.” Joey thumbed through the papers more, “The cars are paid off, and I don’t see any debts. It seems like they’re clean to sell.”
I leaned forward and started sifting through the papers again “They might have just been lone wolves too. No partner ownerships of businesses or documentation of anyone besides the two we killed. I’m kind of glad, I really don’t want to have any family relations or coven friends coming to the house at four in the morning, because that has happened before.” Joey smirked, “Yeah, me too, if only my relatives stopped coming to my house at four in the morning, and then forcing me to eat their casserole.” 
I playfully shoved him and we continued to rummage through the safe. In more papers I found passports, bank account pins, and a set of spare keys.
Joey moved on from the safe to the hat boxes and shoe boxes while I gathered the important papers to put in the keeper pile. It’s the perfect house. Why should I live in a condo when I could live in this? No noisy music playing in the condo attached to mine; it has a wide space, nice furniture, and a backyard. It’s perfect. “I think I’m going to keep this house and sell the condo.” 
He smiled, “Good, I was wondering when you were going to give up that thing. I always felt claustrophobic in there.” He opened one of the shoe boxes and found a pair of high heels encrusted with diamonds. “Look at these! You can keep the house, I want these shoes.” I examined the shoes, “Alright, but honestly they clash with the blood on your shirt and they look a little too small.” Joey snickered, “They are not for me, I need to get my girlfriend something for her birthday next week.”
 I nodded, “Deal, do you want my condo to sell too? I don’t need fifty houses like you.” He nodded, “Sure, I’ll take the condo.” 
By ten o’clock I was playing dress-up in all the jewelry and designer clothes I found in one of the bedrooms, Joey and I talked and guessed how much they were worth and divided them up loosely. I’ll end up pawning or selling the ones I kept with all the payments and bills that come with assuming identities, electric, gas, heat, and escrow, etcetera, etcetera. That is what I do; I become these guys to own the house and the cars, just as I did with the condo, and the apartment before that. 
After playing in the clothes and getting all the diamonds and big gems we brought the safe with all of the papers downstairs and put them in a pile on the kitchen table. “Do you want the deeds signed over to a new identity, or do you want to keep living as them?” 
“I think I’ll keep going as them. Since they owned two cars you can have one and I’ll take the other.” He nodded and got up to go outside, “Since you’re moving in Moogie, we’re going to have to fool the neighbors.” He reached his truck and grabbed from the back a for-sale sign and a hammer. “Where do you want it?” I sighed at the thought of a giant hole in my grass but pointed to a spot in the corner. “You’ll need to keep it up for about a month, then we’ll slap a sold sign on it and you’ll get to become the new neighbor.” 
After that Joey and I started going through the CD, record, video tape, and whatever else is used in entertainment collection. Most houses I’ve raided have a bunch of old souvenirs from years and years ago, immortals are the biggest hoarders on the planet. The amount of useless stuff I find is unbelievable.
The condo had a complete dancing disco music discography and a library full of bad eighties exercise training videos. But no matter how much starving, running, exercising, or weight loss programs participated in, I and all the rest like me are incapable of growing older, changing weight, or changing physical appearance. The eighties videos still baffle me today.
At the very end of the hall a closed door had a wooden title plate named playroom. It drew my attention quickly, what would be in a playroom? Or do I not want to know?
Curiosity burned as I reached for the golden door handle. The door was unlocked, but the hinges squeaked as if it hadn’t been used in a long time. I stood still, my breathing slowed and almost stopped. A certain feeling set over me, the vacuum of dry, stagnant air made the room a place of forgotten. The room was fashioned with furniture under white sheets, an exceedingly thick coat of dust blanketed every inch of the room.
As I stepped, my boots imprinted the dusty wood floor, around me the walls were painted in a deteriorating jungle theme, neglected for what might have been years, peeling elephants and marred giraffes peeked through the cracked and faded trees. I meandered over to the middle and largest piece of furniture set in the room to draw the white sheet back. 
Dust clouded the air, sprinkling and resettling on my hair and nose along with the rest of the room. 
Under the white cover a carved wooden crib balanced on aged, vacillated pilings. The sheets were yellowed in age, old fabric toys were positioned precisely around the edge. I stared at it in wonder. Then I moved on to the smaller sheet covered figures. One by one each revealed itself to be another contributor to a small child’s playroom, rocking horses, wooden soldiers and smaller toys packed away in neatly stacked in boxes, old fashioned baby clothes, untouched paints and a blank easel.
This room was an abandoned dream, what I and all others like me face. Sterility.
I swayed as my somber thoughts were suspended in that unattainable initiative. The ancient crib stabbed my heart with a thorn of universal grief; I’ve seen rooms like these. It’s one of the many things I missed in my short and abrupt end to average humanity.
Joey’s head popped inside, “Wow! Look at this room!” He stepped in and started poking around cheerfully, “Almost near perfect condition, we hit the jackpot! I know this toy dealer around here that just eats this kind of stuff up! Man, and this crib, a buddy of mine could take this thing apart and make it into a totally tricked out new one that could sell for buckets of money, and…”
His voice faded out of my mind, the loud enthusiasm never faltered with him. I smiled and tried to support him, even when I was so far away. 
Noon rolled along and we started working our way to the garage. Two sleek black cars with tinted windows occupied the majority of the space in the garage. “I call the big one!” 
I laughed and then huffed a sarcastic sigh, “I wanted the big one.” We walked over to each car and examined them thoroughly, both had GPS systems, holographic map systems, voice and phone communication systems, and satellite radios. “This car is just too unbelievable!” Joey muttered. I sat fascinated by the attractiveness of the machine. I have a car now, this will be a lot more fun than riding next to homeless people on the city buses and lightrails. Can this day improve any more? 
I got in the smaller car and gripped the steering wheel. The grip morphed to my finger placement, “I love this car! But maybe I’ll get it painted in blue or silver; the black sinister bad guy look is just not my image.” Joey nodded, "Yes, black evil serial killer car is not your scene, blue evil serial killer definitely suits you better."
It took me twenty minutes to peel Joey off his new car to move on with the day, we couldn’t play with the cars just yet. I still have a job to do.
The garage had a workshop filled with various power tools and half finished projects. The only thing in the garage Joey didn’t recognize was a giant plywood box that had a curved back standing up in the side of the garage. It looked nothing like the pretty wood furniture inside the house; it was opposite, ugly, rough, and unpainted. The middle had loosely fitted boards haphazardly shoved into the middle to hold a couple paint cans.
“What do you think it is?”
I shrugged, “I don’t know, I guess it is a make-shift shelf. The way it’s curved doesn’t make any sense for being a shelf.” I reached up and picked up one of the paint cans. The other cans lost balance and collapsed, smashing the shelves and creating a domino affect out onto the floor. It ended in an ear piercing, tinny clanging. “Yep, I didn’t think it was supposed to hold shelves.”
“What do we do with it?”
“Leave it there; worry about it tomorrow. Mañana is the greatest labor saving device ever.” And with that I shut the garage door.
The day passed and we filled the trailer up with tons of goodies that need to be appraised, fixed, or cleaned. I could see a lot of work ahead of me, and we haven’t even scratched the surface yet. We still have bank accounts, deposit boxes, and storage containers to look through, plus the drives all over Arizona to get rid of all this stuff at thrift stores, pawn shops, and flea markets. I looked forward to moving into my new home, selling the condo, and getting used to driving a car on a regular basis. 
Chapter 7 
It's all Downhill From Here!

Three days passed, Joey and I moved and cleaned up all of the furniture I didn’t want on the bottom floor. I kept the matching tableware, the living room furniture set and the TV, but got rid of the gaming system after losing to Joey four times in one of the car racing games. 
My condo, which contained virtually nothing of value, was cleaned and most of the belongings I wanted to keep had been packed up and moved to the new house. We were nearly ready to sell it. 
During one of our breaks after attempting to clean out the garage in my new house, we removed the giant pseudo shelf with the curved back and used it as footstool.
After digging out lawn chairs from the side yard Joey and I half napped under a giant umbrella stand we found by the pool. Second by second we were becoming sizzling bacon in the Arizona oven. 
“What are we going to dig through next?” Joey mumbled sleepily. I shrugged, flipping over to dissuade the heat from burning my face, “Maybe we could go through the power tools; they seemed brand new-” My cell phone cut in with a whiny, repetitive tone.
I slowly turned over and started feeling around the end table to turn it off. Lemonade, nope, Joey’s phone, nope. My hand gripped the slightly jolting square and I squinted into the glare of my screen: ANGEL.
Angel? I answered it. She invited me out to a slightly familiar sounding coffee shop, I agreed and in no time, completely forgetting about the agenda I was just planning.
“What?” Joey propped himself up on his elbow alarmed. “Did somebody die?” 
“No, not this time, but I do have to leave.” “What about the power tools?” He asked, his voice tipping into disappointment. 
“We’ll go through them later, help me move the ugly box back to the garage.”
Barely twenty minutes later, Angel’s car pulled up to my house and parked. The driver door flung open and Angel jumped out with an enormous grin on her face. Then, after waving at me in the yard she ran up to my house and threw the front door open. “Where’s your bathroom? I really need to go!” I almost shrugged and said “I have no idea.” But luckily, Joey, who was on his way out, pointed and gave her the directions. Angel stared at him slightly confused while he was exiting my house but yielded to where he pointed.
I smiled gratefully and he departed in his truck. Angel returned a few minutes later bright as ever. “Who are the people in the pictures?” She leaned back and pointed to the portraits hanging in the foyer room. I gave her a confused look, “Huh-oh! Umm that is my cousin and her husband. I’m getting their house because they’re moving up to New York, and I haven’t packed up and shipped their stuff yet.” She bought my improv. “I didn’t know you had cousins, anyway…”
 In no time I was drinking a slightly bland cup of coffee with Angel and watching kids on well beaten skateboards at the local skate park endanger themselves with serious bodily injury. 
We were here supporting an ex-boyfriend of a friend of Angel’s that had just gotten his cast off from an accident a few months ago. Some of Angel’s other posse joined us and we watched him do dangerously entertaining tricks. He would fly through the air, looking determined to impress us, and a few times he would spin or flip a certain way on a request from a spectator.
I gleefully watched him as the others did, commenting on a particular move to my new friends, and in between tricks we talked the hours away about stories of people I haven’t thought about in years. 
Half of the group broke off to go shopping and visit a yogurt shop that just opened up next to one of the strip malls a few miles away. Angel and I hopped in their overcrowded van to join them.
We bounced around trying to hold ourselves in because there weren’t enough seat belts, laughing whenever we hit a speed bump. I crammed in between Angel and one of the twins. I watched amused as the twin tried putting on mascara while the van was moving.  

She decorated the right eye fine but when the driver took a sharp turn her hand missed and a purple line of mascara crossed her forehead. 
Everybody roared with laughter and ooos while she frantically tried to wipe it off. The guy driving parked and we all rushed out of the car and in a giant blob, and made our way to the strip mall and the opening yogurt shop. 
The yogurt was truly atrocious. I had never tasted such a sour strawberry flavor in my life, but the rest of the kids who got my flavor loved it, and after shoving about half in my mouth I gave up on it. Instantly, one of the other piranha kids snatched it up. 

The sun turned the endless blue afternoon sky into a starry gray hue while Angel and I walked along a slightly hidden garden behind the mall. Everybody else had broken off to eat breadsticks at the Italian restaurant down the street or to find fun elsewhere. 
Music danced in the background, I recognized it, an old 2006 hit, and the meaning was about something ending tonight and fireworks. I could mouth almost every lyric and remember every note played in the piano line; it vibrated the air as it crooned to my magnified senses.
We strolled and talked, I found no end to the pleasure in the stories she tells. She worked with a few of her friends on shifts at an ice rink and they would have oodles of fun playing on the Zamboni and skating in the empty rink after hours. 
I wanted to be in her shoes, skating on the ice rink for fun. The last time I was anywhere near an ice skating rink I was hunting somebody who was trying to decapitate me with a skate blade.
We departed from the main path into our own niche, I leaned against a towering pine, spanning across twice my width, and near my knees somebody had carved a heart and the initials MO + RC 4ever. The MO was crossed out and marred until it actually looked like K squiggle I + RC 4ever. 
I observed this out loud to Angel and she snickered at it as she laid on the grass next to me. We never stopped laughing or chatting the entire time. She would go into huge, animated stories that could have been summed up in ten words or less, I loved to hear every aspect of them.
Angel's musical laugh caught me into a daze, I felt bubbly and childlike with her. It was as if I had never left and we were goofing around again, ignoring the rest of the world because they ignored us.
The sun finally allocated the moon to rule over the stars and signify to Angel that she had to leave. "My shift is coming up, let's do this again sometime." she said, dismayed of our parting I nodded in agreement. We should do this again.
I lightly sprinted home, my feet gingerly propelling from sidewalk square to sidewalk square while humming the old piano line, my mind was blissful. I leapt and bounded from handrails and benches following the streets to the bus stop, completely oblivious to the world around me, almost passing the city at nearly inhuman speeds towards home. Street lights blurred together, scenes and signs stopped mattering; I wanted to dance through the city like this forever. 
I reached my beautiful sapphire colored house, partially in lassitude from my run, eager for bed, though I haven’t changed the sheets in any of the beds yet. Oops, I was supposed to do that today.
I cleaned and adjusted the house, slipping back into a quiet, sharp mood, reminiscing in the childish fun.
I ignored the quiet voice that preached the regret I should have been feeling in my mind. Today for once, I, will be ordinary.

“That’s the fourth time you’ve texted in the past five minutes!” I quickly shoved the phone back in my pocket and started folding the clothes again. “Sorry.” Joey shook his head, “For the first time in the history I’ve ever known you, you’re texting! What is the matter with you?”
I bit my lip, should I tell him what’s going on? I resorted to telling him the bare minimum, “A friend of mine is in town and we were just doing some catching up, and I didn’t get enough time to finish our conversation yesterday.” 
He raised his eyebrows at my sudden cautiousness in tone and I looked down at the clothes I was folding. Switching to a lighter tone I said “Could you go get the next box down? That top one, I’ve been eyeing it for a while, I bet it has the sadomasochism stuff.” I grinned; he shook his head with irritation, but didn’t press for more information about the subject before. He reached to the top self and brought down the box, “Ha! You’re dead on! Look at this…”
The next day at about noon the door bell rang. I almost missed it with Joey’s annoying rock music pounding through the house. The doorbell rang again and I stared at the book I was reading; today I was digging through the study looking for first edition copies of books that usually sell to private collectors for a lot more than a book should.
I closed the dusty, well worn cover and jumped up to head downstairs and answer the door. In the foyer I stood on my tip toes, curiously gazing through the peep hole in the door. Angel, with two giant brown boxes stood there ginning like there’s no tomorrow.
I threw the door open and Angel shoved the boxes into my arms. “Surprise!” I stumbled around and dropped the boxes into the living room while Angel brought in another box and two cases. I looked at her astounded and half shouted over the music “What are you doing here?”
She laughed at my reaction, “I had some old stuff I wanted to give back to you.”
I walked over to the giant stereo by the TV and hit the pause button to end the deafening music. Then I turned back to the boxes. What kind of stuff is she talking about? Joey, who was in the process of cleaning up and throwing away useless artifacts, was balancing a box of pictures on his way down the stairs. “I’m getting this out to the dumpster, I’ll be back-” Angel ran up and grabbed the box from Joey shouting in a shocked voice. “Wait! That’s Moogie’s cousin’s stuff!”
Joey, caught completely off guard jumped back defensively, but relaxed when he saw it was just Angel. “When did you get here? What do you mean cousin-” 
I cut in, “Oh, Angel! That’s Joey, uhh, he means the post office, we were in the process of mailing everything to New York, to my cousins, or what he calls the dumpster.” 
Angel calmed down and handed the box back to Joey, “Oh, sorry, uhh, Joey, I’m Angel by the way. I just came in a couple minutes ago to drop off some stuff.” She smiled, and Joey stiffened and blushed.
In a shaky voice he tried to shrug back into his attitude, accepting the story. “Yeah, no problem.” And turned to me saying, “I filled the truck up with enough boxes of things to mail back to your cousins and I think that’s enough for today. See you later.” And he quickly stepped out the door, taking one last look at Angel. Huh, Angel has that affect on everybody, waiters, people on the streets, her friends sometimes. Even the most confident ones fall into a stutter.
“Where did all of this come from?” I asked as Angel helped me open up all of the boxes. “When you guys disappeared, the house was foreclosed on and the bank people put all of your stuff into a gigantic dumpster parked in front of your house’s driveway. I dug out a few things knowing they meant a lot to you. When you came back you might miss them.”
She shrugged, as if it was expected of her. 
I glanced at my long lost bass and violin cases now standing up against the couch.
Angel presented my stuff back to me as if she were one of those infomercial sales women. She would display the items one at a time and then give me a very wordy and funny story about how she obtained my belongings. In one, she illustrated how she wrestled the old lady across the street from me for one of my old sweat shirts. She also found one of my old pillows under a moldy, open mayonnaise jar had to run all around town to find and open laundry cleaner because both of the ones near her miraculously closed.
It still smelled like mayonnaise. At the end of each presentation I kept waiting for her to say "Buy Now with four easy payments!" 
Another box had my old wardrobe of t-shirts and sweaters, my backpack overflowing with papers came out of another box. Following that she brought out a comforter I used all the time that had my name embroidered in it. They shared a space with all the songs I had half written and stuffed in an old shoe box. 
I was speechless the entire time, completely overcome in gratitude. I had lived with the thought of never seeing these things again, and here they were, saved from the untold horrors of the dump. The same place I just sent Joey to drop off the same type of memorabilia.
The last box she opened had my old laptop where I had kept all my pictures and favorite short stories. Sitting next to it my junkie old mp3 player with every song from the 2009 top forty pop singles chart sat wrapped up in an old pair of ear buds. I looked up at Angel with a smile, she grinned, sheepishly mumbling. “I knew you would come back.”
I tightly hugged her. She can never know what I’ve come back to be, a murderer, an unworldly being, somebody who had just lied blatantly to her face.
We started putting the things in their proper new homes while I gave Angel a grand tour of my half finished house. We avoided certain rooms including the playroom and the dungeon. And when the tour finished I noticed Angel dug something out of her purse. Concert tickets, “I almost forgot! I was going to a concert with my boyfriend, but he dumped me today.” Her voice slightly faltered at the last part. “So do you want to go? It’s tonight.”
I raised my eyebrow, “You had a boyfriend?” Angel frowned “Yeah, do you want to go or not?” I nodded and smirked “What other exciting things haven’t you told me?” She stopped and smiled, showing off sparkling teeth, “A lot.” She over enunciated the last word, as if she was keeping a secret from me, I strode to the passenger side door at her car. “Really? Tell me about them.”
The concert was ok, to get there was a long drive, and the band really sucked, but I didn’t mind. I couldn’t understand any of the lyrics or tunes, just noise bashing into my brains. But I might be complaining just because my overly sensitive hearing picks up the softest noises. I can hear down to the breaths of people across a room and I’m not accustomed to bass lines that are cranked up to where the music literally shakes the stadium, and is blaring directly at me. 
Ear plugs are a necessity next time. Nevertheless, Angel sincerely enjoyed it, so the night went pretty well. Angel bought t-shirts from the band and we laughed and enthusiastically sang the songs on the radio while speeding home down the empty, dimly lit freeway.
It was nearly midnight when we arrived back to my house, I nearly fell onto the concrete when I opened the door to get out of the car, she giggled and I merrily stumbled back to my house.
I turned back to wave at Angel and she leaned out the window hollering, “There’s a new horror movie coming out tomorrow night, and I’ve been waiting for months to see it. How about I pick you up tomorrow at eleven and we go to the midnight premier!” I nodded and laughed. “Sure! See you at eleven!” 
From that night on for weeks I spent every night playing with Angel. I stopped hunting, I stopped fighting, and I became a teenager. A silly, irresponsible teenager.
No systematizing my life anymore, just living. And the world didn’t stop. Nobody turned around and slapped me upside the head saying “Moogie, you're being childish! Stop neglecting your life and get back to your job!” My bills were paid because I’d work on cleaning and selling the memorabilia from the house with Joey, but I stopped hunting in bars and stopped looking for those predators.
I was normal. I would drive for hours all over Arizona, or make lengthy phone calls, or run down to sell this or that, easy mindless work. Joey and I constantly worked shifts all day at flee markets, bargaining with strange bearded men that wandered up to my table. 
Then, when night fell, while Joey spent the rest of the night hunting like I used to, I would run off with Angel and her friends. 
We'd go far and wide around the city, either goofing around with Angel's posse loitering or attending a party where the only person I knew was Angel. We rolled around town as if we owned it, instead of merely hiding in it.
Other times we would just stay at my house, where she kept her guitar, and we would dance, sing, and play all night long trying to finish all of my half written songs. Her friends would come over, making movie nights. I would even pull out my violin once in a while, if we were really drunk, and I’d play Angel little fiddle tunes or simple songs. My violin squeaked horribly, and I’ve forgotten where my fingers go. My education of classical music training ended as a seventh grader, but I still laughed and played.
Maybe one day I’ll learn something more sophisticated than Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Joey would invite me to hunts, big and small, but I’d make up some excuse that I was working on something elsewhere. Or I would be across town at some nightclub and I wouldn’t even bother to pick up the phone. My brain shut off when I played with Angel, when I acted normal I never wanted to turn my brain back on, ever again.
I never missed or regretted not hunting, I didn’t even think about it. I stopped waking up every morning dreading if I was going to die tonight, bruises and aches from fights stopped hurting and no more appeared to replace them.
My stress, my anger, and my self loathing washed away with regular doses of play time with Angel. My normal and wound up attitude grew fainter and fainter as my conscious and newfound bliss shoved all of my worries back into a locked, forgotten part of my mind.
The only adrenaline rushes and fear stricken inside my body were the simulation games at the arcades and friends’ houses that Angel dragged me to. Or when Angel got excited about a new engagement opening or a new fall line coming out, and I’d share her anticipation. I never knew life could be so easy to ignore.
One month slipped and fell into the past, then two. My life turned into a happy blur, no worries, no ‘situations’, no death.
One night Angel took me to one of her favorite nightclubs. Angel and I joined up with our circle of friends, about three or four of them. We had flashy, light clothing and our hair had been put up in different temporarily dyed styles of odd multicolored streaks. I fit perfectly in with them, although I went easy on the temporary dye. I was wearing one of my electric pink plaid miniskirts, a skin tight, off cut blouse with premade holes in them and accessorized in clunky, ugly jewelry that clashed with my neon colors. 
Altogether I looked like chaos with a purpose, somewhat mild, but still only next to Angel’s deep dark crimson vinyl corset and amplified scarlet hair. She towered over the other girls with an intimidating beauty nobody could measure too.
 Angel and her court of friends followed her through the door and she elegantly led us into the crowd. Colorful lights randomly flashed everywhere, the blaring music and thumping bass line drew my mind to migraines until I had a few drinks. I disappeared into the music with the other completely self absorbed humans.
The time ran, and I had no idea how long I was there. Angel was always with me, yet I still felt distant, letting the music flow through me. We were gone together, completely leaving boring society. 
Tomorrow they’ll return to being stiffs, sitting and typing in their small suffocating cubicle cells. Freedom, I always felt like this when I danced, I love dancing. 
I swayed and twisted to the thumping of the synthesizer music, letting go, not caring how fast and inhuman I acted. The utter escape liquefied my almost non-existent stress into an insignificant puddle; I spun around Angel as she moved stylishly and tastefully around the floor. 
Every move made, every part of her was right, veneration and almost worship of her was drawn from me merely watching her dance. Even after forever I wouldn’t be a tenth of her greatness, how can I live immortally knowing she, such an insignificant human with a blink of a life span coincide on the same planet as me?
The song ended and the next didn’t appeal to Angel. She left the floor and went straight to the glow-in-the-dark bar in the corner of the club. I tagged along staying close to her heels. When she noticed me she advanced over to two open chairs. The young bartender glanced at us and his face lit up “Hello Angel! Long time, no see! The usual?” Angel nodded. I smiled; I’ve probably gone here more often than she has and he still had no recollection of my face. 
I adjusted my top and shifted straighter as I noticed four other girls wearing the same thing as me. That’s my job, and I do it so well. 
I decided to order whatever Angel’s “usual” was, and it turned out to be very fruity. Angel turned around and surveyed her subjects, subconsciously I identified everybody’s basic locations and behavior, several turned their back to us when Angel turned around and I kept finding people’s attention naturally drew to where we were sitting. 
Or correctly, where Angel was sitting, I’m probably invisible to the world next to Angel, glowing in beauty. But my attention sharpened after seeing something over Angel’s shoulder.
The girl next to Angel rose and disappeared for a moment and the guy she was with dropped a tablet into her drink. It dissolved in seconds. She returned and drank the whole glass while the guy smugly beamed at her.
I pulled my eyes away, casually. 
Oh no, not here, not now.
The hatchet strapped to my leg weighed me down with sudden consciousness that I had it.
I had a few minutes until the rupees started working; the alcohol and the bliss compartmentalized in my mind as my brain switched to a working phase.
I tried to subdue it with an attempt to engage in a conversation with Angel.
 The girl was now slowly losing the confident stature she carried before the drink. Slipping into a daze, she will die tonight.
I looked down at my drink, pretending not to see them. Nobody would know, and it’s a greater risk for Angel to find out about me then for some girl to get drained. Right?
What am I thinking, he needs to be stopped; he needs to die. 
Adrenaline confronted and twisted the hate I'd been suppressing the past weeks. My hand clenched and my body stiffened, but Angel, completely oblivious didn’t detect my change of face.
I wanted to hear the thump of his lifeless body hitting the floor, the assurance he will never hurt another innocent forever.
I bit my lip, swirling the drink in my hand as I listened to him guide her woozy body away from the bar. My breathing caught as I let them slip out the door.
I shifted in my seat to get up, but held to the black counter of the bar. The weight of the regret of my decision pulled me back down to my seat.
I would be shattering the world I created for myself, the delicate glass bubble that encapsulated my happiness.
“Angel," I said restrained, "I need your car.” She raised her eyebrow “Why?”
“Please?” I held out my hand. She tilted her head, “How will I get home?” I ground my teeth, “I’ll come back later, please; I need the keys now.”
Her eyes grew suspicious as my patience cut violently short, “I’ll drive you wherever you need to go.” 
"No." My hand trembled, the need to hunt rising.
She crossed her arms, I glanced at the door. I can’t argue this, not enough time. “Fine, we need to go now.” She jumped up and strutted out the door waving to her friends “Bye!”
I pulled her along, “Please Angel, hurry!” My eyes scanned the parking lot, combing through the shadows, desperate to find it wasn't too late. The couple entered a black compact car which silently purred to life.
I pushed Angel into the driver seat and I hopped into the other “Follow that car!” I demanded.
Angel slowly turned the ignition on and pulled out carefully. My anger and my sense of hurry shot through the roof.
Through gritted teeth I pleaded to her, “Please! Angel, we can’t lose them!” She looked at me with cool, and unfazed collection, “What is your problem Moogie? Why do we have to follow them?” My fists balled and I agitatedly begged Angel to just follow without explanation.
Over and over we argued as she started complaining uncomfortably, I kept my same answer the whole time, “I’ll explain later, please, just keep going!”
She huffed out a sigh and irritation struck through her face, “Fine, but this is kind of stupid, just following random people.”
She kept a steady pace; obeying all the traffic laws, stopping at lights, occasionally letting other drivers cross in front of us. "Is this like your old boyfriend?" Angel guessed.
I wanted to bang my head into the dashboard. When we reached the stopping destination I instructed Angel to park slightly hidden under a droopy willow tree about a house away.
I dialed Joey’s number on my cell phone, “Joey, I’ve got one and he’s got a girl, I’m outside his house right now but I can’t go in. You need to get over here, now.” 
Joey’s preoccupied voice replied, “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes, are there any other ones in the house?”
I bit my lip, “I don’t know,” Angel and I watched the people through one of the widows, the guy disappeared and reappeared with a baseball bat.
Angel looked at me confused, “Moogie, what is he-” He swung the bat at the girl’s head and she dropped to the floor. “Ohmygod, Ohmigod, Moogie, Ohmigod. What just happened? Moogie?” Angel’s voice dropped into hysterics and her hand gripped my shoulder for support.
Her sharp, neatly manicured nails dug into my shoulder as she nearly burst into frantic tears, a pit of anxiety twisted my stomach “Joey that girl is going to die in five minutes, can you send another slayer?” 
“No, all the slayers are at that northern Arizona coven hunt, it’s just us.”
I stared at the window the guy just dragged the girl’s unconscious body from. I murmured softly and calmly into the phone as I stared at the house, “She’s going to die.” 
Joey’s voice grew severe and worried, “You don’t know how many are in there, most don’t travel alone and you know it, is the girl worth losing your life over? I’m driving over right now; I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”
I stared at petrified Angel, babbling and panicking the entire time, and then I looked at the empty window. Her knuckles shown prominently as she tightly gripped the steering wheel; the moon illuminated her sharp cheekbones and alarmed face to a ghostly white showing an unnerved, frightened child. Everything I feared became apparent in her face, I failed.
 “She’s going to die, Joey, there isn’t enough time.” And I shut the phone off.
“Angel, if you see anything wrong drive out of here as fast as you can, and don’t call the police under any circumstance.”
Her eyes darted to mine fearfully, “Why, what are you-” I slipped quietly out of the car and raced over the fence into the backyard, with lightning speed and uncanny strength I leveled the backdoor under my foot and charged around the small, untidy house. I sped forward, dangerously armed with my hatchet. 
That scummy cannibal was exiting a small closet sized bathroom and he had scarcely enough time to see me. I silently charged and sliced his skull into binary allotments. 
My adrenaline pulsed and my heart thumped hard into my ears as I dropped back and wrenched my hatchet out of where his head used to be. Oily spray and red goop splattered my nightwear and wetted my hands; I stared at it in the barely glowing lamplight in the cheap little hallway.
I kicked the distorted body askew and stepped into the bathroom. The girl dangled upside down, her feet tied to the shower curtain rod. She slept unharmed a foot away from knives and a bucket.
The house was spotless of any other people and when I finished sweeping the area I returned to the girl.
I washed my hands and then untied the girl. I gingerly carried her, keeping my arms away from my bloody outfit, she didn’t stir until I exited the front door and was halfway putting her in Angel's car. “Moogie?” I glance at Angel, she stared at me agape, “Wha-wha, your clothes, b-blood, blood on your c-clothes!” I shushed her, “Angel, it’s alright, please, don’t do anything irrational.”
Tears dripped down her face, “What did he do to her? The blood-” she raised a finger to point at my spattered clothes “Angel, I’ll explain everything soon, okay?” She continued to gawk at me frozen but forced herself to nod.
Joey arrived minutes after, I smiled at him triumphantly, “She’s okay, I’ll take her home, can you clean up?”
He nodded and looked over at the car, “Isn’t that Angel’s car?” 
I looked over at the car too, “Yeah uhh-” His voice turned steely and restrained as he drew his face back to mine, “Is that Angel in the driver’s seat?”
“That’s why I called you, I didn’t want to expose-” Joey shoved me hard and his voice escalated in fury, “You just blew our cover in front of her?” 
“I-I” I stuttered and looked at the car again, shifting from foot to foot in the leftover adrenaline. “Yeah, that girl was going to die. I-I had to act. And I trust Angel, she won’t tell anybody.” He ran his hands through his messy hair, deep in thought. “You take that girl home, I’ll take care of the house.”
I pulled my eyes away, ashamed, and started back to the car. Oh no, what have I done?
Chapter 8 
Evaporate

I commanded Angel to drive back to the bar, keeping my focus ahead of me. I gripped the armrest, wincing at the fuming internal regret. You idiot! You pathetic piece of worthless flesh! I crossed my arms around my stomach, my hands clutching the fabric of the sides of my shirt.
The moment the house disappeared from the rearview window Angel opened her mouth, "Are-" I interrupted her, trying to keep my voice steady. "Not in front of the girl." 
Angel stayed silent, her breath caught at my curt tone. Throughout the car ride back, she kept looking at the unconscious girl sleeping in the backseat. I stared straight forward, hating myself for my neglect. 
She woke up while we traveled back to the nightclub, still drugged; she acted in a loopy manner asking about where she was. Angel continued driving, fretful at what happened tonight, I alleged a basic story about seeing her at the club and then on our way home we found her passed out in an alley.
She bought the story, forgot it, and asked where her friends were. Then I let her out of the car and she ventured back into the nightclub, completely unfazed.
Angel stared at the girl in awe, “You’re just going to let her go?” I turned and looked at Angel. “Yes.”
She looked at me and then looked at the road, and she spoke in a flat, disconnected tone. “You killed the man. His blood is on your outfit.”
I shook my head, realizing I needed more time to figure out what I am going to edit for Angel's explanation.
"Not now, when we get home, I'll need a shower, and then we can talk."
I met my eyes up with Angel's.  My ultimatum was not negotiable. She bit her lip, the tears welling in the corners. I pulled away and looked out the window.
I ruined her, her childhood, her innocent youth. Why did I do it? Why did I crush my happiness? Angel was the only escape from my misery, my job, my life.
My tormented feelings made me dig my fingernails harder into a clench, I was on the verge of hyperventilating.
The girl I saved won't even remember me, she'll live an oblivious life, never contribute anything to society... And I chose that over Angel? A stranger for the light of my life?
I tried to rearrange my expressions to serious, still hiding my face from Angel. My breathing returned to an inhumanly slowed pace. My arms and body were caked with dried and flaky sweat and blood spots. The make-up encrusted on my face made it stiff. 
What a mistake, Angel is going to be changed forever, I failed. I utterly failed to hold on to my two lives. Why couldn't I just let one human go?
Any other slayer could, nobody is as stupid as me. Slayers slay because they can, because they know that the ones they hunt are evil, monsters, but nobody ever worries about the collateral damage. But I have to help the little people, it is always the little people first.
Nobody even cares!
My eyes shifted to Angel again. I knew how she felt, completely filled with ignorance and questions. I was her so many times, sobbing and alone. This world doesn't have saviors.
I smiled to myself without humor; I guess that is why I do it. 
The girl's body upside down appeared in my mind. She'll get to live another night. Nobody will have to grieve for her loss. Nobody will have to suffer pain like mine. The expense of my current happiness seems a fair trade. 
 When Angel arrived at my house my creaky bones grudgingly took on my weight and carried me to the door.
Angel trudged behind me, and I tried to not look back, I didn’t want to see her horrified and judging face. Nor did I want to see the expression she will have when I show what lurks underneath the fake, teenager façade I always wear.
I carried myself cautiously, as before; my expression was fully controlled again. I returned to my old state of being, preparing myself for the rest of my life's misery.
The house was dark, I flicked a few lights on and commanded Angel to wait in the living room. After disappearing upstairs I carefully peeled off my clothes and placed them in a plastic bag, I’m going to have to burn them. Next I dropped my hatchet into a disinfectant solution I kept in one of my cabinets. 
As a ghost, I drifted through the upstairs part of the house performing my normal cleaning rituals, showering, removing left over make-up, checking for wounds. I watched the multicolors sluice out of my hair with the special remover I kept next to the shampoo.
I need to burn my identity, and move out. It would be too risky to be with Angel after I tell her what I am. I can't seem to edit the truth, I wouldn't know how to evade it. She has seen too much.
Leaving will be enough though, nobody will believe her if she told anybody.
Fifteen minutes after I send Angel home, I should be gone. The house wouldn't trace to me, I just needed to take a few things.
I would need to evaporate, again, just like water on the sidewalk. In Arizona water disappears without a trace in a matter of minutes, it is as if the water never existed. It only stays in the minds of those who witnessed it. I will only be a weak memory to Angel one day.
I finished my shower and looked like a normal child again. Short, straight golden hair, clean jeans and a T-shirt, soft, rounded features; I was almost disgusting to look at. 
Will I say goodbye to Angel? Knowing her now, the best friends we are, leaving is going to be very hard, harder if I tell her. I wasn't just a friend, I am her best friend.
I pulled out my massive make-up kit and slapped on pseudo age to my face and stared at the clean white door that led to the hall. There’s nothing else I can do to procrastinate. I glanced one more time at the mirror, then left.
She listened quietly, asking questions here or there. When I finished my story I felt slightly relieved, she didn’t run away screaming. Although, I did cut out some of the more deplorable parts, like the deaths from the diner and the other bigger mistakes from the past six years.
Angel had a very thoughtful look while absorbing this. After a pause she summarized my story, “So, your dad worked on this virus that made you immortal and drink blood?” I nodded and she added “And you’re going to spend the rest of your uh, existence, hunting and destroying anyone like the murderers who killed your family until you find them?” I replied, “Yes.”
Angel nodded “And you are like them? But with your dad’s modified version?” I replied solemnly “Yes.” I twiddled my thumbs and swung my legs back and forth.
“But you are a slayer? Those are people who hunt others like you?" Angel mumbled. I nodded, and she shot another question. "Why don't they kill you?" I looked up, "I don't exactly know why, pity maybe, I guess I'm just enough like them." I answered quietly.
"What it’s like?”
"What?" Angel's intent stare met my thoughts, "The virus. How are you different from people?"
I thought for a minute, and then said, “I feel more alive, the vision is so much sharper, almost as if looking through a magnifying glass at everything. And my hearing, I can listen to the smallest movements, similar to this seemingly quiet room, it’s filled with undetectable sounds to you but to me this is almost a jungle.” I smiled, “I’m always listening to the air-conditioning systems, it drives me crazy.”
I paused, and started again. "My hunger for blood is like nothing you have ever felt before. When I starve, I lose control. My world is flung upside down and I want to kill everything in sight.” I heard Angel intake quickly, her eyes were so wide.
She then said “Blood, inhuman senses, immortality, is everything like the myths? Can you run faster than a speeding car? Why do you walk in the sunlight?” I shrugged “I never really tried to test any myths, I know what I know, and I'm still sort of human, I guess, so lore like garlic and fangs are probably formulated by imaginations.”
Angel exhaled slowly, “Do you know how long you can hold your breath underwater? Do you even breathe?” I shook my head “I told you, I don’t focus on that stuff, and uh yes, I still breathe, sweat, my hair grows, and so on.” She looked at the refrigerator, "How much blood do you drink? Can you eat human food?” 
“I don’t need it every part of the day anymore, I drink it around once every day or so but the others consume a massive amount every few days. And their kind can’t eat substantial human food, they end up just barfing it back up less than an hour later. But the modified version of virus that I have is closer to being normal enough to accept food.”
Angel tilted her head “The blood, where do you get it?” 
I half smiled at my intelligence, and the easiness of the answer. “Unlike them I can drink pig’s blood. So I just waltz into the grocery store down the street and in the meat section I order the blood.”
She shook her head. “That doesn’t make sense! Why would they just give you the blood?” I leaned back comfortably in my chair, “Normal people do it all the time. Some special recipes require pig’s blood, like German Blutwurst or in America they call it blood sausage. I just bring in a recipe list and they will get me what I need, no questions asked.”
The conversation ended then and my lighter attitude sank. My eyes drew to my hands, time is up. I held my breath, “It is late, we'll talk tomorrow, okay?"
Angel analyzed my pained expression, she was taking this so calmly, so trusting that I was doing something right.
The corner of her mouth twitched, "I feel like if I leave, I will never see you again. It is a stupid feeling, I know." Her breath caught, soft and silky, "But promise me you won't leave?"
My mouth fell slightly open, her small tone so heartbreaking, her crystal eyes pleading. I blinked, feeling the tears come, "I’m sorry, this is all my fault.”
She looked at me and tilted her head, “You save people, don't apologize. Nobody should stand in your way, nobody else can do your job.” 
She shifted and put her arm around me, “Even though it seems scary and I know I was completely panicked, I see now. You don’t have to leave me, I want to help you, I want to save people. No more parties, no more getting drunk and acting stupid. You could train me, and we could save people together.” 
“What?” I stared up at her surprised, “You want to what?” Angel, in all seriousness repeated, “I want to help you hunt.”
My mouth fell open, "You-you could die.” I whispered, Angel shrugged, “You could teach me how to be careful.”
My hands gripped into fists, “This isn’t like anything you’ve ever done before, once you start you can’t get out, even if you do find a way to leave, it emotionally ruins you.” Angel nodded, “I know, but I still want to help you." I shook my head, no she doesn't, she doesn't. 
It's a horrible life, perpetually slapping the face of death, while the unlucky fall around you. It is a countdown, only made for those who wouldn't care if their only light of existence is snuffed out before they've had a chance to live.
Slayers are the dying, running to embrace ache and unhappiness for a cause unworthy and thankless. 
“No." I answered certainly. I shook my head, the tears drying. "Moogie, I want to help you, I want to stand by you."
I shook my head again, with the same certainty. "No."
"You know you can't be like this forever, one day it will be too much. You know you need me. And, and..."
I saw the future of what she meant, she could see the failure I was. She wanted to save me.
"Is this really what you want to do?” My voice weak, so unsettling.
Her tone and face never changed, “Yes.”

Chapter 9 
Independence

Angel stayed in one of my spare bedrooms the rest of the night. When she woke up at around 10 AM, she left to work a shift at the ice skating rink. I left soon after to go work at a flea market with Joey. 
I laid back on a hot metal chair with my feet propped up against a plastic bucket and picked at my nails while people crossed by our stand to browse the merchandise. 
Joey had forgiven me for the night before, and I told him about my conversation with Angel about how she wants to be a slayer. I don’t think he caught half the words coming out of my mouth though, the whole time he was half staring into space, half fiddling with whatever trinkets were in his reach. 
I stopped my ranting about how I couldn’t figure out why Angel didn’t run away screaming her head off and I watched him. It took him a few seconds to realize I wasn’t talking. He put down the spoon and looked up at my slightly irritated expression. “What’s wrong with you?” He closed his eyes and leaned back, “My girlfriend just broke up with me.” My mouth fell open, “What?” He shook his head, “I thought everything was normal, and when I came home last night I got this letter!” He pulled out a crinkly, over folded paper and handed it to me. 
Joey had opened and closed, folded and refolded this poor little piece of paper, and it was halfway ripped and taped back together, he probably ripped it in anger and then stopped midway. 
The contents contained a clean, hand-written cursive paragraph with the words “Dear Joey” taking up four lines before the hand writing shrank back down to one line spacing.
I quickly scanned the paper, it said in gooey girly language that he didn’t do anything wrong and that their love just wasn’t right. She met somebody else, and she hopes he’ll find somebody that deserves him properly one day.
I read it a second time, and looked back up at him. Joey was now intently focused on picking the calcium off a fork. “What the Hell is this?” He dropped the fork and threw his arms up in the air “THAT’S WHAT I SAID!”
His explosion drew the attention of several onlookers and embarrassed by his outburst he returned to his intense fork-picking.
Keeping his attention directed at the fork he mumbled “All of her clothes were gone from my house, I rolled back the security cameras to make sure she wasn’t kidnapped, and she had packed everything up and put the letter on my desk completely by herself.”

I shook my head, his voice grew angrier while saying “I watched her get in an open top red convertible with another guy and then kiss him while they drove off.”
I could see the bags under Joey’s eyes as they twitched from lack of sleep. Then he smirked, “I got the guy’s plate number though.” I handed the letter back to him, “You know if you kill the guy it won’t make you feel any better.” He nodded, “I know, I know, but maybe that shiny paint job on his car and tires should be redecorated with my knife.” I shook my head, “Let’s just go take your anger out on somebody who deserves it, how about a hunt tonight? Doesn’t that seem more fun than keying some idiot’s car? And it is good for the community!”
The corner of his mouth twitched up. Then his cell phone buzzed, he shook his head, “I bet that text is from her-” He opened and loaded the holographic interface. I watched his facial expression drop and his body grow ridged. “It is from my cousin, Arnold.” His mouth dropped, “Oh my God, Moogie, they got them.” 
“Who?” I asked. “Jonathan and Marit. Do you remember that coven bust in Vegas? Arnold’s gang just finished. They found passports and I.D.s that confirmed it. The search is over Moogie, Jonathan is dead.”
I half stood up. The phone buzzed on the table again, I snatched it up with my lightening reflexes. Arnold’s reply was short.

We finished the raid twenty minutes ago. Sending pictures now. If Moogie wants to see it in person she has twenty-four hours to get to this address.

Below was an address for a house in Nevada and a few pictures. Joey snatched the phone back, but leaned over to let me see the interface better. He clicked on the first picture.
A tall, black-haired man with chunks of flesh missing from his face, arms, and body was laying on the floor. Next to him a girl much smaller with that familiar lava red hair laid just as ripped up. The fuzzy images from my past matched the bodies of the dead. Bits of flesh were torn through, bullet holes cut  into their figures. But I knew these were the murders who killed my family.
My eyes fixed on the photo, I couldn’t move, the thoughts and feelings aroused in the pit of my stomach were overjoyed, relieved. They didn’t die by my hands or feel any torture inflicted of how I wanted them to, but they were dead.
“I need to see them.” I said quickly,
I looked up at Joey, his eyes met mine, “Of course, you book our flight, I’ll clean up the shop.” In less than an hour we were driving to the airport, the time blurred by, and I couldn’t remember boarding the plane, or most of the flight. The only thing I could hold onto was the crushing need to examine every pixel of the pictures.
Joey fell asleep with his arms crossed and head on the side of the plane, next to me. I sat straight, tapping my fingers impatiently on the arm rest. 
I couldn’t believe it, no matter how many times I told myself they were dead I couldn’t grasp it. For six years their images damaged me, all of the nightmares, the lonely crying, it was all I ever thought about when I ended someone’s life.
A million times over I day dreamed about what I would say, how I would act when I finally would meet them, how I would make them pay.
I remembered asking Joey countless times if the other slayers ever found any sign of them. He always reassured me that he has everybody keeping an eye out and I would be one of the first to know. 
How could they be dead? Is this just a sick dream to give me hope? Is it a mean prank? These people ruined my life, and disappeared. How is it that they just get killed one day, and appear on Joey’s phone as bodies? My mind wandered for hours in the possibilities of doubt.
The plane touched down and startled Joey awake. We rented a car and followed the GPS on Joey’s phone to a rich neighborhood when the house came into view. 
Surrounding the house I saw black vans with the letters FBI on the side, yellow crime tape surrounded the perimeter of the house and men and women in oversized blue jackets with the letters FBI printed on the back worked in and around the house. “Joey, turn around, cops, turn around now.” I hissed. 
He smiled and shook his head, “You haven’t seen Old Mr. C do a job yet have you?” I looked at him, “Those are slayers?”
“Yep, Mr. C is celebrating his ninety first birthday. He decided he was too old to be sneaking around at night, and he was going to go in no matter what, so everybody put their heads together to try to find a better way to raid this coven in broad daylight. This was the best idea.” We fell silent as Joey parked the car. I could hear Joey taking a deep breath and tightening his expression. 
Out the window I watched the figures at the faux crime scene. My loose muscles and normally innocent expression tuning cooler, less open. I centered my head slightly down and shifted into my unreadable glare. 
“Do we need those jackets too?” I asked, “No.” He said emphatically. We left the safety of the car and ducked under the crime tape. A bulky guy with dark brown hair and sun glasses jogged over to us.
He shook Joey’s hand and nodded to me, his tone distracted and neutral. “Glad you could come, I’m Arnold. Before you see the bodies Mr. C wanted to talk to you.” I nodded and followed Arnold through the door.
The other slayers around me stole glances my way. I didn’t know any of them, but all of them knew exactly what I am.
These strangers have the predisposition to detest me, all they are looking for is the slightest mistake on my part to give them a chance to slaughter me. I feared them more than the creatures I risk my life to hunt.
The oldest man I had ever seen limped my way from the living room. He, as everyone else, wore an oversized FBI jacket. Instead of sunglasses he wore wide rimmed glasses to aid his sight.
He glared down at me, his under bite made his face set in a grungy scowl below his wrinkles. Conscious of his equal abhorrence to my small figure, a shiver shot through my arms, I battled my instincts for flight. 
 But tensely I stayed still, unnaturally still, holding my determined expression. He could never will me to cower on the outside, my doubts will only live in my mind.
Mr. C slid his eyes up to Joey, “George and Arnold need your help, go be useful.” Joey nodded obediently, “Yes sir.”
And he left without a moment to spare, and although my facial expression didn’t change, I realized my vulnerability with my friend and protection fleeing without a second thought.
Mr. C cleared his throat, “Little lady, now I don’t want to see you getting all delicate about the bodies.” I tilted my head down in understanding, and took the insult without objection.
The surrounding sounds caught my senses as whispers left the mouths of a few slayers behind me, “Heh, how many necks do you think she has sucked on?” one said, another conversation buzzed, “She’s just using poor Joey to get to us, but I'm not fooled.” Two men carried some of the furniture out of the house, “I don’t know why Joey would even consider dating a creature like her, she’s sterile! I mean the nerve…”
My head twitched, as I unconsciously tried to shake their conversations out of my head. Mr. C eyed me suspiciously and started along down the hall. I followed, my quick and light step opposite to Mr. C’s thumping and dragging.
He didn’t look like a great-grandfather, or the scandalous man that he is accredited to be. He was a gruff old man, dressed in clothes out of style decades before. He made his way up a set of stairs alone.
All slayers, if they get to be that old, seem like him. One shade or another. I always wondered what it would be like to be his age, to let so much time pass. 
The rooms at the end of the hall were cleaned out, the rugs were spotless, and all of the furniture had been cleaned out. On the left there was one closed door, his rough hand encapsulated the door handle and turned the knob. 
The room, as the others, was scrubbed spotless, no furniture, the rugs were white, but in the middle of the floor a sheet of plastic had been laid out. On top were two bodies, their ripped organs were strewn out, and blood pooled in different indents of the plastic. I stepped into the room, it was silent in here, the only noise I knew was the occasional wheezing of Mr. C’s breath. 
I circled the bodies, they were ripped with bullets and signs of decomposition, their smell made Mr. C’s eyes water. I knelt down next to their bodies. My breathing had stopped, and another breath didn’t have to be taken for another minute or two.
I remained unnaturally motionless, gazing at Jonathan's face. My stillness fit in the silent room, time stopped ticking. Mr. C and my dangerous surroundings seemed like a mere glance in the distance.
Jonathan was without words, he was without love, he was without life. After all the fettering, the worrying, the doubts of my life, now acceptance engulfed my thoughts, the price was paid. I am free of him, and so is the memory of my family.
Then the stillness passed, new air entered my lungs, sound of creaking and commotion from downstairs grasped the corner of my attention. Another wheeze from Mr. C reminded me of the clock the slayers were on.
I looked up at Mr. C and stood, the fear and the paranoia of my current situation bringing me to my internal feet. “I want their heads.” I said stolidly. Mr. C’s expression didn’t change, “George!” He shouted. A man with light brown hair, looking almost identical to Arnold materialized, “Yes sir.” 
“I want these heads detached, cleaned, and wrapped for this little lady, can you handle that?” He barked, antagonizing the young man with his challenge. George, in slightly disgusted, cold expression met my neutral face, “Yes sir.”

Joey and I caught a plane back home by the end of the day. I now had a suitcase in the belly of the plane. 
“I think he likes you.” Joey said slightly amused, we were ourselves again. I leaned back and closed my eyes, “I’m just glad nobody tried to stake me.” Joey snorted, “A stake? Nonsense, if they wanted to kill you they would use their custom crafted machetes.” 
I nodded, “Of course.”
Joey looked out the window, “So, what are you planning on doing with the skulls?” I smirked, “They are going to be candle holders on that vanity in my room.”
"Do you want to celebrate?" He asked. I smiled at his simple ways, take someone down, clean up, and have a beer. Repeat.
"No, we still have work to do."

Chapter 10 
Ready, Set, GO!

A few days later I started training Angel everything I knew about being a slayer. We moved all of the furniture against the wall in the living room and relocated the big screen TV to clear a wide space, I left the thick rug in the middle of the room as a crash pad. 
I started teaching her little things like how to punch, and the right places to get the maximum damage or a certain outcome. Then I taught her how to avoid getting punched, with various parries and side step combinations, and we moved on from there to different types of kicks and when to use them.
Days flew by as I taught her the uses of an opponent’s off balance, defensive stances, and how to get people on the ground. She was a quick learner, and we moved to grappling and arm bars, then how to escape them. 
On the earlier days of training she didn’t take me very seriously. She would comment on how I was too small or not strong enough to execute a certain move. After a while I grew tired of all the lip and retorted in a childish tone “I’m much stronger than I look.” And she challenged me to an arm wrestling match. 
“This will be good.” I rolled up my sleeve and dropped my elbow onto the table. She looked smug, I have thin, short arms in contrast to Angel’s long, finely defined and fit arms; I wonder how many times a week she goes to the gym, three, four days? 
The first match I slammed her hand into the table so fast she didn’t have time to blink. We argued and she completely denied it as a legitimate win claiming she wasn’t ready. With the second round I slammed her hand onto the table faster than the first time and she called for another rematch.
I put my arm out for the third time and she jumped up and grabbed my hand, pushing with all her might to throw my arm down into the table. I didn’t even budge. Then, with all my might I slammed her hands into the table so hard she shook them out after the match. I leaned back and smiled at her flabbergasted expression, “Do you want to go train now?”
As the training continued, my teachings escalated from her learning moves to applying them in fights to shifting quickly and fluidly from one to another. I would have her attack me and then we would switch positions. Most of the time our fights would end with me choking Angel until she lost consciousness for a second or two. In the beginning it was rare for her to land a blow on me, even if I was leaving weaknesses wide open for her to take advantage of.
After the sixth choke out in one session she stood up, looked down at me and glared with her arms crossed. “This isn’t fair! You are a super person; I stand no chance against you! How do you know I’m not perfect on these moves and you’re just too fast?”
I shook my head and opened my mouth to retort back, but after a second I just smiled. I found my cell phone and quickly sent out a small text. Five minutes later Joey appeared with a giant grin smacked wide on his face. Angel raised her eyebrow, Joey was at least four inches shorter than her, if she doesn't want to fight me, she can battle Joey. Angel scoffed at the challenge and slowly rose to fight him.
They circled each other cautiously and Angel advanced to attack, Joey instantly took advantage of the opening weaknesses and used her weight against her in a counter attack. Angel landed on the ground with a thud.
Joey choked her out swiftly and efficiently. Because Joey didn’t mean to teach or go easy on Angel he took a few seconds longer to let go of the choke which completely subdued her. Angel was out cold. We stood over Angel and watched her wake back up “What-where am I?” 
Joey put on a dead serious expression, “Angel! You don’t remember anything? You were in a coma for two weeks after that car crash!”
Angel’s expression turned to shock and her body froze until she noticed where she was. I tumbled on to the floor in hysterical laughter, and Angel’s expression turned from confused to fuming. Joey was laughing at her too, almost as hard as I was and she shoved him to the ground angrily.
I tried to get up but I just tumbled back down, cackling and coughing after she stomped her foot like a child and spat “It’s not funny!” 
We roared and Angel stormed off to the kitchen. “She is so going to hate you for this.”
I gasped and tried to assuage my hysterics. “Alright, fun time is over, let’s get back to work.” Around five minutes later she returned with something behind her back.
I raised my eyebrow, “What’s that behind your back, a knife?” Joey snorted. She tilted her head and smiled deviously, a stripe of fear set off through me. 
I watched her twist her arm and produce a tall blue cup. Even my eyes and reflexes didn’t move fast enough as Angel threw the contents of the container at us. I froze with my arms up in attempt to shield myself. Joey and I were completely drenched in water, and Angel was on her butt laughing at us faster than you could say “Angel no!”

We started moving into fast and more complex fights, some lasted longer than thirty seconds, others ended after forty-five. When we would finish one fight I would instantly hop up for the next one, but she would take a while to get back up.
Angel always needed a break for something, bathroom, water break, lunch break, sometimes she would just be out of air. Joey was like this too; when Joey and I hunted he was always shoving some sort of snack or fast food take-out item in his mouth.
At first I never really noticed weaknesses like that when it was just me and Joey, but spending almost everyday with Angel all day I never realized how slow and needy people were. 
A few times I failed to remember to check the time and Angel and I would spend more than seven hours training. Angel didn’t whine much about physical exhaustion, but one day, after a particularly long section she watched me casually pick up the couch and move it back to its original place. “You know those myths about your kind?” 
I shrugged, “Sure, most aren’t true, you know that.” She leaned against the wall, “I was thinking, maybe we could find out which ones are accurate.” I picked up the TV and carried it back into the room, “What do you mean?” She shrugged, “Can you run faster than the speed of a bullet? Can you stop vans going forty miles an hour? Can you jump off a building and land perfectly fine on your feet? Does any type of sunlight hurt you?” I stood with my hands on my head and exhaled slowly, “Mmm, I don’t know.” I looked up at Angel’s tired expression. “How about we take a break and test some of those myths tomorrow?” She smiled, “Sure!” 

Angel basically lived at my house now, rarely was there a time we didn’t see each other, and everyday she strolled right into my house and I made her breakfast or she would wake up in my spare bedroom next to the study and start the coffee for the day in the kitchen.
 Soon magazines, newspapers, and mail addressed to Angel appeared at my door step. Three different papers would arrive nearly everyday, then fashion magazines, gossip papers and the occasional piece of junk mail would appear. I didn’t know they were Angel’s at first, I never read who they were addressed too, and I started reading them. Half the stuff in the fashion magazines completely confused me, why would a girl be worried about if a text ended with a smiley face or not? What is a Vutton?
All of the articles were confusing and written as if the author thinks they are entitled to the world to wait at their hand and foot. I would take the quizzes in the back too, most would end with the magazine telling me I am a complete idiot and I need to get a life or go back under the rock from which I emerged from. It utterly baffled me. In my frustration I sought outside help to decode this foreign language.
When I worked the flea market shifts with Joey I would give him the magazines. He would sit with his feet propped up on the table wearing his usual raggedy clothes and some form of hiking boots buried in glossy, teen-age girl magazines. And every time he would finish one his expression never failed to be bewildered, and even with his infinite knowledge he was still stumped with why any form of T-shirt is suicide, but colorful sports bras are the new formal wear. Though he did manage to identify that Spade is apparently a designer, not a shovel.
Then one day Angel found me reading one of the magazines and she exclaimed “Oh! You’re the one taking my magazines!” And after scolding me about respecting her privacy I was only permitted to bring in the mail, and she had to read them first.
At one point of time her clothes integrated into my weekly laundry washing cycle when I noticed an entirely new laundry basket next to the washer and dryer. Then my spare bedroom door adopted a sticker of a pair of Angel wings. It looked odd being a glossy white sticker against the old, hand-carved wooden door, but soon another sticker appeared under it: Angel’s Room

Today we were up early to beat the weather. At around seven it was already in the high eighties, a sure sign of the sun’s enmity of mid-June and all those who aren’t smart enough to stay in the air-conditioning. Angel had picked me up in her exhausted but still hanging on white Cherokee and we drove to her old high school; it should have been mine too.
On the drive over she explained to me “I looked up what the world records are for the fastest and strongest people in the world.” She handed me a binder. “I want to see how close you are to them.” 
Inside the binder was page after page of things we can do. She had neat blank sheets of paper in each section made for recording. In the back I even found measuring tapes, a stop watch, and a few pencils and pens. I was shocked, “Who helped you make this? It’s so organized.” 
She smirked “I did it myself. I wanted to make sure we tested you right.” I shook my head “Why aren’t you in college? You are smart enough to attend.” Angel sighed “Everyone thinks that, but I don’t want to become a doctor or an accountant. I want to live my own life.” I shut the binder and looked at her, “What do you want to be?” 
Angel answered as if she rehearsed it until perfection, “I’m going to be an actress, and I’m doing it all alone. That’s why I work at the ice skating rink, I’m going to earn enough money to buy a ticket to California and get enough for an apartment to live in for the first few months.” She looked at me and tacked on “Oh! And on the side I want to help you save humanity from evil.”
I snorted, she glanced at me for a second, and her expression was dead serious. I leaned back for a moment. To be famous; huh, definitely not on my agenda. 
I wanted to object, but my life is worse. I’m spending it killing people. I guess her aspirations aren’t that out of the question. 
When we arrived and the car's air conditioning systems turned off, Angel and I were defenseless against the torrid air and the dust that instantly clung to our arms and legs. I chose to wear some old shorts I used to wear in seventh grade. They fit perfectly, and it still looked relatively new, the shorts were shorter than where my thumbs hung when I put my arms down, and the pockets stuck out being longer than the actual length of the legs of the pants.
I surveyed the familiar track, across the field was the elementary school; I noticed the empty rundown playground and a rush of nostalgia and memories came back to me. One in particularly stood out. My family was walking the dogs; I took Lilie to the playground and tried pushing her down the slide. She, of course, flipped out and accidentally fell off the slide onto the woodchips below. I felt guilty the whole rest of the day.
I turned the memories off and tuned back into Angel’s voice. She was bent over spray painting the ground talking about the strange world records people hold. I was about to object to the graffiti lines when she looked up and interrupted me “You should be stretching! Start here.”  She pointed at the wet line, “Then run as fast as you can all the way to there.” She pointed another line. 
Back in the beginning of seventh grade I remembered doing something similar to this. Angel opened her binder and pulled out the stopwatch, “My time for the hundred yard dash was about seventeen seconds. I guess that’s average. I believe you can finish this in about ten seconds or less.”
I shook my head “You can’t know that, I might be just as slow as I was before.” Angel looked at me with narrowed eyes, “Why are you always doubting yourself?” I stopped and stared at her, even in jeans and a T-shirt Angel stared me down so very queen-like, keeping an almost aura of authority over me. 
I shook my head and stepped up to the line. Doubting myself, how could she know? I can hold a perfect poker face when I play Texas Hold’em with Joey’s dad and the other slayers, but somehow Angel knows my exact internal conflicts?
I drew back from my strains of thought and looked up into her crystal blue eyes saying plainly and unemotionally “I only doubt myself because I don’t believe in most of these myths.”
Angel rolled her eyes and shifted her weight onto one hip “You are the most boring mythical creature I’ve ever met, Moogie.” I smiled and rose to a lighter voice “I’m the only mythical creature you’ve ever met. So I’m the most exciting too.”
I felt like such a kid, getting ready for her first track try-outs. Angel jogged over to the finish line and shouted “On your marks” I dropped into the running stance. “Get set,” I looked up, and stared directly down the lot, “Go!”
The adrenaline surged through me, giving my feet an exhilarating gush of new power as my feet pushed off the hard gravel. Scenery blurred into a tan haze as I impelled at swift speeds towards the second line. I didn’t take three breaths before I flew passed the finish. Angel was more excited than a toddler jumping up and down getting presents. “Wow Moogie, ten point twenty-two seconds! You should be in the Olympics!”
I lightly brushed rocks off my shoes and calmly looked up at Angel. Angel was extremely proud of her guesses, and we tested the hundred yard dash a few more times. As an hour passed, the suns rays blowtorched us and with enthusiastic vigor. I wanted to drop dead like bed bugs in this temperature and call it a day, but Angel, with perspiration dripping down her face pushed forward for more testing and minimal breaks.
After the second trial of the four hundred yard dash, Angel decided to turn in and eat lunch back in the car. I reveled in blissful air-conditioning.
Every other day we tested something different or went to a new place. On the off days we trained, moving on from hand to hand combat to weapons training. 
One time we went to the gym and I bench pressed an easy two-hundred and fifty pounds. I lifted the front of Angel’s Cherokee a few inches and pushed it around a little.
I also can hit baseballs nearly out of the batting range, (They would go further except there is a giant net surrounding the place) and pitch ninety-five miles per hour fastballs. Another day we went to the public swimming pool; I’m pretty good at most of the strokes but still no Michael Phelps. I can hold my breath under water for nearly eight minutes and complete a mile in four.
Weeks passed by quickly, my life seems to orbit around Angel once again. After each day I felt productive and guiltless. I worked with Joey and hunted with him on my own and during the days there was a new project or subject to cover with Angel.
On a dry Tuesday in September I took her out to a shooting range and I taught her how to fire a gun. 
She could spot and name every brand of shoes a girl owned with just a glance but somehow she couldn’t shoot the broad side of a barn if her life depended on it. Through the day I ended up spending most of the time trying to get Angel to stop shooting with her eyes closed. We made great progress. 
 After that we invested weeks on just the subject of guns, how to put them together, take them apart, load unload. I taught her where to carry them, hold them, where to keep them in her house, and how to use them. Ironically, her anti-gun friends would sometimes call her up while she practiced taking apart and loading one of her pistols, I would hear in the other room a conversation that sounds like this: “Hey Sierra,” ‘click’ “What am I doing right now?” ‘click, click, click’ “Oh you know, boring stuff.” ‘chink’ “No, I can’t go out tonight sorry.” ‘clunk clunk’ “See you later.”
We shot a variety of guns, from double barrel shot guns to nine millimeter pistols. She loved them like a pair of shoes. 
My shooting wasn’t bad, I usually brush up on it monthly out of habit, but when I’m out hunting guns aren’t the best weapons for close contact. Especially around the public where everybody else carries guns too. It is a universal rule for slayers, don't use guns for common hunting. They make too much noise; if the shells are found near the victim by the police then slayers are more at risk of being caught. It also gets pretty messy, blood spattering and all.
I remember hearing a story a while back about a slayer that used a gun in Phoenix hunting in an alley. At the sound of the shooting, several pedestrians pulled their guns out and blew him away. That’s Arizona.
I like to keep my brain solely in my head, so I use a quiet and equally deadly hatchet on the majority of hunts. 
But I do use guns. Usually in strange situations like if I’m on a big hunt, if I’m assigned sniper duty in the group hunts, or we suspect the other side has guns. Bullets don’t inflict that much damage, a shot that could be fatal to normal humans might end up being just a wound that would heal up in a matter of weeks. Head wounds are still fatal but the other hit spots aren’t as reliable. Hatchets prove to be useful in the accuracy category too, that’s why I usually stick to my hatchet, when I’m decapitating the head of somebody I can be sure they are dead.
Soon we moved to knife training, and I taught her all the places you can kill somebody in one swing or thrust. Like the indent in the back of the head, one plunge with a small dagger in some places can make the body completely shut down. 
We moved on to using odd tools like sticks, bats, boards with nails (which in my opinion is one of the most dangerous things that can ever be wielded), glass shards and bottlenecks, and anything else that can be improvised.
One of the most used subjects I taught was how to utilize the hatchet. You can’t just go up to somebody swinging like a mad person, you have to be precise, if you overshoot or miss, and the thrusting power you meant to bring down on your victims might just end up in your leg. I showed her how to grip the handle so her hand wouldn’t slip. We would go out to the middle of the desert and bring watermelons and cantaloupes. I taught her how to rush the fruits and split them in half, or in other ways. The first time we did it she was so concerned about not missing the watermelon or dropping the hatchet that she forgot to swing.
Then we moved onto other techniques I’ve used in chases, how to tackle someone, how to hop a fence. When I was a first time slayer I didn’t realize you weren’t supposed to sit on the fence because your pants get caught and ripped on the chain links.
Angel was ready by mid-October. Joey discovered a house with two of them inside and we were the only ones in town available for the hunt. We staked-out the house in my favorite new car. I leaned back in my seat sleepily; the moon had just risen, illuminating the silent street blue-white. The night was perfect for my eyes, not too dim or too bright, I could absorb every aspect of the street. Joey was sitting in shot-gun and Angel was in the back watching the plan Joey was laying out for the attack on the house. I knew his plans like the back of my hand but Angel kept enthusiastic attention to Joey and his diagram. 
With his newly updated phone that ran on fast, cutting-edge technology our holographics were efficiently running at a quiet hum that I was pretty sure nobody else could hear except me, and the little building he had pulled up was detailed up to the nines. 
Joey had pulled up a loose diagram of the floor plan for the house we were about to raid and explained the plan. “We’re going in through the back, over the gate at this fence, and then we’ll enter through this door. If we split up, you’re with Moogie.” He pointed with his green plastic stylus at a small door in the back yard. Angel grew wide with an excited smile. “Are we going now?” Angel hopped up and down in her seat excitedly. Joey gave me a slightly amused look as she wiggled with excitement.
 Angel, Joey, and I exited the car and swiftly moved under a window to watch inside. We were in the side yard peering into the only uncovered window in the house, a young woman in a polka dot apron with her hair done up as if she was the housewife-next-door was bustling around the living room with a vacuum cleaner. A man dressed cleanly and sharply exited the living room and disappeared up the stairs.
I smiled at the sight of them, this young, seemingly innocent couple, the ones that manicured their garden, chatted with their neighbors, and waved to the kids walking down the street from school were cold-blooded killers, with the most disgusting ways of living. My smirk widened at the irony of my position in all of this.
We ducked down and followed Joey onto the back patio. After producing a lock picking kit and fiddling with the door for about a minute we penetrated through into the kitchen. Joey signaled us to go upstairs while he took care of the girl.
I let Angel lead the way to the top floor. All of the doors were left ajar except one, I flattened against the wall to the right and Angel was on the other side. With her hatchet ready and as determined as me, she threw open the door and charged inside.
I trailed in behind her and my senses captivated the room. The male was standing in a bathtub dressed in thick plastic gloves, an apron, and rubber boots. As Angel brought down her hatchet onto his head, he was slicing the neck of a young lady who was strung upside down, duct taped and struggling. 
The girl’s eyes widened and she thrashed around while blood gushed everywhere, he had been holding the girl steady before, but as he dropped to his knees with Angel’s hatchet wedged in his skull, she freely jerked back and forth in panic. I jumped onto the counter and reached to cut the tie keeping her upside down. 
Angel, taking a few moments longer reached over to the girl and pulled the duct tape off. The blood splattered all over the bathtub and all over Angel’s shirt and slacks. She caught her when I cut the binds and I kicked the man’s body out of the way to make room on the floor for where we are going to place her. 
My hands inked red as I tried to seal up the wound, her right artery was slashed open and leaking astronomical amounts of blood. The girl gripped my leg weakly and gasped for air. Her tears dripped down her cheeks and mixed into the blood, “H-help! Please. Please! I don’t want to die.” 
I leaned on her neck harder; Angel held the girl’s hand and was on the verge of tears herself, “Moogie! Moogie! What’s happening? Please! Moogie! What do I need to do?” I ignored Angel’s panic, wishing she would go away and stop frightening the girl. I turned to her and commanded, “Go get towels.” And Angel sped out the door. 
“Look at me!” The girl turned her frightened eyes to me, “You are going to be alright, the police are coming and nobody is going to hurt you anymore. What is your name?”
“Eliza,” I kept her focused on me, “Tell me about yourself, do you have a family? Sisters? Brothers?” She started rambling in between gasps and tears, “I-I have a little sister, sh-she’s turning four in a week, and-” Angel brought in the towels.
Joey appeared in the doorway and interrupted the girl, “The rest of the house is clear, are you guys okay?” I nodded and Joey crossed his arms and leaned against the doorway, his facial expression was calm and collected. Almost unemotional.
I drew my attention back to the panicking girl, “Don’t worry, you’re going to be fine, we do this all of the time, you’re going to be all right.” Eliza looked up at Angel, tears streamed down Angel’s face. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.
Angel's hysterics frightened the girl, so I tried to keep her focused on me. "It's alright; everything is going to be alright."
Eliza wept quietly and less as I tried to sooth her.
Seconds ticked by as I had the girl talk more, my legs were completely soaked in her blood, she was fighting to breathe, and I could feel her slowing down. “Where is the ambulance?” She whispered drowsily. I lightly shushed her, “Don’t worry about it. Don’t worry.” I looked up at Angel, “Hold the towel for me, please.”
I gave up and shook my head at Joey. Angel didn’t notice, she moved into my spot and continued to hold the girl’s neck, continuing to assure her I knew what I was doing, and she would be fine. Eliza reached up and weakly stroked Angel’s hair, “You’re so pretty, just like an ang-” Her hand dropped into the pool of her own blood.

Chapter 11 
Please?

Angel’s expression when we cleaned up the bodies shown so lost, traumatized. When we drove home she only stared out the window silently. I pulled into the driveway and she shot out before I could say anything, disappearing for the rest of the night.
I sat at the kitchen table and mindlessly searched through the jewelry I had picked up from the house.
My thoughts weaved in and out of dread and regret. The pit in my stomach pulled lower, what have I done to this poor girl? Why was I stupid enough to even consider allowing her in to my world? She was a child. A healthy, beautiful, clean child. And I had to go and mold her just like me. I finished separating the necklaces and started cleaning and polishing the gems integrated into the gold bands on the rings. 
The sun rose, I didn’t know how many hours had passed, and golden rays beamed through the circular glass window place high above me. The light shined on the silver diamond ring I was cleaning, it emanated rainbows around the darkened room.
 I stared at the iridescent stone, then put it down and climbed the stairs and down the hall to Angel’s room.
 I leaned on the door frame and hesitantly tapped on the door. No answer. I tapped again, and entered her messy blue room, posters, pictures, and magazine cutouts were tacked scattered and unorganized on the walls. The place looked old with the antique furniture, but out of place with the bright clothing and make-up littering the floor and draping over the wood frames. Angel, curled up on the corner of her bed, her wavy, scarlet hair fanned out on the deep cerulean pillow and her soft snowy face, laid vacant.
I stepped lightly over to the foot of her bed and leaned against the bedpost. 
“I couldn’t save her Moogie. I did everything right, everything you taught me, and I couldn’t save her. Why? What was wrong?” I could feel Angel’s susurrus voice saturated in anguish. “Angel, sometimes, they don’t make it. Our methods are not immaculate, and training can only do so much.”
“What do you mean?” I traced the wood carvings on the bed post, “This job isn’t always going to be how it seems. We won, you might have saved thousands of people, people that you will never meet or know. Those nasty people last night would have continued killing in the future, and-”
Angel shot up and bellowed, “But she’s dead! Don’t you get that? Gone! The future doesn’t matter, it’s what happens now that matters. That girl just died! Why are you and Joey so unfazed? You lied to that girl and let her die!” 
Tears dripped down her cheeks as she continued to shout in a cracking voice “You guys just stood there watching, it was if you saw this everyday!” My eyes fixed on her and I kept a calm expression. “Angel, Joey and I have been doing this for years, losing a person or two is not uncommon. It happens.” 
Angel gaped at me; I met her eyes and then tilted my head down and counted the fibers on my sock. The truth of a slayer is starting to nip at Angel.
Angel wiped her tears away, but more replaced them, “You lied to her, you told her everything was going to be alright, and you knew she was going to die. And you said the police were coming and an ambulance and-” Her sobbing broke her sentence and made her words incomprehensible. 
I bit my lip and risked a glance at her, “Yes, I lied to her; I knew she was a goner from the first moment I saw him slit her throat.” 
“W-well why didn’t you call the police? They could have saved her. Isn’t that their job?” Angel cried softly.
I shook my head. “No Angel, we never call the police, they are not on our side. And they can never do our jobs."
“Why?” She asked, bereavement and distress lining her tone.
“Think about it, they can’t just waltz into houses and arrest people. Even I didn’t know if the people we just killed were not normal until we saw the girl. We just look for certain traits in people and go by that. The police need cold, hard evidence, not suspicious traits. The girl would have died, and her murderers would have continued to walk in the sun. No doubt in their minds that they would never be caught and punished for their crimes.”
Angel focused on twisting her hair around her fingers while listening to my speech. I continued, “I know it doesn’t seem right that we have to play judge, jury, and executioner, but we have too, because nobody else can. This is a life completely contrary to the one you were raised in, and it seems like we are the bad guys, but we are doing the right thing, always remember that.”
Angel stopped twisting her hair and looked up at me, she wiped away her tears, “Come on Angel, this isn’t good for you, let’s get you outside, a pretty face like yours shouldn’t be stuck in here.”
She took a deep breath and leaned off the edge of the bed, I watched her silent expression for too many long moments.
My mouth twitched up, comfort trying to reach her. "Don't worry Angel, reality will adjust for you, and I will be here if it doesn't."

The dial on the clock spun roundabout faster than I cared to remember, soon we were past the end of a windy autumn, and slipped into the lowest temperatures winter will allow here. No snow, no clouds, no rain, we always had dry, clean weather. The vast sky lit my world differently, still sharp and bright but not quiet summer yellows. The sidewalk became a different white, the trees, roads, and houses became muted, shady, but not somber, I always felt serene; this is the only time of year that my hate is ever slightly lessened.
Angel and I trained for hours, twice as hard, but included new subjects, I taught her how to chase and run away. We worked on her lying skills, and I showed her tricks on how to conceal blood on her clothes or patch up wounds. We’d hunt every night. She never broke down like the first time, rather the opposite. Something flipped her, she now led the way into combat, the first to kill, and the last to leave. 
Her vigor and adaptive efficiency for killing struck pride in me, and shock into Joey. At the end of some hunts Joey would comment on how he had never seen someone so ferocious in a fight, and I agreed. 
She almost never hesitated, her actions sometimes became rash and sloppy, but her explosion into a fight usually caught her opponents off guard. Angel’s tactics soon surpassed mine; her skill was like no other.
During training one out of four times she would win the fight. I sometimes had to rely on my only advantage, my speed and strength to escape from her clutches. Joey even lost a few times to her when she started calling rematches against him.
Angel’s attitude lasted all day, after a hunt, she would bounce around and bug me to train with her. She didn’t know how to turn fighting-mode off. But as time passed, she soon became almost herself again, gaining some control over her emotions by mid-December. 
I noticed this as she gradually took up her usual old habits again. She returned to reading her magazines of glossy covers with air-brushed faces, piles of those had stacked up in the corner of her room. On her dresser where Angel spent hours grooming herself and decorating her face, I noticed before the make-up had relocated into a drawer and her hatchet and gun which she cared for until they were spotless had replaced the main space. 
But as time progressed, her blush, eye-shadow, and lip gloss returned and lived next to the blood-stained cleaning rag she used to scrub her hatchet.  
She started wearing her fun clothing on non-working days, and she cared for her hair instead of slicking it back into a pony tail or a braid for convenience. 
By mid-January she was entirely different in such a surreal sense, she soon became programmed as Joey and I to be always conscious of the surroundings, but also she learned when to relax and start a routine. I never did that. She never carries a bouncy, care-free expression as months before. I had extinguished her innocence and lit a different desire that burned white hot inside. But somehow she retained her old self; I knew this especially when she returned to her three newspaper ritual.
Everyday she would snatch up the mail from my hands and remove the New York Times, the Arizona Republic, and Variety magazine. After flipping through each and dissecting any part involving the entertainment industry, she moved on to searching the Arizona Republic’s ad section for cars. One in particular, a cherry red 1977 Pontiac Trans AM with a giant bird painted on the hood.
Everyday before opening the paper she would tell me “Ooo Moogie! I bet today I’ll find my T-bird!” And everyday she would be dismayed to find one wasn’t there.
January melted to February and then to March, April and warm eighty degree weather rolled in without the showers.
On April thirteenth, Angel’s birthday, I smiled at the New York Times paper when I picked it up off the front porch in my flannel pajamas.
Angel, half asleep, was dressed in a bathrobe with flaming cats, and a worn T-shirt and pants. She still snatched up the papers and started flipping through them.
“Today will be the day Moogie, I can just feel it.”
When she flipped through the Republic and found only last week’s silver mini-van as the highlight of the ads she shut the paper and exhaled in slight disappointment. I smiled half-way, “Hey Angel, why don’t you look in the New York Times? I bet they would have it in there.” 
She rolled her eyes, “Right, because we definitely don’t live a thousand miles away, and we have the time to drive out and bring one back.”
I shrugged and lightly sang, 
“You never know.” 
She looked at the newspaper and picked it up. After flipping through the horoscope and looking through the funnies, she opened to the car ads. 
Her mouth fell open, 
“Moogie?” 
She showed me the paper and pointed to the middle ad. The ad was red rose bordered and in the middle were the lines:

Angel, roses are red, violets are blue, this isn’t a T-bird, but Happy Birthday to you.  
-Moogie

Angel squealed with delight and hugged me. “You remembered! Ohmigod, it’s in the New York Times! How did you do it?”
I grinned wider seeing her smile glistened with happiness. She then rose from the table and disappeared upstairs to return a minute later with a pair of scissors, her car keys, a glue stick, and a small, hot pink box with a handle. 
She plopped back down onto the table, threw open the box, and removed a locked little book decorated with stickers and glitter. 
I stared at the ingredients with my eyebrows up to my hairline as Angel started explaining, “Ohmigod! This is soooo special! I’m going to keep it forever.” Angel then moved to picking through her key ring and singling one out which she used on the locked book. After opening the book she cut out the date on the New York Times and the ad and glued them into her little book. 
She then held it up to me and said, “See?” I rolled my eyes and shook my head, “Okay then,” I glanced at the clock, “Come on, time to go to work.” I slowly got up from the table covered in this arts and crafts project. She grabbed my hand, “Can we stop by the gas station? I need to get another one, I accidentally cut up an article on one of my favorite bands.”
Her mood didn’t falter all day. When we worked shifts at the flea market, she basically shoved the second New York Times paper down Joey’s throat explaining over and over what happened at breakfast.
After mauling Joey she continued to tell anybody within listening distance about the ad. Joey got so tired of her freaking out the customers and scaring them away he let Angel take the rest of the day off making some excuse that some labor law somewhere says because of her birthday she doesn’t have to work.
With no priorities or jobs I took her out to the best bakery ever, deep into the jungle of stores at the mall, and I ordered Angel a giant half-raw cookie dough cake with gooey marshmallows melted and spread in the middle.
We sat in the busy food court where TVs constantly played music videos that you couldn’t quite hear and a merry-go-round constantly moving at the corner of your eye.
I loved being here, this always felt like the place to be, it was my favorite hang out spot when I was a kid.
We were making our very best attempt to consume this gigantic cookie without throwing up all of the rich, thick frosting that covered the top when Angel stopped. 
“Remember a few months ago when we were talking about how we are the only people that can hunt, and normal people can’t find them?” I shrugged, “Yeah. Why?”
“Who are ‘we’?” She tilted her head; I swallowed and took a sip of my drink. “Slayers, there aren’t many of us, but we are out there. Most are usually families, it’s a very narrow crowd. Nearly every slayer is related someway or another by marriage or blood.” 
Angel raised her eyebrows, “Why?” I put my piece of cookie down, “Think Angel, slayers are hard to make. It took you months of training, and you panicked the first night you found out what I was and what I do. A slayer’s life is a strange one; we go around and kill other possible murderers that we have never met before, and trying our hardest to evade society and their rules while still trying to deal with human nature. Wouldn’t it be better to be raised into it? You would know nothing else. Besides, who would you trust to help you carry a dead body across town?” 
Angel had been chewing the same piece of cookie in her mouth the whole lecture. “But I’m a slayer and you’re a slayer, and we were never raised like Joey, and I’ve taken bodies all over town with you.” 
I shrugged again, “Our case is different, we are family, in a sense. We’re just one in a million I guess.” Angel took another bite and asked “So everybody is related. What about marriage, do they marry their cousins?” I laughed, imagining Joey saying I-do at an alter to his short, angry cousin Mary. 
“It’s complicated; marrying is a problem with outsiders, you have to be really sure they are the one because if outsiders can’t cope with the truth, they endanger the identity of the slayer. I’ve heard of some that live double lives, others that quit altogether, and some that end up working out just fine after a blunt reveal. One time I heard the spouse found out and she almost went to the police, the slayer was so scared of going to jail he shot her.”
Angel’s eyes widened, and I continued on, “But some slayers take a different option. There are two big slaying families with many unrelated branches that have a life style like this as slayers. The relations aren’t very similar. But basically American slayers are grouped as the Dollies or the Miltons. They don’t marry their first cousins, but it is pretty common somebody has the same great-grandfather or something.”
Angel shook her head, “That’s really weird.” I shrugged, “Yeah, but things usually work out. There are other families; those are the strange cases like me, sometimes a widowed husband or a family-less person.” I downed the soda I brought in Angel’s gigantic purse, while she asked, “Joey, what family is he from?” 
“Joey is in a branch of the Milton family.” I scrutinized at the details of my cookie’s frosting design trying to remember Joey’s family tree, he explained it to me one time all the way up to the first in the family slayers, who started in eighteenth century colonial America. I started elaborating on who they are, “Let’s see, in Arizona I know several Miltons, Joey, Joey’s mom named Miranda, Joey’s dad named Charlie, Joey’s older sister, Sarah, I haven’t met her in person, but I’ve talked to her on the chatrooms. She’s really prejudice against me for what I am. I think she moved out a few months ago to somewhere in Canada. Joey’s grandfather had a brother, uh, Mr. C, I’ve only met him once, he’s really old, and lives with Joey’s parents.”
Angel fed back to me who I just talked about, and I continued with my speech. “North of here I’ve met one of Joey’s twin aunts, uh, Candice and her kids George, Arnold, and Mary. The rest of the family lives elsewhere in the United States. Other than the Milton family in Arizona I know a few Dollys, most keep to themselves, and a few drifters have come through town a few times following ghosts of leads.”
She didn’t have anymore questions after that, and we were basically done with the cookie, so I cleaned up and we wandered through the mall looking at all the clothes and jewelry in the windows.
At one of the stores we stopped at Angel searched through lines and lines of shiny black knee high boots, I rolled my eyes as she showed me one. It had laces instead of going up straight, they wrapped around the boot so to tying it seemed impossible.
In the checkout line I absently picked through the candles in a wire basket next to the cashier. Angel selected a few of the cinnamon ones and purchased them too. "What are the candles for?" I asked as she handed me the bags to carry.
Nonchalantly Angel mused, "Those creepy candle skull things in your room have bad smelling candles. When you do that funny ritual of lighting them the smell makes your room unbearable." I smiled, "What funny ritual?" Angel rolled her eyes, "Moogie, you are just so mysterious sometimes."
I played mix and match jewelry at one of the vendor stands with Angel. “Ooo, look at these diamond rings! Don’t you think they would be great with that necklace?” 
Angel held a pair of earrings against her wavy, scarlet hair, “Moogie, I was wondering if I could ask you something else.” I hung four necklaces together for a comparison. “Requesting permission to request permission is slightly redundant, don’t you think?”
Angel looked sincerely confused. I smiled and quickly changed the subject, “What do you want to ask?” She nodded then opened her mouth, then closed it and bit her lip. I returned to analyzing the necklaces while Angel tried to formulate her question.
She blushed and said “Over the last few months I’ve realized something.” My eyebrows rose, “Does your revelation have anything to do with your hair, because yesterday you spent three hours on it-” “I’m serious Moogie. And it was two and a half.” I giggled, “Well tell me then!”
She bit her lip, and stood quietly staring at the mirror still holding the earrings. “We’ve been friends for a very long time, and, and-” She stopped, then started again, “I’ve never been so happy in my life Moogie, and I want to keep being a team like this going on forever, wouldn’t you?” I shrugged “Sure.”
We were quiet again for a few long seconds, “Moogie? Would you make me like you?”
I furrowed my eyebrows confused, “What do you mean? You are like me.” She put the earrings down, and reluctantly answered in a softer tone, “To live forever, I want to, uh, share your virus.”
My mouth dropped open and my voice turned to steel. “Excuse me?” Angel turned around and looked directly into my eyes pleading, “It’s just-”
I put all the jewelry down and glared. The world dropped into a gray blur, people melted into the wall, the rumbling conversations of the people dropped out of my radar. I only saw Angel’s dark hair contrasting with her pure serious white face.
I crossed my arms with my nails digging into my skin, “How could you ever ask something like that?” Angel’s eyes closed, “I know what you are thinking, but really, what is going to happed twenty years from now? Thirty? You’ll be you and I’ll be so…different!”
I turned and stormed away from the stall, Angel and her long stride kept up. “We need to think about these things! I know you hate it, but really, what’s going to happen when I grow old? Die?” 
My hands balled into fists, “That’s what you are supposed to do!” Tears welled up in her eyes, “Moogie, you don’t have to be alone forever, you don’t have to punish yourself like this. It wouldn’t be a mistake, I promise you.” I could barely keep from exploding into a giant ball of fiery anger. “No Angel, no way.”
She didn’t bring it up for a while after that conversation, but it was always in the corner of my mind. 
One mid-January night I couldn’t stop thinking about it, Angel had brought it up again and we had a horrible argument on the way home from an unsuccessful hunt.
She told me she didn’t mind outliving everyone. I argued she will never have children, she said she didn’t need them, she would live forever instead. Reason after reason she justified what I argued, then would elaborate on how easier life would be with her like me. 
She would always try to stay cool against my vehement incantations of reason. I knew the underlying facts though; her words of truth stung my conscience along with the crisp cold air to my nose. 
Alone, I will be alone and miserable, but that’s the way everything should be. Alone, it rings in my head over and over. Alone. I can’t ruin her humanity, I just can’t; she has to understand.
We were drifting through the dozing city, the bars were closed, the shop lights had no more zestful attract. The day was done. Nobody except the occasional homeless person occupied the streets or sidewalk, shadows of familiar sounds preserved the background into a city silence. Angel and I disrupted the sleeping metropolis with our presence, we didn’t fit, and I always felt at this time the urgent need to leave where I didn’t belong.
The car was parked in a faraway garage because we hadn’t found immediately close parking at the beginning of the night; as we started down the dimly lit streets I was getting the feeling this will take a while.
My head was stormed with stress, and my body felt tight and strung. We lost ourselves in the argument, striding angrily through our city, taking robotic turns, barely keeping our eyes out for the garage. Soon I knew for a fact we weren’t in the right place.
“Angel, where are we?” She looked up confused, “Don’t change the subject, I’m not going to let you be evasive on this one.” I shook my head, “Seriously, I think we made a few wrong turns.” She looked around her, “Yep, looks like we’re in the suburbs. Anyway-”
I shook my head and interrupted her, “I think if we go down there we can shortcut back to the street we need to be on.” 
Angel angrily spun on her heel to the direction I pointed to and we dipped back into the argument.
We strode swiftly and again blindly on the never-ending sidewalk in unrested discussion of her mortality until we reached a canal. As we crossed the bridge I looked away from Angel and peered over the side. The water was low and caliginous, I could see outlines of small fish zooming around, trash built up on the large concrete sides.
I remembered this bridge, and the countless times I’ve crossed it to return to the city.
Something was off this time; I could almost feel the wrongness. Angel's conversation made me so uneasy. 
As I listened, a grumbling noise arose greater suspicion of how right I was. It sounded under me, almost trying to be hushed. I leaned over and glanced down under the bridge. Three homeless people appeared into my vision. I quietly signaled for Angel to look over. She glanced over the side and shrugged. 
One was asleep on the ground and two others seemed to be deeply involved with each other. I looked closer; one wasn’t dressed like the other two, clean, and expensive.
The oddly dressed kisser let go and wiped her mouth. The other slumped to the ground.
Oh no. I hiked up my skirt to remove the hatchet. Angel picked up on it and quicker than I, she disappeared over the other side of the bridge.
Moments after, my feet dropped onto the hard concrete where the street light barely seeped over. On the other side I glanced at Angel entering a fight with the woman.
I paced into the other direction, the shapes of the bodies on the ground were motionless, both dead. Then I scanned the area to find evidence of anyone else besides her. It seemed to be just her, and the two homeless people had their esophagus completely detached from their bodies. I shook my head, I had noticed on the news days before, bodies were found just like this thrown into Tempe Town Lake, which is a long freeway trip away from here; it’s nice I got to solve that mystery. 
After that I casually glanced up to see if Angel had finished before I went to search the woman’s purse by the bodies.
I froze, Angel was a limp mound on the concrete, dark, thin blood leaked out of her head, her scarlet hair sprawled out, I couldn’t tell how much red was her hair or the blood. It quickly threatened to flow over the ledge into the canal.
Looming over was her opponent, a richly dressed woman in white leather, shoulder length dirty blonde hair frizzed slightly. Her sharp, manicured nails wrapped around the wooden handle of Angel’s hatchet; I watched a smile creep up her face as she raised it to deliver a finalizing blow.


Thank You for reading the sample chapters of Moogie Covenant.
For the complete book, visit:  MorganRouth.com
