The Chronicles of
Fire & Ice

Book One of 
The Legend of the Archangel
Series
L.L. HUNTER

Copyright © 2014 L.L. Hunter
The Chronicles of Fire and Ice
ISBN: 9781310604546

Third Edition

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition

Edited and formatted by 
Rogena Mitchell-Jones, Literary Editor
www.rogenamitchell.com

Cover Design by 
Regina Wamba of Mae I Design and Photography
www.maeidesign.com


This book may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission from the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. All characters and storylines are the properties of the author and your support and respect is appreciated. 

This book is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Both author and editor have taken great effort in presenting a manuscript free of errors. However, editing errors are ultimately the responsibility of the author. This author writes in Australian English.

For Paris. . .
From death comes life.

Prologue



He spread his black wings out and wrapped them around her. The touch of his feathers on her skin was silky smooth and their colour was black as midnight but with a rainbow sheen often seen on birds. These feathers reminded her more of an opal the way the moonlight hit them. He brushed his lips against her neck. They were feather light but hungry. She sighed and leaned back into him, leaning her head against his shoulder. 
And then she noticed his eyes and gasped. They seemed dark brown at first, hazel, chocolate even, and then the lighthouse beacon moved over them. She had never before seen so many colours. His irises split into a million different hues, every colour in the spectrum. He spoke, and it startled her. She didn’t know what she was expecting to come out of his mouth, something seductive maybe, but never this.
“Now, I want you to fly,” he whispered in her ear. 
The words paralysed her.
He spread his wings and leapt off the cliff they were standing on, carrying her with him. 
That was the moment Scarlett woke up.
Chapter One


Destiny

Just a dream, only a dream, she kept telling herself. Just another dream about the same thing. This was happening more and more often now. Scarlett groaned and rolled over to glance at the orange digits of her iPod dock display: 5.45 a.m. Great, she thought, fifteen minutes before the alarm. She rolled out of bed, and as her bare feet hit the cold floorboards, she winced. Where these dreams were coming from she did not know. She sighed. This was just another day in the life of Scarlett Porter.

Scarlett flicked on the kitchen light and walked over to the coffee machine. She poured the milk into the frothier, and while she waited for it to foam, she mulled over the events of her dream. Who was the mystery guy with the rainbow eyes? He had black wings. That meant he was bad, right? She shook it off and popped a capsule in the shoot and pushed the on button. She didn’t know what this dark angel wanted with her, but she decided not to let it bother her, even though the dark angel who had been haunting her dreams for the past few months was sexy as hell.
“Scarlett?” She didn’t hear anyone come in. She was off in her own world. It wasn’t the first time.
“Are you all right?” Scarlett’s grandmother put her hand on her hip as she stood in the entry to the kitchen and studied her granddaughter. “Have you been having those dreams again?”
Scarlett knew what her grandmother was like—paranoid. Her mother died when she was born and her father wasn’t around, so she’d been raised by her grandparents. They were sweet and all, but over protective, hence why she didn’t tell them about her dreams.
“No. It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” She put her coffee in a takeaway mug and headed back upstairs to her room.
“Scarlett, please. I have to know these things. You...”
“I’m what, Nanna?” She zipped up her suitcase and picked up her backpack and threw it over her shoulder. “I’m going to be late on my first day. Do you really want me to have that kind of reputation?”
Today she would be starting at Blackbell Academy, an exclusive yet compulsory school for Nephilim. Scarlett was nervous enough as it was, she didn’t need her grandmother freaking her out even more. Her Nanna sighed and moved in to kiss her head.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. It’s just that your grandfather and I worry about you going out into the big wide world, finding your wings, and discovering your Trait...”
“I know, Nanna.” Scarlett was twenty-one and when Nephilim offspring turned twenty-one, they left to go to an Academy. The academies taught young Nephilim how to call out their wings, learn how to fly, and eventually, find and develop their Traits—their unique abilities. Everyone’s Trait was different, but most often than not, they were similar to their parent’s Traits. Since Scarlett didn’t know anything about her parents, any clue as to what her trait might be was a mystery.
“You worry too much. It’ll give you more grey hairs,” she joked. Scarlett loved her grandparents and would miss them. Her Nanna laughed and hugged her. “Say goodbye to Pop for me.” 
“I will, sweetheart. He was upset he wouldn’t be here to see you off. He couldn’t get away from the factory.”
“Those Blackbells are relentless, aren’t they?”
“Yes, but that is why Zachariah and his son are successful businessmen. If you see young Mr Blackbell, don’t get too involved.”
Scarlett knew Lakyn Blackbell had a bit of a reputation as a womaniser, but he was also a successful entrepreneur, and the face of his very own cigarette company. “Don’t worry, I hate smokers.” He was handsome, yes, but smokers really did turn Scarlett off. He also came across as kind of sleazy on TV, and she really hoped she didn’t cross his path at the Academy.
Scarlett said her final goodbyes to her grandmother and left for the tram station. 
Blackbell wasn’t your ordinary run of the mill school. It was where you went if you wanted to discover your true self, your true lineage. There is a story that has been passed down from generation to generation. The Chronicle, which states that in the beginning, during the war of The Realms of Fire and Ice, Seraphim hid on Earth among humans to hide from Lucifer and his followers. But they weren’t hiding, they were preserving their bloodline, because they knew the Seraphim race was slowly dwindling, and Lucifer’s darkness and evil were spreading across the earth. To save themselves, the Seraphim bred with the human race.
Some people believe that this new race descended from the offspring of the first union of Seraphim and human, called Nephilim. They believe they all hold a little angelic blood in their veins and, therefore, their Traits. Most Traits stay dormant until around the age of twenty-one, because Angel blood is not activated until early adulthood. This is the time to enrol into an Academy.
Not everyone was pleased with the opening of these Academies. The first one, The Michael Academy, built in 1500 AD in London, England, was burned to the ground in Heavenly Fire shortly after construction was completed. Some say it burned in Hell Fire because the group responsible called themselves The Lucifites, followers of the Morning Star himself.
There was little mention of the Lucifites in The Chronicle. Since most believed that the group had been destroyed some time in the 1800s, that chapter had probably been removed. But some believed they were still around, spreading the filth of their master across the earth. There were rumours that they even inserted spies into the remaining Academies, posing as Professors, so they could slowly stain the goodness and light of the Michaelites’ work, and turn it into darkness and evil. But they were only rumours, and nothing was confirmed.
Scarlett smiled to herself as she left the house. Yes, this was the day when her life would change.

She rode the tram into town just like every other morning, usually on her way to work at The Hidden Tree Book Emporium. The sky was a canvas of reds and oranges and yellows, the same spectrum as her hair. The sun was just beginning to rise. It was her favourite part of the day. She clutched her copy of The Chronicle tighter to her chest and thought about what being at Blackbell would be like—being away from her friends, who weren’t yet ready to come to an Academy. Scarlett had this feeling inside of her that she just couldn’t explain. Was it nerves? One thing was for certain—this was not going to be another ordinary day. 
Today, her tram took her on another route.
The tram came to a sudden stop, and Scarlett would’ve gone nose first into the seat in front if she hadn’t stopped herself straight away by grabbing onto the handrail. She had always had fast reflexes, hereditary or uncanny, she didn’t know. But hopefully, her destination would tell.

The Michaelites, the founders of Academies all over the world, were a group of priests, brothers, and nuns who named themselves after Michael the Archangel, defender and safeguard against Lucifer’s taunts. 
Each Academy was named after an important Archangel, like Michael in London, Gabriel in Sydney, and Raphael in Los Angeles. Smaller branches of the academies were named after their founding families, such as the one Scarlett was going to today in Melbourne. 
The name Blackbell wasn’t a very angelic sounding name, but legend had it that the Blackbell family were descendants of Lucifer and that the Michaelites had been trying to get them shut down. The Blackbells denied any connection to Lucifer. Their family crest, a black bell in the centre of two black angel wings, even had a story of its own.
The Chronicle stated that when an angel falls, their wings turn from gold or white, depending on how high up they were, to silver, and if they were really rebellious or evil, black.
There was a dark legend connecting the bell to Lucifer: when the bell tolled, the End Days would come and Lucifer would return. Most people believed that the marriage of these two symbols meant pure evil, but Scarlett didn’t believe it. Her own grandmother went to Blackbell, and she didn’t turn out evil… 
Well, that was what she had grown up believing.
Her grandparents had told her that they were all descended from angels, and that one day, she would go to an Academy to learn how to unlock her full potential. It was her legacy. It was her destiny.

The tram stopped opposite Federation Square where Scarlett could see the steeple of St Paul’s Cathedral. From what she was told, Blackbell was attached to the cathedral—modern architecture mixed with ancient.
As she stepped off the tram, she pulled out her iPhone and opened the email of the confirmation letter she’d received. She almost couldn’t resist the urge to pinch herself. She glanced at the Blackbell coat of arms on the email and back at the same symbol that sat above the doorway to the Academy. The building’s exterior was cube-like in shape, and the facade was made entirely of square glass panels. It reminded her of a transparent Rubik’s cube. The other walls were built with dark grey or black stone that Scarlett couldn’t identify. Were the walls painted or was that their natural colour? The roof was yet another story. On top of the structure sat a crystalline glass dome with faceted sides, such that when the sun hit it, each side turned a different colour. There was nothing in Scarlett’s memory about the dome. How could she miss something like this? It was beautiful.
Chapter Two


Impression

Dyston stood on the rooftop. The rain cascaded down his leather jacket, making a heavy sound. He didn’t mind the rain. He shrugged off his jacket and it landed in a heap at his feet. His favourite thing of all to do was to stand out in the rain and let his wings unfurl. The sensation of water running over his feathers, cool and refreshing, was like nothing else. He didn’t understand why his father and brother disliked the rain. After a few minutes, he picked up his jacket, pulled his wings back in, and walked back through the French doors into his bedroom. One of his best Traits was the ability of his body to dry itself almost instantly. He didn’t want to dry—he loved being wet—but today, he had no choice. With a knock, his door opened, and Lakyn stuck his head in, snapping Dyston out of his reverie.
“Bro, the students… why aren’t you ready?” Lakyn’s eyebrows rose at his brother’s dishevelled appearance. He disapproved. Lakyn was five years older, and the sun seemed to shine out of him—in their father’s opinion, anyway. This annoyed Dyston immensely.
“I am ready,” he inhaled. Dyston closed his eyes and the glisten on his skin disappeared. His black hair stuck straight up on his head, which he then tried and failed to flatten. His brother chuckled. He always thought his little brother’s talent was so bizarre.
“Very well, see you down in the dining room. Oh, and be on your best behaviour!” Lakyn told him, before his head disappeared. Dyston was alone again. He sauntered to his piano in the corner of the room, sat down, and began playing.

As Scarlett pushed through the doors of Blackbell Academy, the first thing she saw was the colour scheme. Everything was black, red, or grey, which didn’t help hush the rumours, she thought. Right of the foyer, there was a wide grand staircase with a black iron railing that twisted around half the room. It was made from black and grey speckled marble with a plush red velvet runner laid down the middle. Scarlett thought it was exquisite. Forcing her gaze away from the stairs, she made her way towards the administration desk to the left of the foyer. The desk itself was high. It came up to Scarlett’s collarbone and was made of the same marble as the stairs. Behind the desk on the back wall was the Blackbell emblem and underneath, four antique gold clocks—each showing the time of a different city around the world: London, Los Angeles, Sydney, and Rome. 
Scarlett set her bags down on the ground. She always carried way more than necessary. She tried to make eye contact with the Nephilim woman sitting behind a desk, who still hadn’t noticed her. She cleared her throat.
“Hello, I’m Scarlett P…” she began, but the receptionist cut her off. Her dark straight hair was cut in a bob, and her face was emotionless and pale like she had never seen the sun.
“Scarlett Porter, yes, we have been expecting you,” the receptionist said in a nasally monotone voice as she began typing at her iMac.
“Am I the last to arrive?” Scarlett tried again.
“No,” she replied bluntly, offering no explanation as to how many students were due to arrive after her. Scarlett wanted to ask the receptionist how she knew her name without checking the files. But before she could say another word, a shadowy figure at the top of the stairs caught her eye. She was about to turn her head away when the shadow began descending. She noticed it was a Nephilim in his late twenties to early thirties, and he had the most striking eyes she had ever seen, even more so than the boy in her dreams. These eyes were the colour of the underside of an iceberg, and as he spoke, his voice chilled her to the bone.
“Welcome to Blackbell,” he said, reaching the bottom. Looking her over, he added with a smirk, “We hope you’ll feel very comfortable here.”
“Thanks,” she managed, with a dry mouth. She licked her lips and bent down to gather her bags.
“Don’t! The maids will do that. That’s their job,” he said. Then he gestured to someone Scarlett couldn’t see. A young Nephilim around the same age as Scarlett stepped out of the shadows and picked up her bags, taking them through a door to the right of the admin desk.
“So where are the other students?” she asked the mysterious and dark stranger.
“They’re in the dining hall waiting,” he said.
“Waiting for what?”
“Waiting for you, Scarlett,” he said, gesturing for her to follow him. How did he also know her name? She was beginning to freak out a little.
“But… she said…” she turned to look back at the receptionist, but she was gone.
“Don’t worry, Estiel doesn’t know the time of day,” he said. Scarlet thought his last remark too harsh, but couldn’t find the time to tell him. They had already arrived.
“Enjoy,” he said, leaving her.
“Thanks,” she muttered under her breath, entering the room.

The voices of the waiting students echoed in the expansive room, and all eyes turned to her as she made her way to the last vacant seat in the room, muttering numerous apologies along the way. She sat down next to a brunette Nephilim girl with long straight hair who was texting someone prolifically.
“Hi,” said the girl, not taking her eyes away from her smartphone.
“Hi,” replied Scarlett. 
Then the Brunette looked at her. “He’s cute, isn’t he?”
“Who?”
“That guy that walked you in. He’s really cute.”
“I suppose, but he’s not really my type,” Scarlett said, scanning the room to see if the blue-eyed stranger was still around. He wasn’t.
“You’re the only one I’ve talked to that thinks that. I’m Kat, by the way.” She offered her hand.
“Scarlett,” she said, shaking Kat’s hand.
“Anyway, he’s off limits,” added Kat.
“Why’s that? He has a mate?”
“No, he’s a Professor.” Just as the word Professor left Kat’s lips, the room fell to silence, and a woman in a flowing black dress walked into the room.
“Hello, students. I am Professor Beth Blackbell. This is my son, Professor Lakyn Blackbell,” she said, and the mysterious blue-eyed stranger reappeared. He was her son? Lakyn’s gaze immediately found Scarlett’s, and she turned away. 
His mother continued. “And my husband is Professor Zachariah Blackbell, who is also your headmaster.” She lovingly touched the arm of her husband who stood beside Professor Lakyn. The older Nephilim’s beard was greying and his eyes matched. Zachariah Stepped forward and took over from his wife.
“Thank you, Beth. As first year recruits, you will learn what it means to be Nephilim in today’s society, and over the next four years, you will learn what it means to be an Angel.”
Kat whispered in Scarlett’s ear, “Amazing speaker.”
“Yeah,” she whispered back.
“Classes will begin tomorrow morning at nine sharp and breakfast begins at eight,” added Beth. “You will be shown to your rooms shortly, and by that time, your bags should have arrived.”
Beth paced back and forward at the front of the room. She looked fierce and wild with her wavy black hair and brown eyes. Scarlett had no doubt that the students were a little afraid of her.
“Lunch will commence at noon, at which time, you will receive your class schedules. Any questions or queries about your class selections should be directed towards me, Professor Lakyn, Headmaster Blackbell, or Estiel at administration. See you at lunch.”

The hallways inside Blackbell were a maze. Scarlett was so glad to be led through them. She would have gotten lost trying to find her room.
“Your bags should have arrived by now,” chimed the maid, Henrietta, in a musical British accent. 
Henrietta’s pace was quick across the hardwood floors. Almost running just to keep up, Scarlett’s boots didn’t grip very well. She was glad for her fast reflexes. Scarlett secretly wondered if Henrietta had the blood of a higher ranking Angel than herself or was she a lower ranked angel. She made a mental note to ask later.
Henrietta finally stopped and Scarlett nearly crashed into the back of her.
“Here we are,” said Henrietta. She took a key out of her pocket—a silver skeleton key on a long black tassel. It was odd in a building like this, Scarlett thought. It must have been renovated. Everything was new or modern except for the doors. Henrietta pushed the key into the lock, twisted and pushed the door inwards. Scarlett followed her inside and stopped short. Before her, in the centre of one wall, was an amazing red velvet curtained four-post bed. The curtains were tied back with gold tassels. Straight ahead was a set of white French doors that led onto a private balcony. Scarlett thought at that moment she must have done something good to deserve this because surely this was not standard living quarters.
Scarlett would have forgotten Henrietta was in the room if it hadn’t been for her tiny musical voice.
“Is something wrong, Miss Scarlett? I hope the room’s okay. Mr Blackbell specifically reserved it for you.”
“Mr Blackbell?” she turned to face her maid.
“Yes, you being a Legacy and all.”
She almost forgot. Of course, being a Legacy meant automatic enrolment in an Academy if your parents or family had previously been students. Her heart sank into her stomach. Being a Legacy also meant backlash, as Legacies were almost untouchable. Legacies received a lot of immunity in the half-yearly exams because they were expected to know The Chronicle back to front and upside down because they were taught most of the topics at home. Nevertheless, Scarlett didn’t want any special privileges. She didn’t want to stick out like a sore thumb.
“Does everyone know that I’m a Legacy?”
“Most of the professors do.”
Great, she prayed that they didn’t single her out in front of everyone so that she wouldn’t become a walking bullseye.
“You better get ready for lunch, Miss. It starts in twenty minutes in the dining hall.”
“Okay. I’ll be down soon.” She waited for Henrietta to leave before opening the French doors and stepping outside.

The sky had clouded over since the last time she had looked at it, and a light mist of rain was falling—but not so much that Scarlett was in danger of getting drenched. As she tipped her face up to inhale the sweet smelling rain, something caught her eye. Something black was fluttering in the wind just above her head. It was stuck in the balcony railing of the room upstairs. She dragged a metal chair over, checked if it were stable enough to hold her, and climbed up onto it. When she was close enough, Scarlett realised that the object was a large black feather. She plucked it out of the railing and turned the feather repeatedly in her fingers. It was like no Nephilim feather she had ever seen, yet it was familiar, and she was unsure why. 
She sauntered back inside the room and closed the doors behind her. She then placed the feather on her nightstand and began to freshen up. She took her perfume out, Heat by Beyoncé, and sprayed a bit here and there. Now she didn’t smell like public transport. She re-tied her crazy hair, which never stayed in place. She pinned onto her black sweater, the brooch all the new students had received—a smaller version of the Blackbell coat of arms.
Leaving her room, she found her way down much easier than the way up. She just had to make her way to the ground floor, three flights down. When she reached the second floor and rounded the corner, she crashed right into one of her professors.
“Whoa. Easy there, you should watch where you’re going.”
“Sorry, sir.” And then she realised it was him, the blue-eyed stranger.
“Please, call me Lakyn. Sir makes me feel so old,” he chuckled.
“Sorry, Professor Lakyn.”
“That’s what my other students call me, but please, I’d prefer it if you call me Lakyn, Scarlett.” He grinned, and it made Scarlett feel uneasy. Was he hitting on her?
“But I’m a student, Professor Lakyn. Now if you will excuse me, I’m going to be late for lunch, someone just struck the gong.”
Three strikes of the gong meant punishments were going to be handed out. At Blackbell, one of the most important rules was never to be late.
“I would hate for you to be punished. I’ll see you in the dining room.” He patted her on the back and retreated up the stairs she had just come down. He seemed different in person than he appeared on TV, but still had the same cocky, over- confident attitude. This was Scarlett’s second run-in with Lakyn Blackbell in one day, and she didn’t want there to be a third. He made her feel uneasy, and she was unsure why.

She entered the dining room, and the wafting smell of food overwhelmed her nostrils. She hadn’t realised she was starving. She made her way along the outside of the room to the front until she found an empty chair. Moreover, she realised too late that all the places up front had name cards on them, and this place was not hers. ‘Dyston Blackbell‘ was scrawled on the card in delicate cursive—another member of the Blackbell family she was yet to meet. She ended up at the Fourth year student table, which were now giving her strange looks. She apologised and quickly fled to the next vacant seat. She finally found her place at the opposite end of the dining hall amongst a table of other First Year students. As she sat down, she wondered if any of them were Legacies like her.
“Hey, Scarlett,” said a voice, snapping Scarlett out of her daze. She was staring at her minestrone soup entrée while thinking about the feather she had found on the balcony. Scarlett looked up at the Nephilim who was talking to her.
“Oh, hey. Sorry, Kat.”
“Scarlett? Named after your hair?” asked a girl with platinum blond hair and emerald green eyes.
“Um, yes.”
“I’m Emerald, named after my eyes, but everyone calls me ‘Emer,’” she said with a giggle. Scarlett had a feeling this girl loved to talk.
“So are you a Legacy? There are rumours that five Legacies are starting this year, and Del and I have been trying to figure out who they are,” stated Emer, speaking in a rush. Emer whispered into another blonde’s ear—that must be Del, Scarlett thought.
“Um, no, I’m not a Legacy,” Scarlett lied. She didn’t want anyone to know who she was, but more importantly, she didn’t want anyone to take advantage of her or being friends with her because of what she was.
“Well, I’m not afraid to say that I am. I’m Thomas,” added the guy with a black buzz cut and dark blue eyes sitting next to Del. He put his hand out for Scarlett to shake, and she took it reluctantly.
“Nice to meet you, Scarlett,” he said. Del linked arms with him.
“I know you are, baby,” Del said with a smile. Thomas and Del’s relationship made Scarlett feel slightly jealous inside. No one had even been remotely interested in Scarlett. Well, except for Professor Lakyn, but that didn’t count.
“Get a room, guys,” said a guy with curly brown hair and lime green eyes that had just joined their table, which was now full.
“Whatever,” replied Del.
Kat glanced over towards the Fourth Year table that an attractive guy with dark brown hair and a masculine jaw had just joined. He sat next to a guy with a perfectly toned body and sandy hair. Kat’s stomach flipped. Scarlett followed Kat’s gaze and leaned closer to Emer who was on her left.
“Who is that?” she asked.
“Oh, they’re Fourth Year boys, Dyston Blackbell and Jacob Fox.” Scarlett couldn’t even remember if she had replied or at least nodded. Her attention was solely trained on the dark-haired guy who was laughing and joking with the blond one until his gaze caught hers. He was looking at her with a gaze so powerful that Scarlett felt as if she was a piece of metal and he was a magnet pulling her towards him. A nudge to her arm broke the magnetic field.
“Earth to Scarlett!” It was Thomas’ voice.
“Huh? What?” she asked, acting silly. Emer giggled.
“We asked if you know what Talent you’re going to explore,” said Kat.
“Um, I’m not sure yet,” she replied and continued to fiddle with her soup.
Chapter Three


Talent

By the time the main course was being served, Scarlett realised that she really didn’t know what Talent she was going to explore. She had done drama classes in high school but hadn’t been the best actor. She had taken ballet and contemporary dance as a child, but she wasn’t really a dancer—fast reflexes didn’t really stop her awkwardness. She could sing, though. Nothing made her happier than when she was singing, but she refused to sing in front of anyone. It wasn’t just because she was shy, but more because something embarrassing always seemed to happen when she did.
After lunch, Scarlett said goodbye to her new friends and headed back to her room. First year students didn’t have a choice of subjects, but at the end of the year, they were allowed to choose two elective classes. They had to choose wisely as those choices would determine what Talent and Trait they would explore in the future.
When Scarlett reached the third floor, she decided to explore a bit. She climbed the stairs to the fourth and final floor and paused. She heard his voice before she saw him. There was a tone to it that sounded familiar, but she couldn’t put her finger on it. He was singing a song she had never heard before. It was the most extraordinarily beautiful melody she had ever heard. His voice was satin-smooth like chocolate or soft animal, and if it were a solid object, she would want to reach out and stroke it.
She inched closer to the door that it was coming from and listened. His voice was pitch perfect and professional. When the singing stopped, the door’s knob rattled and turned and he stepped out. He was wearing a dark grey Henley shirt, blue jeans, and black motorcycle boots. He also smelled of rain and vanilla. Scarlett was too awestruck and speechless to move so he smacked right into her.
“Ooh! I… Uh, I’m so sorry,” she stuttered. He didn’t step away though. Instead, he moved his hands up to grip her upper arms, not hard though, just gentle enough that she could feel it. His touch felt cool even through her sweater. He looked down at her with a smirk. He stood an entire head higher and his gaze penetrated through her for the second time that day.
“That’s okay, Scarlett,” he replied in a voice as smooth as his singing voice.
His hair was dark brown and his eyes were the most amazing chocolate brown she had ever seen, just a touch lighter than his hair, so edible… wait, did he just say her name?
“How, uh… do you know my name?” she stuttered.
“You have a face that’s hard to forget,” he chuckled. He dropped his hands and stepped out of the doorway, locking it behind him. He then stepped around her, so that she was now standing with her back to his door, and he was standing in the middle of the hall.
“Plus,” he was looking at her again with those eyes. Scarlett wished quietly that he wouldn’t, but at the same time that he would never stop.
“Your hair is the colour of Heavenly Fire. It’s also hard to forget.” He turned and began to walk away.
Scarlett had so many questions. Why did she feel like she knew him? How did he know what Heavenly Fire looked like? You can’t see it unless you unlock the ability to. But she didn’t ask him.
“Wait! You know my name, but I don’t know yours,” she called after him. He froze, pivoted on his boot heel, and looked at her with those eyes again.
“Dyston, my name’s Dyston,” he smiled. Then he turned and disappeared down the hallway. Duh, she knew that.
Something stirred inside Scarlett, she felt drawn to Dyston in a magical way, and she couldn’t explain it. She headed back down to the third floor, hoping she and Dyston would cross paths again soon.

Her first class the next day was Dramatic arts. She loved drama, but even though she felt that this wasn’t her calling, she knew that drama helped you with self-confidence and bravery. Scarlett felt brave but not self-confident. As soon as she stepped inside the classroom, which was more like an auditorium, Joshua and Emer called her over.
“Yoo-Hoo, Scarlett!” sang Emer. Scarlett sauntered over and sat next to her. Emer grinned at Joshua, and he smiled weakly back at her. Poor thing. She was in denial, Scarlett thought.
When their Professor walked in, her Mary Jane’s clicking on the stage, the room fell silent.
“Is that her real hair?” whispered Scarlett.
“I think so,” replied Emer. Scarlett couldn’t help but gawk. Their professor’s hair looked like candy-floss, but with more fuchsia.
“Hello, class,” Their professor began when she reached centre stage. The candy floss-haired Professor wore black slacks, a gold sparkly blouse, and a black blazer with a white lapel. “I am Professor Magenta, but everyone calls me Mag.” There was applause. Scarlett wondered if every time she spoke she got applause.
“Today, you will be learning how to be confident with your peers and with yourself. Now for the first exercise, follow me.”
Mag led them into an adjoining room, which was more like a gym. It had a springy floor and punching bags around the perimeter.
“I’m just finishing up, Mag, so don’t mind me,” said a voice Scarlett had heard before. She hadn’t noticed him at first, but using a punching bag in the far right corner of the room was Lakyn.
“Take your time, Professor Lakyn,” said Meg.
“He’s hot!” Emer whispered into Scarlett’s ear.
“Yeah,” was all she could manage. She couldn’t take her eyes off him. She had to admit he did something to her. She shook her head as if to shake away the thought. What was it with those Blackbell boys?
“This is a trust exercise. I want you to pair up.” Mag told the class. Emer immediately grabbed a hold of Joshua’s arm. He looked like he wanted to be somewhere else.
Scarlett glanced around for a potential partner, but her eyes only found Lakyn, who gave her a wink. She quickly averted her gaze and noticed a girl standing by herself doing the same thing as Scarlett. She walked up and introduced herself.
“Hey, I’m Scarlett. Want to be partners?”
“Sure. I’m Diamond, Di for short,” replied the girl. She was petite, a bit shorter than Scarlett, with silvery hair with a hint of mauve. Diamond also had pale greyish-blue eyes. Mixed with the mauve hair, Scarlett thought it was a very pretty combination.
“Can I ask why you were named Diamond?” she asked, as the whole class lined up in two rows facing each other. They were meant to catch their partner to test if one trusted the other.
“Yeah, it’s because I have a tough skin, physically and emotionally. Nothing can hurt me.”
“Nothing? Come on, everyone has their kryptonite.”
“Nope, nothing.” Scarlett didn’t press any further. She had a feeling Di was hiding something from her. Only time would tell, Scarlett thought. They decided to complete the trust exercise in silence.
After each partner had had a turn catching and falling (Emer and Joshua failed because Joshua hadn’t caught Emer in time, which caused her to land on the floor with only her pride hurt), they went back into the Auditorium to finish the lesson.
“Now with the exception of Emerald and Joshua,” began Professor Mag, her gaze steel cold as it bore into the two of them, “everyone completed the task exceptionally. Do we all feel confident with our classmates yet?”
There were numerous students who said yes, while just a few said no, followed by laughing, Scarlett and the rest of her classmates turned to see who it was. Samson Hunt and Willow Johnson sat a few rows behind the rest of the class. They were becoming known as troublemakers already. Earlier, during lunch, they had gotten a penalty each—one for Samson throwing food at Headmaster Blackbell’s head, and Willow had gotten one for turning up to lunch late.
“Samson, Willow, you two are not off to a good start. Do you take anything seriously around here?” asked Mag.
“Of course we do, Professor,” answered Willow with a smirk.
“Consider this a warning. One more strike and another penalty will be added to both your records.”
There was a sudden very loud tolling that made the students jump, but Scarlett knew what it was. It was church bells.
“Okay, that’s the end of class. See you tomorrow, and don’t be late!” As she emphasised on the late part, she spun on her heel and exited stage right. The sound of her Mary Jane’s clicking could still be heard long after she had left the auditorium.
“Well, that was exciting, wasn’t it?” sang Emer as she skipped beside Scarlett. “Even though Joshua dropped me!” She glared back at Joshua who was walking behind them looking down at his feet.
“I’m sure he didn’t mean it.”
“Yeah, ‘cause he was day dreaming. Hey, what class have you got next? I have Aerial Ability, whatever that means.”
“I think its flying. I have Combat Training.”
“Why in the heck would I need flying lessons? I’m not a full angel,” complained Emer.
“I think it’s just to get you comfortable with being in the air. I walked past that room before and I saw people on harnesses bouncing around.”
“Cool! Well, I’ll see you at dinner,” said Emer as she drew back to walk beside Joshua.
Scarlett checked her schedule again for the room number and realised she was in the padded gym room she had previously been in. As she began walking back, her stomach flipped when she realised who her Professor might be.
“Crap,” she cursed to herself. She clenched her jaw, took a deep breath, and stepped back inside the padded room. Sure enough, there he stood in the centre of the room.
“Gather round, First Year. I’m Professor Lakyn, but please, call me Lakyn.” She could hear whispers around the room, girls swooning over their handsome Professor. Scarlett rolled her eyes.
“This afternoon, I will be teaching you the basics of Combat Training. That is, learning how to defend oneself in an attack,” he told the class. Thomas raised his hand.
“Yes? Name?” asked Lakyn
“Thomas. And um, will we be fighting each other?”
“Not fighting, sparing. No hands-on contact allowed. Okay? Any student who breaks that the rule will be given an automatic penalty. I cannot make myself any clearer.”
Then Jacob stepped forward, Scarlett didn’t even notice he was in the room. He wore a close fitted white shirt that made his muscles more pronounced. She caught Kat staring at him.
“Okay, guys, everyone form a line from tallest to shortest along the wall, go!” He clapped his hands to hurry the students up. Scarlett considered herself of average height so she placed herself somewhere in the middle next to Kat, who was still watching Jacob.
Jacob and Lakyn walked along the line and swapped students who were taller or shorter than the person next to them. Jacob reached Kat and she froze. He placed a hand on her shoulder and smiled warmly.
“There’s no need to be nervous, Kat,” he told her. Scarlett swore that if she hadn’t been standing right there next to Kat, she would have fainted. Lakyn passed and nodded towards her and Scarlett.
“You two, pair up,” he told them, his eyes pausing on Scarlett the longest.
“Now that everyone has their sparring partners, Jacob here is going to run you through the basics. Even though he is only a Fourth Year student, he is the best we have, apart from my father and I,” explained Lakyn.
“Thank you, Lakyn,” said Jacob. “Okay, everyone face his or her partner. I will be walking around and giving each of you a weapon. Do not use these on your partner. I am going to show you how to hold them so that they feel comfortable in your hands. An Angel’s weapon is a part of him or her.”
Lakyn walked to the edge of the room and paused by a large wooden box, almost as big as an adult coffin. Jacob joined him and together, they lifted the box with ease into the centre of the room and opened the lid. Inside were many gold and silver bows and a few swords that, from what Scarlett remembered from The Chronicle, were Archangel blades, and they were a very powerful weapon. There was a collection of oohs and aahs from the class as the weapons were brought out and handed around.
“Now, does anyone know the difference between the gold and silver bows?” asked Lakyn. Scarlett knew, but she didn’t want to seem like a no-it-all, and worst of all, have anyone suspect she was a Legacy. Thankfully, Kat raised her hand.
“Yes, Katherine?”
“It’s Kat, actually. And the difference between them is that the gold bow can kill an Archangel or Nephilim, but can’t kill a Fallen Angel. And a silver bow can kill a Fallen Angel but can’t kill a Nephilim or an Archangel.”
“Correct, I’m impressed. You must have studied the Chronicle before you enrolled here,” stated Jacob, smiling at her.
“A little, actually. I have a pretty good memory,” she blushed.
“As Kat said, yes the gold bow kills Archangels and Nephilim and the silver kills Fallen Angels, etcetera. But what The Chronicle doesn’t say is that you can only load a special type of arrow into the bow,” Lakyn explained.
“What are they?” asked Thomas. Scarlett could tell just by Thomas’ energy that he couldn’t wait to start practising. The boy was practically bursting out of his skin.
“These.” What Lakyn held in his hand looked like small pieces of gunmetal. He held them up high so that everyone could see. “These might look like normal arrow heads to you, but they are not ordinary. They are what we call Tear Tips, because they have been dipped in the tears of an Archangel.”
Excited chatter and whispering ensued. Scarlett raised her hand and Lakyn locked eyes with her. She repressed the urge to turn away.
“Are they hard to come by, the Archangel tears?” she asked
“Not really, if you know where to source them.”
“Do Archangel’s still exist?” she asked. Lakyn shifted his weight and became restless. Scarlett could tell that she had picked a sore subject.
“That is not something I can tell you,” he told her. He averted his gaze and picked up an Archangel blade. “Everyone, grab a weapon.”

After class, Scarlett decided to do a little research. What Lakyn had said, or not said, had intrigued her. Did Archangels really still exist? And if so, were they anyone she knew?
She headed to the library, which was not hard to find. It was the largest part of Blackbell Academy. Scarlett pushed open the heavy oak doors and was amazed by the sight that confronted her. Everywhere, there were books as far as the eye could see. The room was circular in shape and consisted of three levels, each joined the next by a wooden ladder. But that wasn’t the most amazing part—the centrepiece was a ginormous maple tree. It reached from the floor to the ceiling. Scarlett’s eyes followed the trunk up, and she realised that this was the room that the glass-faceted dome covered, and the ancient maple tree just brushed the underside of it. She was so wonderstruck by the sight of the tree that she hadn’t realised she was no longer alone.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” He spoke warmly into her left ear, causing Scarlett to almost jump out of her skin. She spun around to face the intruder of her private moment, waiting for an attack, which didn’t come. He put his hands over hers and pushed them back down to her sides.
“I don’t mean you harm. I’m sorry I frightened you.”
“I would’ve hit you.”
“I know,” he chuckled
“Don’t ever sneak up on me like that again!”
“I promise.” He smiled and walked over to the second floor’s banister and jumped up, sitting down and dangling his legs over the side. There was little she knew about Dyston, but she was intrigued. She climbed the ladder to the second floor landing and stood behind him. He still smelled of rain and vanilla.
“So… you sing,” she said. It wasn’t a question, but she didn’t know what else to say.
“You heard me,” Dyston laughed. His laugh was as smooth and musical as his voice.
“I didn’t mean to. I was walking past. It was beautiful, by the way, the song,” she told him. He half turned to face her.
“I wrote it, but it’s not that good. It’s not finished.”
“I would love to hear it when it is,” she told him. Her eyes met his, and she immediately forgot why she had come.
“I hear you caused a bit of a stir in my brother’s class today,” he said, breaking the connection. Scarlett turned away, blushing.
“I did?”
“Someone needs to challenge my brother once in a while,” he chuckled.
“What did he say about me?”
“He just said that you were asking about Archangels.”
“Yeah, I was curious. He said the arrow heads are dipped in Archangel’s tears. Why is that such a controversy?”
“It’s not. It’s just something we’re not allowed to discuss with lower class men or students.”
“Why not?” She moved closer to him, her abdomen grazing his leg, he inhaled.
“Because if anyone found out how we get the Tear Tips, there would be a war.”
Chapter Four


Legend 

Scarlett checked her watch, it showed 5.30 p.m. She had half an hour before dinner, just enough time to get information about Archangels. And with Dyston staring at her like she was a specimen under a microscope, the task was very hard indeed.
She climbed the ladder to the third floor landing, where Dyston had pointed out the area in which to find the most likely source of Archangel information.
“How do the professors handle doing this every day? I’ll end up having to shower before dinner,” Scarlett puffed as she climbed.
“They have their ways,” said Dyston, watching her from his post on the second floor banister.
“You know you could get up here and help me. It would make this a heck of a lot faster.”
“Certainly,” he said, reaching down to pull her up. She hesitated before taking his hand.
“How…” Scarlett was confused. She gazed up at him and back to where he had been sitting a few seconds ago, several stories below. All he did was smile, which did crazy things to her stomach.
“All you had to do was ask,” he said, pulling her towards him so that their bodies were touching. A shot of electricity surged up through her body and ignited her. She felt Dyston put his arms around her, and she couldn’t breathe. And then she heard the sizzle.
“What’s going on?” She quickly jumped away from him.
“You were on fire,” he chuckled.
“I what?”
“That’s never happened to you before?”
“Uh… no.” She lied. In fact, it had happened to her before in high school.
“It’s very rare for your Trait to come out now. They usually begin to appear during the Second Year.”
“So… you think this is my Trait?”
“Yes, I do. I could sense it on you when we bumped into each other in the hall earlier.”
“You could sense it?”
“Yeah. There are some things that you’ve yet to learn about becoming a full-fledged Angel. Such as, Angels have more than five senses and have the ability to place dreams into people’s heads.”
Dreams into people’s heads.
Now it all made sense.
“It’s you who’s been giving me the dreams every night,” she gasped.
“Yes.”
“Why me?”
“Look, I can’t tell you now, not here,” he told her in a hushed voice. “After dinner, go straight to your room. I’ll come to you.” He brushed a stray hair away from her face.
“Okay,” she replied. As she began to turn to climb back down the ladder, Dyston’s hand stopped her and pulled her back into an embrace.
“Be careful, Scarlett,” he whispered, and the church bells tolled. They were so loud this time that Scarlett had to cover her ears. They must be closer to the bell tower, she thought, as she gazed up at the glass dome.
“How do you…” She turned to face him again, but he was gone.

That night’s dinner was Chicken Korma, which didn’t help the fact that she was already burning up inside due to her fire Trait and from her encounter with Dyston. As she ate, she scanned the room for him, but he wasn’t seated at his usual table next to Jacob. He wasn’t anywhere to be seen. She then realised that Emer had been trying to talk to her.
“Huh?”
“I said, where have you been? I came by your room earlier to see if you wanted to hang out with Del and me. We were doing each other’s hair,” said Emer, turning her face from side to side as if to show off their work.
“Sorry, I was, um… in the library doing research.”
“Uh, huh, research, got ya,” Del said with a wink.
“I really was.” Scarlett’s cheeks flushed, and she felt like she was blazing up again.
“Aww, she’s blushing,” teased Thomas.
“Leave her alone, guys. If she likes someone, good for her,” Kat said in defence.
“Thanks, Kat.” She smiled at her friend and then looked back down at her Korma. How could they know about her and Dyston? Nothing had happened between them yet—not really.

Scarlett opened her door and stepped in. The room felt cold, and she realised that the French doors were open. As she hurried to shut them, she noticed a figure sitting on her bed. She would have screamed if it hadn’t been for Dyston moving to stand beside her.
“Sorry, I promised I wouldn’t sneak up on you.”
“That’s okay. You just have this silence about you that’s… frightening. You’re like the calm before the storm.”
“Is that how you see me?” he asked, moving in front of her.
“What? Don’t you like that description?”
“No, I like it just fine, I love it in fact.” That was when she noticed he was holding her black feather.
“My feather.”
“No, in fact, it’s my feather.” Before she could reply, he took her hand in his. “Let me show you something.” He led her out into the night air.
“It’s freezing out here, Dyston.”
“Not with your Trait it’s not.” He stood at the railing and faced her. “Breathe in and think heat.”
Scarlett followed his instructions. She breathed in and thought, I’m warm. I’m not cold.
“It’s working.”
“Good. It’s rare for a First Year student to do even that.”
“Why is it so rare?” she asked. Dyston looked around, not that anyone was watching, and stepped closer to her. He placed his hands on her shoulders and met her gaze.
“There’s a legend that an Archangel came to earth and fathered a child,” he told her reluctantly. Her eyes widened.
“A real Archangel?” she gasped. He nodded. “Is it in The Chronicle? Because I don’t remember reading about it.”
“No, it’s not. It happened after The Chronicle was written.”
“How do you know about it then? Since it’s not in The Chronicle.”
“Because it’s my job to find her.”
“Find her?”
“Yes. Listen, it’s very dangerous, no one can know.”
“Know about the Archangel baby?”
“No. Know that you’re the Legend.”

Zachariah Blackbell sat at his expensive oak desk, writing in a ledger with a large white quill. Suddenly, there came a knock at the door.
“Come in,” he said in a deep authoritarian voice. The door opened and his son stepped in.
“Father, we have a situation.”
“What is it, Lakyn?” Zachariah didn’t look up from his writing.
“There’s something… different about our new student, Scarlett Porter.”
“What do you mean, son? I’m not wasting my time with another one of your fantasies.”
“This isn’t a fantasy. What do we know about her?” he asked, putting his hands on his father’s desk. Zachariah sighed. Then he stood up and went to the filing cabinet where all his student files were kept. He pulled out Scarlett’s file and read.
“Scarlett Porter, aged twenty-one. It says that there was a fire that killed her mother shortly after she was born. Her father is unknown.”
“She could be the child of the Archangel,” Lakyn suggested.
“It’s possible, but there isn’t enough proof. Wasn’t Dyston meant to track her down?”
“Maybe he has. He did request that Scarlett’s room be situated directly under his.” Zachariah turned around to look at his son. His eyes widened and narrowed just as quickly.
“That’s still not enough evidence to support this. He is a twenty-five year old Nephilim, after all. Keep an eye on them, and keep me updated.”
“Yes, Father.”

Scarlett stared at him in disbelief.
“No, you must be mistaken. I can’t be the offspring of an Archangel.”
“All the signs are there  -your Trait appearing early… today wasn’t the first time was it?” Dyston asked.
“No,” she admitted. “It first happened when I was fifteen.” She suddenly had a vision of fire, but this fire wasn’t from six years prior. She saw black wings and a baby crying. She met his eyes.
“What just happened?” he asked her, concerned. “Did you remember something?”
“Yeah, but I don’t know if it’s a memory or a dream. There was a fire when I was a baby…”
Dyston tensed and pulled her close, wrapping his arms and wings around her.
“Dyston, what’s wrong?”
“Listen to me. I want you to keep your Trait hidden, for now. There are people out there who would do anything to get their hands on you.”
“Who?”
“I can’t say right now. Just please promise me, don’t stand out, be a part of the crowd.” He took her face in his hands and then stepped back, taking something out of the hem of his jeans. It was glimmering and beautiful silver dagger. It lay balanced across his palms. Scarlett gasped. “I want you to have this,” he told her. “I want you to carry it with you at all times and only use it at precisely the right moment.”
“I promise,” she breathed, and then he kissed her. It was quite unexpected, but she went with it because she didn’t know what else to do. His lips were like ice and hers like fire. They balanced each other perfectly. Whenever she felt as if she were burning up, Dyston’s touch would cool her right back down. She smiled against his lips knowingly. She had just figured out his Trait.

Emer bounced around helplessly in the air.
“I can’t do this.”
“You’ve been here a week and you haven’t even tried, Emerald,” Professor Anna, their instructor for Aerial Ability, told her. She was a short woman with blonde hair, petite but with good muscle development. She was built like a ballerina.
“Why don’t you show her, Joshua? You seemed to pick this up easily on the first lesson.”
“Okay.” Joshua climbed into his harness and the other students hoisted him up into the air. Then he stretched out his arms as if he were flying.
“It’s fun, Emer.”
“It’s scary.” She swallowed back hard as she watched him soar gracefully around the room, coming close to her several times.
“Don’t do that!” she cried out, squeezing her eyes shut.
“Take my hand, Emer. It’s okay.” She opened her eyes slowly.
“Don’t go too fast.”
“I won’t, promise,” he told her, reaching out for her. She reluctantly pushed off the platform she was perched on and grabbed hold of his hands. She screamed and closed her eyes.
“Shh. It’s okay. Open your eyes, Emer.” He held her close to him, his arm wrapped around her waist. Emer opened her eyes one by one.
“Oh, my goodness,” she gasped.
“See, it isn’t so bad,” he told her. But she didn’t reply. She just gripped his hands tighter. When they touched the ground again, Emer let out her breath.
“You were amazing up there,” Joshua told her as he took off his harness next to her.
“Really? I thought I was a screeching banshee.”
“Not quite,” he laughed. And that was when she noticed his eyes.
“Hey, you have green eyes like me,” she smiled.
“Um, yeah,” he replied nervously, looking down at his hands.
“Hey. They’re nice. They’re more lime green though, while mine are em…”
“Emerald,” he finished for her, and they both laughed.
“Hey, do you want to watch a movie with me tonight after dinner?” he asked her, fiddling with his curls.
“Um… will it be just us two?”
“On the date, yes. In the cinema, no.”
“I thought you had a thing for Kat? I saw you watching her. What happened?” she asked.
“Didn’t you know? Kat likes someone else.”
“She what? Okay, I thought she was my friend. And how do you know?”
“It’s just something I’ve come to observe,” he said, as they helped Professor Anna put the equipment away.
“Okay, you have to tell me everything tonight,” she pleaded, as they left class together.

Exactly a week had passed since she had met Dyston, and already Scarlett felt as if fate had brought them together. All the things he had said were swirling around in her brain as she lay in bed, unable to drift into sleep. Her father might be an Archangel, and she had been born in a blaze of Heavenly Fire. Had her mother known? Scarlett looked over at her nightstand and took Dyston’s feather that was sitting there, leaning against her copy of The Chronicle, its golden leather cover so worn that it was almost falling apart. 
She only had to think of him, and he was right there beside her, so silent. She wondered randomly if he was a good warrior.
“Why can’t you sleep?” he asked.
“Just going over everything in my head.”
“I shouldn’t have told you. It’s too much of a burden on you. I’m so sorry.” He reached out to touch her, but she pulled away and sat up.
“What’s wrong?” he asked
“Why do I feel like I know you, before this past week?”
“I sent you the dreams.”
“No. It’s more than that. I feel like we have this connection I can’t explain.”
Dyston rose from the bed and walked over to the balcony. Scarlett followed him.
“Dyston?” She asked. She was almost afraid to touch him, his expression scared her. Then he turned to face her.
“It was my Task to find you,” he said.
“This was before I came here, right? I mean, you’ve been sending me the dreams for years.”
“Five years. I first found you five years ago, when you were sixteen.”
“Now you’re starting to sound like a creepy stalker. How?”
“There were reports of unexplained fires, so my father sent me to investigate.”
Scarlett buried her face in her hands. “The school fire. How did your father find out about that?”
“He had a source there. He marked you down as ‘one to watch,’” he told her.
“So your father knows about me?”
“He doesn’t know what you are, just that you’re connected to the fires.”
“But he’ll figure it out, right?”
“Maybe, if we don’t keep your Trait hidden,” he told her, as a warning. Scarlett went back to her bed and sat down, pulling her legs up under her.
“What are you thinking about?” he asked, watching her.
“I was thinking about…” She turned to face him. His wings weren’t showing, so he looked like a twenty-five year old human. “About why you always smell like rain.” This made him smile.
“It’s my thing, my Trait. I can make it rain anytime I want,” he said, moving to sit beside her.
“That’s better than setting things on fire. Can you show me?”
“Not right now, later. Now I want you to sleep.”
“But my brain is so active at the moment, I just can’t.”
“Would this help?” He leaned close and pressed his lips against hers, then trailed kisses up to her forehead. It immediately cooled her heart and her soul. His kiss had the most amazing calming effect on her that in no time she was asleep.
He couldn’t bear to leave her, not with how sacred she was. He kissed her head one more time and leapt out the French doors, unfurling his wings mid-air.

He didn’t expect to have anyone waiting for him on the Dome as he landed. Lakyn was there, sitting and waiting, looking out over the city.
“You called?” Dyston asked, annoyed.
“Have you found the Legend yet? Rumours are that she’s a Legacy, as well.”
“No. I haven’t,” he lied.
“I have a feeling you’re lying to me, to us.” Lakyn was now on his feet.
“I’m not. I haven’t found her.”
“Are you sure, little brother? Because I know when you lie, your eyes flare up.” His face was now really close to Dyston’s. “Which one is she, hmm?”
“I told you, I don’t know.” Dyston quickly turned away and faced the city.
“I bet it’s your flame-haired girlfriend,” added Lakyn. Dyston spun back around to face his brother.
“You leave Scarlett out of this!” Dyston replied in defence. 
Lakyn chuckled. “How sweet. You’ve fallen for your assignment.”
“Scarlett’s not my assignment,” Dyston growled.
“I don’t want to fight you, little brother, because it will be an easy fight. Plus, Dad won’t agree with spilt blood on his pretty glass dome.”
“You can spill my blood, but you will never spill Scarlett’s!” spat Dyston.
“Whatever. This is the reason you will never be welcome into the Realm of Fire again,” Lakyn replied, as he pushed his enormous wings back and took to the air. “I will find her, Dyston. You can’t keep her locked away forever.” With another flap of his marbled-black and silver wings, he blended in with the night sky.
Chapter Five


Chemistry

After class, Scarlett and Kat walked back towards their dorms.
“So have you got plans for tonight? Maybe with Jacob?” Scarlett teased.
“Shut up, no.”
“Come on, you can’t deny there’s something there. I see the way you two look at each other, you have so much chemistry.”
“He’s practically my teacher. Our teacher,” said Kat.
“He’s more like a substitute,” replied Scarlett.
“Speaking of chemistry—what about you and Dyston? The way you gaze at each other like star-crossed lovers… it’s the most intense thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Nothing really has happened yet,” Scarlett replied awkwardly.
“Really? ‘Cause I saw you in the library earlier. He hugged you.”
“Yeah, he’s kind of intense. I don’t know. I’ve never had a boyfriend before. It’s awkward, yet I feel like I’ve known him my whole life.”
“That’s deep. I say go for it. He doesn’t seem like a lot of other guys.”
“He’s unlike any guy I’ve ever met.” They reached Scarlett’s door and paused. “Go see what Jacob’s doing tonight. Okay?”
“Fine, and you see what Dyston’s doing.”
“Okay, deal.”
“See ya.” When the girls parted ways, Scarlett unlocked her door and stepped inside. Something crinkled underfoot. Scarlett looked down and saw that someone had slipped a note under the door. It was slightly scrunched, but she smoothed it out and read it.
“Can I take you out tonight? If yes, meet me out in front of the Academy at six.–D.” It was written in a beautiful intricate calligraphy. Her stomach did a little flip and butterflies used it as a flying space. Dyston had just asked her out, officially. She cursed to herself. She didn’t have a clue what to wear. Casual, smart-casual, or formal, she didn’t know. Where would he be taking her on a Friday night? She decided she needed advice, and fast. She booted up her laptop and clicked on the messenger icon.
Bing! She already had one instant message.
“What are you doing? I thought you were going to find Dyston?” it read, it was Kat.
“I thought you were going to find Jacob?” Scarlett typed back her counter offensive.
“Yeah,” came a delayed response.
“You’re chicken, aren’t you?”
“No!” she said. But a few seconds later, she added, “Yes.”
“Well… Dyston asked me out!” Smiley face.
“OMG! That’s great! Wait, you’re the one who’s scared now, right?”
“No, well, yes, I don’t know what to wear. I don’t know where he’s taking me.”
“Easy, I always go for smart casual, something sexy yet practical when I’m not sure.”
“Okay, so skinny jeans and vintage blouse?”
“Sounds perfect.”
“Oh, and what shoes?”
“Those kick-arse boots you were wearing yesterday. I love them,” said Kat. She added a heart and smiley face emoticon.
“Thanks, Kat. How do you know so much about dating?”
“I have two brothers. Plus, I’ve been on a few dates before.”
“So you should be confident enough to woo Jacob?” Scarlett asked.
“LOL. Who says woo anymore?”
“Sorry, bookworm here.”
“Anyway, give me all the deets later. Have fun.” Kat added another smiley face and then signed out.
“See ya.” And Scarlett was left alone to ponder her clothing options.

At precisely 5.55 p.m., Scarlett opened the front door of the Academy and stepped out into the cool twilight air. She was glad that she had worn her military coat. She hugged it tight around her body. No one was around except commuters leaving work and families and couples going out for a Friday night dinner across the street. Where was Dyston? Was he running late or had he changed his mind? She glanced at her watch. She still had four minutes, so she sat down on the steps and waited. Approximately two minutes later, the door opened behind her and out he stepped. She turned and took him in—he was entirely dressed in black with black boots, black skinny jeans, a long black coat, and black and white-striped scarf, which brought out his dark hair and eyes. Scarlett realised she had forgotten to breathe.
“Sorry, I hope you haven’t been waiting long,” he said, giving her a smile.
“No, it’s okay. I barely got here myself,” she said. She couldn’t take her gaze away from his face.
“Part of me thought you weren’t going to come,” he said.
“Why would you think that?”
“I don’t know. But I’m glad you are here. Are you ready?”
“Yep.” He began walking down the steps and paused on the one below her. Turning, he held out his hand, and she took it with no hesitation.
“So where are you taking me?” she asked as they strolled down Flinders Street.
“I thought we would go to dinner first, and then I want to take you to one of my favourite places.”
“Sounds good.” They turned left onto Exhibition Street, past Collins Street, and then right onto Bourke Street.
“Why aren’t we flying?” she asked out of curiosity.
“I like to experience the city on foot as well as by air. Plus, it wouldn’t nearly be as fun since you don’t have your wings yet.”
“You could carry me,” she suggested, flashing him a grin.
“You better not have just given me permission.” He laughed. “You’ll get too reliant on me. And when you do eventually get your wings, you won’t know how to use them,” he joked.
“Ha, ha!” She playfully shoved him, but he shoved her back harder causing her to lose her balance. She would have gone over if it weren’t for both of their fast reflexes. She managed to stop herself and he grabbed her arm at the same time. When she met his eyes, the world seemed to slow down around them.
“Sorry,” he whispered.
“It’s okay,” she managed to say.
“It seems like I don’t know my own strength sometimes,” he muttered as they paused outside an Italian restaurant.
“Oh, Pellegrini’s, I’ve always wanted to eat here,” Scarlett stated.
“Good. Because this is one of my favourite restaurants.”
“It must be good then.”
“Extremely.” Dyston pushed the door open and the scent of pasta overwhelmed her senses. It was crowded, but Dyston managed to find two bar stools along the front counter that looked over into the kitchen. The restaurant was narrow and decked out in a retro design, black and white linoleum covered the floor, and red and chrome bar stools ran along the counter. And the back wall was actually a mirror to give the effect of a larger establishment. It was also covered in artefacts and memorabilia from Italy. Just as Scarlett had just read on the menu, the restaurant was family owned and served traditional home-style Italian cuisine.
“I recommend the Spaghetti Bolognese. It’s fantastic,” Dyston told her.
“Okay, I’ll have that, and a Merlot.” Dyston nodded and ordered for the both of them, in Italian nonetheless. Scarlett was dumbfounded.
After they had eaten their fill, Dyston paid the bill and they left, continuing down Bourke Street.
“So where’s this favourite place of yours, Apart from Pellegrini’s, that is?”
“You’ll have to wait and see.” He paused on the footpath and looked back up the street and then up into the sky.
“What are you doing?”
“Do you want to fly?” he asked. She could hardly refuse.
“Yes, I’d love to fly.” She smiled. Dyston walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.
“Are you sure?” he asked in a low voice right into her ear. His breath was warm and it sounded like he was purring, which made her shiver.
“Yes,” she whispered.
“Okay.” Then in two swift movements he let out his wings and pushed up into the starry night sky.

Jacob opened his door just as Kat had raised her fist to knock.
“Oh, hi,” she said as the door opened.
“Hi.” He smiled back.
“Um, what are you up to?” she asked.
“I just ordered a pizza, but I was heading to the student common room, if you want to join me.”
“There’s a student common room?” asked Kat. Jacob grinned.
“There’s several, actually. One for each year, but you can come in ours. Everyone’s out, so we’ll mostly have it to ourselves.”
“Sounds cool.”
“So, how are you?” he asked when he had locked his door.
“I’m fine, a bit bored since Scarlett, Emer, and Del have all gone out on dates tonight.”
“So, that’s why Dyston didn’t want to hang out.”
“You guys are pretty close, right?” she asked as they walked up the stairs.
“Yeah. We’ve known each other since we were five. Our families are friends. What about you?”
“I’ve never really had a best friend like that, until now. I’ve grown up with my two brothers.”
“You must be good at combat then?”
“I guess I’m okay. Why?” She met his eyes. They were the colour of molten caramel, and Kat couldn’t take her eyes away from them.
“I’ll have to fight you eventually,” he said, and they smiled at each other for a moment, until Jacob pushed open the door in front of them, and she realised that they were there—the Fourth Year Common room.
“Hey, Fox,” said a guy who was bent over his laptop in the corner. He had dirty blonde hair and wore bright blue glasses and had a fringe that hung over half of his face.
“Hey, Eddie, what’s new?” asked Jacob.
“Just updating my blog. Nothin’ much.”
“Just a typical Friday night, huh?”
“Pretty much. Anyway, I have to go. I’ll leave ya to it.” As Eddie left, his eyes seemed to run over Kat’s body. He gave her a wink, and then pushed through the door.
“He’s… creepy,” she said after he was gone.
“Yeah, he’s a little weird, but he’s good with computers, so any time there’s a problem, a crash, or virus, people ask him to help.”
“I guess that’s handy, but he still gives me the creeps,” she said. Jacob chuckled.
“Don’t worry, he’s harmless.”
“If you say so.” Kat took in her surroundings. There was a fireplace in the centre of the wall made of white marble, and comfy looking couches were placed haphazardly around the room. To the left of the room there was a kitchenette and a well-stocked bar, and to the left of that stood a pool table and jukebox.
“This is awesome,” she said as she took it all in. “I don’t know why I haven’t heard about this yet.”
“It’s probably because most First Years don’t know yet.” He came up beside her and offered her something. When she looked down, she noticed it was a glass of red wine.
“Oh, thanks. I love red wine.” She inhaled and took a sip. “Mm, Cabernet Sauvignon,” she said. Jacob looked surprised.
“You know your wines.” 
“I’m the daughter of wine makers, so I should.” Then they shared a smile and both sipped their wines.

Scarlett inhaled sharply.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes. This is amazing, Dyston.”
“If you’re cold, remember to use your Trait.”
“Oh, yes. But I’m fine, really.”
“Good. We’re almost there.” They flew out over the railway line towards the bright lights of Etihad Stadium.
“Here we are,” he said finally.
“We’re going to a football game?”
“Yeah, hope you don’t mind?”
“No, I’ve never been before.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, you’re going to love it. After this, you’ll be addicted,” he told her. Scarlett held her breath as Dyston flew over the lights and into the mouth of the open roof. Her stomach leaped into her throat as he dipped down and glided around a full revolution of the stadium before setting her down in the grandstand.
“Our seats are this way,” he said. Dyston led her through some doors, and warm air and food smells immediately struck her.
“Do you want another wine?” he asked.
“Sure.” Her voice came out croaky. It must be the cold air, she thought. She had to clear her throat. Dyston grabbed their drinks and led her back outside to their seats.
“So, is this Angel Ball?” she asked when they had taken their seats.
“Yeah. Have you ever seen a game?”
“Maybe once or twice on TV. My Grandfather watched it.”
“Do you need me to explain the rules?”
“Yes, please.”
“Okay, so the rules are pretty similar to AFL, except players are allowed to use their wings, so most of the game is played in the air. The two big goal posts in the middle at each end are worth six points, whereas the two on the outside are worth one,” he explained, pointing to the four poles situated at each end of the stadium.
“So, every seat in the stadium would be a good seat right?”
“Right.” 
Scarlett took it all in. A few of the players were already on the field. A guy wearing a red and white striped jersey let out his brilliant white wings and leaped into the air, kicking the ball through the colossal goal posts, which were as high as the stadium roof.
“Wow!” she exclaimed.
“Pretty amazing, huh?”
“Yeah. So which one’s your team?” she asked.
“Isn’t it obvious?” He smirked, wrapping his black and white scarf tighter around his neck. She smiled back at him. He put his arm around her and she leaned into him just as the siren sounded.

“I hope you don’t mind, I got one with everything,” Jacob said as he placed the pizza box on the coffee table near the fireplace.
“No that’s fine, I like everything.” Kat joined him, wine glass in hand.
“So what’s your Trait?” Kat asked, in between bites of pizza.
“I’m not going to tell you that,” he teased, taking another sip of wine.
“Oh, come on! I’ll tell you what I think mine is.”
“Go on,” he said, relaxing back into his chair, waiting for her to talk.
“No, it doesn’t work like that, Jacob.” She leaned closer. “I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”
“Oh, it’s like that, is it?” he chuckled and then sighed. “Fine.” He took the glove off his right hand and touched his wine glass. It frosted up and then began to turn gold.
 Kat gasped. “You have the Midas touch.”
“Yeah, it’s a worthless Trait if you ask me, unless you want to be greedy and rich.”
“It’s not worthless,” she whispered. And then she leaned forward and pressed her lips against his. Immediately, she felt his lips begin to harden, it was a strange sensation. Her lips began to crack and a moment later, they were fine again. Jacob pulled away and looked at her in shock.
“What? What happened?” she asked. He was staring at her like she had something on her face.
“Your lips, they… I shouldn’t have kissed you.” He stood up and turned away from her.
“Jacob,” she stood up too and put a hand on his shoulder, “tell me what happened.”
He sighed and turned around to face her. “When our lips touched I turned yours to gold. But then the weirdest thing happened.”
“What?”
“Instead of staying gold, they turned to stone. I guess you could say it was kind of like a defence mechanism.”
“Stone?”
“Yeah.” He put his glove back on and pushed the hair away from her face, and she forgot to breathe. “Kat,” he whispered, “I believe that is your Trait.”

When Dyston flew them back to the Academy, he didn’t go through the front door. Instead, he landed on his own balcony. Scarlett realised this too late.
“This isn’t my room,” she said before he put her down.
“I know, it’s my room.” He pushed open the French doors and stepped inside the billowing white curtains. Scarlett had no choice but to follow him. Once inside, she glanced around and took it all in. His room was in pretty much the same layout as hers save for the baby grand piano in the corner. His bed was dark mahogany draped in white curtains instead of the red she had on hers. His quilt was white velvet and lace, and Scarlett thought that it looked like clouds. She felt a sudden urge to jump into it, but she restrained herself. Her gaze found Dyston sitting at the piano. She realised he’d been playing a melody that she recognised.
“What is that?” she asked, taking a seat beside him.
“Just a melody I haven’t been able to stop playing,” he said.
“I’ve heard it before.”
“I was playing it before we bumped into each other in the hall that day.”
“Maybe that’s where I’ve heard it,” she said, watching his nimble fingers dance over the sleek black and white keys. “Is this the one you wrote?”
“Yeah. It’s not finished. I still don’t know how to end it,” he said.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, I heard it once in a dream and haven’t been able to stop playing it since, but I can never make it to the end. It’s as if the end keeps slipping from my grasp.” He sighed, paused, and started playing the beginning of the melody again. “I’ll catch it one day.”
“Does it have a name?”
“No, but it reminds me of you for some reason, so I’ve been calling it Flame.” Their eyes met while he continued to play, not missing a note. Scarlett smiled and slid closer to him so that her shoulder was touching his arm. She leaned against him. She didn’t know why, but the song felt like an omen. She pushed the thought away and relaxed to the sound of her melody.
Chapter Six


Strength

“The art of fighting is second nature to us,” preached Lakyn as he walked around the Combat Training room. The sound of wood against wood was deafening as the students blocked and parried their opponents with two-metre long sticks.
“Very good, Kat, Scarlett. Have you two done this before?” he joked.
“No, sir,” replied Kat, blocking a swing from Scarlett, who had spun to put more force into it. 
Jacob walked into the room and stood at the edge of the mat with his arms crossed.
“Now, a change of scenery for you two. Kat I want you to take on Jacob here,” he suggested. Kat met Jacob’s eyes with concern. “And then after, Scarlett will have the honour of fighting me,” he told them, meeting Scarlett’s eyes. Did she just see his irises change? She forced herself to swallow. She would not let Lakyn scare her. She promised Dyston that she would hide who she really was, and hide she would.
Kat matched Jacob’s blocks and parries easily. It was as if they were in sync with each other. They danced around the mat gracefully.
“Come on, this is boring. Jacob, don’t go soft on her. She’s Katherine the brave, Katherine the strong,” stated Lakyn, as he circled them. Finally, Jacob spun and somehow got his stick behind Kat and pulled her towards him until there was no space between their bodies. Their faces were mere centimetres apart. She thought Jacob was moving in to kiss Kat, but at the last minute, he spun her and moved his stick underneath her throat.
“Very well done, Jacob.” He applauded. “This, class, is why he is our best fighter.”
Jacob released Kat, but not before whispering, “Sorry,” into her ear.
Scarlett knew what was coming. She silently wished she could send a message to Dyston. Then she remembered that she could. She closed her eyes and prayed, hoping that it would work. It was the same way he could put images in her head. If she were really the offspring of an Archangel, she would be able to, as well.
“Dyston, Lakyn’s making me fight him. Please come. He’s going to try and expose me.”
Before she could even finish, Dyston had entered the room. She met his eyes, and he gave her a reassuring nod.
“Ah, perfect timing, baby brother,” said Lakyn, grinning like a Cheshire cat. “Come to watch your girlfriend lose?” he teased. Scarlett cringed. What else was he going to try to expose?
“Not likely,” replied Dyston. “I’ve come to watch her beat your sorry arse,” he teased. There was a collection of oohs around the room.
Lakyn laughed.
“Well, you’ll soon be disappointed,” he said as he picked up a stick. Scarlett picked up hers and stood on guard. In one second flat, Lakyn was across the room and right beside her. His stick crashed against hers, making an ear splitting sound. Scarlett praised her fast reflexes and blocked it. She spun around and hit him square in the chest, winding him.
“Woo, go, Scarlett!” cheered Kat and Thomas. And then she heard Dyston’s voice in her head.
“He has a weak spot, right at the back of his neck. He was burned. Hit him there.” Scarlett almost dropped her stick. She wasn’t expecting him in her head.
“Don’t lose focus. He’ll come at you from the right. Anticipate him,” he told her. She wanted to look at him, but she resisted. He was right though. Lakyn swung at her from the right, but Scarlett spun right too, meeting him. She could almost see defeat in his eyes.
“Very clever, Miss Porter. Has Dyston been training you?” he asked, eyeing his brother.
“Yes, he’s an excellent teacher. I understand him better than I do you,” she told him. His irises flared, and there it was, she saw it—the green monster. It appeared and she noticed it. She swung her stick around above her head like a helicopter and brought it down behind his neck, pressing it into the damaged skin. He cried out and dropped heavily onto the mat. The class erupted with cheers and applause as she turned to face Dyston. He smiled and clapped as well. She wanted to run towards him and throw her arms around his neck, but she withheld.
Lakyn rose from the ground. He was fuming. Dyston sensed the rage and immediately, moved in front of Scarlett to block her.
“Lakyn, control yourself. Not here,” Dyston told him, his voice steady and calm. Lakyn strolled towards them.
“You,” he stood a few centimetres from Dyston and Scarlett, “watch yourself,” he said and stormed out of the room. Scarlett didn’t know if it was directed towards Dyston or herself. Dyston looked at Scarlett and then at the class, who were standing watching with their jaws on the floor.
“Class dismissed,” he told them. 

“It’s so dark, I can’t see, Josh. Argh!” Emer screamed as something brushed her arm. She grabbed onto Joshua.
“It’s okay. It was just me,” he told her.
“Are we there yet?”
“Almost,” he told her. And then he felt her fingers slide through his. He grinned to himself, knowing that she couldn’t see him in the dark.
“Can you give me a hint?”
“Nope. Just wait a little longer,” he teased.
“Fine. Oh, it’s cold in here and my voice echoes…” She was suddenly surprised as the room was illuminated. She blinked to adjust her eyes, looking around.
“We’re in the kitchen?”
“Yep,” he said, smiling at her.
“What are we doing in the kitchen? We’re not allowed in here.”
“I wanted to make you,” he walked over to the pantry and opened it, taking out a few items, “my special hot chocolate,” he told her, grinning. She giggled.
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
“No, I just thought, well, a boy like you…”
“A boy like me, what? Can’t make hot chocolate?”
“Well, yeah,” said Emer as she leaned against the kitchen counter.
“Prepare to eat your words, Emerald Rose,” he told her, turning around to make it. Emer was intrigued. 
“You know my last name? I hadn’t told you yet.” She didn’t want to spoil the surprise but at the same time she wanted to be close to him while he did it. She didn’t want to admit it to herself, but she was beginning to fall for him.
“Yes. And you don’t have to stand so far away Emer, I don’t bite,” he said, glancing over his shoulder. Emer walked towards him, coming to stand behind him. She then leaped up onto the counter. Joshua’s heart jumped, but he tried not to appear nervous, which he had to admit was incredibly hard. Emer always made him nervous.
“How do you know my last name, Mr Know-it-all?”
“I saw it on your books,” he replied sheepishly.
“You put chilli in it?” she asked, changing the subject.
“You sound surprised. Haven’t you ever had chilli hot chocolate before?”
“No, is it good?”
“You haven’t lived until you’ve tried chilli hot chocolate,” he told her, his green eyes meeting hers.
“Is it ready?” she asked after a moment of staring at him.
“Oh, yes, sorry,” he replied awkwardly and he passed her a mug. Their fingers grazed. Then a strange thing happened—a picture clouded her view, and all she saw was smoke and fire, and she heard screams. 
A dark figure with black wings watched from a rooftop a few kilometres away. 
Then the scene changed, and she saw Scarlett jogging. She had her iPod headphones in, and she didn’t seem to have a care in the world. That was until a shadow swooped down and consumed her. The next thing Emer noticed was Joshua’s eyes, and she almost dropped her mug. Hot, chocolaty liquid spilled onto her wrist. Joshua caught the mug just in time.
“Emer? Are you ok? What happened?”
“I… I… don’t know,” she stammered. Joshua got a tea towel from a drawer and wet it. Then he dabbed it on her scalded wrist. Emer winced.
“Sorry. Want to tell me what happened? You had this expression on your face that I can’t explain.”
“When I touched your hand… burning… it was burning… and people were screaming. And oh, my goodness, Scarlett!” she cried.
“What about Scarlett?” he asked, her knees resting on either side of his hips. He dabbed her wrist with one hand and wiped her tears with the other. She hiccupped and looked into his eyes.
“Josh, I think Scarlett’s in trouble.”
“We’ll go find Dyston and tell him, okay? But right now I want to make sure you haven’t burnt yourself bad.”
“It hurts, but it’ll be fine. Thanks, Josh.”
“Are you sure?” he asked. But she didn’t answer him. Instead, she leaned forward and kissed him. Joshua forgot all about the burn and dropped the tea towel on the floor, pulling Emer into him. She wrapped her arms around his neck. And then she pulled back.
“I have to go,” she told him, pushing away, and jumping off the counter.
“Emer…” he called. But it was too late. He was now alone in the kitchen.

Lakyn stormed into his father’s office unannounced.
“Lakyn, do you ever knock?” complained Zachariah.
“It’s her,” he growled.
“Who?”
“The Legend. He’s hiding her.”
“Who’s hiding her, Lakyn?”
“Who else? Your delinquent son. The one who will never be allowed into the Realm of Fire again.”
“Dyston found the Legend? Where is she?”
“At this very moment, probably in his deceiving arms.” 
Zachariah sighed and rose from his desk, rounding it and coming to stand beside his eldest son.
“I somehow knew this would happen. Your brother is unable to finish any task assigned to him. Instead, he spoils them.”
“What should we do, Father?” Lakyn asked. Zachariah put his hand on his son’s shoulder and looked him in the eye.
“Teach him a lesson.”

Scarlett rested on the bottom of the pool, her breath steady, eyes closed. She heard a sound and opened her eyes. Someone was swimming towards her, getting closer and closer. She turned, pushing herself away, but she wasn’t getting anywhere. Her hands slipped and the shadow grew closer. Her body felt like iron. And then it grabbed her, and her blue world turned black.
Scarlett sat up straight in bed sweating, trying to catch her breath. She felt a hand on her shoulder and screamed.
“Shh. It’s me. It’s just me,” Dyston told her calmly. “What happened?”
“I had a dream where I was drowning and someone was after me. They… I couldn’t move.”
“It was just a dream,” he told her, taking her hand in his and rubbing his thumb across the back of it in circles. 
“But what if it’s not just a dream anymore, Dyston? What if someone really is after me? I mean, those visions you sent me, they turned out real, didn’t they? Well, mostly real,” she told him, turning to face him.
“Then we’ll just have to be strong, won’t we?” He stroked her hair. “I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
“Dyston?” she asked against his stroking. “Stop touching me for a moment and tell me something?”
“Anything,” he whispered.
“I think we’re moving too fast. I mean, I hardly know you.”
“You know me more than you realise,” he told her, leaning in to kiss her, but she placed a finger on his lips.
“No. Stop,” she told him, sitting up. “How do I know you? Stop using your angel magic against me.”
“I’m not. I swear,” he chuckled. 
She raised her eyebrow. “You didn’t answer my question.”
Dyston sighed and sat up, too. “You know me, because I’ve been watching you every day since I received my assignment.”
“So, what? You’re like my guardian angel stalker or something?”
“Something like that,” he told her, grinning. She moved closer.
“Why are your wings black? I thought an angel’s wings only turned black when they did something really unforgivable. What did you do?” she asked.
His words came as a whisper. “Kept you a secret.”

Lakyn stood on the platform that looked over the production line where his employees were hard at work, packing boxes like robots.
“Are they packing the new formula?” asked David, coming up behind him. David was his Head of Production.
“Yes, the first shipment goes out tomorrow. Want to see the results?” Lakyn asked. He led David into his office at the back of the platform and switched on a monitor.
“These are our test subjects. Ordinary, working-class Nephilim who thought they were participating in ‘ordinary’ Market Research. This is anything but,” Lakyn said with a smirk.
“What’s he doing?” asked David, looking at a man on the left of screen.
“This is test subject number two-zero-one. He has been on the new formula for one week now and has already begun to follow every command we give him. Watch this.” Lakyn pressed a button on the keypad on the desk and picked up a microphone.
“Who are you?” he asked the test subject.
“I am Simon, and Lucifer is my master.”
“Very good,” he told Simon, taking his finger off the button.
“What’s going on? How’d you do that?” asked David.
“How? Why don’t you join me and find out for yourself.”
“Just tell me what you gave him, Lake?”
“I gave him a powerful drug that attracts demons to his body. He is now a vessel.”
“That is brilliant, but what is the purpose of all this?” asked David, gesturing to the monitors, to the test subjects, and the employees packing boxes of cigarettes.
“This? It’s for the greater good,” smiled Lakyn, holding out a pack towards David. “Will you join me? We need strength in numbers.”
David met his eyes and took one.
Chapter Seven


Trait

Scarlett was a little angry with Dyston for moving her up to a Third Year Traits 101 class. In Third Year, most of the students had already refined their Traits, while Scarlett’s were just appearing. Wasn’t she supposed to be hiding her trait? She strolled into the classroom, not knowing what to expect. She didn’t even know who her Professor was going to be. She sat down at a desk towards the back, and immediately, began hearing whispers.
“Isn’t she First Year?” said one girl.
“Yeah, I heard she’s just here ‘cause her boyfriend thinks she’s special,” said another, snickering.
Scarlett tried to tune them out, but she remembered what her grandmother had told her about bullies: Anyone who doesn’t like something that you do is just jealous. She wondered if her grandmother knew the truth of her fate. Scarlett looked up as the sound of two pairs of footsteps entering the room could be heard. It was Beth Blackbell and someone more familiar, Dyston.
“What are you doing here?” she mouthed to him. Then her pocket vibrated and she reached in to pull out her iPhone.
“I always co-teach this class with my Mother,” he texted. She looked up at him and he smiled. Then he turned to switch on the computer and projector.
“Good morning, class,” said Beth as her eyes found Scarlett’s. She smiled. “Welcome Scarlett.” Scarlett smiled back.
“The origin of Angel Traits began when the first Nephilim was created. About the time Jesus was born, around two thousand years ago. The angels knew that when Angel blood was combined with human blood, it created a magnificent chemical reaction in the body resulting in Angel Traits.” She was an amazing speaker, Scarlett thought. She was in awe of Dyston’s mother, probably in the same way Scarlett was in awe of him.
“Now, that was a refresher for Miss Porter. Scarlett, I’m going to ask that you catch up on the History of Traits in your spare time. Now, we are going to move on to the chapter entitled Exploring Your Traits. Dyston?” She glanced over at her son. He got up from behind the teacher’s desk, walked around and sat on the front of it, facing the class. She loved watching Dyston. Then she noticed the two girls in front of her. They were leaning in to whisper to each other and giggling. She knew they were talking about Dyston, and that they thought he was hot. She wanted to yell at them, Hands off my man! But she knew it wouldn’t be appropriate. And she didn’t technically own him. He’d only been visiting her in her dreams for the past six years or so. Instead, she just bit her tongue and listened to him speak.
“As you know, there is not just one type of Trait. It all depends upon your lineage, personality, and how high up the Angel was from whom you descended. So, each of your Traits will be different.”
“Is it rare for someone to have more than one Trait?” Scarlett couldn’t help but ask. His gaze met hers, and a small smirk twitched upon his lips.
“Normally, a Nephilim only develops one Trait, but in exceptional circumstances, more can develop,” he said. He trained his gaze on her. It almost burned a hole into her soul. And then she felt herself starting to burn.

Emer sat down next to Kat in the library.
“Kat, I need to talk to you,” she said impatiently. The other students in the library quickly shushed her.
“Not here, though,” she continued, but quieter.
“Okay,” replied Kat. She picked up her books, and the girls walked into a nearby classroom, closing the door behind them.
“What’s wrong?” Kat asked when they were inside.
“Okay, well, I kissed Joshua.”
“Wow, that’s fabulous. Wait, why are you upset?”
“Something bad happened when I did.”
“How bad?”
“I had a vision. About Scarlett.”
“Whoa, slow down. You had a vision?”
“Yeah. It just happened last night. I was going to tell you as soon as I could, but you were with Jacob,” she told her.
Kat’s cheeks immediately flushed. “Sorry,” she replied, a little embarrassed.
“No, it’s fine. You’re allowed to go on a date. How’d it go, by the way?”
“Oh, it was more of a hanging out type of thing, not really a date. So, back to you. You had a vision after you kissed Joshua?”
“No, during.”
“Oh, no. How did he react?”
“He was confused, I think. But I also spilled my hot chocolate that he made me and scalded myself. So he was a little preoccupied with that.”
“Do you think Joshua caused the vision?”
“That’s what I’m afraid of, Kat. What if he planted it in my head?” She was almost crying again. “What if he’s a Lucifite?”

Dyston was by Scarlett’s side in seconds. He immediately put out the flames with his hands.
“Sorry,” she whispered.
“Don’t apologise. There. It’s out,” he told her, smoothing out her hair, as well. Scarlett loved the feel of his touch, but was confused as to why her flames didn’t burn him. Maybe it was because he was the opposite, the ice to her fire. His touch made her ignite in more than just the physical sense, and she couldn’t handle it, couldn’t risk it. Dyston was already too close. She had to put some distance between them. Even though she didn’t want to, it would be for the greater good.
“No, wait. I shouldn’t be the one apologising, you should. This happens every time you’re around,” she shouted, pushing him away. Everyone was gawking at them, including his Mother, but she didn’t care.
“Scarlett…”
“No, don’t Scarlett me. Stay away from me. Ever since you found out what I am, you haven’t left me alone,” she yelled. She then turned and stormed out of the room, leaving him standing there speechless.

Kat literally dragged Emer through the library.
“Kat, what are you doing?”
“I want you to kiss him again.”
“No! I can’t.”
“Yes, you can. You have to see if he really did give you that vision. ‘Cause I don’t believe Joshua is evil.”
“No, please Kat. I’m avoiding him.”
“No, you’re not,” she told her. They found Joshua on the second floor of the library reading a graphic novel. He glanced up when he heard them.
“Emer, Kat…”
“Emer needs to talk to you,” Kat told him, pushing Emer forward.
“Kat…” Emer complained.
“I’ll leave you to it.” She grinned and left them alone. Emer stood there awkwardly.
 Joshua swallowed.
“You ran away last night. Didn’t you like kissing me?” he asked her, putting his graphic novel down and standing up. Emer didn’t speak. She just stared at her shoes.
“I take that as a no, then.” He turned to leave. “I’m sorry.”
“No wait, Josh…” she called. He turned back to face her.
“I did like kissing you. It’s just…”
“Just what? That I’m a bad kisser? I had bad breath? What?”
“None of the above. Look, Josh, you were an amazing kisser. It’s just that something happened when I kissed you.”
“Oh, like what?”
“I had a vision, like a nightmare, but I was awake,” she told him.
Joshua exhaled. “A vision? Of what?”
“Scarlett running. And then something grabbed her, something like a shadow…”
“And you think that I gave it to you?” Joshua said and was a bit defensive.
“Well…”
“I didn’t, okay? Why would I give you a vision of one of my own friends being kidnapped?”
“Okay, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to accuse you. I just wasn’t sure what to make of it.”
“Anyway, I don’t even have that ability yet. Only some Fourth Year students and Professors can do that kind of thing,” he told her.
“Then who would send it to me?”
“What if no one sent it to you? What if you had it all on your own?” he suggested. 
Emer gasped. “You think that’s my Trait?”
“Maybe. It’s possible,” he told her.
And she smiled at him, stepping closer. “Hey, I’m sorry I ran out on you. I really was enjoying our date. You know, until…”
“Would you like to start over?” he asked.
“No,” she told him. And he was confused until she stepped even closer to him. Holding his hands in hers, she said, “I’d like to continue where we left off.” And then she kissed him. And this time there was no vision, so she wrapped him in her arms tighter, and they didn’t come up for air.

Scarlett stormed back into her room angry and upset. She realised she had to do what she did, but the whole situation frustrated her. She wanted to be with Dyston, but she couldn’t if he kept touching her like that, risking exposure. She needed to be alone. She threw her exercise gear on, grabbed her headphones, and ran out the door.
Her feet made a steady beat on the cobblestones as she jogged. She ran down all the small alleyways that surrounded the Academy, admiring the art and expelling her frustrations about Dyston and everything. She jumped down the stairs that led to the path that ran alongside the Yarra River. She headed left, jogging beside the chocolate-coloured river water. She ran until she could run no more until her leg muscles screamed in pain, and her lungs protested that they needed more air. She stopped in another alleyway, this one dark, the surrounding buildings cutting off the sun’s rays. She inhaled and exhaled trying to catch her breath until she felt a presence near her. She spun around and looked up but couldn’t see anything. Then she heard what sounded like the flap of wings above her head. The last thing Scarlett realised before everything went dark was that the shadow had no face.

After class, Dyston made his way towards the dorms. Instead of climbing the last set of stairs towards the fourth floor, something told him to continue down the third floor hallway towards Scarlett’s room. When he got there, he found her door slightly ajar. He pushed it open.
“Scarlett?” he called. When he didn’t hear a reply, he entered and found her room empty, with just her books and clothes scattered all over the bed and the floor. He immediately began to worry. He checked her wardrobe for missing clothes. He had come to know her habits and routines. He knew from watching her over the years that she owned pink Nikes. They were missing. He ran towards the French doors and pulled them open, unfurling his wings and leaping into the dusk sky.

Emer and Joshua walked briskly through the corridors towards the dorms where they knew Dyston would be. 
“What if he’s not there?” Emer asked, panicking.
“He will be. He’s a hermit, remember?” he joked. It was common knowledge that Dyston rarely came out of his room, apart from classes.”
“But Del texted me that he and Scar had a huge fight today in Traits 101 in front of everyone, including Professor Beth.”
“Maybe he’s in Scarlett’s room and they’re making up?” Joshua suggested.
“I don’t think so. It seemed like a pretty epic fight, from what I heard.”
“What was it about?”
“About… and I quote, ‘ever since you found out what I am, you haven’t left me alone.‘”
“What she is?” Josh looked at her confused.
“Yeah, didn’t you know? She’s a Legacy.”
“It must have been something more than that. Lots of people are Legacies, and they’re not unique,” stated Joshua.
“Well, maybe it’s her fire Trait. People also said that she caught on fire, and that Dyston put her out.”
“Emer, did you just say Fire Trait?”
“Yes... why?”
“A Fire Trait is not an ordinary Trait. There’s only one kind of Angel that can develop a Fire Trait,” he told her, pulling her arm as he started to run.
“What type of Angel, Josh? Why are we running?”
They rounded a corner and headed towards the administration buildings where the Professor dormitories were.
“We have to tell someone,” he told her.
“Tell someone what, Josh?”
“That Scarlett’s ‘The Legend,’” he replied. “It’s about time someone knows. 
Emer was just about to speak, but the door had opened ahead of him, and Lakyn had stepped out of it, blocking their path.
Chapter Eight


Darkness

Blackness swirled with grey in front of Scarlett’s eyes, and she didn’t know whether she was alive, dead, or dreaming. She felt softness underneath her and realised It couldn’t be all that bad. Her captors could’ve stashed her somewhere dark, musty, and uncomfortable. She flexed her fingers one by one to see if she had the freedom to move. She could. She tried to lift her arms, but felt resistance at her wrists. Something was binding them, and her ankles, too. She was stuck. Then she heard voices. They were coming closer. She squirmed in her bindings until a hand touched her arm. It was deathly cold.
“Easy, don’t struggle,” the voice that belonged to the hand said. “Nothing you can do will free you of the bindings. They are made of Hell-Metal and are designed to withstand Heavenly Fire.”
“Who are you?” she asked. Her voice came out as a hoarse whisper. Her blindfold was removed, and suddenly, she could see. She had been laid in a bare white room and a hooded figure stood above her.
“I am Abel. I’m here to help you,” he said as he dropped his hood.

Emer swallowed hard.
“Professor Lakyn. Do you know where your brother is? We need to speak with him urgently,” she asked.
“No, I don’t. What is this about? Maybe I can pass on a message.”
“It’s about Scarlett, but we should tell him ourselves. I think we’ll wait, thanks,” Emer replied. She grabbed Joshua’s arm and began to pull him away.
“Wait. Is this about ‘The Legend’? Because, if it is, that is crucial information, and it should be shared with my Father.”
“Um… did we say ‘The Legend,’ Emer?” Joshua asked, trying to cover himself.
“No. We didn’t. I believe we said ‘Legacy.’ Right, Josh?”
“Right.”
“Don’t lie to me!” Lakyn growled, pinning Joshua to the wall. “Listen, I know all about ‘The Legend.’ I know who it is, so don’t play stupid with me.”
“Let him go!” Emer screamed and ran into the nearest classroom.
“Where is she?” he hissed in Joshua’s face.
“We’re not telling you,” Joshua told him. Lakyn clenched his jaw and lifted Joshua up higher on the wall by his throat.
“Put him down,” Emer told him calmly. Lakyn turned and saw her standing there in the entry to the Combat Room, holding an Archangel’s bow with the Tear Tip trained on him.
Lakyn snickered. “You aren’t really going to shoot me, are you? You’ll be punished severely.”
“I’ll take my risks,” she told him, pulling back on the bow-string. The next sound they all heard was a whistling through the air and Lakyn’s moan as he crumpled to the ground, unconscious. Joshua fell to his knees and Emer dropped the bow. It clattered to the ground as she ran to join Joshua. Then two sets of boots appeared beside them. Emer and Joshua glanced up and saw Kat and Jacob. It was Jacob who had fired the tranquilliser dart into Lakyn’s neck.
“It’s only a sedative, and not a very strong one, in relation to angel blood, that is. He’ll burn it off soon,” Jacob told them as he lowered the dart gun. “We have to hurry.” He lifted Lakyn over his shoulder as if he weighed nothing at all, and Kat ran to join her friends.
“Are you okay, Josh?” she asked.
“Yeah, I’m okay now. Thanks.” He managed a smile while rubbing his sore neck. She helped him to his feet, and they followed Jacob.

“You’re helping me? How are you helping me by keeping me tied up? And who are you people?” Scarlett demanded
“We are a special sect dedicated to helping Angels with a true calling, like you,” replied Abel. Was he serious?
“Look, I don’t believe you. And if you don’t let me go, you’ll have to deal with Dyston. He’s coming.” She struggled again, but this time she felt hot. She was burning up, and they would have to deal with it, she thought. She sent a silent prayer to Dyston.

Dyston flew over the city tirelessly searching for Scarlett, but there was no sign—until he received a message.
“Dyston, please help. I’m being held captive by a sect who says they help special angels.”
He immediately knew who it was from.
“Be strong,” he told her. “If they touch you, fight back. I believe in you.”
“They have me shackled, and I’m burning up…”
“Keep calm, breathe. Do you notice anything about your surroundings? Can you see a window?”
There were a few moments of silence, in which Dyston grew increasingly impatient. He wanted to murder the people who held her. He was thankful when he heard her again.
“There’s one window. I’m surrounded by buildings.”
“Describe them,” he asked her.
“Three buildings, almost joining, made of bluish glass. The smallest one has a tree on the top.”
Dyston flapped his mighty wings once and sped up, flying towards the main part of the Central Business District.

Jacob carried Lakyn down several flights of musty, dark, concrete stairs.
“Where does this lead?” Kat asked. She stayed close by him.
“To the cells. Long ago, they were built to hold angels who rebelled against the Realm of Fire, and who then decided to follow Lucifer,” Jacob told her. “Listen, you don’t need to come with me. You don’t need to see this.”
“I want to. I’m not leaving you,” she told him, touching his arm. He managed a smile over Lakyn’s limp leg.
“How long have you known what Lakyn was up to?”
“I had a hunch from the beginning. As Dyston and I grew close, I began to notice things just by hanging out with the Blackbell brothers.”
“Is Dyston evil, too?”
“No, he’s the opposite. Although he has rebelled, and the Michaelites disagree, it’s for the greater good.”
“Why did he rebel?” she asked, curious. Before Jacob could answer, Lakyn groaned.
“We need to hurry,” Jacob told her, sprouting his wings. Kat gasped. She had never seen them before. They were as white as the clouds were when the sun hit them, and the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. He lifted off the ground and flew down over the stairs and right into a cell, dumping Lakyn’s body. He quickly jumped out again and locked the Iron Gate behind him.
“Why are you doing this?” Lakyn asked groggily.
“To protect the good of all angel-kind,” Jacob told him, slipping his fingers through Kat’s.
“There is no good anymore, only corruption and rebellion!” he spat, sitting up.
“Dyston only rebelled against his Task because he fell in love with her,” Jacob said. Lakyn laughed, and Jacob immediately regretted telling him.
“I always knew he was weak. That’s why his wings turned black,” he snickered. His laugh was sadistic.
“Come on,” Jacob told Kat. “Let’s go find the others.” And they left the cells hand in hand, leaving Lakyn behind.

Dyston had the city skyline in his sights. He zeroed his gaze in on a cluster of three buildings, one of which had a tree on top. That must be the one, he thought. He flapped his wing tips, which pushed him higher into the sky, and landed on one of the rooftops. But what he hadn’t noticed was that someone was already there waiting for him. He felt pain in his left wing and his world began to blur. He dropped to his knees and prayed.
“Scarlett, send help,” was all he managed before everything went dark.

It might have been pure luck, or the hand of God watching over Scarlett. While she was communicating to Dyston, Abel, her captor had been called out of the room. She struggled against her bindings again until she felt the heat of her Trait as it resurfaced. She felt the flames lick her legs first, and then her abdomen. They rose to her arms, then her shoulders, and finally, to her head. She didn’t scream in pain. It didn’t hurt, but the power was amazing. She felt strong. And then she heard it—Dyston’s voice. It was as natural to her as her own.
“Scarlett, send help,” he told her, and that was it, nothing else came after.
“Dyston?” she tried to reply, but still heard nothing, nothing but radio silence. Silence killed her. She knew it meant only one thing. He never ignored her. It meant he was in trouble. She concentrated one last time on the power of the fire inside her, felt it surge, and then she pushed against her bindings, and they snapped. She wanted to cry and laugh aloud with joy, but she knew this wasn’t the end of her battle. She still had to find a way out of the room before her captors returned.
She tried the only door in the room, but it was locked. She tried heating up the metal, but it wouldn’t budge. The only way out was through the window. She walked over to it and looked down. She was really high up. If she jumped, she would die. She leaned back against the wall beside the window and thought. She hadn’t even been taught how to summon her wings yet, so she couldn’t fly. She looked back at the bed where she had been strapped down. Her captors must have lied about the bindings being made of Hell-Metal because they were completely melted and warped. Some of the molten metal had even dripped onto the floor. She made a mental note to research the Realms of Fire and Ice and their metals when she returned to Blackbell.

Dyston blinked. He couldn’t see anything in front of his face, only pitch-black darkness. And then there appeared a single flame. It flickered and danced in its own halo. Dyston watched it. It came closer and closer to him, until it was so close that he could feel its warmth. And then a hand appeared, followed by a face. Dyston tried to drag himself backwards, but he couldn’t go anywhere. A solid rock wall prevented him.
“Who are you?” he asked the person with the flame. His voice echoed, and he realised that he must be in a cave.
“Don’t worry about us,” the gravelly voice told him. The voice belonged to a male and sounded a lot older than Dyston. “What you should be worried about now is the fact that you are going to lose this war.”
“I wasn’t aware that we were currently in a war,” Dyston said as he pulled himself into a sitting position, “and why is it so dark in here?”
“Because it’s just turned twilight. Just wait, you will see, this place is magical at night,” said the flame guy. And at the same moment he finished speaking, there was the most amazing bluish-white light, so bright that Dyston had to shield his eyes with his hand. When the light had dimmed enough, so that his eyes weren’t hurting, Dyston glanced around the cave. The cave itself was maybe twenty square metres, and there were three other angels there with him—two sitting at the mouth of the cave and the one with a candle. Dyston looked closer at the candle he originally thought was a lighter or a match, but was actually a small flame inside a sphere of glass. It hung on a chain around the gravel-voiced angel’s neck.
“Why do you have me here?” Dyston asked them.
“To stop you from interfering with our mission,” replied one the angels by the mouth of the cave.
“Your mission? Which is what, exactly?”
“Why, finding the Legend and destroying the Michaelites, of course,” replied Gravel voice. Dyston sucked in a breath. They were after Scarlett. Maybe these were the people who held her as well, he thought.
“What do you want with the Legend? And how do you know that the rumour’s true?”
“We want The Legend on our side of the war, fighting with us.”
“And remind me again, what war?”
“The War of the Realms, you foolish, Heavenly reject.”
Dyston chuckled. “You’re mistaken. There is no war.”
“Oh, but there is. We started it,” he told Dyston. He pulled him up by the bindings on his wrists that he didn’t realise were there. They lit up like the flame in the sphere, and Dyston realised what it was—Hell Fire bound him, and he was beginning to burn.

Lakyn’s phone began to ring. Jacob fished it out of his pocket.
“Is that Lakyn’s phone? Who’s calling?” asked Kat as she walked beside him on their way to dinner.
“Someone by the name of Abraham,” he told her, staring at the caller ID.
“Answer it,” she whispered, glancing around to see if anyone was around. They weren’t alone. A few other students were still in the corridors making their way to the dining hall. Jacob pulled Kat through a door to their left and shut it behind them. Kat realised they were in the Janitor’s closet. Jacob answered the call.
“Abraham?” he asked, trying to sound as much like Lakyn as possible.
“It’s done.” The voice on the other end told him. Jacob held the phone up between them so that Kat could hear, too.
“What is? I’m sorry, I’ve been so busy that I forgot what I asked you to do,” said Jacob.
“We have your brother. He can’t interfere anymore. And Abel has the girl,” said Abraham. Jacob tried not to sound alarmed. He continued to play along.
“Excellent. Where are you holding them?”
“Abel has the flame-haired girl in your apartment downtown, and your brother is with us in the Realm of Light,” said Abraham. Jacob swallowed and tried not to lose it. He took a deep breath. He practically ruled Abraham. By acting as Lakyn, he could make Abraham do anything. He had to think. What would Lakyn do?
“Okay, keep my brother there,” he told Abraham, “but bring the girl back to the Academy.”
“Are you sure, boss? You asked us to hold her.”
“I know, but she hasn’t been properly trained. She’s of no use to us if she doesn’t know of her full potential.”
“Very well. I’ll contact Abel,” said Abraham, before cutting the connection. Jacob put the phone back in his pocket and looked at Kat.
“What do you think they’re planning with Scarlett and Dyston?” she asked.
“A war that we’re not yet prepared for,” he told her, and they burst out of the closet. Kat followed him.
“What are we going to do?”
“We have to train as many of the students as possible, and fast.”
“How much time do we have?”
“Not sure, but I would guess not long.”
“Where are you going?” Kat called as she ran after him. His pace was too quick for her, so he slowed and let her catch up.
“We’re going to dinner, so that we can tell Beth what her eldest son has been planning, and to ask her how to free Dyston,” he told her, taking her hand as they entered the dining hall. Kat wanted to ask him how Dyston’s mother could help free her son, but she didn’t have time. They were now standing in front of Beth.
“Jacob, Katherine, where are my sons? I know Dyston is sometimes late, but never Lakyn,” asked Beth.
“Can we speak with you alone, Professor Beth?” asked Jacob. Beth looked at her husband who sat next to her at the Professor’s table that was at the front of the dining hall. Zachariah nodded.
“Fill me in later,” he said to his wife. Beth stood and followed Jacob and Kat outside into the corridors.
“What is this about?” she asked when outside.
“We have a problem,” began Jacob. “We suspect Lakyn has joined the Lucifites.”
“What?” gasped Beth in shock. “How do you know of this?”
“One of his employees, a man named Abraham, called Lakyn’s phone, which I have. He told us that they’re holding Scarlett and Dyston captive. And Beth, Dyston’s trapped in the Realm of Light,” said Jacob.
Beth inhaled sharply. “Are you sure? And why do you have Lakyn’s phone?”
“Uh…” Jacob looked to Kat for reassurance. She just squeezed his hand. “I needed to incarcerate him for a while. He’s fine.”
Beth nodded.
“You know how to free Dyston, don’t you?”
“Yes.”

Scarlett had almost given up on escaping, sure that the only way out was death. That was until she heard feet approaching. She stood and called her Trait to her. She felt the surge of heat and her body warmed. She was getting pretty good at this now, she thought. Her hands and her brown irises glowed orange. When the door opened, she would be ready for them.
“What the hell?” said Abel as he opened the door and stuck his head in. “She’s escaped? How on earth…” he was stunned.
“Hell-Metal, huh?” said Scarlett, stepping out from behind the door. “You had better think harder next time you want to trap ‘The Legend’,” she said, throwing a fireball from her hands towards Abel’s face. His skin melted off his face right before her eyes, and his screams made Scarlett want to throw up. But she held herself together. She had to get out. She ran towards the open door, but one of the other angels grabbed her.
“Stop fighting,” he hissed. “Our master told us to return you to the Academy.” His breath stunk of Black Wing, a unique brand of cigarette. It was then Scarlett remembered something Dyston had told her on their date.
Watching the football beside Dyston, she noticed numerous Nephilim smoking.
“Did you ever work for your father’s company?” she asked. He turned to her and smirked.
“Why do you ask?”
“I was curious. I saw Lakyn on the news talking about his cigarettes and their controversial new formula. Makes me wonder what’s so controversial about it.”
Dyston turned his gaze back to the game for a moment then turned back to her. A look of concern crossed his features.
“Look, you didn’t hear this from me. Okay?” he lowered his voice and leaned closer, quickly looking around to see if anyone was watching them. “I didn’t want to work for my Father’s company because of what they’re doing.”
“What are they doing?” 
“Lakyn developed a unique formula. It caused controversy because the cigarettes were found to contain a hallucinogen that made you think Lucifer was your master, so that you would join the Lucifites.”
This was the sign Scarlett needed to confirm her suspicions—that these angels were under the same influence, or thought they were. She knew they worked for Lakyn.
“I don’t believe you,” she said, spitting in his face. But he didn’t let her go.
“It’s the truth. He told Abraham himself.”
“Abraham?” asked Scarlett.
“Yeah, the angel that’s holding your fallen boyfriend,” he told her. Scarlett froze. They had Dyston. No wonder she couldn’t hear him anymore.
“What did you do to him?” she demanded as she began to kick, striking one of Lakyn’s assistants in the shin.
“Argh! You little Archangel bitch! The sooner we get rid of you, the better,” he screamed.
Scarlett managed to get loose again and ran through the open door. She only made it halfway down the hall when she heard the elevator open around the corner. She froze and pinned herself against the wall, waiting. But the person who came around the corner was not who she expected, for there before her stood Dyston’s mother, Beth Blackbell, and right behind her, Jacob.
“Scarlett, go with Jacob back to the Academy,” Beth told her. “I’ll deal with Abel and his… attack dogs.” Scarlett immediately ran to Jacob’s side but not before giving the older woman a warm smile. Beth smiled back and continued walking towards the apartment.
As Scarlett rode the elevator down to the ground floor with Jacob, a million questions zipped through her mind.
“Where’s Dyston?” was the first one she asked. Jacob met her eyes sadly.
“He’s being held in the Realm of Light, and there’s only one person who can get him out,” he told her.
“Who?”
“Lakyn.”
“Well, I’ll go and ask him when we get back.”
“Okay, but Scarlett, there’s one little problem with that.”
“What’s that?”
“Lakyn’s the one who put him in there.”
Chapter Nine


Light

“What exactly is the Realm of Light?” Scarlett asked in the car on the way back to the Academy. Blackbell had its own private car fleet of old British taxis, which were used on official business only.
“It’s a realm that can only be entered by angels,” he told her.
“And why do angels go there?”
“Because fallen angels can’t enter back into the Realm of Fire. And angels who haven’t chosen a side can’t enter the Realm of Ice. So they go to the Realm of Light.”
“Which is like Purgatory, right?”
“Not quite. Purgatory is where all other creatures live in wait. The Realm of Light is only for angels.”
Scarlett processed this. “So, can I go into the Realm of Light and rescue him?” she asked, hopeful. But her heart sank with Jacob’s next words.
“No, I’m sorry. Only full-fledged angels can enter the Realm of Light.”
“But, you said Lakyn put him in there, right? Why?”
“Because they are trying to start a new war, and Dyston was getting in their way.”
“Who are they?”
Jacob let out his breathe slowly. “The Lucifites.”
“So, that’s what Lakyn’s been plotting? He wants to bring the Lucifites back to life?”
“Like a phoenix from the ashes,” he told her.

Beth stormed into Lakyn’s empty apartment. She was like a force of nature, and she swept the soldiers up in her whirlwind, for that was her Trait. She knocked the two guards down first, and then she went for Abel, who was cowering near the window. He glanced at it, and then at her.
“You jump, you die,” she told him.
“I’m going to anyway,” he told her, smashing the glass.
“I’m not here to kill you, Abel. I’m here to offer you immunity, if you help my son.”
“Which one?” he snickered.
“Both, but more importantly, my youngest. The one you have imprisoned in the Realm of Light.”
“Sorry, can’t help you,” he told her, about to jump. Beth grabbed him by the back of his shirt and pulled him away from the window.
“Please, Abel, help me. I will reward you with anything that you wish,” she told him. He sighed. 
“You know there’s only one way your son can get out of the Realm of Light, right?” he asked. Beth nodded. She knew, but she was afraid to admit it.
“Yes, I know.”

Dyston clenched his jaw. The pain from the bindings was searing and irritating his wrists. “Are these necessary?”
“Just following orders,” Abraham told him.
“From who?”
Before Abraham could answer, he led Dyston out of the cave, down a slope, and into a creek bed, where everything shined. Dyston had heard about the Realm of Light many times from his mother, but he had never been here. So, he must be a full-fledged angel, he thought. The beauty of the realm temporarily took away the pain his fiery handcuffs inflicted. Everything shimmered and glittered, looking like it had been touched by faeries. The trees were covered in tiny blue lights. They swayed in a non-existent breeze. When they touched the tree next to it, the adjacent tree lit up brighter than the former. That wasn’t the most incredible and unique part about this place—that was the river. This river didn’t contain water. Rather, it overflowed with crystals, diamonds, and tiny crystal spheres—the very same type of sphere that Abraham had around his neck.
“There’s no point in holding me in these bindings. I can’t escape from here without the key,” Dyston told him as they walked. “Where are you taking me, anyway?”
“To the Chambers,” replied Abraham.
Dyston flinched. The Chambers was a place where they conducted tests and carried out punishments. It was a sort of courthouse for Nephilim.
They entered the forest. The lights were brighter and stronger here. Up above and everywhere around, Dyston heard a flap of wings—other angels flew overhead. He wanted to call out for help.
“Who are you working for?” he asked Abraham, who had just yanked him forward.
“Keep up,” Abraham growled. Before long, the forest thinned out and it grew darker, but only for a second. Up ahead rose the spires of the Chambers. It looked like any gothic castle, except this one was outlined in blue light and seemed to float on clouds. They stepped onto the bridge leading to the front gate of The Chambers, and Dyston was immediately hesitant. He knew what the bridge was made out of.
“If you don’t quit stopping, I’ll add your wings to that pile,” said Abraham, yanking him forward again. Dyston had no choice but to step on the bridge of angel wings. His mother had told him about it in a bedtime story when he was young—angels that betrayed God and went against their Task had their wings ripped out and added to the Bridge of Wings. From that moment, Dyston had been terrified to ever step a foot wrong until he found Scarlett. From that moment on, he realised he would sacrifice anything to protect her, even his wings. And if this were what it took, he would do it. He followed Abraham into the Chambers.

As soon as Scarlett arrived back at Blackbell, she ran towards Lakyn’s office. But not before running into Emer and Del.
“Scar, you’re back!” squealed Emer, throwing her arms around Scarlett.
“Yes. Shh, don’t let everyone know.”
“I’m so glad you’re back, and that you’re safe.”
“Well, I’m not exactly safe. None of us are,” Scarlett told her friends. The two girls just stared at her, confused.
“I’ll explain later. Right now, I need to find Lakyn.”
“He’s missing,” Emer told her.
“What?” Scarlett’s heart sank. “What do you mean, missing?”
“Ask Jacob. He’s the one who darted him,” Emer told her.
“Darted him?”
“Yeah, ‘cause he was hurting Josh.”
“So, that means his office is free,” stated Scarlett as she ran down the hall.
“I have a feeling this is not good,” said Del, staring after Scarlett.
“Not at all,” added Emer.

Scarlett pushed open the door to Lakyn’s office. It was dark and smelled of his cigarettes. She flipped on the light and surveyed the room. Jacob had told her that Lakyn held the key to freeing Dyston. So, she had to find something—anything— that was a clue. His desk was on the same wall as the door. She noticed it was clean, too clean. No papers, just a computer, and a bronze statuette of Lucifer depicted in his angel form—his previous self. Scarlett walked behind the desk, sat on the chair and switched on the computer. While she waited for it to boot up, she glanced around the rest of the room. There was nothing else but a punching bag and three bookshelves. He lived a boring life, she thought, dedicated to study. As soon as the computer home screen opened, the first thing she noticed was the desktop, or rather, the lack of one. There was no personal photo, only the Blackbell family crest. She realised, with a sinking feeling, that this must not be his personal computer. Instead of turning it off again, she decided to browse. The first thing she clicked on was his email inbox. A box appeared that asked for a password. Damn! She began to think of the possibilities it could be. The first thing she tried was blackwings. It was Lakyn’s company name and black wings also adorned his family crest, so it was the most logical choice. It was a success. She was in. She almost laughed out loud at how easy it had been. She studied the latest email, the subject line entitled RE: BlackWing Test Subject - Phase One. She clicked on it and read the body of the email. It appeared to have come from an employee at his factory, someone in charge of doing tests with the ‘new formula.’ It also noted that subjects were responding positively and followed every chain of command they were given. What she read horrified Scarlett. They were running tests on working class Nephilim with the hallucinogenic formula Dyston told her about. They were turning them into zombies. She clicked out of the email, shut down the computer, and quickly jumped away from the desk. 
So, this was what Lakyn was up to? But how did it involve Dyston and herself? On her way out of the room, she accidently knocked the Lucifer statue, and it fell sideways onto the desk. Simultaneously, a panel of the wall opposite slid up to reveal a collection of skeleton keys. Just as she was about to grab one, a figure appeared in the doorway. She spun around, and came face to face with Lakyn.

The interior of the Chambers seemed much smaller than the impression the exterior gave, probably due to all the Hematite and black marble floors. Abraham led Dyston towards the back of the foyer and veered to the left. He pushed on a set of double doors, also made of Hematite, and stepped into a room that was entirely white, a shocking contrast to the previous room. Abraham sat Dyston on a table in the centre of the room. It looked like a surgical room, and Dyston was suddenly afraid.
“Wings out,” said a woman in white scrubs and mask, whom Dyston hadn’t noticed. The only thing Dyston could see was her eyes. They were the colour of a lemon meringue pie. He couldn’t disobey her, when someone asked for an angel to show their wings, they had to. His enormous coal black wings sprouted from his back and the woman took hold of them, stretching them out. His wings were very sensitive. It annoyed Dyston immensely.
“What are you doing to them?” he asked fearfully. The woman didn’t answer, instead she let his wings go, and came around in front of him. The woman then began shining a torch into each of his eyes.
“Have you completed your Task?” she asked in an eastern European accent.
“Not yet, why? What are you doing to me?”
“That is very strange,” was all she said in reply.
“What’s strange?” he asked, confused.
“Your wings, they’re black, very strange.”
“Well, I guess I did stray from my Task, as you say.”
“They should not be black, unless you have chosen. Have you chosen?” she asked, looking Dyston straight in the eye. He matched her gaze. He didn’t have to think of what to say, he knew.
“Yes, I have chosen.”

“What are you doing in my office?” he asked Scarlett, who was still standing in front of the keys. He looked at the wall, and then at the Lucifer statue, and straightened it back up, closing the wall panel.
“I came to find you,” she told him, innocently.
“That’s flattering, but I’m busy,” he told her, rubbing his neck. Scarlett noticed there was a small puncture wound there. Probably from Jacob’s dart, she guessed.
“How did you escape from the cell?” she wondered aloud. “I thought Jacob drugged you.” Lakyn stopped rubbing his neck and looked up at her. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a skeleton key, dropping it onto the desk.
“What do you want? As I said, I’m busy.”
Scarlett stood straighter and changed her persona. She had a plan. “I won’t take up your time,” she told him, shutting the door.
“What are you doing?” he asked, as Scarlett came closer to him. She walked around the desk to where he was now sitting, sliding her finger across the tabletop.
“You may have heard, that I broke up with Dyston,” she began, attempting to be seductive. This was only the beginning of her lie.
“Why are you telling me?” he suddenly couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“Because, you are more my type. He was so clingy and possessive. But you let me have my space, which I like.”
“You like me?” Lakyn’s eyes became wide in surprise. “Wait, how did you get free?”
“Well, I may not carry around a key like you do, but I do have my secret weapon.” Scarlett watched Lakyn’s eyes take her in.
“I know you like me, too. I’ve seen you looking. You check me out every day,” she told him, sitting on his lap. She was playing with fire, and she knew it. But it was the only way to save Dyston. She had always been told to keep her friends close and her enemies closer. Well, she would keep Lakyn Blackbell so close that she would know his every secret and every weakness.
“So my brother, he’s in love with you. You know that, right?” he asked her, staring into her eyes.
“Yes,” she lied. Her heart sank, but she had to do this. She would explain everything to Dyston later. She only hoped he’d forgive her. Even though a part of her loved him, the other half suspected that he was only with her, because she was the Legend, and because she was his Task, so he felt the need to protect her and keep her to himself. But that was what she hated the most. She hated being treated like a possession.
“But I don’t love him,” said Scarlett, and then she kissed him hard, pressing herself against him. He spread his wings and pulled her into the air, where they hovered above the desk. Scarlett looked down and then back up at him. She smiled, taking in the glory of his wings.
“They’re beautiful,” she said, stroking them. “I’ve never seen marbled wings before.”
“They’re unique,” he told her.
“Like you,” she said flirtatiously, kissing him again.
“And like you,” he told her, before tearing off her clothes. She gasped, but she let him do it. She couldn’t believe that she was about to sleep with the enemy, to sleep with someone other than Dyston. Some nights she had fantasies about being with Dyston, but this was no dream or fantasy. This was acting. Scarlett needed answers. She took off his shirt, ripping the buttons apart.
Afterwards, they lay wrapped together in his wings on the floor.
“You know, that was my first time, right?” she told him, running her fingers through his hair.
“I’m surprised I beat my brother to it,” he chuckled.
“He was too much of a gentleman. I prefer bad boys,” she told him, kissing his chest, which made him laugh. He stroked her hair, and she snuggled closer. Then she asked the question she had been dying to ask.
“Can you tell me about the Realm of Light?”
“Why do you want to know?”
“I’ve always wanted to go there. I can’t wait.”
“Well, you have to be a full-fledged angel to enter the Realm, or be called there. Didn’t you know that?”
“No. And be called there? For what?”
“For tests or punishment. They run exams to see how far along angels are with their Task and to see if they’re in danger of straying.”
“Task? Like how Dyston was tasked with protecting me?”
“That’s correct.”
“Do all angels receive a Task?”
“Yes. We all have a mission on this earth.”
“And if angels stray from their task, what happens then?”
“Their wings will be ripped out, and added to the Bridge of Wings as a reminder of what they have done,” he told her. Scarlett felt sick. If that’s why Dyston had been taken to The Realm of Light, then she didn’t have much time left, if any. And if it had already happened, if they had already torn his wings out, then she had failed him.
“What happens to an angel after their wings have been ripped out?” she asked.
“They are shunned and stripped of their Trait, and, therefore, become human.”
Human—any angel’s worst nightmare. For that was the reason for the war in The Realm of Fire in the Beginning. Angels rebelled against God because they felt jealous of his new creation. So it was ironic that if they rebelled again, they would have their wings ripped out and be turned into the thing they loathed the most.
“How do you enter The Realm of Light? Is there like a magic gateway, or key, or something?” Scarlett asked.
“There are both. Now, why all the questions about the Realm?”
“As I said, I’m curious. I really want to go there,” she said, kissing his chest.
“Well, just for you, I might be able to pull some strings.”
“Really? Thank you so much.” She kissed him again before sitting up, and pulling together what was left of her clothes after Lakyn had torn them.
“It’s no problem. I have a bone to pick with someone there anyway,” Lakyn said, as he sat up, pulling on his briefs. “You had better go and get changed,” he told her. “I’ll meet you in the library by the tree.”
“Okay.” She crossed to the door while holding the strips of fabric around her as much as she could, and prayed to God that no one saw her.
“And Scarlett?” he asked, stopping her
“Yes?”
“Thank you,” he told her with a genuine smile. Was he falling for her? Scarlett didn’t know what to say. She just smiled back and exited the office. As she snuck through the corridors and up the stairs to her room, she couldn’t help but feel a little guilty, and a little pleased at the same time. Guilty for what she had just done, when she was sure she had feelings for Dyston and pleased that her plan just might have worked. She was going to the Realm of Light.
Chapter Ten


Voice

“Breathe in and out, in and out,” said Professor Harpe as she ran her students through breathing exercises. “An angel’s voice is probably the most important weapon they have,” she continued. “It is even more important than an Archangel sword or bow,” she said as she paced before the semi-circle of students in front of her.
“To achieve your voice, you have to learn how to use your diaphragm. Now breathe!” Stopping in front of Kat and Emer, she placed a hand on each of their abdomens. “In and out, girls.” The girls nodded silently. It was no joke that everyone was frightened of Professor Harpe.
“Where’s Scarlett?” Delilah whispered. “I thought she’d be back in class by now.” 
“She’s back, I just don’t know where she is,” replied Emer.
“Jacob said he dropped her off and hadn’t seen her since,” added Kat.
“We…” began Del, before being interrupted by Professor Harpe’s stone cold stare.
“Less talking, more vocal warm-ups!” She was beginning to sound like a drill sergeant. 
“Why is an angel’s voice so important, Miss?” asked Thomas and Emer shot him a glare. He shrugged. Always the straight-A student, she thought.
“Thanks for asking, Thomas. An angel’s voice is important for many reasons. It can be used in identification between mates…” Professor Harpe paused because numerous giggles had erupted throughout the room. She continued, though. “It can also be used as a weapon as I said earlier.”
“How?” asked Kat
“Well, when used in conjunction with Glory, an angel’s voice is a shield.”
“Can you demonstrate?” asked a Nephilim with silvery-purple hair. Kat remembered her from Combat Training as Diamond.
“Ok, just a warning, though. An angel’s Glory is hard to look at by an untrained eye. For it is a representation of one’s self in the Realm of Fire. It is pure light and energy,” she told the class. Then she stepped backwards. The students stood on a tiered stage so it was easy for everyone to see clearly. Then Professor Harpe inhaled, opened her hands, and sang while showing her full glory. Students shielded their eyes from the glare. Looking at Professor Harpe’s Glory was like looking into the sun. It shone in perfect harmony with her impressive soprano voice.

Dyston felt as if he had been in the Chambers for an eternity. How much longer would they make him wait? He paced around his new surroundings. He had been moved from the white laboratory to a new red room. The furniture, the walls, everything was in varying shades of red, except for the floor, which looked like Hematite—dark grey and shiny. Who was the interior designer, he wondered. Then he moaned. The red made him think of one thing, one angel—Scarlett. He longed to hold her, to kiss her. To feel her heat beneath him, and then let his touch cool her down again. He also longed for a piano, so that he could play the song he wrote for her. It didn’t yet have a name, or lyrics, but he couldn’t get the melody out of his head. So, to keep him occupied, he decided to hum it. He wished he could hum it to her. As he hummed, his heart sank as he remembered how they had fought in Traits 101. She had told him to stay away from her, and it had felt like a Tear Tip ripping through his heart. He slumped into a nearby loveseat and continued to hum. All the while trying to send a prayer to her, knowing that it probably wouldn’t work, but he had to try anyway.

Scarlett tore through her closet looking for something to wear. She decided on something practical, as she felt she would be doing lots of walking, running, or fighting. She took her Converses out from the bottom of the closet, readjusted her bra, with which she was thankful that Lakyn didn’t break, and put on clean knickers and her favourite acid washed grey skinny jeans. Then she looked for a shirt and found a maroon one. Perfect, she thought. She knew both of the Blackbell brothers found her absolutely irresistible in this shirt. She’d been wearing this same shirt the day she bumped into Dyston and met Lakyn. She stood up after tying her shoelaces, and gazed at Dyston’s perfect black feather, still sitting where she had left it on top of The Chronicle by her bedside. She picked it up and stroked it. She wanted to tell him that she was sorry, a thousand times sorry from the bottom of her heart. But that would have to wait. Right now, she had to play the role of a schoolgirl with a crush on her teacher, so that he would lead her into a magical realm to save his brother. When she thought about it, her life had become complicated. What would her good, kind Grandmother think of her now? She put the feather down, but not before tucking the silver dagger that Dyston had given her for emergencies into an ankle sheath. She remembered the warning and concern in his eyes vividly the day he had given her the dagger.
 “Only use it at precisely the right moment,” he had told her. She knew that now was the right moment. She slipped out of her room and ran two doors down, and knocked. She only had to wait a moment before Jacob answered. He let her in right away.
“Any developments?” he asked, before going back to the bed to join Kat, sitting beside her.
“I’m going to the Realm of Light tonight with Lakyn,” Scarlett told them.
“Wow. What did you do to convince him, sleep with him?” Kat asked, not knowing that Scarlett had done just that. Scarlett tried not to let it show on her face, which was hard. For all she knew, she had a big neon sign on her forehead announcing, “I slept with Lakyn Blackbell!”
“No, I… just talked to him,” she finally said, covering herself, but not very well.
“You talked to Lakyn?” asked Jacob, unconvinced.
“Well, I admit I had to flirt maybe a little, but it worked, and he agreed to take me. I’m going to get Dyston out.”
“Good luck,” Kat told her, pulling away from Jacob for just a second to hug her.
“Do you have a weapon?” Jacob asked. “Dyston has a special dagger, the Blackbell dagger, it…” Before Jacob could finish, Scarlett had pulled the dagger out from under her jeans’ leg.
“You mean this?” she asked, waving in front of them.
“Yes, how did you get it?”
“Dyston gave it to me one night, after he realised who I truly was. I guess he knew what was coming.”
“It’s inevitable,” muttered Jacob. Kat glanced at him, concerned.
“I better go. You know how impatient Lakyn is. I love you guys,” she told her friends, hugging them one more time before she left.
She opened the door to the library. It was dark, apart from a single glowing ball of bluish-white light emanating from within the tree.
“Lakyn?” she called, moving gingerly forward into the library.
“Here,” he said, appearing in front of the light.
“What’s this?”
“The gateway.”
“To the Realm of Light?”
“Yes, but we have to hurry. I can’t keep it open forever. Here, take my hand,” he told her. She stepped forward into the light and took his hand.
“Now, promise me you won’t be scared,” he said, before they stepped into the gateway in the tree. Scarlett was confused. Why would she be scared? They were going to a place she had always thought was a myth, the way her grandmother had told her. A place full of globes of light and crystal rivers, and castles that floated on clouds. It sounded magical.
Scarlett didn’t know what to expect as she stepped through. Solid ground maybe, or clouds—but not this, not a feeling of falling from an unimaginable height. She wanted to scream, but then she realised that she was moving forward, not down. And that Lakyn was carrying her. His arms were around her waist, and his enormous marbled wings were carrying them gracefully through the light. Scarlett blinked. Everything was so white it hurt her eyes.
“Where are we?” she asked, blinking. But the voice didn’t come from her throat, she realised. It came from inside her head.
“Above the realm. I’ll land soon,” he said back telepathically. The sensation was strange. Did they all talk this way here?
“Above? You mean we’re not actually in the Realm?”
“We’re in, but we’re flying in its stratosphere. Okay, it’s all right now. Hold on.” And then Scarlett felt herself suddenly dropping. She gripped Lakyn tighter.
“Why did you do that?” she asked, once he was flying horizontally again.
“I had to make sure the airspace was okay.”
“Why? I thought that all full-fledged angels just come and go as they please?”
“They do. It’s just that they might not be okay with me bringing you in,” he told her. Scarlett pondered that as they flew through the whiteness and into the glittering dark. 
“Oh, Lakyn,” she exclaimed.
“Amazing for virgin eyes, I know.”
They flew over the mountains and the Forest of Lights. Scarlett realised that her jaw was open, and she quickly shut it again because the air around them was bitterly cold.
“It snows here?” she asked
“Yeah, but it’s not the kind of snow we have back on Earth. This snow is ethereal snow.”
“You mean it’s made of Heavenly matter?”
“Exactly. You have been doing your research,” he chuckled. She hadn’t really. Once, Dyston had put a dream in her head of them skiing together, and in the dream, he had explained that it was ethereal snow—snow made of matter and wasn’t cold, not real snow made of ice.
“What is that?” she asked as they came upon the spires of the castle in the clouds.
“That is The Chambers, where we go when we get summoned.”
“Are we going there now?” she asked as they flew closer.
“Yeah, I have to speak to someone inside.”
A few moments later, they landed on the stony walkway, just before the bridge. Scarlett stepped on it and it crunched and shimmered. She looked closer and saw individual feathers. She suddenly felt sick with the realisation of what she was standing on.
“This is the Bridge of Wings,” she gasped.
“Yes, where disrespectful angels have their wings laid, it’s an honour, actually.”
“An honour to have your wings ripped out and turned human?”
“Not that part. I’d rather go to The Realm of Ice than become human,” replied Lakyn, walking across the bridge. She followed him reluctantly and prayed that she wasn’t stepping on Dyston’s wings.

“Why am I here? Have I been summoned? Hello, is anyone there?” shouted Dyston in his mind. He had taken to mentally yelling and bashing on the walls. He had been there for a long time, probably days, he thought, as there were no windows in the red room. So he had no idea how much time had passed. As he began again, the door slid open, and in walked a female angel that appeared to be around his mother’s age. He wasn’t sure because full angels didn’t age after a certain point. Her hair was black, and as sleek as oil, and her skin appeared to have a golden sheen to it. Dyston thought she must be of high status, as two guards who wore ethereal armour were following her closely.
“Hello, Dyston,” she said, her voice appearing in his head. How did she know his name? 
“Sorry to keep you waiting.”
“Why am I here? I don’t understand what I have done. And who are you?”
“I am Ariel, protector of the Realm of Light, and it is to my understanding that you have found the last remaining Archangel heir.”
“Yes… what do you want with her?”
“I just need to know that she’s safe. Is she in good hands?”
“Not really. She was taken as I was. That’s why I need to get out of here,” he told her.
Ariel’s attention was stolen from him the moment one of her guards whispered something into her ear. When she looked back at Dyston, her golden irises blazed. She reminded him of a lion, fierce but beautiful.
“Excuse me for a minute, Dyston, I have some visitors,” she told him. 
Dyston’s whole body seemed to sag with disappointment as he sat on the arm of a lounge chair.
“Okay,” he replied softly. He was beginning to think he would never see Scarlett again.

Lakyn led Scarlett into the foyer of the Chambers. The whole time her eyes were too busy gazing up at the sparkly black interior that she hadn’t seen when Lakyn had come to a stop and that someone had joined them. She crashed into the back of him.
“Sorry…” she began to apologise, but soon shut up as she noticed the woman with the flowing black hair and the gold eyes standing in front of them.
“Scarlett, I presume?” said the woman, “I am Ariel.”
“Yes, but how…” Scarlett was speechless.
“I have heard all about you. Come,” she beckoned. Lakyn took Scarlett’s hand and went with them reluctantly. Ariel led them to some double doors at the end of the corridor just off to the right of the foyer. Scarlett expected their shoes to echo inside the cavernous place, but there was only silence. The doors made of ivory with gold handles contrasted sharply with the black all around, and on either side were ivory pillars intertwined with what looked to her like grape vines. The doors opened inward as soon as Ariel stood in front of them, as if they sensed her presence, and they entered. Ariel made her way to her seat, or her throne was more like it. It was a large ebony chair trimmed in gold. It matched everything in the room. The walls were painted black and had gold feathers stencilled on them. There were two smaller dining chairs in the room, also black and gold, facing Ariel’s throne. And she gestured for Scarlett and Lakyn to sit in them. They didn’t hesitate.
“What brings you to the Realm of Light?” she asked. She reminded Scarlett of a wicked queen from a human story her grandmother had told her, about a girl with hair black as night and skin white as snow. She hoped Ariel wasn’t as evil as that queen.
“My employees brought my brother here,” Lakyn told Ariel. Scarlett glared at him. How could he, she thought.
“For what purpose?” asked Ariel
“For failing at his Task. He needs to be punished,” he told Ariel. Scarlett’s heart sank.
“No!” She protested. She shot out of her seat. Ariel regarded her as if she were an insect she wanted to squash.
“He means something to you.” It wasn’t a question. She tilted her head as if regarding her, figuring out if she should eat her or not, Scarlett figured “That’s why you are here, is it not?” she asked with a cat-like grin. Lakyn looked as if he were in pain.
“You lied to me!” he growled.
“I’m sorry, Lakyn, but did you really think I would choose you over Dyston? I had to get here somehow. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to find him,” she declared as she started towards the door, only to be stopped by Ariel’s two guards.
“I’m sorry, Scarlett, but your boyfriend… you can’t see him.” Ariel told her.
“Why not? You better not have had his wings torn out!” She turned and her irises were glowing fiery orange. “He hasn’t done anything bad.”
“He failed in his Task and must be punished,” Ariel told her, echoing Lakyn. This angered Scarlett. She felt her whole body heat up and the fire coming to the surface.
“Mess with Dyston and you mess with me,” she told them, flames appearing at her fingertips as she turned to leave. As the guards tried to stop her, she burned them and they dropped to the ground, screaming. She then ran out into the corridor.

Dyston lounged on the love seat, his boots up in front of him. He was bored out of his brain. That was when he heard the screaming. He shot to his feet and stood alert. It was coming from the other side of the wall. He ran over to it, and put his ear against the wall, listening. Nothing. It had stopped. He was about to pull away, when he heard another sound. A more familiar sound—her voice inside his head.
“Dyston, where are you?” she called.
“Here, in the red room,” he called back with a smile.
“Where is that?”
“To the left of the foyer.”
There was silence as Scarlett ran across the foyer, burning more angel guards along the way.
“Black double doors?” she asked.
“Yes,” he told her.
She tried them, but they didn’t budge. “They’re locked.”
 “Stand back, I’ll try.”
Scarlett stood back. From inside, Dyston ran towards the doors and kicked with all his might. There was an almighty bang, but the doors still wouldn’t budge.
“Sorry,” he told her. “Try with your Trait.”
“Okay.” Scarlett focused all her energy on the doors and sent a fireball sailing towards the handles.
“That won’t work here,” said Ariel, gliding towards her.
“Please release him, he didn’t do anything wrong. There are worse crimes than failing a Task,” said Scarlett
“True, but I was only going to do what I was asked to do.”
“What were you asked to do?”
Ariel didn’t reply. Instead, she just unlocked the doors with a skeleton key she had pulled from a chain attached to her waist. The doors slid open, and there he stood. He was a little ruffled, but as beautiful as ever. Scarlett wanted to run to him, but a hand on her shoulder stopped her.
“No, you are no longer his Task,” Ariel told her, stepping forward and grabbing Dyston by the arm.
“What?” Scarlett asked in confusion.
“It’s ok, Scar, it’s better than the alternative. I’m sure you saw the bridge,” he told her, his kind chocolate eyes holding hers.
“Can he have another Task?” she asked Ariel, but secretly she didn’t want him to have any other task but her.
“No. From now on, he is purposeless.”
“And what does that mean? Can’t he come back with me?”
“No, an angel who has been stripped of his Task can never leave the Realm of Light.”
Scarlett felt as if her heart had been torn out of her chest. As Ariel began to lead Dyston away, Scarlett decided what she had to do. It was the only way to free him. She realised then she would do anything for him.
“Then you can take me, the last remaining relative of the Archangels, I will forever be in your debt,” she told them.
“Scarlett, no!” Dyston cried, struggling against Ariel’s grip. Scarlett just held his gaze.
Chapter Eleven


Debt

Ariel smiled cunningly. 
“Scarlett, do you even know what you’re doing? A deal of that calibre, a blood debt, is one of the most powerful debts an angel can make,” Dyston told her, still struggling in Ariel’s grasp. She let him go, and he ran to Scarlett’s side.
“I read about it in a textbook,” Scarlett admitted.
“But that’s in the Fourth Year textbook.”
“I know.” She held his gaze.
“He’s right, and as much as I hate to break up your lover’s reunion, we have formalities to get through,” Ariel interrupted.
“Please, don’t do this,” Dyston pleaded.
“It’s my choice, Dyston, and I choose to free you,” she told him, before stepping away. “Let’s do this.”
“Very well.” Ariel led her back into the foyer and over to the elevator. Dyston followed close behind.
Once they stepped into the elevator, Scarlett asked the one question that had been eating at her.
“So what will happen after the ceremony? Can we leave?” The Ceremony of the Blood Debt rarely happened anymore, but it was essentially, a deal in blood that an Archangel made as a sacrifice or a swap for another angel. And since Scarlett was the only surviving one with Archangel blood, the deal would now be valid.
“Once you sign your blood over to me, you will be forever indebted to the realm and to me,” explained Ariel.
“But that doesn’t mean you have control over her, does it?” asked Dyston
“No, it just means that I can call on her at any time.” Scarlett looked over at Dyston who was silently leaning against the wall of the elevator watching her. She moved towards him.
“You don’t have to do this you know,” he told her, taking her hands.
“I want to,” said Scarlett, pulling them free. Dyston wanted to ask what was wrong, but the elevator doors opened, and Scarlett realised they were in one of the castle’s turrets. Its walls depicted the materials the Chambers were made of, a dark brown natural stone, and appeared to be slimy or wet—brimstone, Scarlett realised. It was ironic in a land full of angels.
“Wait here,” Ariel told them before stepping out. Scarlett was now alone with him and her guilt.
“Scar…” As soon as they were alone, Dyston eliminated the space between them in a heartbeat. He ran his fingers over her cheek, but Scarlett turned away and walked to the window. She didn’t want to look at him, let alone have him touch her. She felt she wasn’t worthy. Down below, she noticed the menacing grey waves crashing against the sharp rocks. She wanted to be in those waves right now, having them toss her about, and throwing her onto the rocks like a form of torture—anything to get away from what she had done. She felt his warm breath on her neck. She wanted very much to throw her arms around him and make herself one with him. But she couldn’t. And she probably never would.
“Scarlett,” he whispered in her head, “why won’t you look at me?”
“I can’t,” she finally said.
“Why not? Look, if it’s about the debt, yeah, I’m mad, but I can live with it.”
“It’s not that.”
“Then what is it?” he placed a finger on her chin and turned her face towards his. “Please look at me.”
“You’ll hate me when you know what I did just to get here,” she told him, not meeting his eyes, tears forming in hers.
“If it’s just barbeque bodyguards, honestly, I don’t care,” he laughed
“Dyston, please.”
“Sorry. Jokes aside, what did you do that was so bad that you can’t bear to look at me?” he asked. Scarlett turned her body away from him again.
“If this is about me being too protective, I’ll hold back, I promise.”
“You are too protective, but that’s not the point. Oh, man! I’m so stupid!” She walked to the centre of the room and grabbed onto a gold chair, hunching over it like she was about to be sick.
“Scarlett?” He stepped closer, but not as close as they had previously been standing. She sensed him near her again, and this time she spun around and met his eyes.
“I persuaded Lakyn to bring me here,” she said in a rush
“Persuaded? How? My brother is not easily persuaded,” he said. Scarlett stared at her shoes. She was so ashamed that she had fallen so low.
Dyston’s heart felt like a ship’s anchor plunging into the gloomy abyss of the ocean.
“Tell me you didn’t.”
“Don’t make me feel worse than I already do,” Scarlett expected him to explode and hate her, break up with her, do anything but this.
“No, it’s my fault,” he said. Scarlett looked at him again, this time there was no sign of a rainbow.
“What do you mean?”
“If I hadn’t interfered and fallen for you, then we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
“What are you talking about? I thought I was the one who screwed up?” Surely he must be in denial, she thought.
“No, I screwed up first. I fell for you and caused myself to be brought here for judgment, leaving you open to all kinds of evil influences.” Scarlett tried to speak, but Dyston continued. “I’ll deal with him later. Right now, I’m just glad to have you back,” he told her, hugging her close. A lie, it felt like a lie. Her face was probably sweating her betrayal. But she let him hold her anyway. After all, she did have legitimate feelings for him, she just felt as though she didn’t deserve him. That was the moment Ariel chose to walk back into the room, shadowed by Lakyn.
“We’re ready for you, Scarlett,” she said. The brothers’ eyes met, chocolate brown and ice blue, a storm brewing between them. Dyston kept a firm hold on Scarlett. He wasn’t going to let her out of his sight, especially near Lakyn.
“I’m coming with her,” Dyston announced.
“Don’t worry, little brother, she’ll be safe with me,” Lakyn told him, his face showing a snarky expression.
“I Am Coming,” Dyston repeated more firmly and slower this time. He stepped in front of Scarlett.
“Very, well, but we must hurry,” said Ariel.
They rode the elevator up one level. As soon as the doors opened Scarlett thought she was in The Realm of Fire. All the walls, the floor, and ceilings were made of painted white wood. It was a colossal space, almost bare, except for a raised platform in the centre with what looked like an altar on it. Scarlett was so busy admiring the bright vastness of the room, that she hadn’t observed Ariel placing a large white bowl on the altar. She glanced at Dyston, whose black leather jacket and green t-shirt were a striking contrast to the white backdrop. He was watching her. She knew that he wasn’t going to let her out of his sight this time. She stole a glance at Lakyn who was staring at her, as well, until Scarlett met his eyes, and he averted his gaze to Ariel.
“Can you please step forward, Scarlett,” said Ariel. Scarlett took a step away from Dyston towards the altar.
“Wait. What exactly does this blood ritual do to Scarlett?” asked Dyston. Scarlett paused.
“It makes her choose,” Ariel told him.
“Choose? You never said anything about a choice.”
“Silly, boy, every angel has to choose at some point, and for Scarlett, that point is now. Scarlett, please come forward.” Ariel produced an ancient looking scroll and placed it on the marble table.
“What do I have to do?” Scarlett asked when she was standing in front of the altar.
“It’s quite simple. All you have to do is give me a drop of your blood on the dotted line,” she pointed to the scroll, and then produced a silver dagger.
“I don’t remember an oath which involved the spilling of blood,” said Dyston, moving to stand behind Scarlett, who reached out and took the dagger.
“This is a blood debt, Dyston. Just a single drop will suffice,” said Ariel, watching intently like a cat watching a mouse. Scarlett ran her finger along the blade and it cut her instantly, a single crimson drop fell to the snowy marble. Time seemed to slow down as everyone stared at the blood, whose shape was impeccably round. Scarlett closed her eyes and an image appeared in her mind, which she involuntarily began to draw. As she did, she heard multiple gasps.
“Scarlett, what are you doing?” asked Dyston
“No!” cried Lakyn, who seemed to recognise the image she was tracing in the blood. She opened her eyes and looked at what she had done. There, on the altar top, she saw an assemblage of circles, sharp angles and Latin symbols.
“Where on earth did you learn that?” Ariel asked. “Stop!”
“It was given to me,” explained Scarlett, placing her palm to it, causing everything to disappear. 
Chapter Twelve


Dance

There was a most intense white light, even brighter than the room they were in, and Scarlett was blind. She didn’t know exactly what she had done, but she knew it must have been pretty powerful and necessary if she had received it in a dream. A good dream, the kind that was full of Dyston, not a nightmare full of screaming and angels burning. 
She felt around and quickly realised that she had fallen on the floor. Did she pass out? She searched blindly, feeling in front of her. Until her fingertips came across something warm, she felt hair and skin. She groped and discovered that it was an arm. She moved her fingers to the right and found cool leather. Dyston? Dyston had been wearing a leather jacket. She kept moving her fingers up the arm until she met a shoulder, followed by a face, and then lips. She traced the lips with her thumb, and felt a warm breath caress it. And then she heard a moan escape from them.
“Scar,” grunted the voice, and she realised that it wasn’t coming from inside her head.
“Dyston?”
“Scar, what happened? Where are we?” he grabbed for her.
“I’m here. And I don’t know, I can’t see.” She took his hand.
“Me, either,” said another voice. They weren’t alone.
“Lakyn?” she tested
“Yeah.” He coughed weakly. “Come to me so I know where you are.”
“Are you hurt?”
“Yes.”
“No,” Dyston said at the same time. “I’m sure you’ll heal yourself.”
“How nice you are, little brother.”
“My pleasure, after how you treated Scarlett.”
“How—”
“Guys, please,” interrupted Scarlett, “no fighting over me.”
“What did you do? Do you know what that was?” said Lakyn. It sounded accusatory.
“Not really,” she told him. She could’ve lied, but she didn’t have the energy for it. “I just did what I was told to do.”
“Who told you? That was an Angel’s Ward, a very powerful protection insignia. You could’ve killed us!” growled Lakyn. That was the moment their sights came back to them.
“What the—” said Lakyn as he found his feet near the ladder that led to the first floor of the library.
“We’re back in the library,” Scarlett stated.
“How is that possible?” asked Dyston. He was sprawled out behind her, his back against the maple tree. Scarlett had her body half turned towards him and was still holding his hand.
“The ward must have transported us back to the Academy.”
“Next time, before you do something, look before you leap,” grumbled Lakyn, escaping through the wooden doors slamming them in his wake. Scarlett turned towards Dyston who met her eyes, two shades of brown. He brushed a stray hair from her face.
“Shall we go?” he asked.
“In a minute.” She leaned forward and pressed her lips against his.

Dyston refused to let his fingers be removed from Scarlett’s; he pulled her to him as soon as they were inside her bedroom.
“Dyston, I need to tell you something, stop for just a second, I’m not going anywhere,” she laughed, as he ran his fingertips through her sunrise-coloured hair.
“Sorry.” He pulled back just enough to look at her. “I feel as though you will.”
“Well, right now I’m not. This is important.” She stepped out of his embrace. Dyston just stared at her. He looked like a statue, a fierce angel.
“What is it?” he asked with his voice cautious.
“What I said back there in The Realm of Light…”
 “Yeah, I know. You don’t have to speak.”
“No, let me explain. Dyston, I…” She only realised that she was crying because her cheeks were damp. Dyston stepped forward and wiped them with the hem of his shirt.
“Don’t cry, please. As I said before, I’m selfish and everyone’s selfish, because we all want you for ourselves. So really, I’m just one of the greedy people. It’s probably why my wings have stayed black.” He spoke with almost no emotion. He truly was a statue.
“Dys…”
“No, don’t speak. If you don’t want to be with me, you could’ve just said so.” His finger remained on her lips, tasting salty, still coated in her tears.
“Get ready for the dance, it begins in half an hour,” he whispered. And then he left, lifting his cobalt wings through the bi-fold doors and into the stormy sky. There was a crack of thunder and flash of lightening, and then he was gone, leaving Scarlett alone with wet cheeks and her heart in her hands.
“But I do want to be with you,” she whispered, but there was no way he could have heard it. She shivered and closed the doors more forcibly than she intended. They rattled, mirroring how her body felt at that very moment. Scarlett then remembered the dance. She had seen posters around the Academy for days, but never engrossed herself in the information. With everything that had gone on the past few days, she hadn’t given it any thought. Dances, balls, and proms weren’t her thing. She never attended her high school’s formals or discos. The image only resurfaced now because of Dyston’s words.
“The dance starts in half an hour.”
She cursed. She didn’t have anything to wear. She hurried to her closet, but something metallic caught her eye over by the bed. She turned and saw an amazing gold and bronze sequinned gown that looked to be about knee-length. Accompanying it was a black lace-covered half-face mask and matching kitten heels. Scarlett recalled that the poster had also mentioned a theme—Masquerade. As she picked up the dress to admire it, something dropped to the carpet. She looked down and noticed a tarnished vintage gold locket no bigger than the home button on her iPhone. She quickly scooped it up and turned it over in her hand. Then out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a piece of paper hidden partially underneath the mask. 
She pulled it out and opened the note. It held familiar calligraphy. It read: “Wear this tonight and save me a dance - L.”
She felt cold all over. Lakyn had left this for her. The majority of her brain wanted to throw it away, but the less rational side of her brain wanted to wear it and dance with both brothers so she could tell them exactly how she felt. She showered quickly and dressed in the beautiful gown, leaving the locket to last. What was he thinking? She pushed the thought away as she slipped on her shoes and put on the mask. Scarlett then made her way to the dining hall turned ballroom for the dance of her life.

The ballroom was packed by the time she arrived. Scarlett pushed her way through the crowd until she saw a familiar face, several familiar faces to be exact. Even with masks on, her friends were unmistakable. Thomas and Delilah were dancing to an upbeat song and were joined at the waist, her arms around his neck, his on her hips. Emer waved at Scarlett, pecked Joshua on the cheek before making her way over.
“I’m so glad you’re back!” Emer threw her arms around Scarlett. “And safe. We were so worried.” She pouted and let Scarlett go. “You’ll have to fill us in eventually,” she added.
“I will, I promise. Where’s Kat?”
“Here I am,” said Kat, joining them. She wore a short red layered dress—Roaring Twenties style. Her hair was pulled up into a messy bun, held in place by two chopsticks, and her lips were painted cherry red. She also held a red metal mask in her hand. She looked stunning.
“Has Jacob seen you like that?” Scarlett smirked.
“Of course, I haven’t left him until now.” She looked over to where Jacob was standing. “Dyston just arrived.”
Scarlett followed her gaze to where he stood with Jacob near the stage, where a DJ was busy spinning records. Their heads were bent in close like they were having a secret conversation. She very much wanted to go over there and find out what they were talking about, but she didn’t move.
“Aren’t you going to dance with him?” asked Emer, adjusting her glittery pastel green dress that had ridden up.
“Um, no. Things aren’t good between us right now,” admitted Scarlett. She didn’t break her gaze from him.
“Oh, what happened? Did you guys have a fight?” asked Kat
“Yeah, my fault. I did something I very much regret.”
“Like what?” asked Emer, who was now fixing up her bleached blonde hair. It hung around her shoulders in loose ringlets. Scarlett gazed around but couldn’t see him anymore.
“I kissed Lakyn,” she finally said, half lying. She felt it was better if not everyone knew the whole truth. She didn’t want to seem promiscuous.
“Oh My Gosh!” exclaimed Emer.
“You kissed Lakyn? But why?” Kat said in a hushed voice, not that many could hear her over the throbbing bass.
“I needed him to take me to the Realm of Light to find Dyston. I did it for him,” she defended, still scanning the crowd for Dyston.
“Great. Now Lakyn probably thinks he’s in love with you. Jacob told me he’s a womaniser,” said Kat
“He can think whatever he wants. It doesn’t change the fact that I have feelings for Dyston and I cheated on him.” All of a sudden her voice sounded very loud, and all eyes had now turned to Scarlett. 
She awkwardly realised that the music had stopped. She glanced at Kat and Emer who were looking at something over Scarlett’s shoulder. She followed their gazes, and realised that Lakyn had been standing behind her. He and Dyston were dressed identically both in black. She knew this was Lakyn because ice blue peeked out from behind a black velvet mask.
“How long have you been there?” she asked.
“I see you got my gift. You look beautiful,” he told her, his eyes taking in every inch of her.
“I didn’t wear it for you.”
“I know. You’re wearing it for my brother. But guess what? He won’t dance with you.” He leaned in close so that she felt his hot breath on her face.
“I won’t dance with you if that’s what you’re asking.” She stepped back.
“You should stop pretending you’re saving yourself for him. We both know you’re not a virgin anymore,” he smirked, taking hold of her arm.
“Bastard. You know that it’s the biggest regret of my life, sleeping with you,” she spat. She tried to pull away, but his hold was tight.
“But you did it anyway. You sacrificed your virtue for the hope of saving your guardian angel. Poetic,” he chuckled
“Do not mock me. Let me go.” She pulled harder.
“You heard her, let her go,” said Dyston, who had just appeared beside her, his hard brown eyes not leaving his brother’s face.
“Oh, look, reinforcements have arrived,” joked Lakyn.
“Stop being an ass and let her go now, before I make a scene in front of the whole school.” Dyston’s words were fierce and cold. They chilled Scarlett to the bone. Lakyn finally dropped his hand, but his eyes never left Scarlett.
“Have a nice night,” he told her, and then he was gone. She turned to thank Dyston, but he was also gone. She looked over the sea of heads and spotted him retreating out the doors leading to the garden. Scarlett pushed her way through the gyrating bodies and ran after him.
“Dyston!” she called. He was standing on the stone steps that led down to the pergola. It was covered in twisting greyish-brown vines, its blossoms long dead for the winter. He had his back to her, and he didn’t turn as she approached. He just continued watching the array of fairy lights twinkling throughout the garden.
“Dyston?”
“You look stunning tonight. Did he buy you the locket, as well?”
“I found it with the dress. Look I know I shouldn’t have worn it, but I didn’t have anything else.”
“It’s all right. Did you really want to dance with him?”
“No, I wanted to dance with you. I was looking for you,” she whispered. That was when he looked at her.
“I had a duty to fulfil.”
“A duty? To who?”
“To the Academy. Look I have to go.” He unfurled his wings.
“Wait, can’t we just… I would like to dance.” She took him in, his pristine black suit with tails, his slicked-back dark hair, which was now starting to curl at the sides and over his forehead. He wore a black wire mask that held diamonds in either corner above his eyes. It made his chocolate irises stand out immensely. He was tall, dark, and mysterious.
He clenched and unclenched his jaw then let out a sigh. “All right, one dance.” He took her hand and led her to the pergola. Someone had hung a red Chinese lantern from the roof. It set a seductive mood. He held her close, his hands positioned in the traditional ballroom pose. Scarlett grabbed them and set them on her hips, putting her own around his neck.
“You’re pulling away from me,” she told him.
“You wanted me to.”
“No, I didn’t. I just felt we were moving a bit fast.”
“You didn’t move too fast for my brother,” he muttered under his breath, but Scarlett caught it.
“Look, that was a ploy, I had a plan. And I knew you were in denial over this,” she told him. He took his hands off her waist and put them on her face, his lips only millimetres from hers.
“I just wish that I could go back in time to before I had met you, so we could start over,” he whispered, his words felt like a punch in the gut.
“Maybe we can start over.”
“Yeah.” he let her go and walked to the entry of the pergola. “Maybe.” Then he took to the sky and never looked back.

Scarlett didn’t want to return to the ball. She felt soulless, like Dyston had ripped out her soul and had flown away with it. She wandered back up the steps towards the ballroom but didn’t go inside. Instead, she kept walking alongside the building until she came to a set of French doors. She heard a voice coming from inside. She pressed her ear up against the door and listened.
“Has production started?” asked the voice, which sounded a lot like Lakyn. There was a pause where someone on the other end spoke, and then Lakyn spoke again.
“But I need five thousand in a week.” Another pause. “Yes, just the tips. I have a way of getting the tears.”
Scarlett’s heart leapt into her throat. He was manufacturing Tear Tips.
“The Archangel? Yes, I have the girl. I can do it.”
Scarlett couldn’t believe her ears. He was planning to harvest tears from her. She peered into the room. It was dark apart from a desk lamp that cast a halo of light over Lakyn who sat with his feet on a desk.
“Tomorrow I will have her.” He hung up and looked in her direction. Scarlett threw herself against the wall, making herself as flat as possible. She felt his presence nearby and realised he must be at the glass. She inched back towards the ballroom doors hoping that she hadn’t been noticed.
Chapter Thirteen


Weapon

Scarlett had been having dreams the past few nights where she was in a pool and a dark figure kept swimming closer. She was now in desperate need of caffeine. She dressed in gym gear for her first class that morning, not bothering to shower. She made her way down to the dining hall, yawning all the way. Angels rarely slept or felt tired, but being Nephilim, the human blood that still lingered craved rest. She grabbed a bowl of warm, lumpy porridge, drizzled a decent amount of honey on it, grabbed a mug of good strong coffee, and walked to her seat.
“Mm. Coffee. Yes, please,” said Kat, after Jacob had handed her a mug. She looked worse for wear, her hair untamed, and she had no make-up on.
“Turbulent night in the bedroom?” asked Thomas, clearly amused. Kat just shot him a glare and continued to inhale the coffee her hands were wrapped around. Scarlett then noticed that Jacob was sitting at their table, one arm around Kat, the other holding his own cup of coffee. Scarlett gazed over at his usual spot at the Fourth Year table, hoping to find Dyston, but he was nowhere to be seen.
“Where’s Dyston?” Scarlett asked Jacob.
“I don’t know,” he said. “I was hoping you would.”
“I haven’t seen him since last night.”
“He wasn’t in his room this morning. Either that, or he didn’t feel like answering the door.”
That was strange, Scarlett thought, even with his usual reputation for being elusive. She replayed Lakyn’s words over and over in her head—the reason for not getting to sleep last night—and now they were eating her from the inside out. Knowledge was a very powerful weapon, especially if it could put everyone you loved in danger. She could no longer keep it to herself. She had to tell someone.
“I have to tell you guys something,” she finally said. Everyone’s eyes lifted to her.
“I overheard Lakyn talking to someone on the phone last night during the dance.”
“Where?” asked Thomas.
“What was he saying?” Emer asked whose hair was pristine this morning.
“I heard him say that he wanted five thousand Tear Tips made and shipped out by the end of the week.”
“Tear Tips? Are you sure?” Jacob asked, perking up at the mention of it.
“Yes, certain. We have about six days.”
“Now I understand why we had to have classes on a Saturday,” whined Emer.
“Maybe all the professors know, and they’re training us for the upcoming war,” said Delilah. She rarely said a word, but when she did, it was pure intellectual genius.
“It’s possible,” said Jacob.
“Can you tell Dyston?” Scarlett asked.
“I think he knows. I saw something about the Michaelites with his books, during Chronicle 101 on Friday,” said Jacob
“The Michaelites? What would he want with the Michaelites?” asked Kat.
“They’re human,” added Thomas, almost saying the word like it was poison in his mouth.
“Yes, they are human. In fact, they are the only remaining humans on this earth,” Jacob told them.
“How’d they stay that way? I thought all humans were wiped out after The Fall,” said Scarlett
“They live in a protected sanctuary and have somehow invented a ward to prevent angels from entering,” Jacob explained.
“Why would they want to do that?” asks Kat.
“I don’t know. To keep human blood pure I guess.”
“You said they were wiped out, the humans, what do you mean?” asked Emer. 
Jacob answered for her. “They weren’t wiped out, as in obliterated as you say. After the fall, angels bred with humans, and over time, as the angel bloodlines grew stronger, the human ones grew weaker, until they were almost non-existent. Except for the Michaelites, that is.”
The cathedral bells tolled signalling the start of classes for the day.
“If you want to learn more about the Michaelites, take Chronicle 101 next semester,” he told them as he stood. Kat joined him. “See you in combat,” he added with a smile and left. Scarlett wasn’t sure if he meant their first class, or the raging war that she knew was coming.

It felt good to let her frustrations out. Each hit of the punching bag was knocking away her worries like chisel to stone, but they still chewed at her brain, especially Jacob’s words. What he had said about Dyston wanting to know more about the Michaelites who kept themselves hidden for a reason—scared of angels or scared of being bred out, she didn’t know. Whatever Dyston wanted probably wasn’t good.
“Pretend that punching bag is your enemy,” yelled Jacob, who had taken over teaching duties since Lakyn was also M.I.A. 
Both Blackbell brothers missing. Was it a coincidence? Scarlett thought not. She didn’t believe in coincidences, only fate. She had to find out what Dyston wanted to know about the Michaelites, but she also had to stop Lakyn from manufacturing thousands of deadly angelic weapons. She wished she could split herself in two and do both, but she couldn’t. She had to choose one. And she knew which one she had to choose.
Scarlett trained until her muscles burned and then she hit the showers, letting the warm water cascade over her body as she contemplated walking into Lakyn’s factory and demanding him to stop. It would be easier said than done. After a few minutes, she turned off the water and grabbed her towel. As she dried, her vision began to blur. She thought it was water so she wiped her face with the towel, but it wouldn’t go away. Then she received a vision. She leaned against the wall and let it take over.

Dyston tagged closely behind a priest as they walked up the aisle towards the front of the church.
“Thank you for dropping the ward so that I could talk to you,” he said.
“It’s all right. As long as you mean us no harm, you are welcome here,” said the priest, lighting a candle.
“I don’t. I just wanted to ask you something.”
“Say what you have to say and leave us. We are busy people,” the priest told him.
“My brother is planning something, something dark. I wanted to ask if we could seek sanctuary within your wards if ever we needed it.”
“We don’t owe you anything, Nephilim,” said the elderly priest.
“I know, but I am asking if you could help us. You could stop a war.”
“There is forever a war brewing amongst your kind. We want no part in it.”
“All we ask is for a safe place to hide when the time comes, and in return, we will protect you.”
“What makes you different from those in the past who have tried to destroy us?”
“We are the good guys,” Dyston told him, and the elderly Michaelite priest hesitated, but eventually put his hand out for Dyston to take. The two shook hands—angel and man.
  The haze lifted and Scarlett could see again. A smile made its way to her lips. Dyston was trying to save them, and she knew she had to do the same.

Scarlett stepped off the tram at the Docklands and ran the rest of the way. She knew exactly where the factory was, but what she didn’t know was a way to stop the production. She was glad she had brought along Dyston’s dagger. She pulled it out now as she ran down the side of the factory to the side door. She crept through the unlocked door and into the dark. She knew this place very well, because her grandfather had worked here when she was an infant, and she had seen it on the news. It was a famous cigarette company, after all. She wondered if the news journalists would soon be reporting about something more sinister coming out of this building. 
Once inside, Scarlett kept close to the wall and listened for signs of life. She heard shouts somewhere ahead of her, but she couldn’t see a thing. She closed her eyes and called flame to her fingertips, creating an instant flashlight. She saw a metal staircase and decided to climb it so she could get a clearer view of the layout of the factory. She climbed the two flights of stairs to the top floor and looked around. There were offices to her left and a platform that looked over the factory floor to her right. Scarlett crouched down and duck-walked over to the platform railing so she could listen.
“What’s the count?” said one. He sounded familiar.
“Three thousand five hundred,” said another less familiar voice.
“Mr. Blackbell wants five thousand by Friday. Better getting cracking,” said Voice One. Scarlett remembered where she had heard him before. He was one of the angels who had kidnapped her, Abel. Then she heard more voices, this time closer.
“How do we immerse the Tear Tips once we get the Archangel tears?” asked a young Nephilim. Scarlett peered through the railing. He looked to be about seventeen or eighteen.
“The tips are dipped into a vat containing the tears. Now, we won’t have much, so try not to waste any, okay?” said an angel whose back was facing her. He turned a little and Scarlett recognised him immediately—Lakyn.
“How do you harvest the tears from the Archangel?” asked the boy.
“That information is not for you to know. Your job is just to coat the tips. Okay?” Lakyn told him, patting his shoulder, before heading towards the stairs. He was coming up, she realised. She needed to do something, and fast. So she ran towards the closest office. She pinned herself to the wall and waited. She heard his footsteps against the metal grate and thought he had gone past. She peeled herself off the wall and peered out and was met with ice blue eyes and a smirk.
“Perfect,” he said as he wrapped his arms around her, she froze and went along with it, hoping to get somewhere, but all she felt was a sharp prick in her neck.
“Lakyn, what…” she began, but then the world fell away from her.

“Scarlett, hold on,” he told her. She sighed
“Dyston, I knew you’d find me,” she muttered groggily. She opened her eyes and put her hand on his face.
“I promise I’ll get you out.”
“Out? What do you mean? I’m here with you, I’m safe.”
“You’re only safe in this dream. Out there, you’re not.”
“Dream? This can’t be a dream, you’re real,” she said as she pulled him close. They were on a bed in a blurry room, and they were the only ones whose features were clear.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“It’s okay, I forgive you.” And then he kissed her deeply. And his kiss sucked away the rest of the world, so they were the only ones left in existence. Her hands found his buttons and slowly undid them. He didn’t stop her, so she kept going. She felt his hands on her arms. They slid up and over her shoulders and down her bare back, she realised she was wearing nothing but a backless hospital gown. She felt his fingers on the ties and they loosened. She tugged his shirt off and her fingers found his hair. She tangled them in his dark locks, and then slid them down over his lean back. He moaned with pleasure and pulled her closer to him, so that they were now in a sitting position. Scarlett wrapped her legs around his waist and the gown fell off her shoulders. He took her in, every glorious inch of her.
“I love you,” he told her.
“I love you, too,” she gasped and kissed him again. If this were a dream, it was the best one yet, and she never wanted to wake up. She reached for his jeans button and unzipped his fly. He grinned and let her fall back on the bed. He kissed her again and allowed her to slip his jeans down with her toes. Scarlett forgot her indiscretion with Lakyn and replaced the memory with this one. This would be her first time. She pulled his hips closer. Just as they were about to connect, he sat up.
“Dys, what’s wrong?”
“He’s coming.” And then the dream cleared like fog, and she found herself strapped to a metal table in the centre of a white room.
“Welcome back” said Lakyn. “You must have been having a good dream,” he smirked. 
Scarlett’s cheeks flushed. “It’s none of your business.” She tried to move her hands, but they were covered in tubes and cords, and small mechanical beeps were coming from a machine somewhere. She gazed around. They were in a clinical room. She looked at the tubes coming out of her wrists. They were the dark red colour of her blood.
“What is this? Why are you taking my blood?”
“Shh, relax, Scarlett. This is for a good cause,” said a woman in scrubs. Scarlett could only see her pale yellow eyes.
“Unless you are taking it to help save someone, you have no permission to take my blood!”
“We need your blood to help all the other angels,” Lakyn told her. Scarlett could tell he was trying to be serious, but she could see straight through his facade.
“Liar. Dyston knows, so you better let me go,” Scarlett stated.
Lakyn laughed. “My brother cannot enter the Realm anymore.” 
Scarlett froze. Realm. They were in the angel equivalent to Purgatory. There was no escaping this time. And she didn’t have the strength to make another Angel protection ward. And Dyston couldn’t save her. She was stuck here. She was certain that this room and these faces would be the last thing she would ever see.
“All right, Scarlett, now I need you to cry.”
Cry? They were taking her tears, as well? She wasn’t going to let them. She squeezed her eyelids shut.
“She’s going to resist,” said the woman with the yellow eyes.
“Here, I’ll try,” said Lakyn. He leaned close. Scarlett could tell because she felt his breath on her face and smelt the pungent odour of cigarettes that always accompanied him.
“Scarlett, is there anything you want me to tell Dyston for you, because you won’t be going back to him.” Scarlett opened her eyes and stared at him.
“Come on, you must have something you want to say to him. Don’t you love him?”
Her eyes began to sting. No! She had to hold them back. She just had to. She wouldn’t be the one to ruin the world. Just one drop of her salty tears could kill many souls.
“This is going to kill him. Oh, how I’m really going to enjoy seeing him suffer. He’s so weak, my brother,” chuckled Lakyn. “Or maybe I’ll bring him in here and make him watch me torture you. Then I’ll pluck out each of his feathers one by one.”
“You evil son of a bitch!” screamed Scarlett. She wasn’t strong enough. He put her under again and stole from her the most powerful weapon in the universe.
Chapter Fourteen


Fight

Scarlett moved in and out of unconsciousness, her vision wavered and her hearing lulled like she was floating on the ocean. Up and down, in and out. In between waves, she picked out a few words from the conversation being had around her.
“I have the tears.” There was a pause, and then the same voice spoke again, it was female.
“I have some blood.”
Scarlett blinked and saw a blurred image, a white figure moving about the room. Was she still in the lab?
“There’s a problem,” said the woman, a little clearer this time, “she keeps replenishing it.”
The next thing Scarlett heard was a muffled male voice. It sounded like he was shouting.
“Drain her!” he said, sounding outraged. The male voice seemed familiar, but Scarlett was too weak and too drugged to recognize him. No! She cried, but the word didn’t escape her mind. She was stuck inside her own body, and she felt a desperate need to fight, to be free. She couldn’t die here, not here, not alone, not without Dyston. She had to see him one more time, even if it were in a dream.
She felt heat. It engulfed her body. She wanted to scream, but she realised she wasn’t in pain. It was her body that was causing the heat. It was her Trait! She clenched her fists and concentrated on the warmth, the energy it seemed to give her. It revitalised her. Her wrists felt freer. There was less tension there. Then she looked down and saw that no binds held her, so she lifted her arms, but was met with resistance. She felt hands wrap around her wrists. They tugged her arms back down. Then she felt another prick, a sudden sharp pain that faded into nothingness. Sleep followed soon after.

“Scarlett?” a voice echoed in the dark corners of her mind. It was coming closer. “Scarlett.” She recognized it immediately. She smiled and opened her eyes. Her vision was no longer blurred, and she could see his face as clear as day.
“Dys, you came back.”
“I never left.”
“He’s gone, you can stay now.” She snuggled into his chest. His body was warm and as familiar as her own. The scent of vanilla and rain flooded her nose. She inhaled and sighed.
“I wish I could get you out of there,” he told her.
“I wish you could too. I’m trying, I’m holding on like you told me to do.”
“Good. You’re stronger than you know. There is no one else in the universe that is as strong as you.”
“Sometimes I hate being a burden,” she sighed. Dyston suddenly gripped her chin in his hand and turned her face towards his.
“Don’t ever say that. You are not a burden. Not to me and not to anyone.”
“But sometimes I feel like killing myself just to end this. I’m the reason we’re even in this mess.” Scarlett said. His eyes turned stormy, which made Scarlett shudder. It scared her.
“Do not talk like that, you hear? Promise me you won’t ever think like that again.” He hugged her tight, his embrace desperate. “It is not your fault.”
“I promise,” she whispered. And then he kissed her. First feather-light, and then it grew hungry and needy. She was the first to break it.
“How’s everyone? Emer, Kat, Josh, Jacob?”
“They’re good. They miss you, especially Kat.” He chuckled.
“I’m sorry for just leaving like that.”
“No, you’re not.”
“Okay. I’m not.”
“If Lakyn brings the world down, you and I still have each other at the end of the day,” he told her, stroking her hair.
“Hey, the world is so much bigger than just you and I. I love you, but we have to help.”
“Okay. We’ll help without you running off again.”
“Promise,” she told him. Dyston traced kisses along her jaw line.
“Because I don’t know what I’d do without you.” He kissed her again, and this time her face became transparent.
“What’s happening?” she asked frantically.
“Someone’s interfering with this dream, trying to send you another one.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know, just let them. I’ll talk to you again soon,” he said, blinking in and out of focus like a mirage.
“Dys, don’t go.” She tried desperately to hold onto him, but it was too late, he was gone. And in his place stood Lakyn, but he wasn’t in this room. He was in the factory.
“Are they the tears?” asked his young apprentice. “Wow, they sparkle.”
“They do have a shimmery appearance,” said Lakyn, as he inserted the tear vial into a slot at the top of the machine. It was a small clamp above a large vat.
“Are the arrow heads ready, Aaron?”
“Yes. All five thousand of them.”
“Excellent, coating starts tomorrow. Now, for the blood.”
“What are you going to do with the blood, Sir?” asked Aaron.
“I’m going to send it away for testing so we can see exactly what Archangel blood can do,” Lakyn grinned. 
And then the dream faded, and Scarlett was left lying on a metal slab in the white room again.
The door swooshed open and in walked the woman with the yellow eyes.
“What’s happening now?” Scarlett asked.
“We just need to do a few more tests.”
“I think you’ve done enough tests,” said Scarlett, kicking out when the woman was close enough, her foot connecting with the woman’s stomach, causing her to stumble back.
“Stop fighting, Scarlett,” said another voice, another female. Scarlett recognised her as Ariel.
“Let me go, I’m not a lab rat.”
“No, you’re a unique specimen, and that’s why we want you to stay here with us.”
That was it. That was the whole purpose of being brought here. She knew Ariel had ulterior motives, but Scarlett refused to become a lab experiment.
“I’d rather die,” said Scarlett, throwing a ball of flame towards Ariel’s face, singeing her. Ariel screamed.
“Then die, you will,” growled Ariel. She stood up straight after recovering slightly from being burned and grabbed a syringe off a nearby table. Scarlett saw skin peeling away from her face where she had burnt her. She could see the bone. It made her feel nauseous. Then Ariel plunged the syringe full of bright green liquid into Scarlett’s arm. She stopped fighting.

Wack! A snowball hit Dyston square in the face. It caught him off guard and he fell back into the soft snow. Another assaulted him in the chest.
“Hey, you shouldn’t kick someone while they’re down,” he chuckled.
“Sorry, do you surrender?” Scarlett asked him, appearing from behind the tree that had acted as her fort.
“Yes, yes, I surrender,” he said as he put his arms up.
“Good.” She ran over and flopped down in the snow beside him. “So when did you first know that you had to look after me?” she asked as she gazed at him. Dyston looked so deadly, dark, and beautiful against the white powder. She reached out and touched her fingertips to his. They were perfect snow angels.
“When I was eighteen, I began having dreams.”
“Who sent them to you?”
“I still don’t know.”
“Were they dreams like mine?”
“Yeah, a flash of colour here, a smell there, and not always at night.”
“That’s more intense than what you sent me.”
“That’s because I’m not a very powerful angel. I think these dreams were sent to me by an angel much higher up.”
“Like an Archangel?” Scarlett asked, getting up on her elbow.
“Yeah, could be. I’ve been beginning to put the pieces together.”
“You mean to say, that more has happened than just the dreams?”
“Yeah. I’ve received numerous mysterious notes and items, and no one has claimed giving them to me. So, who else could they be from?”
“Maybe you have a secret admirer,” Scarlett teased, shoving him playfully.
“Yeah, right,” he replied, leaning over to kiss her. Scarlett giggled. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him back so passionately that she felt they would melt the snow. After a few seconds, she released him.
“We better get back,” he said. She got to her feet with Dyston’s help, and together, they brushed the snow off their coats.
“Yeah, before your secret admirer comes looking for you,” Scarlett teased.
“Ha ha!” He shoved her playfully and took flight. Scarlett followed him. She felt his wing tips graze hers, so she felt comforted at the fact that he was right beside her. 
Black and gold—a perfect match.

Scarlett blinked. She now felt the weakest she had felt since coming here. Another dream? Were they accidently giving her dream serum instead of a sedative? Her mind fought over the decision to wake up or to pretend to stay unconscious. If she woke up, they would just put her under again, and if she stayed under, then she could see Dyston. In the end, the former won out and she opened her eyes slowly. 
At the precise moment, Lakyn returned to the room, so she quickly shut them again, playing dead.
“Is she asleep or…”
“Her vitals are too strong. Her immune system is fighting off everything we put into her. I don’t think we can kill her,” said yellow eyes.
“But we have to do something. She’s just going to go back and tell him, and they’re going to prepare to fight.”
“Aren’t they going to do that regardless?”
“True, but my brother cannot find out what we’ve been up to.”
“Then how are we going to kill her?”
“I’ve been researching all the ways to kill an Archangel, and trust me, there aren’t many, and all of them are invasive,” said Lakyn, standing over Scarlett’s body.
“But she’s only half an Archangel, right?” asked the woman.
“Correct. Half Arch, half Nephilim.”
“Then gold will work.”
“I don’t have enough. Tear tips won’t work, because they are made from her own tears. Besides, can’t we just kill her using one of our gold bows?”
“No. We can only kill an Archangel using blessed gold. It has to be from the melted down chalice belonging to Michael the Archangel.”
“How am I supposed to get that?”
“You will soon find a way,” said the woman. She took off her surgical mask and grinned. While their backs were turned, Scarlett managed a look at her face. It was disfigured, her skin reptilian. She was a demon.
“But right now, we need to drain her again.”
No! She wanted to cry, but she didn’t dare make a sound. Scarlett quickly closed her eyes before the demon woman could see. The demonic woman stuck another catheter in Scarlett’s arm and drained what was left of her life force.
Chapter Fifteen


Descent

Someone was stroking her hair. Oh, please let it be Dyston, she thought, no one else but Dyston.
“Let her go, Lakyn. She’s as good as dead. No angel has survived this,” said a man with a gruff voice, whom Scarlett didn’t recognize. But Lakyn, Lakyn, was stroking her hair. Unbeknownst to them, Scarlett was listening to every word, because her soul was still intact.
“You don’t know how special she is,” whispered Lakyn.
“You are letting your feelings get in the way of our mission. Let her go, Lakyn. She’s dead.”
Lakyn stared at Scarlett’s lifeless body. She was as pale as if she were a photograph that the entire colour had been saturated out of. He scooped her up and carried her outside in his arms.
Underneath the Bridge of Wings was an abyss, a black hole that swirled like a soup of millions of distant galaxies. This was where Angels in The Beginning began their fall after receiving judgement. And this was where Lakyn would be sending Scarlett.
“See you back on earth.” He kissed her pale lips and let her slip from his arms into the sea of galaxies. He knew she wasn’t truly dead, he knew he would see her again. He knew he had to kick start the healing process. He needed her fit and healthy for the next part of his plan. That was why he kissed her. He had the gift of healing, which was ironic to the blood that flowed through his veins. Walking away from the void, Lakyn couldn’t help but feel like he had just thrown away the one thing he had been striving for most. Like a child who had saved up all his pocket money to buy that one thing he had always wanted, and now to have it literally slip through his fingers due to his foolishness… he shook his head and went inside. Who was he turning into?

When you are about to die your organs shut down one by one, and then your senses with your hearing being the last to go. That was why Scarlett had heard everything Lakyn, Abraham, and the Realm Technicians had said. She couldn’t feel his kiss, but she knew what he had done before he let her fall. That was why she could remember it vividly. His kiss had ignited something inside of her. It started at her heart, and began to spread throughout her entire body.
“No!” she screamed, but the words didn’t escape. She couldn’t think about Lakyn like that. Lakyn had tried to kill her. She loved Dyston. She could no longer live in denial. Lakyn had done something to her to awaken her, and now she was falling back down to Earth.

Scarlett didn’t feel like she was falling. There was none of that stomach-in-your-throat kind of feeling. She felt like she was floating in suspended animation, like she was floating in water, or like a baby in its mother’s womb. In reality, she was travelling towards Earth in a fireball faster than the speed of light. When she reached the earth’s atmosphere, her essence was entirely made up of fire and ice. She opened her eyes and saw the city of Melbourne below her. How did Lakyn know to send her in the right direction? She noticed Blackbell and realised she was falling way too fast—she was going to hit it. She tried to move and twist her body out of its path and all those she loved who were inside. But it was no use. She tried one last attempt to reach out to Dyston in prayer.
“Get everyone out. I’m falling. I can’t stop it.” She closed her eyes and hoped. Then she felt something itching on her back. It wasn’t the fire, she was made of fire. It was a different kind of burning. Something was growing out of her skin. Something was pulling and pinching the delicate skin on her back, and as she fell, Scarlett felt the unavoidable urge to push whatever it was out. Then something caught her eye. Like a piece of glass in the sun, the light it gave off blinding her. 
Then she felt them. The wind seemed to pick her up and to carry her higher. What was going on? She looked back and that’s when she saw them—her wings. She had wings! They were the most amazing shimmering gold she had ever laid her eyes upon, just like the wings she had in her dream with Dyston. They glittered against the red and orange of the fire, and then she hit the ground.

Scarlett was only aware of one thing after she landed—she was cooling down. She opened her eyes and managed to lift her head up. She was mortified at what she saw before her. There were crumpled buildings all around. Smoke, fire, and ash filled the air. It was all she could see, all she could taste, all she could feel. 
Was she in one of the Realms? She pushed her limbs off the ground. They were lying at odd angles, but she easily popped them back into place one by one. First her arms, followed by her legs, until she stood upright. She spread out her wings for balance and began walking down the debris- strewn street, looking for anything she might recognise, but she saw nothing. Everything looked the same in this new post-apocalyptic landscape. That was when she heard the screams. They were all around her. She looked up and saw wings. Angels everywhere were fleeing, leaving the destruction, which she had caused. 
And then Scarlett saw the one thing that stood out amongst the ashen ruins—a lone maple tree. Her heart leapt. Was that all that was left of her home? She heard a sound behind her, the crunch of someone’s boot on the ground. She turned cautiously, and came face to face with the one whom she had been longing for the most. Her ears were ringing, and she tried to speak over the high-pitched sound penetrating her brain.
“Dyston,” she uttered, her voice coming out hoarse. She moved shakily towards him, still getting used to her body. It felt like lead, and it couldn’t hold her, so she fell again. But this time she didn’t hit the ground. This time she was surrounded by softness and the smell of rain. She was finally in his arms.
“Did you do this?” he asked, he didn’t sound angry though. She looked up at his face and the high-pitched screeching sound stopped.
“I… I don’t know,” she stuttered. He then smiled at her.
“What?” she asked in curiosity.
“You’re naked,” he smirked. He stood her up again and tugged off his white-buttoned shirt, which he slipped over her head. Then he lifted her off the ground. She felt no shame.
“What happened?” she asked as he carried her above the smoke and embers.
“I’ll tell you soon. And tuck in your wings. They’re beautiful, but no one has ever seen wings like yours before. They’ll stare.” As they flew, the soft flap of his magnificent black wings made her eyelids droop.
“Rest, I’ll wake you when we’re there.”
She wanted to ask where there was, but sleep was already taking her.

When Scarlett awoke, she no longer felt drowsy, but instead, she felt brand new. She sat up and expected her head to pound but it didn’t. She was in a soft white bed in a small room with latte coloured walls that looked like a dormitory. There was another bed in the room, but it looked like it hadn’t held an occupant in quite some time. She swung her legs over the side just as the door opened. It was Dyston and a man in white and gold robes, whom she didn’t know, following him.
“Scarlett, this is Father Luke. He specialises in angelic healing. He’s here to help you.”
“Where are we?” she asked, her voice still hoarse.
“We’re at The Gabriel Academy in Sydney,” said Father Luke. Scarlett had seen photos of Gabriel. Like Blackbell, it too was attached to a Cathedral, this one St. Mary’s.
“But why? Why did we leave Melbourne?”
Dyston looked at Father Luke, and then back at Scarlett. He came and sat down beside her on the bed and placed his hand on hers.
“Scar, we left because Melbourne doesn’t exist anymore.”
“What do you mean?”
“Don’t you remember?”
“Sorry, my memories are a little rusty.”
“Well, it burnt to the ground.” Then everything came flooding back, the realisation was like a train hitting her at full speed. The smoke, the fire, and the ash in the air after she had landed could only mean one thing.
“I caused this? I turned the city to ash?” Scarlett asked. She felt nauseous.
“Yes, it was caused by your fall.”
“But Blackbell… everyone…”
“Blackbell Academy is gone. But everyone made it out, they’re okay.”
Scarlett’s heart sank. She wanted to scream and curse and rip something to pieces. Her home was gone because of her. No, not her. Lakyn. If Lakyn hadn’t been so selfish and taken her for his own evil purposes, then she wouldn’t have fallen, and Melbourne and Blackbell would still be standing. The door burst open and Emer and Joshua spilled in.
“Dyston,” gasped Joshua.
“What is it?” asked Dyston, gesturing at Scarlett, hinting that he was busy.
“I didn’t believe it when Dyston said he found you in the ash. I’m glad you’re okay,” Emer told her.
“Was there an urgent problem?” asked Dyston.
“Oh, yeah, we just came to tell you that they’re outside.”
“Who’s outside?”
“Lakyn and his army.”
Chapter Sixteen


Battle

Everyone ran to nearest window, but Scarlett couldn’t see anyone behind the laneway of trees in Hyde Park.
“Are you sure they’re outside, Emer?” Dyston asked.
“Yeah, Jacob and Kat were going for a romantic fly over the harbour when they saw them.”
“I can’t see anything,” said Scarlett.
“They’re hiding, waiting for the perfect moment to ambush,” said Father Luke.
“Maybe I could go and reason with Lakyn,” Scarlett said suddenly. Everyone turned to look at her like she was crazy.
“No!” cried Emer.
“There is no reasoning with Lakyn, his heart is like ice,” said Dyston. “Plus, you are not going anywhere until you’re healed.”
“I am healed. I’m fine, Dyston,” she told him. “I feel great.”
‘Scar, your limbs were broken. You had your blood drained.”
How did he know that?
“I know, but honestly, I feel brand new, and my limbs are fine, see?” She swung her arms and legs out one at a time to demonstrate. Everyone gasped.
“Impossible,” said Father Luke, making the sign of the cross.
“But…” began Emer.
“I don’t understand,” said Dyston. Only Joshua remained silent.
“When I was falling from the Realm of Light, my body began to repair itself, until I hit the ground. Then my limbs broke. But they were already healing.”
“Maybe that’s the blood of the Archangel,” said Joshua, who hadn’t spoken in a while.
“It is known that Archangels are a great deal stronger than Seraphim,” said Father Luke, “but not a lot is known about what their blood can do. We haven’t come across an Archangel in a while.”
“In a while?” asked Scarlett.
“Yes. It was documented.”
 Scarlett was intrigued. This could be the first big break in discovering her origins.
“And where are these records?” she asked.
“In The Michaelite Headquarters of course, but they are sacred.”
“Could you take me to them?” 
Father Luke was about to answer, but Dyston interrupted.
“Not now, we have to keep this Academy protected, we can’t leave.” 
There came a knock and the door opened, Jacob stood in the doorway.
“Dyston, I need you now.”
“Coming.” Dyston turned to Scarlett. “Stay with Emer. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“Where are you going?”
“Jacob and I have been researching Heavenly weapons. As it turns out, all of the books were written by your ancestors.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah, and all of the weapons were designed by mine. Now I know why I seem to have an affinity for Heavenly metals,” Dyston added.
“And that you’re good with your hands,” added Emer, this got a chuckle out of Dyston, but Joshua didn’t seem to approve.
“Sorry,” she told her boyfriend apologetically.
“Anyway, I’ll try and return as soon as soon as possible. Why don’t you guys go keep the other students calm and busy.” Dyston took Scarlet’s face in his hands and kissed her. “Stay safe,” he said, and then he pulled away and headed towards the door.
“Dys?”
“Yeah?” He stopped and turned to look at her.
“I love you.” That was the first time she had said the words awake.
“I love you, too,” he told her, holding her gaze one last time before he left. Scarlett turned back towards the window. She realised she was still wearing Dyston’s shirt. She never wanted to take it off. 
Joshua cleared his throat.
“Well, I better go find Thomas. I think he wanted a game of Texas Hold ‘em while we wait for instructions.”
“Okay, baby, you know where I’ll be,” said Emer. Joshua kissed her quickly and headed out the door, leaving the two girls alone.
“Now, I think we had better get you changed,” Emer told her, looking Scarlett up and down with her hand on her hip.
“No, I’m fine how I am.”
“Hun, you’re only wearing a shirt.”
“I know, but I like this shirt.”
“That’s because it’s Dyston’s shirt, and it’s filthy.”
“Fine, but I’m still keeping it.”
“Fine.” Emer produced some shopping bags and placed them on the bed.
“What is this?”
“Del and Kat went shopping for us. The rest of the Blackbell girls went too, since we lost all our clothes in the fire.”
“Where’d you get the money?”
“Insurance,” she shrugged.
“But—”
“Relax, Beth said we could. Now gimme that shirt, or do I need to pry it from your dead fingers?”
“Fine, I’m undressing.”

After showering and washing away the black ash that seemed to cling to every crevice of her body with the vanilla body scrub that Dyston had obviously left for her, Scarlett dressed in the clothes that Emer had laid out. Red skinny jeans, a black and white striped top, and paten black Doc Martens. And new underwear, of course, which Scarlett was going to strangle Emer for, because they were black and lacy and very small. She joined Emer in the hall, and the girls went to see what they boys were doing.
They found Joshua and Thomas in the dining room. It was much smaller than the one at Blackbell had been. There were eight rows of rectangular wooden tables, each seating six students. Josh and Thomas were at one near the window, which spread across the back wall and looked out over a small stony courtyard. They were playing cards quite competitively. They had been told to keep the other students calm. She didn’t know how they were going to do that. Surely they all knew what was happening outside. As Emer and Scarlett made their way towards the boys, Gabriel’s students stared at them warily. Some even had their mouths open in awe.
“What are they staring at?” whispered Scarlett.
“You,” replied Emer. When Scarlett didn’t say anything, she added, “They know you’re the Legend and that you’ve come to save them.”
“But I don’t know how to do that.”
“That’s what Dyston and Jacob are trying to find out.” They sat at the next table down from Thomas and Joshua, and Scarlett looked back at the students of Gabriel. Each of them wore a different piece of pine green clothing—their school colour. She tried to give them an encouraging smile, but failed. Would that mean she would also fail in her task of being their role model and their saviour? Whatever she did, Scarlett had to stay brave, even if it were a facade.
Their peaceful solace was soon broken when shouting could be heard from outside. The doors burst open and Delilah ran in, tears streaming down her face.
“Come quick,” she sobbed.
“Del? What’s wrong?” asked Thomas, standing up.
“It’s Kat. She surrendered.”
Everyone followed Delilah to the foyer, but they all stopped before the doors that led outside. Scarlett peered out, and sure enough, there stood Kat, surrounded by Lucifite Warriors and their deadly angelic weapons, which Scarlett had a hand in creating. Kat stepped forward.
“Kat, don’t do this,” pleaded Jacob, who stood a few paces behind her.
“I surrender,” she said in a clear strong voice.
“We don’t want you, Katherine, we want your red-headed friend,” said Abraham.
“That’s why I’m here, to negotiate a trade. Me, for the freedom of my friends.”
“No!” cried Scarlett. She ran forward and stood beside her friend. “You don’t have to do this.”
“Yes, I do, Scarlett.”
“You can have me! Take me!” Scarlett offered, stepping in front of Kat towards the Lucifite Army. If she could cry, she would have, but Scarlett no longer had any tears, they had stolen them. And now they were about to steal something else dear to her.
“Unfortunately, it doesn’t work that way. We don’t negotiate.” 
It all happened in the space of a second. Dyston grabbed onto Scarlett and pushed her out of the way, and Kat stepped forward into the line of fire. Someone released the first Tear Tip. Scarlett looked for the shooter and saw nothing but ice blue eyes. But Lakyn hadn’t pulled the bowstring. As the crowd receded, she heard him utter three words.
“Good job, Simon,” he said, patting the new man on the shoulder. Simon. Scarlett recognised that name from Lakyn’s email. Simon Frost was a Nephilim who had been missing for several weeks, according to news bulletins. He had just shot the arrowhead coated in Scarlett’s tears straight into Kat’s heart. 
The battle had begun.
Chapter Seventeen


Martyr

“No!” Jacob ran to her and caught Kat before she hit the ground. He met Lakyn’s eyes. He had stayed, watching like a sadistic serial killer coming back to the scene of his crime.
“Why?” he asked.
“She wanted this, she wanted to be the martyr,” said Lakyn. Then he turned and began walking towards his men, but Jacob’s voice kept him near.
“You can redeem yourself, you can heal her,” Jacob pleaded. Dyston put his hand on Scarlett’s shoulder. He stood behind her where she was kneeling in the dirt. She refused to take her eyes off her friend who lay dying.
“What’s done is done,” said Lakyn. “Put down your weapons,” he instructed, and his soldiers obeyed.
“This is not over,” sobbed Jacob.
“No, it’s not,” Lakyn smirked, and then took to the sky.
Kat moaned. It was the worst sound Scarlett had ever heard. She wanted to do something, but she couldn’t move. It was all her fault.
“Shh. Don’t move. It’ll be over soon.” Jacob stroked her hair, his tears blended with her blood.
“Ja-cob,” she choked.
“Don’t speak.” Jacob kissed her head, and then lifted her and carried her inside.
“Bring her this way,” said Professor Anna. Father Luke led Jacob and the rest of the students down a corridor and into an open, white room that smelled of bleach and other chemicals.
“Can you heal her?” Jacob asked.
“Tear Tip injuries are quite serious. I will do my best,” Father Luke told them. Scarlett had managed to follow, but she was still in shock. She felt a familiar touch against her hand.
“I don’t know what I’ll do if she dies.”
“Her soul will go back to The Realm of Fire, you know that.”
“I know but…”
“Can I please have some space to work on this young Nephilim?” asked Father Luke.
“Come on,” said Dyston, tugging lightly on Scarlett’s hand.
“No, I can’t leave her.”
“Jacob will be with her.” 
Scarlett reluctantly let Dyston take her away from the horrible scene in front of them, leaving Jacob and Father Luke to stay with Kat.

“It’s not your fault,” said Dyston once they were back in the corridor.
“It is. It’s all my fault.”
“Please don’t burden yourself with this. It’s a heavy weight to bear.”
“What do you know about burdens?” she snapped, and quickly regretted it. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I know, because I’ve lived with one all my life,” he told her. She met his eyes. Scarlett knew that Dyston struggled with his decision every day. He had rebelled and fallen for her, and in return, his wings were made black. He’d been made a reject of The Realms ever since. But that was only the tip of the iceberg. There was still a lot more that Scarlett didn’t know about him. She was so consumed in her thoughts that she hadn’t realised that Dyston had led her back to her guest room. He opened the door and locked it once they were inside.
“What are we doing?” she asked curiously.
“We haven’t been alone since… well, a while.” He took off his black trench coat and hung it over the back of a chair. Scarlett never wore a jacket because her temperature ran hotter than everyone else’s. She fumbled with the gold locket around her neck, the only thing that she had left from Blackbell. Dyston walked forward and grabbed her hands and placed them on his chest.
“It is not your fault.”
“You don’t understand what they did to me. It is my fault.”
“What do you mean, what they did to you?”
“When I was taken to the Realm, they…” She swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat.
“You can tell me,” he said, stroking her hair.
“They drained me of my blood, and they tried to kill me.”
“I know, but who did this?”
“A demon. She was working for Lakyn.” Dyston clenched and unclenched his jaw. She could tell he was holding back his anger for her.
“Did they say what they wanted it for?”
“No, just that my blood has different properties.” She could still feel that he was tense. She reached out to put a hand on his face, but he flinched from her touch. “Dyston?”
“I’m going to stop them. I’ll get your blood back,” he said.
“You can’t get my blood back. Don’t worry, I have more.”
“No, you don’t understand. They’re going to exploit you, poke you, and prod you like a lab rat.”
“They’ve already done that, Dyston.”
“Well, I’m going to put an end to it.”
“Okay, but not right this second. Stay,” she whispered, and stepped closer to him. “You said we haven’t been alone, so let’s just be alone.” Dyston leaned his forehead against hers and inhaled her scent. She smelled of incense, she was intoxicating. Scarlett stood on her tippy-toes and pressed her lips to his, and he relaxed. As each second ticked on, their passion grew fiercer. She pushed him towards the bed.
“Do you really want this? Right now?” he asked
“Yes, I’ve never wanted anything more in my life.” She began unbuttoning his shirt.
“We should wait,” he said, in between kisses.
“For when? The world to burn or freeze over? I don’t want to wait. Now is the perfect time,” she told him, pushing him down on the bed.
“You’re right. We don’t know which moment will be our last. And until then, I want to spend each and every one of those moments with you.” He took her in his arms and held her close so that he could feel her heat. His hands slid under her top, and she let him remove it. They kicked off their shoes and rolled over. It was a small bed, a single, so Scarlett hit the wall when they rolled. She began laughing.
“Ouch.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yes, I wish the bed was bigger.”
“I think that it’s fine, but tonight, I can push the other bed over so they’re together.”
“Tonight? You’re not staying.” She giggled as he kissed her neck. “You aren’t allowed.”
“Rules are only there to be broken.”
“Rebel,” she said against his lips, as he drew her up with him into a sitting position.
“That’s what I am, a rebel with a cause.” Scarlett gasped as Dyston’s fingers found her bra strap. At least he didn’t rip it like Lakyn… No! She would not compare one brother to the other. They were completely different.
“Black lace. Who’s the rebel now?” he asked, raising an eyebrow as he laid her back against the bed. Blood rushed to her face and she felt herself start to burn.
“Oh, no.”
“What’s wrong?”
“It’s starting. I’m burning.”
“Not for long.” He ran his hands over her body, and she immediately began to cool.
“Thanks.” She shivered as he tugged off her jeans. “I’m glad I have you, you know.”
“Yeah, you’d be dead if it weren’t for me.”
“Don’t get cocky, Dyston Blackbell.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” She kissed his lips to shut him up. And when their bodies connected, they were one. In sync, like the perfect duet.

She pulled away the white sheet that had been constricting her. They had been tangled together in the white cotton vine, but now she could breathe. She kissed his chest and stroked the lines of his lean abdomen with her finger. He sighed at her feather-light touch.
“I’m curious,” she said, after a few minutes of just stroking and staring.
“You explored every inch of me and you’re still curious?” he chuckled.
“Not about your body, silly, but about your Trait and that song.”
“What song?”
“The one you were singing in your room when you thought no one was listening, right before we met. The one you called Flame.”
“Oh, that one. It’s not actually a song, it’s just a melody.”
“I can’t get it out of my head.”
He smiled and kissed her again. “I wrote it for you.”
“I’ve never had someone write me a song before. I like it. Can you sing it to me?”
“Ah… I might need a bit more persuasion.”
“Okay.” She draped her leg over him and pulled herself up, so that she was sitting on him. “Is that enough persuasion for you?”
“Okay, that’s perfect,” he chuckled. Scarlett rolled off and lay back down beside him, her head resting in the crook of his elbow. He began humming.
With each note Scarlett grew even more in love with him, and this simple melody that he may or may not have composed, had become their song. They decided that, if ever one of them were lost or separated, they would only need to hum this song, and they would find each other.
“So about your Trait, when…” A knock at the door interrupted Scarlett’s question.
“Who is it? We’re kind of busy here,” Dyston told the knocker. Emer poked her head in.
“I said—”
“Oh, sorry. Don’t worry, I won’t tell,” she said, a grin the size of the Sydney Harbour Bridge appeared on her face, and then disappeared just as quick.
“What is it, Emer?” asked Scarlett.
“Kat’s funeral is about to begin.”
Chapter Eighteen


Fire

Kat was dead.
She had died, and it was all her fault.
Scarlett felt numb and motionless. She sat there like a mannequin on the bed.
“Scar, come on.”
“She’s dead, Dyston. She’s dead, and they didn’t tell me. I should’ve been there.”
“I know, but Jacob wanted to be alone.”
‘Jacob alone’ were the words that flew around her brain, banging into the sides again and again, hurting her, accompanied by the words all my fault.
“Come on, we have to go,” he told her, passing her a black lace dress. She didn’t know where it had come from, but she put it on anyway over her black underwear. Today was the day for black— black clothes, black soul. She might as well have black wings like Dyston, just to add to it. That was how guilty she felt.

Scarlett let Dyston drag her through the building down to the chapel, but no one was there. That’s weird, she thought. Wasn’t there supposed to be a funeral? She soon found out that the funeral was being held underground in the crypt. They stepped through a side door and made their way down dingy steps that smelt of mildew. Flickering candles were the only things that alerted Scarlett to the presence of others. They rounded a corner and entered a small sandstone room that was already crowded with Nephilim and one human priest. She saw her friends huddled together where some were crying while others were just standing sombrely. They formed a semi-circle around a stone table, and on it lay Kat wrapped in white silk. Scarlett felt the sudden urge to run to Kat and pull her off to swap places with her, but she stayed frozen. Jacob entered from a room opposite, and came to stand behind Kat’s head. Scarlett noticed that around his neck was a cord, and hanging from that cord, was a glass sphere. She glanced at Dyston.
“He’s going to collect her soul once everyone has gone,” he whispered. It made sense. Like everyone, an angel’s soul was precious and needed to be carried to its resting place. She always thought souls went to the Realm of Light, but she didn’t like that place anymore. To Scarlett, The Realm of Light was a place of torture, and she didn’t want Kat to go there. She wanted her soul to remain with Jacob where she’d be safe for eternity.
The room fell to silence. The only voice that could be heard was Father Luke’s.
“Katherine Cecilia James was named for her bravery at birth, and in death, she remained brave. May your passage to the final resting place be a safe one, our Heavenly sister.”
“Amen,” replied the congregation. Then Father Luke peeled back the white cloth and anointed Kat’s forehead with some type of oil before lowering the silk back over her face again. Kat looked peaceful as if she were sleeping. Scarlett wanted to think of it just like that… that she would be sleeping for a long time, like a princess in a fairy tale before her handsome prince came and woke her with a magical kiss. She hoped Jacob would be that prince.
After the ceremony, everyone filtered out and only Scarlett, Dyston, and Jacob remained with Kat. Two others also hovered just outside the doorway to the crypt, two guys, one that appeared to be in his late twenties to early thirties, and one that appeared to be in his teens. They must be Kat’s brothers, Scarlett thought. She wanted to say something to them.
“Jacob, I…” Scarlett didn’t know what to say to him she was at a loss for words. Should she apologise? She did feel guilty, but would Jacob accept it? Should she comfort him? Put her arms around him and embrace him? Or would he shrug her off? She felt helpless.
“It’s not your fault, Scarlett. Don’t blame yourself. Kat was too brave for her own good,” Jacob said with a sniffle. She realised he had been crying. He lifted back the white silk and began stroking her hair. That was when Scarlett noticed that Kat was wearing red lipstick, the same one she had worn to the Blackbell Masquerade Ball. But instead of a red dress, she wore a long white lacy gown that really did make her look like that fairy-tale princess. She figured either Emer or Delilah had dressed her like that and done her makeup, which was kind of them, she thought.
“I should’ve been there for her when she took her last breath,” Scarlett said, giving Dyston an accusing look.
“No, Dyston did the right thing by taking you away. You wouldn’t have wanted to see it. She suffered greatly.”
Jacob had just made her feel so much worse. It was as if a Tear Tip had punctured her heart, as well. Scarlett suddenly began to feel light-headed.
“Are you all right? Let’s get you some fresh air.” Dyston supported her arm and tried to lead her outside.
“No, I want to stay.”
“Go, I’ll be fine. Kat knew you were only trying to help her,” Jacob told her with a small smile. She felt better, but only a little. Dyston guided her back up the stairs, through the chapel, and into the setting sunlight. 
The breeze was crisp coming off the Harbour, as Scarlett made her to way to the edge. Gabriel Academy had its own boat jetty, and Scarlett walked out onto it and stood at the end.
“Everything’s falling apart,” she said to no one in particular.
“We did everything we could.” Dyston came to stand behind her, placing a hand on her lower back.
“If I’m meant to be so special, can’t I do more to help? The world is falling down because of me.”
“The world is falling down because there are dark forces out there that are selfish and greedy.”
“I still feel as if I’m standing here doing nothing, while there are people out there that are dying. I should’ve just given myself up like Kat, and ended this war.”
“Martyrdom is not the answer to ending a war. Look at what just happened.”
“Exactly, Kat died for nothing. Lakyn is still out there spreading his evil tendrils.”
“What if I said that I know his kryptonite?” said Dyston. Scarlett turned to look him at him.
“I asked him, and he said he didn’t have one.”
“He was lying, or was in denial. There’s only one thing that can hurt him.”
“And what is that?”
“It’s not so much of a what, but rather who. And they are the reason for how he is today.”

Later that night Jacob couldn’t sleep. He tossed and turned. It was his first night without Kat, and he had never felt lonelier. He had tried with all his might to harvest her soul, but for some reason, it hadn’t worked. He had done it for his parents, and even his grandparents, but for Kat, it was different. Something wasn’t right. Her soul just couldn’t be removed. 
He tried closing his eyes again, but as soon as he did, he saw a shadow leaning over Kat’s body. It was a dark hooded figure, and in its hand was a Soul Sphere. Jacob sat upright. Someone else was trying to take Kat’s soul. He jumped out of bed, and not bothering with a shirt or shoes, he ran to the crypt. Once he was inside the crypt, he saw him. The hooded figure was standing over Kat, poised to harvest a soul. Jacob unfurled his wings and stretched them out, and then he pulled a dagger from a sheath at his waist.
“Step away from her, and you won’t get hurt,” Jacob said as he held the silver dagger out in front of him. The figure growled, and it was then that Jacob noticed his eyes… they glowed red.
“You heard me, step back!” Jacob lunged, but the shadow lunged back, grabbing at his arms. Jacob twisted out of the way and lashed out with his dagger, slicing the demon’s back. Black smoke escaped from the wound and the demon hissed.
“He said you would be protecting it,” the demon said. “But what he didn’t say was how easy you would be to kill.” The demon pulled a contraption out of his cloak and unfolded it. Jacob recognised it as a collapsible bow. He kicked out and knocked the bow from the demon’s hands before he even had a chance to assemble it.
“Go back to hell,” he told the demon. Then there was an unnatural scream as a funnel of black smoke poured out of the demon’s mouth, and the smoke disappeared through the door. The body that the demon had been occupying now fell to the floor. Jacob ran over to check if the man was okay, but it was too late, the demon had already taken its toll on this man’s life. He was dead. Jacob removed the man’s cloak and took his weapons. He had an arsenal of bows, daggers, and even Archangel blades hidden beneath his cloak. 
Then Jacob noticed sadly that this had been a working class Nephilim, he was still wearing his business suit. He closed the man’s eyes and tried to harvest his soul, but couldn’t. He didn’t have one. It had been removed when the demon had taken its place. He stood up and made his way to Kat. She was still untouched. He placed two fingers over her eyes and slid them down to her lips, and then he leaned forward and placed a kiss there.
“Sleep soundly, my princess,” he whispered, before leaving with the dead Nephilim over his shoulder.
It was dawn by the time Jacob had finished the funeral pier and set it alight. Once possessed, Nephilim needed to burn to return to ash. That was where the phrase ashes to ashes had come from.

Scarlett awoke suddenly when she sensed the heat of the fire. Heading to the balcony to see, she slid open the glass doors, and stepped out into the cool pre-dawn air. She watched as embers floated up towards the sky. Then she looked down and noticed Jacob standing next to the body of flame. Was he burning Kat without telling them? Jacob sensed her and looked up, and then back to the wall of fire. Scarlett made her way downstairs to join him.
“It’s not Kat,” he said, as if reading her thoughts.
“Who is it?”
“A Nephilim I found in the crypt. He was possessed by a demon.”
“A demon? What was he doing in the crypt?”
“Trying to harvest Kat’s soul.”
“Did he take it?”
“No, I couldn’t even take it.”
“Why not?”
“I’m not sure. I guess it’s still very much attached to her body.”
Neither spoke after that. They stood still, watching the body burn until a fire appeared in the sky behind them.
Chapter Nineteen


Legacy

When the sun had risen to mid-way in the sky later that morning, Dyston had woken her with a sweet kiss, and told her that they needed to pack. They were going to be leaving Gabriel. Scarlett didn’t want to leave so soon, even though it had been a week since she had fallen. They would be leaving Kat behind.
After packing what little she owned, Scarlett made her way down to the dining hall for breakfast, and found her friends at their usual table near the window. She made her way over and slid into the bench beside Dyston, who put an arm around her and slid a mug of a brown substance towards her. She realised it was coffee and inhaled deeply before taking a sip. It warmed her in an entirely different way than her Trait did.
“I don’t want to leave this place, it’s so pretty. I love Sydney,” said Emer, who was in her usual bubbly mood.
“And we have to leave Kat here. Beth said we can’t fly with her,” added Del.
“Where are we going?” asked Scarlett.
“We’re going to be making our way towards the Americas, to a branch of The Raphael Academy,” said Dyston.
“It’s a long flight, so we’re going to be stopping over somewhere in the South Pacific,” added Jacob. An excited chatter immediately followed from the surrounding tables.
“Wait, how are we going to get all the students there? Not all of us have our wings yet,” asked Scarlett.
“Those of us who do have wings will fly. The others will be flying in the private jet,” said Jacob.
“Why are we leaving Gabriel?” Scarlett turned towards Dyston.
“Because we need to keep our students safe. We don’t know if or when The Lucifites will return.”
“Why are we leaving Kat? Jacob told me that her soul hasn’t detached itself from her body yet.”
“It hasn’t, but she won’t be without protection. Gabriel has a good defence, so they will protect her.” When he noticed her expression, he added, “Don’t worry, we will be doing good by leaving. Gabriel has kindly offered to help rebuild Melbourne.” Scarlett met his eyes.
“Really? So we’re going to return to Melbourne?”
“No, ‘cause my parents turned down the offer. We’re going to begin a new life in North or South America.”
“But what about the other citizens of Melbourne?”
“Everyone has fled. In time, it will be rebuilt, but right now, it’s not safe to go there.”
“Why not?”
“Because Lakyn still makes his home there.”
“But I thought the city had been destroyed?”
“Most of it has, but The Lucifites have an underground lair somewhere.”
“Lair?” Scarlett raised her eyebrow at him.
“That’s what I call it anyway,” he chuckled.
“And how do you know about this ‘lair’?” she asked.
“Let’s just say that it’s family business to know these things.” 
Scarlett turned back to her coffee. She didn’t ask him any more about the secret underground lair. If he trusted her, he would tell her in time. Wouldn’t he?

After breakfast everyone headed back to their dorms to retrieve their bags before heading to the airport. As Dyston led her through the corridors, the sound of soft crying stopped them still. They paused and listened. It was coming from a nearby office. They peered in and saw Beth sitting at a desk and crying into her hands.
“Mum?” asked Dyston, stepping closer. She looked up and quickly wiped her face, as if to hide what she had been doing.
“Oh, sweetheart, I was going to come find you.”
“What’s wrong?” he asked. Beth glanced at Scarlett.
“I can go if this is a family matter?” suggested Scarlett.
“No it’s all right, Scarlett. You are more or less part of this family now.” She grabbed a tissue and dabbed her mascara tracks, then added, “Unfortunately.”
“Mum, what do you mean, ‘unfortunately’? What’s going on? And where’s Dad? I haven’t seen him around.”
“That’s what I have to talk to you about, Dyston. He’s gone.”
“What do you mean, gone?”
“I mean he’s left, along with your brother.”
“Oh, Mum, I…” he stepped closer and stroked her hair. “You still have me. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Thank you, sweetheart. Now go. You need to get going.”
“But…”
“Go, I’ll follow.” 
Scarlett took his hand and he reluctantly left his mother behind. As they made their way to their room, Scarlett understood what this now meant. It meant that Dyston’s father had joined forces with Lakyn and the Lucifites.

At the airport, there was a buzz of excited energy and a few tears. A few Blackbell students clung to Gabriel students in a farewell embrace, with each giving a promise to catch up in the near future. As they checked in the luggage, Scarlett turned to Dyston who seemed distant.
“So where do we fly from?” she asked excitedly.
“You are hopping on that plane,” he told her, taking her face in his hands.
“What, but I thought…”
“Your wings aren’t strong enough, since you just got them a week ago. Flying four straight hours… I can’t risk you growing weak.”
“I’m not weak, Dyston. I’m actually stronger than you.” She pushed his arms away and crossed hers over her body. “I wish you would stop trying to wrap me in cotton wool. I’m not a child.”
“I didn’t say you were a child… okay fine. You can fly with Jacob, and my mother and me. At the first sign of tiredness, you let me carry you.”
“Fine, but I’m stronger than you know.” She was getting tired of his overprotectiveness. She swore to herself that she would prove to him just how strong she was.
“Where’s Jacob?” Dyston asked his mother when she turned up.
“I don’t know, dear, I haven’t seen him,” she replied. He ran over to Emer and Delilah next.
“Have you seen Jacob?”
“He isn’t coming,” replied Thomas, who had just come back from the drink stand. He handed Delilah a Coke Zero. Dyston sighed and closed his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” Scarlett placed a hand on his arm.
“I knew he’d do this.”
“Do what?”
“Refuse to leave her behind.” 
Scarlett understood. Jacob had to be there for when Kat’s soul decided to detach itself from her body.
“Maybe he’ll join us later, when he’s ready.”
“You’re right. Hey, what’s that?” he asked, looking at a leather satchel Scarlett had just given Emer.
“I found it on my bed this morning, the note said to protect it.”
“Who’s it from?”
“I’m not sure. Father Luke, I presume. The note was unsigned.”
“What is it?”
“The legacy of my family.”

With the promise to protect the heavy tome on the plane, Emer took the satchel. Then Dyston and Scarlett left to go to their secret runway along with the other winged angels. The place they were heading was about a fifteen minute’s drive away. Scarlett stared out the window of the car and saw luxurious mansions sitting on the side of steep cliff faces. When the car slowed and they got out, Scarlett realised they were in a cemetery.
“What is this place?”
“This is Clovelly Cemetery. It’s one of the largest and oldest cemeteries in Australia.”
“But why are we here?”
“Did I mention that these statues, the ones depicting angels, aren’t really statues?”
Scarlett looked around at the numerous stone angels. There were a few with their wings folded half way, poised to fly, and one embracing a small child. But the one that really caught Scarlett’s attention, and chilled her to the core, was a statue of a tall angel holding a human. She couldn’t tell if the human was male or female, or what rank they were. They were leaning over and embracing each other, as close as if they were about to kiss. She felt it was symbolic of what their world had become today. Scarlett didn’t hear Dyston come up behind her.
“Sad, isn’t it?” he said.
“I think it’s romantic.”
“No, it’s sad. They were punished for falling in love.”
Scarlett suddenly realised what he meant. She followed him to the edge of the cliff.
“You mean like you were?” she asked. He didn’t answer. He just stared out to sea.
“You said the statues aren’t really statues. What are they?” She asked. He turned to meet her eyes.
“They are our fate, if we don’t follow the rules.” He unfurled his wings and the wind ruffled his feathers, wild and beautiful.
“But you said it yourself, that rules are only meant to be broken.” Again, he didn’t answer, instead he smirked and said, “Come on, now I need you to fly.”
Chapter Twenty


Rachael

“Was Lakyn always like that?” Scarlett asked as they flew above the clouds. It was peaceful up there. Dyston did little spirals and then flew under her upside-down so that he could see her face.
“Like what?”
“Cold.”
“No, not always. He was once a very caring person, when he was young.”
“What happened?”
“He had his heart broken.”
“By me?”
“No, this happened fifteen years ago. Her name was Rachael, and he was smitten.”

Fifteen Years Earlier

“Lakyn, wake up and get back to work,” yelled Zachariah as he slammed a book closed. Lakyn jumped.
“Sorry.” He shook his head as if to shake away a thought. He had been daydreaming again. He picked his pencil up from where it had fallen on his sketchbook, and stared at the image there, his drawing of a concept Archangel’s bow.
“I don’t pay you to fall asleep, Son.”
“I know.” Lakyn worked at his parent’s company, Blackbell Incorporated. They were blacksmiths and weaponry experts. The Blackbells had been making the celestial weapons forged from The Realm’s metals for centuries, and now it was Lakyn’s job to design them. He didn’t want to be an entrepreneur like his father. He wanted to be an artist. But when Zachariah saw his potential, his affinity for art, and a talent for drawing, he hired his son to be the Head of the design team. So each afternoon, day in and day out, Lakyn came here to his family’s warehouse, and sketched until his hand grew numb.
One Friday, he found himself bored of drawing swords and bows, so he flipped over a page in his book to a fresh clean one, and began to draw something entirely different—the face he hadn’t been able to get out of his head for weeks. It was a face that had been haunting his dreams—the girl with the white streak in her hair. He was dying to find out if she were real, and most importantly, to find out her name. But until that day came, he drew. He sketched her every day. He sketched until he had memorised every inch of her face by heart, from her mysterious grey eyes to her sweet but sad smile. He was already in love with her.
One day, out of the blue, Zachariah told him to deliver an order of Archangel blades and bows to Daylesford Convent. He didn’t know why his father had asked him to do it, or what a convent would want with angelic weapons, but he went anyway to please his father.
The convent stood on the crest of the botanical gardens, overlooking the town of Daylesford, Victoria and was an impressive nineteenth- century gothic mansion. Built in the 1860s, originally a grand home, it was then turned into a boarding school for girls. In the 1970s, the school closed, and the building underwent years of renovations, until it was opened again in 1991 as a gallery. But Lakyn was still confused as to why this place had ordered their weapons. He parked the black company truck and got out, breathing in the crisp air as he made his way to the arched entry. Just as he was about to knock, the double doors swung inwards with a creak.
“Hello?” His voice echoed, but there was no reply. He stepped inside and called out again, “Hello?”
“There’s no need to announce your presence again, I was coming.” The voice startled him. He spun around, and came face to face with her.
“You…”
“Sorry I scared you. This place can be creepy at times,” she said with a small smile. It was really her. It was the girl from his sketches, the girl from his dreams. But he couldn’t let her know that. He didn’t want to appear weird.
“I… uh, yeah, you scared me,” he covered himself and laughed.
“What can I do for you?” She was even more beautiful in real life, her eyes bigger and even more intriguing, and her hair was silkier than imagined. He cleared his throat.
“I um… I have an order from Blackbell Incorporated, twenty blades and bows?”
“Oh, yes, thank you. I’ll get Adam onto that.” She walked to a table in the hall and began dialling on the telephone, spinning the numbers around one by one. She then picked up the earpiece. Lakyn’s heart beat faster and his palms grew sweatier by the minute. Who was Adam?
“Adam? The weapons are here.” She paused to let him reply. When she spoke again, her voice had the sound of concern. “Where’s sister Bernadette?” She paused again. “Oh, okay. I guess I’ll have to entertain him then. Bye.” She hung up and looked at Lakyn.
“Sorry about that. My brother will be here soon.”
“Oh, Adam’s your brother?”
“Yes, and I’m Rachael. Welcome to Daylesford.”

“This is the chapel. Most of the things you see are from the original buildings,” Rachael said as she showed him around. But Lakyn didn’t really care about the surroundings. All he cared about was her. He couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“You’re staring, you know,” she said when they stood on the altar. A white stained-glass star with a golden centre shone down, surrounding them in a golden halo-like light.
“I uh… sorry. It’s just… sorry if I seem rude or forward. But I’ve seen your face before.”
“Really?” Rachael smiled. She felt herself perhaps being seduced by this stranger. “I must have one of those faces.”
He had to tell her. He simply had to. Now was his chance.
“I’ve sketched you.”
“What?”
“I’ve seen your face before. In my dreams.” He pulled a folded piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to her. She took it reluctantly, unfolding it.
“Oh, my gosh. Who are you?” she gasped.
“I’m Lakyn Blackbell. I’m Nephilim.” He waited for her reaction.
“Finally,” she breathed, “someone like me.”
“You mean, you’ve not met another Nephilim before?”
“Only my brother and my parents. But my parents are dead, so Adam and I have been the only ones. Until now.”
“You believed you were the only Nephilim? Man. You really need to get out more.”
“I know. But we’re not allowed to leave.” Rachael ascended three flights of stairs to the top floor. Lakyn followed. He wouldn’t be letting her out of his sight. There were three doors there, Rachael opened one on the left and entered a room. Lakyn loitered outside, unsure of whether to follow her in. The room looked like her bedroom.
“You can come in, Lakyn,” she said sweetly. He peered in and saw an airy room lit from two arched windows. A large round bed surrounded by green silk curtains was in the centre. Rachael sat by one of the windows. It had two glass panels pushed outwards and looked over the rooftops at the city beyond.
“Rachael…”
“Shh, don’t speak. I’ve never even met a boy, let alone another Nephilim, before.”
“You have your brother.”
“Yes, but a boy that I’m attracted to,” she corrected herself. Lakyn stepped closer.
“Are you attracted to me?” she whispered invitingly. Rachael slipped off the windowsill and moved towards him, her hands poised at his chest. Startlingly, the door burst open.
“Adam!” exclaimed Rachael.
“Step away from her.” Adam growled at Lakyn, drawing his blade.
“Adam, we were just talking. Put your blade away,” Rachael told him.
“Do you know who this is?” Adam demanded.
“Yes. He’s the nice young boy who brought us our weapons.”
“Not so. He’s deceived you. He’s a Lucifite.” Adam turned his Archangel blade towards Lakyn.
“That’s stupid,” scoffed Lakyn. “How could I be a Lucifite?”
“He’s a Blackbell, and they’re descended from Lucifer,” Adam insisted to Rachael.
“That’s just a rumour, it’s not true,” begged Lakyn.
“Adam, please, he won’t hurt me. Will you, Lakyn?” she smiled sweetly at him.
“Of course, I won’t,” declared Lakyn.
“Lies! They lie, demons,” spat Adam, drawing his blade to Lakyn’s heart.
“I think you have misunderstood,” muttered Lakyn, raising his hands in surrender.
“Leave now. Before I send you back to the realm from which you came,” growled Adam.
“All right, I’m leaving.” Lakyn slipped past Adam and left, glancing back to Rachael one last time.
Fleeing down the stairs and out though the front door, Lakyn heard a voice from above. It sounded soft but it echoed. He knew whose it was, he looked up and met Rachael’s gaze.
“I’m sorry. When might I see you again?”
“Sooner than you think,” replied Lakyn, and he smiled as he pointed towards the telephone near her. An encouraging slip of paper poked out from beneath it. Rachael smiled to herself. There was hope.
Chapter Twenty-One


Frozen

Present Day

Lakyn stood frozen still, before the ruins of the convent. He couldn’t believe his eyes. It was gone, her home. Leaving him wondering was she gone, too? He vowed then and there that he would end Scarlett’s life with his own hands. It was all Scarlett’s fault.
Trembling, he picked his way through the ruins. Everything was gone, only a smoking rubble remaining. The chapel, its wall of stained glass stood preserved. He ran to the chapel, ducking under a collapsed brick arch, and entered. It was miraculous. It must be the wards, he thought. Special magic suffused each piece of consecrated ground, but surprisingly, he could enter now. His boot crunched noisily on a broken piece of glass and she turned. He saw her at the very same time she saw him. Their eyes met.
“Rachael,” he whispered.
“Sorry. You must be confusing me with someone else,” the young woman spoke. Her face was familiar to him, yet different, but she seemed to be much younger in years, than thirty.
“I know you somehow. Your face,” said Lakyn.
“I must have one of those faces,” she said as she turned and walked swiftly out of the chapel. Lakyn experienced a freaky sense of déjà vu. Those were the same words that Rachael had once spoken to him. And this woman was so similar in looks. She must be related, he thought.
“If you’re not Rachael, then you must be related to her.”
“Sorry. I don’t know any Rachael. I have to go.” She started to run but Lakyn grabbed the girl’s sleeve. She gasped and looked into his eyes.
“I think you do know Rachael. You know this place. It was her home.”
“Sorry.” Without warning the girl spun round and delivered a roundhouse kick into Lakyn’s groin. As he crumpled in pain, she ran off.
“Definitely related,” he moaned, holding himself on the ground.

By the time Lakyn had arrived back at the factory, he observed that most of the rubble was now cleared and that a secure entry had been built over the door to the bunker where Lakyn and his army had made their underground home.
“Where have you been, son?” inquired his father as he walked to meet him at the foot of the stairs. The bunker, constructed entirely of steel, was dated to the mid 1900s. The Blackbell Family had constructed the factory above it soon after World War II.
“I had to check on something. But it’s gone.”
“You don’t have to pretend, Lakyn. I had you followed,” Zachariah said to him.
“Why’d you do that?” Lakyn’s injury was now healed. From a refreshment table, he grabbed a glass and poured himself a scotch.
“Because I knew what would be your weakness, the same as was your brother’s. Love ruins everything. It’s the obstacle on the path to the one true goal in life.”
“So that’s all Mum was to you? An obstacle?”
“Yes. And unfortunately, I realised that too late.”
“So, Dyston and I were mistakes?” Lakyn’s rage bubbled inside, rising near to boiling point.
“Of course not. You were all part of a grand scheme.”
“Yeah, whatever.” Lakyn, angrily taking his scotch, retreated into his room, slamming the door behind him. 

“Has Simon returned yet?” asked Zachariah of David.
“No,” he replied, adjusting his bandage between sips of his tea.
“I’ll have to send someone to see whether he has retrieved Katherine’s soul.”
“Miss James’s soul has not yet been harvested,” said Abraham, tending to the fire in its place. “And I would know.” 
“Then what happened to it?” pursued Zachariah glass halfway to his lips.
“Her soul is still attached to her body.”
“So she isn’t dead?”
“Leave her. She’s not worth it. It’s the Archangel spawn we want. In addition, Miss James’ body is heavily guarded by her boyfriend and the students of Gabriel.”
“Hmm, I feared he would become a problem.”
“Do you want us to deal with him?” asked another young recruit, named Peter.
“No. He is far too skilled with weapons, probably more so than any of us. Leave him. Grief will overcome him soon enough.”

Lakyn twisted a ring on his ring finger continually. The ring had once belonged to Rachael and he had never taken it off. In time, a knock came at the door.
“Go away,” he responded.
“It’s me, Lake.”
“Come in then.” The door opened and Lakyn’s long time friend and confidant David, stepped in.
“What’s going on?” David asked, concerned. “Ever since returning from Daylesford you’ve been, I don’t know… for lack of a better word, a zombie.”
“I’m fine, Dave.”
“I don’t think you are, Lake. Spill.” David sat at the edge of Lakyn’s cot and waited. Lakyn sighed and rolled over to face his friend.
“It’s gone.”
“Gone?”
“Yes, gone.”
“So there’s no trace?”
“Only smouldering ruins. But I saw someone there.”
“Someone at the site?”
“Not only someone, a girl about fifteen. She looked just like Rachael.”
“Hmm, I thought this would be about Rachael.” He paused. “You haven’t gotten over her, have you?”
“I loved her, David.”
“So this girl in the ruins, Was it her?”
“How could it be?” he muttered in confusion. “How could Rachael still be fifteen years old?” He paused, “unless this is her ghost?”
“It’s a relative perhaps. What was she doing?”
“Staring at the star.”
“The star?”
“Yeah, a stained- glass star in the chapel. Every star I see now reminds me of her.”
“You really are a romantic,” David joked, shoving Lakyn. Lakyn shoved him back.
“Shut up. And don’t tell my father,” he laughed, but only half meaning his words.
He and David had always been close. They had grown up and gone through the Academy together. They knew each other’s strengths and weaknesses, and were there when each received his Tasks and gained his Traits. They always had each other’s backs.

Fourteen Years Earlier

“Fix it!”
“I…”
“Fix it!” screamed his boss. It was David’s first week as an apprentice chef in the biggest hotel in the city, and he was over it. He couldn’t see what he was doing wrong, and his boss seemed to have it in for him. He would have preferred an apprenticeship in Lakyn’s family’s business, but with both his parents being chefs, he had to follow in their footsteps—all young Nephilim had to. David obediently picked up the fish dish that apparently hadn’t been cooked properly and returned the fish to the grill. As he watched the white flesh sizzle in the surrounding juices, the kitchen door flung open suddenly, but he assumed it was one of the cooks and didn’t pay much attention. Not until he heard his name spoken and felt a tap on his shoulder.
“Dave, I need your help.” It was Lakyn, and it looked like he had been running.
“Lake, what’s going on? You aren’t supposed to be in here. My boss will have a fit,” said David.
“He’s out there talking to my father, something urgent,” breathed Lakyn, still trying to catch his breath.
“What’s wrong?”
“She’s here!” he burst.
“Who?”
“The girl I told you about. You know, the one I’d been sketching though haven’t seen in six months.”
“How could I forget?” sneered David with sarcasm.
“Please! I need you to make me a Crème Brule. Girls love them.”
“But how do you know this girl actually does? She could be a different kind of girl.”
“She’s in a league of her own,” said Lakyn dreamily. He drifted on a romantic sea whenever he spoke of Rachael, but here reality quickly snapped him back. “Will you do this one thing for me?”
“And what will you do for me?” David retorted.
“I’ll take you to the factory to try out some of the prototypes.”
Pleased, David smiled. “You have a deal.”

Lakyn’s father was holding a private function to stimulate interest for their family company. Lakyn entered the crowded ballroom.
“Here’s my eldest. Lakyn, come over here and meet these fine people,” said Zachariah, reaching out his hand to present him. He couldn’t disappoint his father.
“Hello,” he said, nodding politely to a middle-aged couple before him. The man with light grey hair and sapphire blue eyes was wearing a top hat, while the woman wore a gold long-sleeved gown and her hair was strawberry blonde.
“Lakyn, this is Joseph and Mary Porter. They have a granddaughter just a little younger than Dyston. And Joseph here is going to be working at the company.”
“That’s nice.” Lakyn was bored. His one concern was elsewhere—finding Rachael for their secret date. His father bragged.
“Lakyn is Head of Design. He’s a brilliant sketch artist, aren’t you, son?”
“I’m not all that good, but apparently, my father likes my work enough to keep me on,” he joked.
“I would love to see the finished products some time,” said Joseph. “I’m fascinated by the weapons you create. They’re pure genius.” Lakyn in honesty believed he wasn’t that great, but he thanked his admirer anyway and excused himself. 
Then, as he pushed away, he spotted Rachael through the crowd. She appeared bored, also. This was his cue to rescue her. He snuck up behind her and swooped her away.
“What the…” she cried, startled, as he led her through more doors until they were alone.
“Lakyn, what’s going on?”
“I’m rescuing you,” he told her, acting as if what he did was completely normal. She smiled lovingly.
“Oh, thank you. Honestly, I didn’t know when I would be seeing you again. When I saw my brother’s invitation to this party with your family’s name… I just had to come.” She stepped closer to him. Her dark brown hair shone brightly, as did her silver dress under the lights. It accentuated the white streak in her hair. Lakyn wondered if the streak was dyed or natural.
“Shall we take a walk?”
“I’d love to,” she smiled and hooked her arm through his as he led her down the corridor.
Chapter Twenty-Two


Fate

Present Day

Lakyn was at a loss. With the convent destroyed, and no means of contact, he was beginning to think Rachael was lost forever. But strangely, something in the appearance of the mysterious young Nephilim girl at the convent ruins struck him as familiar. Could she be related to Rachael? He decided he had to find this girl again. She was the only possible link he had to Rachael.
Lakyn opened the door and ambled out of his room. David had left moments earlier to go hunting for dinner, though not before Lakyn had healed the arrow graze he had suffered.
“Lakyn, excellent. You’re up. Come look at the plans we devised,” said Zachariah, hunched over a table in the centre of the room and looking at a large sheet of paper. Abel, Abraham, and Peter were crowded around him.
“Tell me later,” Lakyn grumbled. “I’m going out.”
“Wait, son. What is with you lately? You haven’t been focused. Eyes on the prize, remember?” His father had risen from the table to stand beside his son. His hand came down heavily on Lakyn’s shoulder.
“I am focused… always have been. Right now, I have to do something.”
“Don’t go out alone, Lakyn. We have enemies, remember?”
“I’m fine, I’ll survive.” He shrugged away from his father and made his way towards the steps that led to the outside world. Zachariah didn’t bother to pursue the matter. He was at a loss with both of his sons, In fact, but more so with his eldest. Of the two, Lakyn had drifted the furthest off course.
“So… Jacob?” began Abel.
“Ah, yes. That’s where we were. Thanks for drawing me back. So I think Jacob’s next actions are rather predictable,” said Zachariah. Abel grinned in agreement.
“Predictable? Why?” asked Abraham.
“Love makes one do crazy things, but they are predictable things.”
“Ahh, yes. As in those sappy female films that are all are so cliché,” inserted Peter. Everyone turned to look at him.
“What? I’ve had girlfriends.”
“Back on track. Now all we have to do is wait,” said Zachariah, refilling his scotch glass.

Lakyn flew effortlessly out of the city. He couldn’t help but think of her and what the second occasion of their meeting had meant to him. Somehow, he knew for sure she was alive. He could feel it.

Fourteen Years Earlier

“So has your brother eased up?” Lakyn asked as he and Rachael walked together through the corridors of the hotel.
“What do you mean?” she inquired.
“Well, he’s here, isn’t he? If he hated my family, then he wouldn’t be here.”
“You’re right,” she said. “I think he’s trying to find out if the rumours are true.”
“You don’t believe that, do you?”
“If I did believe them, I still wouldn’t care.” Stopping mid-way to their destination, Rachael moved closer to him. “And I wouldn’t do this…” She twisted her fingers through his shaggy dark hair and kissed him passionately. Lakyn lost his breath in his need for air that he couldn’t help but let go. He melted under her touch. They leaned back against the wall.
“I think… I think we should find a room, you know… in case.”
“In case someone finds us… my brother? You’re right,” she continued.
“Or my father. He considers love as weakness.”
“But what do you think?” she asked gently.
“It’s the strongest, most powerful thing in the universe.” Rachael smiled at him and took his hand. He smiled back as she led him to a room.
“I think… it’s this way,” he said.
“You know where the empty rooms are?” she asked, surprised.
“Well, no. But I do know where the room I booked is.”
“You booked us a room? So, you planned this, didn’t you?” She smirked.
“Well yes… kind of,” he smiled sheepishly.
“You truly are a devil.” She kissed him again as he took a card from his pocket to unlock the door. Rachael entered first. Surprise met her. In the centre of the room was a candle-lit meal for two.
“Oh, my. This is the most romantic thing I’ve ever known.” She turned to face him. He hadn’t taken his eyes off her. “The sweetest thing anyone has ever done for me.”
“You’re welcome. It’s the least I could do.”
“You are the sweetest guy ever. The angel of fate brought you to me,” she whispered as she kissed him again. She unzipped her glistening dress, letting it fall around her ankles. Lakyn’s blue eyes drank her in lovingly. Her slim legs and her hour-glass waist, her strapless black bra, her lips, and last, but not least, her glossy brown hair, almost the same shade at his.
“What’s wrong?” she laughed, catching his adoring expression.
“Sorry. It’s just that you’re the most beautiful creature I have ever seen.” He stepped forward and held her to him, their bodies touching. Lakyn felt her fingers at his shirt unbuttoning it. He kissed her neck tenderly, then picked her up and carried her to the bed.
“Your brother will kill me.” He worried as they lay tangled in the king-sized bed.
“Let him try.” Her lips defiantly pressed his but in time she sat up.
“Something wrong?” he inquired, sitting up behind her. His lips found her shoulder blade, drawing a soft moan from her lips.
“I’m starving.”
“Let’s eat then.” They dressed and sat down to the Crème Brule.

Present Day

Lakyn shook away the memory. It had been the first time they had truly been together, but also, the last time he had seen her. Hers was the sweetest of memories, but also, the one that hurt the most. So he kept it locked in the vault of his head, vowing never to draw it out… until now. He didn’t know why the memory now came spilling out, but he did know that something pulled him back to where it all began. His heart seemed clasped to a thread of gold, the other end of which was his fate.
Circling around the immense Crown Casino, he landed on the rooftop and entered the door leading to the building’s elevators. He made his way to the first floor and along the corridor, until he found the place he was looking for. Inserting the card in the slot surfaced another memory for him, but it was a dream, as if he were dreaming while wide-awake.

Fourteen Years Earlier

“This is amazing, Lakyn. Did you do this?”
“Nah. I can’t really cook. My friend David made it for us.”
“Tell him thank you.” She met his gaze and smiled... a smile that Lakyn returned.
“I will.” There was a knock at the door. Lakyn was about to call out that they were busy but the door had already burst open. Rachael jumped up to face the intruder.
“Adam! What are you doing here?”
“What do you mean? I should ask you the same question. What are you doing here with him?” 
Lakyn stood to support her. He tried to step between Rachael and Adam but she blocked him. Rachael muttered the truth of her heart.
“I love him,” she declared to her brother. But Adam only snickered.
“You can’t love him. You’re a mere sixteen. You don’t know yet what love is.”
“I know more of love than you do,” she retorted, eyes glaring.
“Yeah, sure you do,” evading her truth.
“You haven’t found love yet, Adam, because your heart is so hard. Love can’t penetrate it.”
“I don’t need love,” he defended. “Now step away from that demon and come with me,” he commanded.
“No!” Rachael moved her body in front of Lakyn’s in defiance.
“Very well. You don’t want to leave him now, then you never will,” Adam declared, opening his palm, from which a bright blue light emulated.
“Adam, please. No!” pleaded Rachael.
“You asked for this.” Adam pushed the light towards them, engulfing them.
Chapter Twenty-Three


Magic

Present Day

“Lakyn!”
Lakyn couldn’t believe what his eyes told him. It was really her, not the youthful Nephilim girl he remembered from the convent ruins.
“Rachael, how…?” Words failed him. All this time he had believed she was dead, and now she was in front of him, perfectly alive.
“Hello, Lakyn,” she smiled winningly.
“No! You can’t simply ‘hello’ me. What happened to you?” His feelings rushed wildly. Was he going to snap? She stood amazingly before him. “You disappear for fourteen years leaving not a trace and now you just turn up! And of all places, you appear in the very spot we spent our first night together?” he said in anguish. “I don’t understand.”
“Yes, indeed. This is the place where it all began.” Beautifully, she walked towards him. “I’m trying to fathom what has happened just as much as you.” 
Lakyn, at a loss, seated himself on the bed. He could hardly believe she was there with him.
“And what have you come up with?” he asked her.
“You remember what my brother did to us?”
“Yeah. How could I forget what Adam did? Being zapped with his bright… magic. I’ve never known anything like it.”
“Adam’s Trait is unique. He has the ability to wipe people’s memories clean and push them back in time, so they can start over.”
“And that’s what happened to us?” Lakyn wondered.
“I believe so, yes.” Rachael said. Lakyn pondered that for a moment, and then spoke.
“No wonder I couldn’t remember you, except in the past few days. And even then, it’s been in little flashes.”
“You’ve remembered because… I’ve been trying to find you.”
“You couldn’t have just come to me at the Academy?”
“No. I had to find you in your dreams,” she murmured tenderly, stepping towards him, “but it wasn’t successful though. Something blocked me.” She sat on the bed beside him.
“It wasn’t me, I swear. I’d never block you,” he assured her. Rachael smiled and moving closer to him, put her hands in his. Lakyn drew back warily however, and dropped them.
“But why now? Why so long?”
Rachael didn’t reply but stood up and began pacing backwards and forwards.
“Rachael?”
“It was for my daughter,” she declared to his amazement. “Okay? So it’s important.”
Daughter.
Lakyn’s head swam. Rachael has a daughter? Who’s the father? His thoughts tangled.
“You have… a daughter?” he asked in disbelief.
Rachael nodded. Slowly, Lakyn began to put the pieces together.
“That Nephilim girl in the ruins… that was her?”
She nodded again. “Yes. She’s been trying to help me remember.”
Lakyn stared at the wall opposite. He was beginning to see it all now. If the young Nephilim in the convent ruins was Rachael’s daughter, and she appeared to be fifteen or sixteen years of age, then she would have been conceived around…
“That’s the reason, isn’t it?” he burst out. “You’re seeking me out now, because she’s my daughter… isn’t she? It fits.”
Rachael slowly looked down at her sandals and then back up at him. “Yes, she is your daughter,” she affirmed, watching him tenderly. What seemed to be minutes passed.
“What’s her name?” He could barely whisper.
Rachael stepped towards him and sat back down on the bed. “Eden.” She met his eyes. “Lakyn, forgive me. I’m sorry for delaying this so long. But I only just remembered.”
“Remembered… what?”
“Who her father is. It’s her eyes, something clicked. They reminded me of you. It’s undeniable whose eyes they are.”
An image flashed before Lakyn: the young girl in the ruins looking earnestly at him when she reached and held his arm… her eyes the colour of a cloudless sky. In that moment he knew it was true.
“You said it was important for her sake, that you find me. Why?” he asked with puzzlement.
“She has begun to show a Trait, and it frightens me.”
“What is it?”
“Death.” Rachael’s voice barely came out as a whisper. “Her Trait is death.”
Chapter Twenty-Four


Renew

Fourteen Years Earlier

Rachael landed with a thump on a floor as hard as cement. She struggled slowly to her feet and gingerly rubbed her bottom as she took in her surroundings. Strangely, this floor wasn’t cement at all. It was linoleum, in fact... black and white-chequered. She was standing in a kitchen straight out of the nineteen-fifties. The cupboards were watermelon pink and the counter tops of mint green. She stooped over the sink to look through the window. Outside was an idyllic yard bounded by a white picket fence, and in the driveway stood a baby blue Chevy. And inspecting that baby blue Chevy was a dark-haired handsome young man in a white singlet and jeans. Rachael’s heart leaped to her throat.
Lakyn.
She had no recollection of how she arrived to the place, but she knew she liked it. She had always wanted to live in a cute little house in the suburbs. “Maybe my dream has come true,” she wondered. Walking out though the front door, she inhaled clean fresh air. Springtime had come and the birds chirped happily. Rachael pushed open a small gate and joined Lakyn on the driveway. He lifted his head upon hearing her and smiled warmly.
“Hey, babe,” he said. He kissed her lips, his hands on her swollen belly. In that same moment, Rachael realised in wonder that she was pregnant. But how could that be? They had been together mere minutes. And they had just risen from bed. She couldn’t possibly be this pregnant. And how could Lakyn have known?
“Are you feeling okay, babe? You seem worried. And you’re looking pale.” He put a hand to her forehead.
“What day is it?” she inquired. This was all so foreign to her.
“It’s Wednesday.”
“And what is the date?”
“The 29th of August. You sure you’re all right?”
“No. Not really.” Her legs felt weak. Lakyn, sensing this, helped her lean on the hood of his car. “How ever did we get here, Lake?”
Tenderly, he pushed a stray lock of hair back behind her ear. “We moved here so we could be together and raise a family. Because our families don’t approve of us.”
“What year is this?”
“1956. I’ll call a priest to check on you and the baby…”
“No, Lake. And something doesn’t add up. I don’t remember ever coming here. Although, I do remember Adam.”
“Adam? What’s this got to do with your brother?” Lakyn was puzzled.
“He has the ability to erase memories. Maybe he wiped ours. Because we shouldn’t be in 1956, but rather, we should be in 1998!”
“Why would he erase us? I know he hates my guts, but… I really don’t understand.” Nothing made sense to him.
“He sent us here to teach us a lesson. That’s the only explanation I can think of,” she offered.
“But us together? Why wouldn’t he just send me to The Realm of Ice since he considers me a demon?”
“Oh, you’re not a demon. I think I sent us back here, in keeping with my dream. I always wished I’d been born in this decade.”
“But angels rarely use time teleportation nowadays.”
“Well, maybe…” the sky darkened suddenly. Storm clouds rolling over stopped Rachael in her tracks. And there was Adam standing in front of them.
“Adam!”
“Wiping your memories clean was to teach you a lesson, but you obviously haven’t learned.” Adam fixed his cold glare on Lakyn.
“Yeah. Well, thank you for your generosity,” said Lakyn, his voice dripping in sarcasm.
“You two are too freaking in love for anything to matter. No matter what point in history I send you…”
Rachael interrupted him. “You didn’t send us… I took us!”
“What?” confusion covered his face, clear to Rachael and Lakyn.
“I have the time travel Trait,” she pouted.
“That’s true!” added Lakyn, wrapping his arm around her shoulders.
“So, I’ll have to try something else then.” Adam stepped forward with raised arms and held two fingertips above the foreheads of each.
“You know, your father was right all along, Blackbell,” he spat, fixing Lakyn in the eyes. “Love is weakness.” Then he touched them.
“Adam, what are you doing? No!” Rachael cried out as she realised what he was doing. Lakyn quickly gripped her hand, but to no avail. Instantly, when Adam’s fingers touched them, they were pulled apart by an invisible force. Catapulted through time, their memories disappearing with them.

Present day

“Death? As in…?”
“As in taking people’s lives, Lakyn.” Rachael began pacing the room. Lakyn got up and stopped her, taking her hands and holding them firm.
“Has she really taken lives?” he asked. Rachael didn’t answer. She paused by the window and gazed out over the skyline. “Rachael?”
“Sadly, yes. I travelled back in time in order to save them, but my Trait didn’t work.”
“With Adam’s help?”
“No. Lakyn, I did it on my own.” 
“You mean you…”
“Yes,” she paused. “It’s my Trait.”
“So, Adam has the memory wiping Trait and you have the time travelling one?” His voice carried sarcasm. But suddenly his eyes widened, and all the pieces fell into place. “So, it was you who jumped us back in time,” he stammered.
“Yes, although just to get away from him. Lake, I’m very sorry.” She turned to face him directly.
“What are you apologising for?” Lakyn moved towards her and pressed his lips against hers and her body against the windowpane. They kissed one another and it was as though it was the first time. Everything between them was restored, and the memories they had earlier lost were likewise renewed. Lakyn had healed her.
In that wondrous moment, Lakyn added, “You know… I think I can help her.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let’s just say there’s something different about my Trait.” The door opened and both their heads turned.
“You!” It was Eden. She stared fixedly at the stranger in the room. She pulled out her dagger.
“Eden, relax,” soothed Rachael. “This is just a friend of mine.”
“Sure.” she rebutted. “He’s the creep who grabbed me at the ruins of your old house.”
Rachael turned from Lakyn to her daughter. “Eden, I can explain.” 
Eden dumped her bag where she stood and crossed her arms defiantly. “Okay. Explain then.”
“I think you’d best sit,” Rachael beckoned.
“No. I’d rather stand.”
“Very well. This is Lakyn, and um…” she hesitated. “He’s not exactly a friend.”
“Oh, my God! You’re sleeping with him, aren’t you?” she exploded.
“Eden!” Rachael objected, seeking to explain.
“What?” she defended.
“No.” It was Lakyn who responded. “We’re not sleeping together.”
“Good.” replied Eden. “You would have to consult me before bringing boyfriends into the house, or apartment, or hotel room.” She was pacified now.
Lakyn chuckled. “Gosh. Who’s the parent and who’s the child here?” But Rachael shook her head at him and urged him to forget it.
“Listen, Eden, honey,” Rachael said earnestly. “You know how I couldn’t remember who your father was?”
“Yes…” The cogs began to turn in Eden’s head.
“Well, I remember now who it is.” Moments passed and then everything clicked into place. Eden’s eyes widened suddenly. “He’s my father?” she objected.
“Yes, he is Eden. He’s your father.”
“No!” Eden shrieked.
“Eden?”
Eden turned to Lakyn, trembling. “You’re Lakyn Blackbell. You can’t be my father!”
“Well, I’m sorry,” replied Lakyn gently, “but I am your father.”
Eden looked angrily from one to the other. Backing up towards the door, she grabbed her bag.
“Eden, where are you going?” Rachael asked, her pain filling her voice.
“Out!” Then she ran and slammed the door behind her.
“Don’t do anything reckless, please,” Rachael said as a last desperate prayer.
“She’ll be fine. She’s half of me, after all,” Lakyn, offered her.
“I hope she’ll be all right.” Rachael bowed her head and stared at their conjoined hands.
Lakyn lightened the mood. “Hey! Want to go back to the fifties? I miss that car, you know.” He smiled at her. 
“I think you loved that car more than you loved Eden and me,” she laughed.
“Never!” He too laughed and playfully kissed her mouth.
“I want to show you something, Lakyn. If only you could have been there at the time.”
“I wish so, too,” he added, kissing her again. And instantly they were transported back in time.
Epilogue



“Jacob? Jacob, wake up!”
Jacob stirred and opened his eyes. “Kat?” He sat up amazed, but her finger pressed against his lips.
“Shh. Don’t wake the others. Come.”
“I can actually feel you, Kat. What’s going on? I thought…”
“I am not yet dead, nor am I alive.” She led him from his room into the corridor.
“I’m very confused,” he yawned and scratched his head. Kat didn’t explain, but instead appealed to him.
“Listen, Jacob. I need you to do something for me.” She came so close their bodies almost touched.
“I’ll do anything.”
“I want you to find my soul.”
“What do you mean, Kat?”
Kat led Jacob into the chapel crypt and to the coffin where her body lay.
“Jacob, I need you to take my body to the Michaelites who will provide security while you go in search of my soul.”
“How was it lost?”
“The Gatekeeper stole my soul while you slept. From now and until you find it and return it to me, I am trapped in the Realm of the Dead.”
“The Gatekeeper? Of the Realm of Light?”
“No, The Realm of Death,” she told him.
Jacob’s heart stopped. The Realm of Death. Jacob knew that to be in the realm of which all souls were taken, that it was near impossible for an angel to go there, unless they were dead.
“I have a clue for you,” she offered. “The Gatekeeper dwells with Lakyn and the Lucifites.”
“All right. But how would I identify The Gatekeeper?”
“You need to discover that for yourself. Okay?”
“Okay.” Jacob assented and stepped closer to her.
“So, you will do that for me?” she asked, with big puppy dog eyes.
“I’ll do anything for you, Kat,” he insisted. “And I won’t give up until your soul is restored to you.”
Kat smiled. “Then we can be together,” she informed him. Jacob smiled too, but as he went to wrap his arms around her, her body evaporated, disappearing into thin air.
“Kat!”
Jacob sat up in bed. It had been a dream. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and tried anxiously to dismiss the dream, hoping that Kat’s soul wasn’t missing and that instead she was safe. Throwing off the covers, Jacob quickly ran barefoot to the crypt. He pushed open the heavy door, and in amazement, he saw her. Kat’s spirit was standing over her own body, her image translucent. In that instant, Jacob realised he hadn’t been dreaming. Kat’s spirit had indeed led him here. He knew what he had to do.
Sneak Peek
Introduction to
The Chronicles of Blood & Stone




Betrayal

Adam knocked three times on the cast iron door. It opened and a gravelly voice spoke.
“What business do you have here?”
“I bring news of Lakyn’s whereabouts,” Adam told the man through the small slit in the door. There was a moment of silence, and then the door opened wider.
“You may enter.”
“Thank you.” As Adam stepped inside, the heavy door closed behind him, and he was plunged into darkness. The smell of mildew was abundant in the gloomy staircase, and he would have tripped if it weren’t for the flickering of candles coming from below. The man with the gravelly voice led Adam through a dingy hallway towards some ornate wooden doors, a sight he never expected to see down there. The doors opened, and in the doorway stood an older man with a greying beard and cold dark eyes.
“I hear you bring news of my son.”
“Yes, sir.” Adam bowed his head reverently towards the older Nephilim, as if he were worshipping him.
“My, my, it has been fifteen years, but you haven’t changed.”
“Excuse me?”
“It is you, is it not, Adam?”
“Yes. It is me,” he said, but he still could not look at him.
“Then come inside and tell me about my son.” Zachariah ushered Adam inside where a hall built for kings awaited them. There were rows and rows of tables filled with laughing and merry Nephilim who were eating from a lavish feast. Adam was at a loss for words. Was this really what the Lucifites did all day? Zachariah led him towards a table at the back of the room and sat himself down in a large plush chair that looked quite like a thrown—decorated in gold and green velvet. Did Zachariah Blackbell see himself as a king?
“So, tell me about Lakyn. Where has my son been?” Zachariah asked once Adam had sat down. He took a large gulp from a medieval goblet and trained his eyes on him.
“He’s been living with my sister, Rachael, in a secret location with their daughter.” He saw Zachariah’s eyes widen, but he didn’t look surprised.
“Well, he has been busy, hasn’t he?” Zachariah chuckled.
“But that won’t be for much longer. You see, sir.” Adam leaned closer towards Zachariah as if to tell him a secret. “My sister and niece are going to move away, so Lakyn will have no choice but to come back here.”
“That is good news. Foolish boy. I never thought he would betray me like this. I always thought that would be my youngest. He has the same loving soul my wife has. But Lakyn… he is more like me, was more like me. But that is about to change.” Zachariah stood up abruptly and raised his goblet.
“Listen up,” he shouted, and the room fell silent. “Young Adam Daylesford has come as the bearer of good news. Lakyn will return to us soon.” A roar erupted throughout the room followed by the stomping of boots and a clanging of crockery. But it soon died down when Zachariah raised his goblet again.
“So I’d like to propose a toast to Adam. May he always be welcome within our ranks. To Adam!”
“To Adam!” mirrored the rest of the Lucifites, raising their goblets and drinking to Adam, who sat there speechless.
“I… I don’t know what to say,” he stuttered.
“You don’t have to say anything. Just join in the celebrations.” Zachariah took another sip of his wine and leaned in close to him. “Now, tell me, where exactly are your sister and niece moving to?” he asked. Adam picked up his own goblet of wine and leaned back in his chair, a knowing grin appeared on his face.
“To the Michaelite Sanctuary.”

Lakyn stirred. He could hear signs of activity within the bedroom. He opened one eye and saw Rachael moving about the room.
“Rach, what are you doing?”
“Oh, morning. I’m just cleaning.”
“With suitcases?” he asked, not buying it. Rachael stopped packing clothes into the open suitcase on the floor and looked at him.
“Rachael, what’s going on?” He pushed the covers back and sat up in bed.
She sighed and pushed her hand back through her hair. “I’m so sorry, Lake, but we have to do this. We have to leave. It’s better for her.”
“Leave? You’re leaving me? And taking Eden?”
“I don’t want to, but I have to.”
“Why? Why do you have to? I told you, I can help her.”
“No, you can’t. We have to go.” Rachael turned and picked up the bags on the floor. But Lakyn was quick and was across the room in the time it took for her to take a breath. He grabbed hold of her wrist causing her to drop the bags.
She gasped. “Lakyn, please. This is why you can’t help her.”
“Why can’t I?” he snarled.
“This! Your insatiable anger and your constant greed. I don’t want Eden to be like that.”
“Are you saying I’m influencing her?”
“Not your heart, just your ties with them. You are still connected to them. I can tell you think about them constantly. You miss them.”
“That is not true. I left them. I’m tied to you and Eden now. I’ve changed.”
Rachael tugged her arm away from him. “No one can truly change.” And she picked up her bags and walked out the door. Lakyn clenched his fist and threw the vase of tulips sitting beside the bed against the wall, leaving it dripping with water and the carpet soaked. He dressed and decided to leave the place he had begun to call home, without as much as a second thought.

Abraham picked up the Soul Sphere that contained Kat’s soul, and her spirit immediately appeared in front of him.
“Oh, good, Miss James. You’re here.”
“What do you want? Just because you hold my soul, doesn’t mean you have power over me,” Kat retorted.
“Feisty one, aren’t you? No wonder you’re still around. I summoned you here, not only because I like seeing your pretty face, but because I need you to do something for me.”
“A favour? I don’t do favours for demons,” Kat retorted.
“No, not a favour—a bargain. It’s the bargain of the century, and it won’t be around for long.”
“That’s worse! No, I won’t do it.” She crossed her arms over her body.
“Going, going…” he held the Crystal sphere over the desk in the office where they stood, threatening to smash it. An uncontained soul was unprotected and free for all to take.
“Wait! What’s the deal?”
Abraham smirked and hung the Soul Sphere back around his neck. “Tell your underwear model boyfriend that the only way he’s going to get your soul back is if he retrieves something for us.”
“What does he have to retrieve?”
“An item of great importance to our cause, and it lays in a place only angels and humans can enter.”
“Tell me what it is. Otherwise, I won’t help you.”
“Patience, pretty one. Tell him to bring us The Golden Chalice of St Michael, and we shall negotiate the return of your soul.”
“That’s blackmail!”
“I know. It’s what we do best.” He smirked.
“How do I know you’re not just going to smash that sphere before he gives it to you?”
“Darlin’, we may be demons who have no souls with black hearts, but we keep our word.”
“Fine. Then I’ll do it.”

Lakyn felt soulless. The inescapable truth hit him in the face as he flew. Rachael was gone, and so was Eden. He had barely gotten the chance to know his daughter, and now he didn’t know when, or if, he would see her again. One thing he was glad for though, he had his memories back. He decided to reminisce on one of his favourites, back in a time when all was perfect. He wished he had Rachael to take him back there now.

“Rachael?” Lakyn called as he ran through the blue maze-like corridors of the hospital. This hospital was owned and run by Michaelite nuns and priests. He didn’t know why Rachael had chosen to come here. Nephilim infirmaries were perfectly all right.
“Rachael?” He turned a corner and almost collided with a nurse.
“Lakyn Blackbell?” she inquired.
“Yes, that’s me,” he replied as he tried to catch his breath.
“She’s through here.”
The nurse led him through a black curtained doorway. The hospital was dark, which was weird. Weren’t all maternity wards normally bright and cheerful? All the walls were painted the same shade of steel greyish-blue and black curtains hung from every doorway. Lakyn was perplexed. But everything made sense when he heard her.
“Rachael?”
“Lakyn!” cried Rachael desperately. “Lake? Is that you?”
“Yeah, it’s me.”
The nurse pushed aside another black curtain, and he saw her, lying on a bed, sweating, and holding her still-pregnant belly.
“I’m so glad you’re here. You’re just in time.” She winced in pain and held her hand out to him. He took it.
“I’m sorry that we were separated again.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Rachael cried out in pain again.
“It’s time to push, Rachael,” informed the nurse. Lakyn squeezed Rachael’s hand firmer.
“But I don’t want to… I can’t!”
“You can, Rachael, you can do this,” Lakyn tried to comfort her but the expression on Rachael’s face showed fear.
“Rachael, you have to push now. The baby’s coming,” warned the nurse.
“But…”
“Now, Rachael. You have to push now!”
“No!” Rachael screamed as she pushed with all her might. And soon after, a new life was bought into the world.
“It’s a girl!” cried Lakyn as Rachael collapsed against the bed.
“That’s…good,” Rachael gasped, exhausted.
“What are you going to name her?” the midwife inquired.
“I was thinking… Eden. It means ‘a place of pleasure’,” Rachael stated.
“Why?” asked Lakyn.
Rachael’s eyes met his as she held their daughter. “Being with you, reminds me of the Garden of Eden from The Chronicle.” This caused Lakyn to smile.
“Because you were tempted like Eve?”
“Exactly,” she smiled. Lakyn leaned forward. He was about to kiss her when he heard his name being called.
“Mr Blackbell?” It was one of the midwives.
“Yes? And it’s Lakyn. Mr Blackbell is my father.”
“Well, Lakyn, can you come with me for a moment?”
He nodded and turned to Rachael. Baby Eden was already asleep against her chest. He stroked both of their heads.
“I’ll be right back,” he told them, following the Michaelite midwife through the black curtain. Rachael hugged her daughter closer to her and stared after Lakyn with concern.
Once out in the hall, the midwife confronted Lakyn and pulled him aside.
“What’s going on?”
“Do you have dark intentions?” asked the midwife. Lakyn was dumbfounded. It was peculiar question to ask, and a bit rude, he thought.
“Um… why are you asking?”
“I need to know, because if you do, that child is in grave danger.”
“What do you mean, ‘in danger’?”
“We did a blood test, and the results… they were unusual, to say the least.”
“Look, can you please clarify? Because I’m freaking out as it is.”
“Your daughter’s blood showed trace amounts of demon blood.”
“Demon blood? But I’m not a demon, I’m Nephilim.”
“You are more connected to the darkness than you realise.”
“Look, lady, you don’t know what you’re saying, you’re just a Human,” he accused, pointing a finger before turning to head back into the room. But the woman’s voice gave him pause.
“Up until Rachael met you, she was, too.”
“What?”
“The mother of your child was raised human.” The midwife fixed Lakyn a warning glare before entering the birthing suite, leaving Lakyn standing alone in the hallway with his thoughts. The lights flickered above, and then went out, shrouding Lakyn in darkness.

The Lucifite lair came into view and Lakyn cursed. Realising that fourteen years ago, after Eden’s birth, he had been warned about her trait. Her blood had shown early signs of it, and he had only taken it lightly.
“Stupid. How could you be so stupid,” he told himself before landing at the door to his future.

To be continued . . . 


Definitions | Lexicon
The Chronicle: A Legend of the Archangel Lexicon

Realms
There are numerous realms in existence and each hold a different purpose.

The Realm of Fire – The Michaelite word for The Realm of Fire is Heaven and it is the place where all angels are born and lived in the beginning before The Fall. The Realm of Fire is located just below the Stratosphere and above the clouds. The Landscape changes and appears differently for each angel that enters.
The Realm of Light – The middle realm. The Realm of Light is the place of judgement for all angels. Angels are summoned here if they need to receive punishment for a crime, or simply need to have the progress of their Task checked upon. The landscape of the Realm of Light is mountainous and cool, with pine forests and snow- capped mountains. The Forest of Light exists in this realm in the centre of the realm. As does the Crystal River and The Bridge of Wings.
The Realm of Ice – The Michaelite word for The Realm of Ice is especially Hell, and is the place where all angels who are punished are sent to be jailed. Its landscape is an ice- covered wasteland of the last place the punished were thinking of. Not many escape this realm.
The Realm of Death – Also known as The Realm of Souls. This realm is where the souls of angels are sent after their bodies die. The souls are carried across the River Mortis by the Gatekeeper of the realm, also known as the Grim Reaper – the reaper of souls. Only the Grim Reaper has the power to add or remove a soul from The Realm of Death.

Traits
Each Angel will develop their own unique trait or ability when they reach the age of twenty one. But lineage also determines which trait an angel will develop. For example, if one parent has the ability to control the weather, then the offspring will most likely develop a trait relating to weather.
Hierarchy also determines which trait an angel will receive. If an angel’s lineage points back to an Archangel for instance, then the child’s trait will most likely be of fire. But a child born out of an archangel lineage hasn’t occurred since The Fall.

Tasks
Each angel usually receives his or her Task when they turn eighteen, but then again not everyone will receive a task. The significance of Task giving is said to originate from before the time of The Fall when God would hand each of his angels a job to fulfil in one’s lifetime. If an angel strayed from their Task or lost focus, they were severely punished, and in some cases, their wings ripped out. To be given a Task is a rare and special gift, one to be cherished.

Talent
Like a Trait, each angel will find they have a certain affinity for one of the basic Angel fundamentals, such as Glory or Voice, and some instances, an affinity for strength for being a natural fighter. Like a Task, not everyone will develop a Talent, but everyone is encouraged to at least train in each of the fields.

Voice
An Angel’s voice is a basic necessity and has two main purposes;
The voice can be used as a GPS beacon to find one’s mate. Like that of a bird, an angel’s voice will automatically be recognised by that of his or her mate, or soul mate. But the voice can also be used in the heat of battle as a protection shield (see section on Weapons) when used in conjunction with Glory. (See below for Glory)

Glory
An Angel’s Glory is the representation of one’s self in The Realm of Fire where all angels are made up of light, matter, and energy. An angel can project their Glory in time of peril. Adrenalin can also cause the Glory to show outside the body.

Wings
An angel’s wings are said to appear after they turn twenty- one or when they learn to summon them out. Wings can appear in a range of colours, from white, grey, silver, or in some rare cases, Gold and Black. The colour of the wing can be determined by an angel’s lineage or if they have completed a Task, but the former is more common.

Weapons
There are numerous weapons, which a Nephilim can use, each for a different purpose.
There are Archangel blades made from metal that comes specifically from The Realm of Fire. Forged from Heavenly Fire, the blade burns white when it strikes the flesh of a demon. The metal also singes any who have demon blood in their veins.
There are also special daggers forged by the Blackbell family for each of the family who runs an Academy around the world, each emblazoned with their family crest. These daggers can only wielded by those with angelic blood.
Angel bows – constructed to collapse and fold down to the size of a pen, they are light and durable. These bows are made in gold and in silver. Anything forged in gold can be used to kill or wound an Archangel or Nephilim, and anything silver, a Demon or Fallen Angel. But there is a fault. The bows can only be used with a special kind of arrow head called a Tear Tip. (See below)
Tear Tips – A special arrow head coated in a thin film of Archangel tears. Angel bows can only be used with these arrow heads and the Tear Tips are hard to come by. Disclaimer: A tear tip shot from a gold bow will not kill an archangel because of the archangel tears. Archangels can only be wounded or killed by touching or drinking out of the Chalice of St Michael.
The Chalice of St Michael – A consecrated chalice made of pure gold from the Realm of Fire. It is said to have belonged to St Michael the Archangel and is the only known instrument that can injure an Archangel.

Academies
When a Nephilim reaches the age of twenty- one they are to enrol in an Angel Academy to learn how to hone their Trait and to develop a Talent. Most Nephilim begin to develop their traits around the age of twenty- one because that is when their angelic blood is activated. In some rare cases, some Nephilim offspring do develop traits earlier than twenty- one.
There is an Academy situated in each capital city around the world, with smaller branches situated in each major – non- capital city run by families. Those smaller academies are named after the family that run them.

Michaelites
The last remaining souls known to carry pure human blood, the Michaelites are consisted mostly of Nuns, Priests and brothers who service the needs of the Nephilim and protect them if need be. They have dedicated their lives to researching the Nephilim.

Lucifites 
(This chapter was removed due to its controversial content and then later put back in after much discussion.)
The Lucifites, also known as followers of Lucifer. They have been known to dabble in Dark Magick such as Demonic rituals to make themselves more powerful. They are also rumours that they have developed a drug with hallucinogenic properties that makes the user more susceptible to demonic possession.
Acknowledgments
Writing this book has been like a thesis, and I’m glad to finally have it back in your hands. As my first book, The Chronicles of Fire and Ice, and it’s characters, Scarlett, Dyston, and Lakyn will always hold a special piece of my heart.
This book came to me through a dream, like the moment Scarlett first dreamed of her mysterious dark angel, Dyston.
2012 was a hard year for me with the loss of two souls close to me, but something good came from the bad—this little book. I’m proud of the finished product. It’s taken two years to get to this point, and I hope you will treasure this edition—if for the first or twentieth time.
This book has been on a journey and it wouldn’t have arrived to its destination without the help of the following people:
To Father Laurie, who read and critiqued my first horrible draft. I appreciate all you have done for me and my family.
To Tqwana and all at Writer’s Bloq for giving me priceless advice and insight into the tough publishing industry. Thank you for giving me a chance, even though it didn’t work out in the end. This book is better because of you.
To Regina Wamba, who created the most gorgeous and amazing cover that captured the attention of the world the first time I published Fire and Ice and still makes me breathless to this day.
And last but not least, to my readers, YOU who have taken my characters and the world of The Legend of Archangel under your wing and loved and hated them (Although, Heather, I know you secretly love Lakyn.)
Other Works by L.L. Hunter

The Eden Chronicles
The Garden of Eden
The Garden of Death

The Aqua Saga
The Aqua Secret

The Adelaide Paige Saga
First Glance

Standalone Books
Treacherous (18+)
Coming Soon
The much anticipated second book in 
The Legend of the Archangel Series—
The Chronicles of Blood and Stone
Coming July 13, 2014
L.L. Hunter, Author

L.L. Hunter is the author of over 20 published works, including The Legend of the Archangel Series and The Eden Chronicles. She has studied everything from veterinary nursing, forensic science, and dramatic arts, but has always known her true calling was to be an author. She has been writing since her teens - everything from fan fiction, to song lyrics, to plays and musicals. When not working on her next paranormal romance, she can be found at home in Australia, reading somewhere comfortable with one or both of her fur babies. 

Follow her on Facebook, Twitter @llhunterbooks, and her blog - http://llhunter.blogspot.com.au.

