The Incidental Hero
by
E.B. Ammon



Copyright 2014 E.B. Ammon 
Published by Erik Ammon at Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or
given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please
purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase
it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or
your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of
this author.

The Beginning
“I’ll see you in hell!” he screamed.  I had no idea what he meant at the time, but I sure do now.  Let me back up a bit.  My name’s Davis.  I know where I am right now, but I don’t know exactly where ‘here’ is.  You see, I was living a pretty ordinary life: I went to work, I went for a run, I came home, played with my ferrets, showered, went to bed, rinse, lather, repeat.  On the weekends, I’d either go for group runs, some buddies and I would find some race to go to, or I’d hit the trails on my own.  That’s what led me to were I am now, which really means I have no clue where I am.
	One weekend, my running buddies weren’t around, and there were no races I felt like doing, so I filled up my hydration pack with water and a few gels and headed out the door for a nice, long, quiet run on the trails.  I figured I’d hit a store about eighteen miles in to grab a Gatorade and a Clif Bar or two, then back onto the trails and head home.
	Well, I didn’t get quite that far.  About four miles in, I began to get this really weird, eerie feeling.  I tried to shake it, but it stuck.  Being that I was on the trails, and alone (even being a guy), I kept my eyes and ears on full alert.  I even thought about turning around.  But, I didn’t.  Well, I should have.  All of a sudden, the trees on my left started waving in a breeze that seemed to have come out of nowhere and only seemed to be on my left.  I slowed up as the hairs on my neck were standing on end.  With an odd, almost moaning sound, the breeze started moving across a field of thigh high grasses.  All the birds that were in the grasses and up in the trees flew into the sky.  The breeze went across- no, not across, it went through me, leaving me feeling cold, despite the heat.  It then went up- yes, up- the trees on my right, shook the leaves at the top and took off into the sky, moaning the whole way, before stopping as suddenly as it started.
I know I shouldn’t have, being as freaked out as I was, my brain yelling, “No! Turn around and RUN, you idiot!”, but I looked to the area where the mysterious wind started and began to walk through the thigh high grass.  I can’t explain the feeling, but even stronger than my sense of “RUN!”, was a feeling that something was wrong.  It felt like someone was in trouble and needed help, right now.
I stepped slowly, carefully, and as silently as I could.  There were no other sounds.  The trail, and the woods around me were still and silent.  I could only hear my breathing, and the grass swishing out of my way as I passed through.  As I approached the tree line, I stopped.  I could hear some indecipherable whispering.  I couldn’t pinpoint exactly where it was coming from because it sounded like it was all around me.  The air began to feel almost electrical, as if lightening were about to strike, but the sky above was clear and blue.
As I went into the trees, something weird happened.  The whispering became louder, and it was definitely coming from in front of me.  Also, the bright blue sky disappeared, becoming a dark gray mass of clouds blocking out the sun, making it suddenly dark, and even more eerie than before, if that was even possible.  My brain was in full flight mode, wanting me to turn tail and get the hell out of there, but something told me that even if I tried, I wouldn’t be able to.
Despite the whispering being louder than before, I still couldn’t make out what was being said.  The words sounded like something mystical, like something right out of The Lord of the Rings.
I continued on.
I tried to keep my wits about me.  I kept my eyes open, constantly looking through the trees, and my ears open for…something.  I don’t know what I actually expected to hear, or even see for that matter.  After about a dozen or so steps into the woods, I realized that the trees around me were not the usual ones that I’d see along most of the trails I ran on in the area.  These were much thicker, and, as I looked up, I saw they were much taller.  I also noticed that the sky above me was still that eerie dark gray.
I turned my gaze back to in front of me, and saw, further up, an odd, bluish light coming from about twenty feet away.  It seemed to line the trees and shrubs around it…as well as some guy holding an unusual looking hiking stick.  The blue light seemed to be emanating from him, as it was the brightest around him.  The hiking stick he was carrying was more than just a stick.  As I crept closer, I could see some intricate carvings covering it from bottom to top, culminating with a dragon’s head on the top.  He was wearing some sort of robes.  The robes were the same color as the light coming from him and were covered with silver symbols.
That’s when I saw her.  In front of this man, this wizard type looking guy, was a woman lying on her back.  She was wearing robes that looked similar to this wizard guy, except that hers were black, and quite plain looking.  Hers were also hanging below her.  That’s when I realized her robes were hanging below her because she was floating in the air about two feet above the ground!
I had no idea why, but I knew that I needed to stop this guy from performing whatever bizarre ritual he was in the middle of.  I could tell that this woman was in danger, and that she needed help.  Since no one else was around, at least that I could see, I knew it needed to come from me, and fast!
I didn’t know how I was going to save her.  I’m not some big, muscle bound brute.  I’m just me, Davis, the long distance runner.  So, that’s what I decided to do- run!  I ran as hard as I could, quickly closing on Wizard Guy.  I lowered my shoulder, and slammed right into his back!  I heard the air whoosh out of his lungs with an “oof!”  We both hit the ground hard, with me landing on top of him.  The bluish colored light completely disappeared.  I heard another thud, and a more feminine “oof” as the girl hit the ground.
I rolled off Wizard Guy and slowly got to my knees, with one had touching the ground, and my other hand rubbing my shoulder.  I looked up and saw Wizard Guy standing over me, holding his staff.  Apparently he recovered a lot faster from the hit than I did.  He looked really ticked off, too.
“Do you know what you’ve done?” he yelled, his voice deep and echoing through the trees.  “Do you know what you’ve done!?” he yelled even louder.
He raised his staff into the air, the eyes of the dragonhead on the end glowing blue.  He began whispering in that strange language I heard earlier.
I knew I was in trouble.
“Um, saving some girl?” I replied, as I jumped to the right, or at least tried to.
“I’ll see you in hell!” he screamed as my whole world vanished in a flash of blue light.
***
I woke up some time later.  Just how much time passed, I’m not sure.  I couldn’t quite figure out where I was, nor could I remember what happened.  All I remembered was Wizard Guy yelling, “I’ll see you in hell!”,  a bright blue light, then nothing.  I looked around a bit, but my vision was blurry, and my head was pounding.
“He’s beginning to wake up,”  a woman’s voice said.
“I’m surprised he survived an attack from Malfius,” a man’s voice replied.
I blinked rapidly to try to help my vision return, but it didn’t help a whole lot.  I tried to sit up onto my elbows, but I felt a wave of dizziness come over me, and my head began to pound even more.
“Here, take it easy, lay back,” a man’s voice said.  “Drink this,” he continued. I felt his hand hold my head up a bit, and a metal cup came to my lips.  It tilted in, pouring in a cool, slightly sweet liquid.  I drank as much as he poured in, and immediately the pounding in my head seemed to lessen.
“How’s that?” a woman’s voice asked.
“Better,” I replied.  “What was that?”
“It was a potion to help take away the pain and to help your body recover,” she answered.
“Oh…wait, a what?  A potion?”  All of a sudden, I remembered some of what happened.  I grasped at as much as I could as it all came flooding back…running along the trail, the eerie winds, the strange blue light, Wizard Guy with the dragon staff, the floating girl, a flash of light, then nothing.
“Where am I?” I said in a panicky sounding voice.  “What happened?  Where’s the girl and the wizard guy?”  I sat up.  My head ached, but not nearly as much as before, and my vision was beginning to slowly return.
“Lay back down, rest, you’re safe, now,” the man said.  “My name is Regent.  The woman who’s life you saved from the, um, ‘Wizard Guy’, Malfius, is Aleesha.”
“Thank you for saving me,” Aleesha said.  She stepped forward and I saw her more clearly.  She wasn’t wearing the black robes anymore.  She wore long brown pants, the ends tucked into very worn looking black boots, and a loose fitting long green shirt, cinched around her waist with a black leather belt.  From her belt hung a sword.  A sword?  Where the hell was I?  The sword was in a scabbard, hanging down her left side, almost touching the ground.  The scabbard was plain, but the hilt of the sword was very ornate.  The crosspiece came out straight to either side of the blade, curling up and around at the ends.  The handle was wrapped in black leather, and at the end was the head of a dragon, with red, ruby eyes.
“Malfius,” she continued, “was trying to…” she hesitated, but seemingly more to choose her words carefully than out of fear of remembering what happened, “…kill me.  Had you not charged out of the woods and hit Malfius, he would have.  Thank you for that.”
The man, Regent, was dressed similarly to Aleesha, except his shirt, like his pants, were both brown.  He had a sword as well, though his appeared to be plainer in appearance.  He also wore a bow strapped to his back along with a quiver of arrows.  The room was not very large and sparsely furnished. The two of them, together, looked like pair of bandits right out of Robin Hood.  All we needed now was Little John to come strolling through.  Inside the hut, along with the bed I was on, was a small dresser with a pitcher and bowl on it along one wall, and a small table with two chairs on another side.  There were no windows on any of the sides, and there was a very primitive looking broom in the corner.  The roof had a slight slant to it and was made of boards, similar to the boards the walls were made from. The floor was a plain, hard packed dirt.  
“You still haven’t answered my question- where am I?  How did I get here?  How do I get home?  Am I dreaming?”  All these questions, and hundreds more, flowed into my head.
“You are in the land of Selenia, in a small village called Harn,” Regent said.  “As for how you got here, I can only guess that the magic of Malfius somehow pulled you here.  Where you were pulled from, as you look like no other man we’ve ever seen before, only you know.  How that happened, and how you can get home, I have not a clue.”  Regent sounded genuinely bothered by this.  Whether it was because I seem to be stuck here for now, or that he was concerned about how this Malfius guy brought me here, I wasn’t too sure.
I had no idea where I was, other than in Harn, in some place called Selenia, or how I was going to get home.  I didn’t think I was dreaming.  If I was dreaming, I doubt I’d feel as much pain as I did.  Malfius did yell, right before casting some sort of spell on me, that he’d see me in hell.  Maybe I was in hell, but it didn’t seem like it.  The only thing that I knew for sure is that I was definitely not home.
“Why don’t you eat something,” Aleesha said.
I didn’t realize it, until Aleesha mentioned eating, but I was starving.  Then, it hit me.
“How long was I out for?” I asked.
Aleesha and Regent paused and looked at each other.  Then Regent spoke up, “You’ve been unconscious for three days.”
“Holy cow!  Are you serious?” I exclaimed.  I couldn’t believe it!
“Yes,” Aleesha replied, “we are very serious.  I’ll go get you some food.”
Aleesha walked over to the door and left.  I caught a brief glimpse of outside, but I couldn’t see much at all.  It looked like someone was standing by the door, whether to protect me or keep an eye on me, I couldn’t be sure.  I saw part of a small wooden shack, with a slanted wooden roof, a worn dirt road, or path of some sort, between the shack I’m in and the one on the other side of the path, and a whole lot of trees behind that.  It was much nicer looking outside, too, than the dark and dreary gray from just before I got knocked out.
I sat up at the edge of the bed I was in. I had to push the blanket off to sit up all the way.  I still had on my running shorts and short-sleeved tech shirt, but my socks and trail running shoes were off.  I must have looked pretty strange to them, like they did to me, with my bright orange shirt and the bright blue shorts.  I saw, in the corner, my shoes and socks, and my hydration pack.  My Garmin GPS watch was still on my wrist, but it was off.  I tried to turn it on, but the battery was dead.  ‘Oh well,’ I thought, ‘I guess I won’t know how that last run went until I get home.’
Sitting up wasn’t as hard this time as it was the last time.  Regent came over and offered a helping hand.  “Here,” he said, “let me help you to your feet.”
“Thanks,” I replied.
With his help, I was able to stand, though a bit shakily.  Regent, though slender like Aleesha, was very strong and able to help support me easily, though I don’t weigh much more than a buck forty.  As an ultra marathon runner, being light and lean made it easier for me to run the trails all day and night long.  The ground, nothing more than hard packed dirt, was cold to my feet, but refreshing.
“Could you help me to my stuff?” I asked.  We walked over to my things.  My legs were feeling a bit stronger, but still felt like jelly, like after a tough fifty miler.  I picked up my things.  My pack was still full of water, and the gels were still in a pocket along with my phone, now dead like my Garmin, my car key, a mini first aid kit and a ten-dollar bill.
“I should be alright,” I said as Regent offered to help me back to the bed. 
“Your pack, and all your things, are quite interesting,” he said as I was putting my socks and shoes on.  “The way the water goes through the tube straight to your mouth is amazing!”
I showed him the phone and car key and tried to explain them to him.
“They sound like an amazing and powerful magic,” he said in awe, shaking his head like he couldn’t believe it.
“Not magic,” I said, “but technology.  Everything is created by people, and stuff is getting better and faster every year.”  I thought about explaining how the phone and my Garmin worked, but didn’t feel like getting into satellites and what they are.
Aleesha came back in with a plate of food.  There was some sort of meat and some vegetables, or fruits, but I wasn’t really sure.  One thing looked like a cross between broccoli and a carrot and the other thing looked something like an apple.
“Thanks,” I said, my stomach also grumbled a thanks.  I gobbled up the broccoli-carrot stuff and the ‘apple’ as well.  They were both quite tasty.  I looked at the meat.  It’s been quite some time since I’ve had any meat.  I’ve been a vegetarian for about three years, now.  Aleesha saw my hesitation.
“It’s spiro meat.  They’re small, but easy to catch.  It’s stringy and the taste is just okay, but it’s food,” she explained.
“The taste isn’t the problem,” I began, “It’s just that I haven’t eaten any meat in a long time.  I eat only, well, stuff like the other two things that were on my plate, as well as nuts and seeds,” I explained.  They look confused, so I explained what nuts and seeds were.  They seemed to understand.
Regent took my plate, scoffed down the meat, then said, “I’ll go see what I can find,” and went out the door.
I looked over at Aleesha and asked, “Why was Malfius trying to kill you?”
She hesitated, then began, “For as long as I can remember, there’s been fighting between different lands.  Malfius is from Aton.  The ruler of Aton, Silva, is a cruel and vicious queen.  Her people, well, what’s left of her people, live in fear of her and her warlocks and witches as well as the teroks and humans that serve her.  She seeks to take over as many lands as she can.  She will not stop until she rules over all the lands.  We, Regent, the others here in this village, and I are part of one of many groups of resistance throughout all the lands that fight to stop Silva and put an end to her reign of terror.”
She stopped for a moment, probably from seeing the surprised, and somewhat confused, look on my face.  Then, she continued, “Malfius, and many other of Silva’s warlocks and witches, make magical sacrifices to help bring forth magical, and quite evil beasts to help them.  I was captured while I was out scouting Malfius’s encampment with two others.”  At the mention of the two others, Aleesha seemed to sadden.
“I’m sorry about the others,” I said, comfortingly.
“Thanks,” she replied.  “They were good men and I would have likely joined them, if not for your heroic deeds.”
“So,” I said, as Regent returned with an assortment of other veggies, fruits and nuts, or at least I guessed that’s what they were, “what happened after I bowled over Malfius?”  I started to sample the foods as Regent spoke.
“After Aleesha hit the ground, she came to quite quickly.  She saw Malfius cast his spell and then you fell to the ground, writhing in pain for a few moments before you blacked out.  She picked up a rock and threw it at him, hitting him in the back of the head.  He was stunned by the hit,” Regent said.
“But he had his wits about him enough to cast a quick spell to teleport himself back to his camp,” Aleesha finished.
I finished off everything that was on my plate and washed it down with some water from my pack.  It was quite warm, but the taste was familiar, at least.
“Where can I find someone to help me?  I need to get home,” I said as I finished off my water. “And, where can I fill my pack back up?”
“You can fill your pack up at the stream, which runs a bit north of here in the forest,” Regent began.  “As for help…” he paused, looked to Aleesha, who looked back at him,”…I’m sorry to say, but I don’t know.”
“You what?” I said, feeling shocked.  “What do you mean you don’t know?  Don’t you have any warlocks or witches to try and help?”
“We do, Davis, though we call them wizards as their magic comes from…a different place.  We will send someone to seek out Gerol and let him know of your plight,” Aleesha said.
“Tell me how to get to him,” I said, probably sounding a bit more agitated than I meant to.  “I run, a lot, and can probably get there faster than anyone here.”
“You’ll really need a guide.  Someone who knows the way,” Aleesha replied.  “Someone who knows how to avoid the enemy and get there safely, rather than quickly.”  Aleesha paused, glanced at Regent, who nodded slightly, then continued, “I’ll take you.  We’ll need some food, water, and you,” she said as she looked at me, “you will need clothes that will not catch the eyes of a blind terok!”
“How long of a journey is it?” I asked.
“About two days west, through the Forest of Angor,” Regent replied.
“We’ll leave as soon as we’re ready,” Aleesha said.  “Do you know how to fight?”
“Um, no,” I said, “not unless you count running into somebody as fast as you can a form of fighting.”
Aleesha and Regent both laughed.  “We’ll get you a short sword and Aleesha can teach you some basics about how to fight in case anything should come up on your trip,” Regent said.
“Give me your pack,” Aleesha said, “I’ll get it filled along with other supplies we may need while Regent shows you around the village and gets you some new clothes.”
Aleesha grabbed my pack.  I showed her how to fill it and she headed out the door.  Regent and I followed after.
“I’ll give you a quick tour and head over to where we keep extra clothes.  There’s really not much to see,” he said.
Once we’re outside, I saw that he was right.  There were about seven or eight small buildings, no bigger than 10x10, with a couple that were a bit larger.  One had a fire pit outside with a large man that was working on some sort of weapon.  The buildings looked like they had been around for a couple years, and they looked like they were thrown together pretty quickly.  I also saw about a dozen others, both men and women, dressed much like Aleesha and Regent, but in varying colors, most of which seemed best for helping you hide in the forests better.  My bright orange and blue were definitely out of place.  I got a few stares, but people quickly got back to whatever it was that they were doing.
We talked with a couple other people, but no one seemed too curious about my presence.  I guessed they all already knew all there was to know about me, which, quite frankly, wasn’t a whole heck of a lot.
“We’ll head over to Gregor’s place,” Regent said, pointing to a house a dozen or so feet away.  “He doesn’t have anyone else staying with him, so we keep some extra clothes there.”
“How many people live here?” I asked.
“That depends,” Regent said.  “We usually have ten to fifteen in the houses plus some in temporary shelters around the area in the trees.  No one really lives here permanently as we’re on the move often, going from place to place, striking at Silva’s troops or running away from them.”
He paused, letting it sink in, then continued, “Aleesha and I have been here for about four moons, trying to help better organize attacks in the area.”
We stopped outside Gregor’s place.  Regent knocked before he opened the door and walked in.  The inside was a bit bigger than the hut I was in.  There was a basic bed, a small table with two chairs and a small dresser with a pitcher and basin on top.  Gregor was not inside.  But none of that was why we were here.  We were here for what was over on the right side.  There were several stacks of clothes- pants, mostly some sort of brown, shirts of various shades of brown and green with some white ones thrown in, and cloaks, also mostly browns and greens, all better for hiding in the forest that seemed to surround the area.  There were also a few pairs of boots and belts in a pile next to the stacks of clothes.
“We need these extras to replace those that are too tattered and torn to repair.  Those we use as bandages,” Regent said as he was sifting through the pile of pants.
“Makes sense,” I replied, digging through the shirts.  We eventually found a shirt and pants that fit pretty well.  The cloth was a lot rougher than I’m used to, so I decided to keep my running shorts and shirt on underneath them.  Plus, I don’t think anyone here had ever heard of underwear as there wasn’t any in the piles.  The pants were the same basic brown and the shirt the same basic green that many other people wore.  They smelled, too, and had some stitched up holes.
“Some people leave older clothes behind and,” Regent paused, “others don’t need them anymore.”
“Ah,” I said.  Made sense, I guessed, but I really didn’t need to know that I might be wearing the clothes of someone who died while wearing them.
“You’ll need a belt and…,” Regent began.
“I’m keeping my own shoes,” I finished for him.
The clothes fit okay.  The pants had a piece of rope around them, through some belt loops, to hold them up.  I guessed that the belt was more for holding your sword, or whatever else you carried from it.  As I thought that, I really began to realize where I was, what I was doing, and wondered about my friends and family, especially my little sister, Jenny.  I’d been gone for about three days.  It was Saturday when I left for my trail run, so it would be Tuesday now.  Two days in a row I just didn’t show up at work, three days of not posting my runs on the internet, three days of no texting or calling anyone about going for a run or for some coffee.  It really hit me…my car was probably found at the trail head parking lot by now, and others were, with heavy hearts, looking for me, or my body, as far as they knew.  I got teary eyed thinking about the sadness they must be feeling, having had to call my parents, and my sister to tell them that I was missing, but that they found my car.  The thoughts that must have gone through their minds.
It made me more resolved to get home.
Regent must have read my thoughts.
“Come on,” he said, putting his hand on my shoulder, “let’s find a way to get you home.”
We walked out the door.
The Journey	
About an hour later, Aleesha came back to the hut with some supplies.  It was hard to know if it was really an hour.  I had gotten so used to looking at my phone and I couldn’t tell where the sun was since there were no windows built into the hut.  Not that I can tell time by the sun, but I think I could get a general idea from all the hours I’ve spent on the trails.  Actually, I have no idea if time passed the same here.  Regent and Aleesha said I was unconscious for three days, but I had no idea if days were the same length or shorter or longer.  The sun, sky, and clouds seemed the same from what I saw of it when I was outside.  I mean, the sun wasn’t purple nor was it bigger or smaller, so, I was hopeful that timed passed the same as at home.  Maybe I crossed over into some similar, alternate Earth.  You never know, it’s odd enough that we speak the same language, though our foods, from the little I’d seen, are different, and they are not as technologically advanced as back home.  I’d hesitate to call them primitive.  I mean, we had no magical abilities, though we do have medicines that heal like their potion did for me.  Who knew what they could do if they thought of it?  Or had the time if they weren’t just trying to survive this war they were in.  I thought I’d keep my phone and Garmin close by, for safe keeping.  I didn’t know what these warlocks, witches, or even the wizards could do if they could figure it out?
“Davis, wake up.”  It was Aleesha.  I guess it was obvious I was deep in thought.
“Sorry,” I said.
“This is your sword,” she said, pulling a short, plain, but deadly looking blade out of it’s sheath.  “This will be attached to your waist belt.  Here,” she said, handing me the sword, handle first, “try not to hurt yourself with it.”
“Thank,” I said.  I held it, and swung it back and forth a bit, making sure I wasn’t going to knock anything over to cut anyone.  She handed me the sheath and showed me how to attach it to the belt.
“Here’s your pack, too, with fresh water and some food for the trip.”  Aleesha handed me my hydration pack, stuffed with some fruits, nuts and some delicious looking bread that was wrapped up in some cloth.
“That bread,” Regent said, “is very filling and can provide enough sustenance, along with some other food and water, to last a long time.”
“Thanks,” I said, again.  “How long until we go?” I asked.
“Now,” Aleesha replied.  “I have my pack, bow and a quiver of arrows outside the door, ready to go.”
“Be safe out there,” Regent said as he gave Aleesha short bow.
“Thanks for all you did for me,” I said, “to help me.  Hopefully I won’t see you again,” I said with a smile.
“Same here, Davis.  Good luck and I wish you a happy life.  Thank you, again, for saving Aleesha,” Regent said and we headed out the door.
Aleesha’s pack was slightly larger than mine, made of a worn looking leather.  She slung her bow over it, with the string around her front.  The quiver of arrows was, somehow, attached to the side of her pack.  She already had that dragon sword on her side.  Other than when I first saw her, I don’t think I’d seen her without it.
“Alright,” Aleesha said, walking towards the woods, “let’s get moving.”  And, with that, we were on our way.
***
We headed out into a densely wooded area.  The trees seemed similar to the ones where I happened upon Malfius trying to kill Aleesha, but these were a bit closer together.
“Where exactly did I find you?” I asked.
“You saved me northeast of here, about a day’s journey, just outside the forest of Angor,” Aleesha replied.  “We’ll be heading mostly west and a bit to the north to get to the Tower of the Gray.”
The trail was fairly wide and well worn, like some of the trails that I loved to run on at home.  I’ve been away for just over three days, and only conscious for a few hours, but I already missed my trails.
“What exactly was that drink you gave me?” I asked, thinking about how great I felt after only a few hours.
“It’s a potion made to heal and reenergize,” Aleesha replied.  “It’s very hard for our wizard to make, but, as you know, it’s effects are quite miraculous.”
“Yeah,” I laughed in reply, “That’s the understatement of the year.”
“What’s a year?” Aleesha asked after a brief moment of silence, and also catching me by surprise.  Considering they knew what a day was, I didn’t expect that response at all.
“A year is 365 days, where I’m from,” I answered.  “Our year is broken down into twelve months with twenty-eight to thirty-one days in each, depending on which month it is.”
“Ah,” she said, “We call it a cycle, with each cycle broken into thirteen moons, and each moon having twenty-eight days, giving us 364 days in a cycle,” she continued.
“So, our month and your moon, as well as your cycle and our year, are very similar,” I said.  “How long are your days?” I asked.
“Our days, and nights, are about the same length: one rotation of the sun around us,” Aleesha replied.
‘Much like we used to believe,’ I thought.  “Our days and nights change depending on the seasons, and also where you live on our world.  When it’s really cold, in the season of winter, the days are shorter and the nights are longer, but when it’s warmer in summer, the days are longer and the nights are shorter,” I explained.
“What are seasons?  Here the temperature is about the same, though we seem to get more rain in the early moons than the moons later in the cycle,” Aleesha said.
“We have four seasons.  Winter is the coldest, when daylight is the shortest.  Where I live, we get snow.”  Aleesha looked a bit confused, so I explained, “Snow is kind of like really light, white, frozen rain drops.  It piles up onto the ground-”
“Oh,” she exclaimed, excited, “Like the stuff I’ve seen way up high in the mountains!”
“Yes!  Exactly,” I replied, hoping it really was.  “Spring starts to warm up and the days get longer and the nights shorter.  It’s very rainy compared to other parts of the year and usually when people plant gardens and farmers plant their crops for growing food,” I added.  “Summer is the warmest time of year, with the most daylight and the shortest nights.  Then, in the Fall, the leaves on the trees where I live change colors to beautiful reds, yellows, and oranges.  Then, eventually, they fall to the ground.  The days gradually get shorter as the nights get longer and the temperatures colder.  Then, we do it all over again,” I finished.
“Huh,” she said.  It sounds very interesting to have such changes.  The color of the leaves changing sounds magical.  Your Spring,” she continued, “sounds very much like our early moons- wet, and the best time for planting.”
We continued on the trail in silence for a while.  I thought a lot about the similarities between our worlds as we walked along the trail.  I started to look around, really look around.  I saw birds, though none were like I’d ever seen before.  Their feathers were amazing colors of reds, blues, and yellows, as well as some with browns, whites and blacks.  Their songs were similar sounding to some birds from home.  It almost gave me a sense of being home, but it wasn’t quite the same.
I also saw a few of an animal that closely resembled a squirrel, but it’s tail was not bushy at all.  It’s tail was more like a cat’s tail.  They also had oddly long ears, about four inches long, in fact.  Their behaviors were very squirrel like as well.  Aleesha seemed to be watching the woods around us, but I didn’t think it was for the same reasons.
After a few more hours, Aleesha stopped, turned and said, “I think we should take a break, eat a bit, and,” she gazes to my sword, “teach you the basics of sword fighting while we’re still in a safer area.”
We ate a bit and drank some water.  Aleesha drew her sword.  “Alright,” she said, “draw your sword and let’s get started.”
“If you can, before a fight, drop your pack so you can move as freely as possible,” she said, looking at my pack.  “Though, yours seems quite easy to carry.”
I drew my sword and stood up.  
“Here, stand with your legs like this,” she said, and showed me how to stand with my legs slightly apart, with my right leg forward a bit.  “Good,” she said.  “It’ll help you balance more in combat.  Now, hold your sword arm up, with your arm bent at your elbow.”  As she said this, she lowers my arm a bit.  Then she changed the angle I had my sword held at.  “Better,” she continued.  “Holding your sword in that position is best for protecting yourself from the stomach up, and also allows you to move your sword quickly to block strikes.”
As she said that, she smacked the blade of my sword, sending it flying out of my hand.  The sword rang loudly with the metal on metal hit, shooting painful vibrations up my arm.
Aleesha laughed, “That’s what a sword on sword hit feels like.”  She straightened up, stopped laughing and said, “Now, go pick up your sword and get back in the stance I showed you.”
I fetched my sword, and tried to get back into the right stance.  She came over and lowered my arm a bit into a better position.  Then, quickly, she grabs my shirt and tried to knock me over.  But, I adjusted my feet as she did, using the strength of my legs to resist.
“Good,” she said with a smile.  “You have good balance, and strong legs.  Now, back to your stance.”
She gets back to hers as well.
“The teroks like to use overhand swings.  They’re bigger and more powerful than we are and try to use that to their advantage.  When I attack…,” her voice trailed off.  I had a confused look on my face.
“I’ve heard you mention teroks before.  What are they?” I asked.
“Oh.  Teroks are creatures from the northern lands, above Aton.  Silva uses them as the main part of her army,” she explained.
“Oh, okay,” I said.  It didn’t help much, but it was good enough.  Hopefully we won’t see any before Gerol got me back home.
“When I attack,” Aleesha continued, “I want you to hold your sword over your head, like this.”  She raised her sword arm higher, turning her forearm in, and her elbow slightly out to put her sword flat across and above her head.  
“Good,” she said as I copied her move.  “It’ll help to block an overhanded attack.  Now, get yourself set.”
She then came in with a slow, overhanded swing.  I turned my sword above me to block.  The swords rang slightly, and the vibrations were not as bad.  Of course, she didn’t swing as hard either.
We practiced this block several more times.  Aleesha swung faster with the last few strikes, though it was obvious she was holding back.  She then showed me how to block swings coming in towards my left and my right by moving my sword in or out.  She also showed me how to change my body position as I made these blocks.  We practiced each of these for a bit.  Then, she started to mix her strikes up.  Sometimes she came in from the top, sometimes from the sides.  Our swords rang through the forest.  My arms were growing used to the vibrations, but my sword arm did get tired.  We practiced for about twenty minutes.
“You did well,” Aleesha said.  She smiled as she took a drink of water.
“Thanks,” I replied.  I put my pack back on and took a drink of water as well.  “Shall we continue?” I asked.
“You’re awfully eager to move on, Davis,” she said.
“Yeah, well, I’d like to get to the tower to have Gerol send me home,” I replied.
“Oh, yeah,” she said.  She grabbed her pack.  “Let’s go.”
***
We continued on for another hour when Aleesha suddenly stopped.  She quickly held up her hand and crouched down low.  I stopped and crouched down as well.  A few seconds past when I heard, and saw, why Aleesha had us stop.  I saw a group of four of the ugliest creatures I had ever seen.  They looked like something right out of the Lord of the Rings!  They looked like goblins, but were a bit taller than they looked in the movies.  They were very muscular, and very mean looking.  They each carried a sword that was about five feet long, including the blade.  The blade had a razor sharp looking edge on one side.  The other side looked the same until the bottom half.  The bottom half had large, jagged teeth on it, like a huge saw.  Their skin was a blackish color with a bit of green.  They had large eyes, and pointed, almost cat like ears on top of their bald, bumpy heads.  They were moving quickly towards Harn.
The one in the lead stopped and held up his hand, a lot like Aleesha had done.  The other three stopped and reflexively grabbed the hilts of their swords with their clawed, long fingered hands.  Seeing this, Aleesha quietly, and quickly, took her bow off her shoulder.  She pulled an arrow out of her quiver, and, in the blink of an eye, drew the string back, aimed and fired. She nailed one of the terok right in the chest.  It grabbed at the arrow and fell to the ground.  Before it hit the ground, Aleesha had pulled another arrow from her quiver, aimed and fired.  But, at seeing their comrade fall dead, the creatures had started moving for cover while drawing their swords.  Her arrow nicked one as it dove for cover behind a tree.  The other two saw Aleesha and charged.
“Draw your sword and go run and hide!” she yelled.  She then dropped her bow, drew her sword and met their charge.
I was slightly stunned by what I was seeing, but then remembered there was a third thing somewhere.  I drew my sword and ran, looking for a big tree to hide behind.  I got about ten steps before I found the third creature.  Or, more truthfully, before he found me.  If not for a quick dive to the left, I would have ran right in to him.  I heard a roar behind me and got up as quick as I could, holding my sword up high, like Aleesha taught me.  The creature swung down hard, smashing his blade into mine with a loud ring.  It’s blade slid off to the left as I moved to the right.  I looked the creature in it’s yellow, blood shot eyes.  He seems to grin at me with it’s sharp, yellowed teeth.  I turned and ran again, hoping to put distance between this thing and I.  All the while, I heard grunts and yells mixed in with the clangs of swords from Aleesha’s fight with the other two.
I dove behind another tree hoping the creature wasn’t able to keep up.  I was wrong.  He jumped around the tree, yelled and swung high, right at my head.  I ducked and fell to the right.  It’s blade whooshed by my ear and stuck into the tree long enough to  give me enough time to stand back up and face it.  I held my sword straight up and down in front of me as it came forward, grinning and laughing.  He hit the blade of my sword with his, knocking it back and forth like I was some kind of play toy.  The vibrations of the swords hitting were shooting up my arms making it harder for me to hold the blade.  I stumbled over a root behind me.  He pulled his sword back, high, to take one last swing at me, but it never came.  Right as it’s arm was drawn back, an arrow came flying right into it’s neck, killing it instantly.  It dropped it’s sword, grabbed at the arrow sticking through it’s neck, and fell to the ground.
“Are you okay?” Aleesha asked as she came running up.
“Yeah, I think.  Thanks,” I managed to say.
Aleesha grabbed the arrow and yanked it out of it’s neck with a sickening sound.  I’m not quite sure if it was that sight and sound, or the whole situation all together, but I doubled over and heaved my lunch onto the ground.
“That was my reaction after my first few fights with the teroks,” Aleesha said.  I turned to see her finish wiping off the blade of her sword and putting it back into her scabbard.  “Of course,” she added with a smile, “I was only fourteen.  Come on, that was just a scouting party.  They came from the direction we’re heading, so we’ll have to move more to the northeast before we head back northwest for the tower.  It’ll add extra distance to our journey, but it’ll be safer.”
I sheathed my sword and followed along, drinking some water to rinse the foul taste from my mouth.  
“You’re pretty quick,” Aleesha said after a bit.
“Yeah, thanks.  It- the terok?- was trying to kill me,” I replied.
“Yes, those were teroks.  They fight for Silva,” she said.  “They’re a vicious race.  They come from a land north of Aton, on the other side of the Dragonridge Mountains.  She recruited them with the promise of land, riches, and, most importantly to them, killing as much as they want.”
“Why don’t they just fight Silva?” I asked.
“Because they fear her.  Silva, and her warlocks and witches, have kept them from crossing the Dragonridge Mountains for many years.  That is until she came to an agreement with them,” she explained.  
Aleesha didn’t stop looking around as she talked.  “We need to move more quickly,” she said as she started to run.
“No problem,” I said, following along.  We moved at a pretty easy pace down the trail.
“You mentioned you were fourteen when you started fighting,” I said.
“Yes,” she replied.  “Silva started this war when I was a baby.  When I was five, a terok raiding party attacked my village in southern Baynor, which is the land between Aton and Selenia.  The villagers, including my parents, took up whatever arms they could grab.  Some had swords, others had butcher knives, skinning knives, pitch forks- anything that could be used as a weapon.  Many of the villagers were killed before driving off the surviving teroks.  My parents were among those killed.  I saw…,” she paused, “I saw the teroks kill them.”
We ran on in silence for a while as we continued northeast through the trees along the trail.
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“Thanks,” Aleesha replied.  “I went south, with another family who graciously took me in.  We travelled with a few other families for many days before settling in a town in southern Selenia.  It was shortly after that when many towns realized Silva was a serious threat to all the people in all the lands.  Many towns and villages, including mine, began to teach all it’s people- men, women, and any child who was strong enough to hold a knife, or pull back a bow string, how to fight.  It’s where I learned the basics.  The same basics I started teaching you.”
“They came in handy and definitely saved my life,” I said.
“When I turned fourteen,” Aleesha continued, “I went north, on my own, to join with the resistance.  To fight Silva and free our lands.  To seek vengeance for slaughtering my parents, and many others.  That’s when I met Regent, and have met, and lost, many other brave men and women,” she finished, trailing off at the end.  She seemed to be thinking about her parents, and many other friends she had lost.  I can’t even begin to imagine what her life has been like, to see the things she has seen.  And, had to do the things she has done.
“Who rules over Selenia?” I asked.
“For now, no one, really,” she began.  “We used to have one ruler, but after King Theron died in battle, we’ve basically been on our own.  He had only been king for a short time.  He hadn’t married and had no children of his own to assume the throne.  He had a sister, but no one knows what happened to her.”
But then, she stopped, crouched, and held her hand up like when we saw those teroks a while back.  She moved back, slowly, and silently, until she was next to me.  She pointed to a very thick tree.  We crawled over to it, and laid low.  A few seconds later, I heard some footsteps, then saw some terok heading down the trail from the direction we were headed.  There was about a dozen total, coming through noisily, but also carefully watching everything around them.  They were a ferocious looking group.  They all carried swords like the first four we saw.  Three in this group carried bows, intricately carved from a black wood.  We silently watched them pass, hoping they wouldn’t see us, or any trace of us we may have left behind on the trail.
We stayed put for several more minutes after they passed by.  Slowly, Aleesha got up, looked around, listened carefully, and motioned for me to stay down.
“Sometimes the terok have two or three trailing behind them to sound a horn if they see anyone following,” she whispered.  “We must hurry and stay off the path.”
She motioned for me to follow, this time off the trails, heading directly northwest.  I guessed that we needed to hurry since we weren’t heading east to go around anymore.  Either that or the group that went by was the raiding party the scouting group was, well, scouting for.
“We’ll run until dark, then sleep,” Aleesha said.
I nodded in agreement as we shot across the trail we were on, headlong into the woods.  I tried to block out the fact that my life, our lives- were in danger.  I tried to block out the insanity of this whole situation I’m in.  Running helped with this.  Running along trails had always helped me feel free.  I did eventually get ‘lost’ in my surroundings.  I tried to find different trees, shrubs, flowers and wildlife.  There weren’t many shrubs, though.  The trees seemed to block out a lot of the light.  I picked out a few different things to ask Aleesha about once we stopped.  I saw a couple different berries and made a mental note to ask if they were poisonous or not, and a few animals to ask about.
The forest around us slowly darkened before Aleesha slowed and then eventually stopped.
“This seems like a good place to camp for the night,” she said.  “You run well.  You didn’t even slow down or complain the entire time.”  She smiled, and seemed impressed.
“Thanks,” I replied.  “I run all the time back home.  Sometimes I’ll run all day, through the night, and into the next day.”
“How do you see at night?” she asked, seeming a bit surprised.  “Do your people have some sort of night vision?”
“No,” I laughed.  “We carry lights with us to help us see where we’re going.”
“Interesting.  We can’t build a fire,” Aleesha said, “but we should be warm enough.  We don't want to attract any unwanted visitors.”
“Ah, that makes perfect sense,” I replied.  I took some food out of my pack and began to eat.
“We’ll have to keep watch while we sleep.  I’ll take the first watch while you sleep,” she explained, “and then I’ll wake you when it’s your turn.”
“Sounds safe.  Anything besides the terok I need to watch for?” I asked.
“No,” she replied.  “The woods are fairly safe around here.”
She pulled two dark green cloaks from her pack, and handed me one.  “They’re great for rain, chillier weather, and balled up as a pillow,” she said.
“Thanks,” I replied, taking the cloak from her.  I folded it up as best I could, and moved as many rocks and twigs from the area that would be my bed for the night.  There’d been a couple races where I was so exhausted that I dozed off on the ground for a half an hour or so, so this wasn’t anything totally new.  Considering the day I’d had, I wasn’t as physically exhausted, but more mentally exhausted than either of those races.  Plus, I didn’t have to fear for my life.  I knew it was going to be a long night, and an even longer day if I didn’t get at least a couple hours of sleep.
“I’ll wake you when it’s your turn.  Sleep as best you can,” Aleesha said.
“I’ll try,” I replied.  I found a spot that was somewhat comfy, closed my eyes, and tried not to think about where I was.
***
I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew, I was being gently shaken awake.
“Wh-wh-what?” I stammered, slightly disoriented.  I bolted upright, scared, forgetting exactly where I was.
“Davis, it’s okay,” I heard a female voice say.  “It’s me, Aleesha.”
Then it all came flooding back: the eerie winds, Malfius, Aleesha, the blue flash, Regent, the teroks.
“It’s your watch,” Aleesha said.  “Wake me when the sun begins to rise, or if something is wrong.”
She put her head on her cloak, and closed her eyes.  I was alone with my thoughts, and whatever else was lurking around in the night.  I knew that Aleesha said there were no dangerous animals in these woods- except the terok- but that didn’t stop my imagination from wandering.
For the rest of the time before sunrise, I jumped at almost every sound I heard, and there were lots!  I swore I’d have a heart attack before the night was through.  With all of the noises I heard, nothing seemed loud enough to wake Aleesha.  I’m not even sure she did sleep.  Her breathing sounded even, as if she was asleep, but I don’t think she moved the entire night.  After what seemed like days had passed, I could see just a hint of sunlight starting to come through the trees.  I stood up and walked over to Aleesha, to wake her.
“I’m up,” she said, sitting up before I even got over to her.  We ate a bit of food before repacking the cloaks.  Aleesha tried to cover over any sign of our having been there, but I don’t know how much it would help.  Plus, despite the little undergrowth there was in these forests, we probably were way off the main trail.  After spending a couple of minutes hiding our camp, we moved on at a fast hike before, eventually, to a slow run northwest to our destination.  
We moved at a slow run for a couple hours before pausing.  We didn’t talk at all during that time.  My thoughts were lost, thinking about the loved ones I’d left behind, what they must be doing, or wondering about me.  I was also enjoying the views.  The forest, and the animals in it, were quite beautiful.
“We’ll continue for a couple more hours,” Aleesha said, “before we stop for lunch.  We’ll practice some more sword work, too.”
“Sounds like a good plan,” I said.  “About how much longer before we reach the tower?”
“I’m hoping to be at the Tower of the Gray tomorrow night, before dark,” Aleesha said.
***
The next couple of hours went by quickly.  As far as I could tell, we didn’t see a single sign of any teroks, or anything, or anyone, else that served Silva.  During the two or so hours, I mostly stared at the ground right in front of me.  Since we were running, I didn’t want to hit any roots or rocks.  But, once in a while, I found myself staring off at the woods around me.  That’s when it hit me- every single one of the trees shot straight up into the air.  Not one tree slanted over in any direction.  Not one tree had an odd deformity that caused it to grow abnormally.  Every single tree shot gracefully into the air, with branches spreading as far and wide as they did up, reaching for the sky.  And, while I saw the occasional tree on the ground that seemed to have fallen long ago, I had not seen a single newly fallen tree, nor a single sapling.  All the trees seemed to be fully grown.
“Oof, oh, geez, sorry,” I said.  I was so lost in my own thoughts about the trees that I hadn’t realized Aleesha had slowed up.  I bumped right into her, sending both of us stumbling forward.
“That’s okay,” she said as we caught ourselves and regained our balance.  We continued on at a walk.
“I was looking at the trees,” I began, “and noticed that every single one appears perfect.  There’s not one sapling I’ve seen and the only fallen ones I’ve noticed are well over grown and rotting away as if they’d fallen many years ago.”
“Oh,” she said.  “We’re in the Forest of Angor,” she said as if that should have answered all of my questions.
“Okay,” I replied slowly.  “Who’s Angor?”
“He was a great wizard who loved living in the forests.  They say he used to be able to communicate with the animals and the trees, something no wizard, or warlock or witch for that matter, has been able to do for many decades.  Well, at least that I’ve heard of.  Legend says that Angor created this forest all by himself, though magic, love, and years of hard work.  He created it to hide from the rest of the world.  He had said that people were losing touch with nature and he didn’t want any part of such a world.
“The trees grow,” Aleesha continued, “straight, and tall.  Their branches growing wide to block out the sun so that it would be harder to find your way through the forest.  The trees grow without blemishes for the same reason- to make it harder to find your way.  With the trees looking, basically, all the same, it’s harder to remember where you are, or find your way through the forest by finding trees that are marked a certain way for bent a certain way.  Or, when Angor was alive a century ago, to make it harder to find him.”
“Wow.  He sounds a bit eccentric,” I responded.  Aleesha looked at me curiously.  “Odd, err, unusual,” I explained to help clarify what eccentric meant.
“Oh, that makes perfect sense.  Yes, he was a bit odd.  He never took on any apprentices-students- to pass his knowledge on to,” she said.  “Legend says that he may still be alive and that you can search these woods for a hundred years and never find him, or his home.  It is said that the forest itself, through it’s own magic and love for Angor, will guide you away without ever knowing you were even close.”
“Interesting,” I said.
“There are dozens of stories,” she continued, “about adventurers who say they caught a glimpse of him, or his home, but were carried away by the trees themselves.”
“Huh,” I said.  This place was, again, reminding me of the Lord of the Rings.  I wondered if I should ask about hobbits?  “Shall we stop here to eat?” I asked.
“We might as well.  And to also practice your sword work, “ Aleesha added.
We sat on the ground.  I ate some of the bread and a bit of the nuts and fruit, as well.  Aleesha ate some bread and a little of what looked like piece of beef jerky.  While we were eating, I started to crave coffee.  My mouth started to water just thinking about it.
“Aleesha,” I said, “Do you have any coffee?” I asked, expecting a ‘No, what’s that?’ but hoping for a ‘Hell yeah!’
“What’s that?” she asked in response with a quizzical look on her face.
My heart broke and I felt my face sag in sadness as my head dropped.
“It’s a drink made by slowly pouring hot water through ground up coffee beans.  The beans are picked from plants, then roasted.  From there, they’re ground up, put in a special filter that let’s the water soak into the ground beans, but then come slowly through into a mug to drink from.  The grounds stay in the filter since they don’t taste good on their own,” I explained.
“Oh,” she said.  Her face brightened up a bit, and I thought she was going to say they had something like it.
“We don’t have that, but there are some leaves that, when dried, we put in a special metal container and let it sit in hot water.  It makes something that we call ‘tea’,” she explained.
My face brightened a bit.
“Oh,” I said, excitedly, “Wow!  What a coincidence- we have tea also!”
“That really is odd,” she said.  “ There have been many coincidences, many similarities between our worlds.  It’s almost like our worlds are sister worlds- our languages, tea, days, moons, cycles, and more!”
“Yeah, it really is weird,” I agreed.
After eating for a while longer, Aleesha motioned me to draw my sword.
“Let’s get some practice in.  Put on your pack.  We need to be ready to go in case something, or someone, hears us,” she said.
As soon as I got my pack back on, she swung, coming in from high.
“Ah!” I yelped, blocking the swing, but losing my balance and falling over.  “What was that for?  I wasn’t ready yet!” I exclaimed.
“You must be ready for anything,” Aleesha explained.  “Your enemy will not wait for you to prepare.”
I got back up and into my stance.  Aleesha then came at me, slow for her, from different angles as I practiced different blocks.  She also showed me how to move my feet to meet different attacks from different directions.
“Good,” Aleesha said, speeding up her attacks.
“Ow!  Crap!” I yelped after catching the side of the blade with my hip.
Aleesha just laughed and came on faster.
After blocking a low swing coming in from my left, I swung the flat of my blade, as quick as I could, back at her right hip.  She must have seen it coming as she easily blocked it, spun around and, next thing I knew, the edge of her sword was right against my neck.
“Not bad,” she said, sheathing her sword.  “That may have cut many a terok.  I guess I should teach you some counter attacks, too,” she added.  “That is if Gerol can’t find a way to send you back to your home when we get there.”
“Yeah.  If he can’t, I’ll need to know.  I can’t block forever, and running may not always be an option,” I said.  I put my sword back into it’s scabbard.
“Come on, we need to run on.  You yelped like a little girl when I tapped you on the hip and any teroks within a hundred miles may have heard you,” Aleesha quipped with a smile, and took off.
“Hey!” I shouted, running after her.  “That wasn’t a tap!  That hurt!”
“Keep your eyes and ears open, and no more talking as we run.  If you see or hear anything before I do, tap me on the back,” she explained.
Aleesha picked up the pace more.  I guess we really did make a lot of noise while practicing.  Plus, the good natured yelling back and forth didn’t help, I’m sure.
Knowing of the Legend of Angor, I paid even closer attention to what was around us.  I wasn’t necessarily looking at the trees, plants and animals as I had before, but more to what was between the trees.  I found myself looking out for any sign of Angor’s home, or any home, I guess, along with looking out for any teroks.  I began to wonder if I found Angor, if he was, according to the legend, still alive and if he would be able to send me back home.  I decided if Gerol couldn’t help me, then I would come back and look for Angor.  But, I’d have to convince Aleesha to leave her cause, and join me as I would not be able to find my way around the Forest of Angor by myself.  I’d have to remember to talk with Gerol, as well, about Angor, and if he thought Angor could help me.
Time passed fairly quickly at the faster pace we were running.  Aleesha never signaled if she had seen any sign of teroks.  I hadn’t seen much of anything alive besides the birds and the other animals I’d seen before, plus a couple new ones.  One animal looked a lot like a miniature porcupine, plus I saw a few new birds.
Aleesha slowed up to a walk, and I slowed up next to her.
“We should be safer, now.  We put a lot of distance between where our last stop was and here,” she said, breathing a bit heavier than normal.  “The main path leading to the Tower of the Gray shouldn’t be more than a few more minutes walking and then the tower itself is about an hours walk after that.”
“Oh, awesome,” I said.  I took out and opened one of the gels I had.  Aleesha watched me tear it open.
“It’s a gel,” I said.  “It’s a thick liquid form of food.  They’re packaged small for easy carrying.  This one has a bit of a strawberry flavor to it.  Strawberries are one of my favorite fruits,” I explained, suddenly missing home greatly, and wishing I had some real strawberries to eat.  
“Would you like to try some?” I asked.
“Sure,” Aleesha said.  “How do you eat it?” she asked.
“Hold out your finger and I’ll squeeze a little bit on it,” I told her.  I squeezed just a bit onto her finger.  I sucked down the rest from the gel’s pack as I watched Aleesha sniff the gel on her finger, then put it in her mouth.  She gave me an odd look.
“That’s your favorite fruit?” she said, with a hint of disgust in her voice.
“Well, it has a bit of the strawberry flavor in it,” I tried to explain.  “Actual strawberries taste so much better,” I said.
“If you say so,” she said, drinking some water and eating some of the bread she had.
I rolled up the gel packet and put it back into my pack.  I sure didn’t want to litter this pristine forest.  Or chance angering it if I needed Angor’s help.  I had a few more of the nuts from my pack, along with some water, as we hiked.
A few minutes later, as Aleesha had predicted, we reached the trail.
“To the northwest,” she said, pointing to the right.  To the right we went, continuing our journey.
The Tower of the Gray
We continued on the main trail for about ten more minutes when the trail began to curve to the left.  Once we reached the apex of the turn, there, in front of us was, well, had to be, the Tower of the Gray.
The tower itself was about forty feet tall.  Attached to the side of it was a one story stone building with a slanted wood roof.  Both buildings were made from the same kind of dark gray stone.  The side of the tower I could see only had a couple windows in it.  By windows, I mean small openings in the wall.  There wasn’t any glass, curtains or shutters, or anything else that I could see, covering the openings.  There were three steps at the base of the tower leading to a door.  The building attached to it had one window that I could see.  That one had shutters attached to each side, unlike the tower, to close in case of bad weather, I guessed.  The one story building also had a separate door.
“Welcome to the Tower of the Gray,” Aleesha said.
We walked up the three steps to the door, and, without knocking, Aleesha lifted a lever, and pushed the door creakily in.
“Hello!” Aleesha yelled.  “Gerol?  Colin?  Cerena?  Anybody here?”
“Up here, Aleesha,” I heard a man said as we walked into the tower.
The inside was circular in shape.  Immediately to our left was a wooden staircase that spiraled up to the next floor.  Under the stairs was a door that must lead to the building that was attached to the tower.  On the right side was a large stone fireplace, with a chimney that went through the ceiling.  Hanging over where a fire would be was a black cauldron.  There was no fire in the fireplace right now, but it smelled as if there was one burning.  To the left and right of the fireplace were shelves, which were filled with all sorts of wood boxes of various sizes.  Under the shelves were some more boxes, as well as some shovels, axes, and a pitchfork.  It smelled really good in here.  There were all sorts of scents.  Almost like a spice shop and a tea shop combined together with a campfire. 
“That chimney,” Aleesha explained, “ is for a fireplace on each of the three levels.  Each level has a small whole to vent the smoke, with a main whole at the top of the tower.  There’s always a fire burning on the second floor, where Gerol does most of his work.  This level is mostly for supplies.  Colin and Cerena live on the third floor, and the fourth floor is another area where Gerol does some work, but also has more supplies in it.  The house, where Gerol lives, is through the door under the stairs.”
“Let’s head upstairs,” she said.
I followed closely behind, very curious about what a real wizard’s lab might look like.  I’d seen many in different fantasy movies, and read many descriptions in books, but this was real.  The steps led right up through the floor into a wide open room, much like the first floor.  There was a fire burning in the fireplace on this floor, as Aleesha said there usually was.  The stairs continued up to the next floor, but there was a closed door covering it.  I noticed that there was a similar door as well for this floor latched to the wall next to the opening.  This room had workbenches running along all the walls to the right and left of the fireplace.  Above and below the workbenches were a row of shelves.  On the benches were all sorts of glass vials, jars, and tubes.  Some vials were being heated over small fires, others were attached to each other by tubes going from one to the other.  The shelves above had all sorts of vials of various sizes.  Some were filled with liquids, some were empty.  Some of the liquids were clear, others were various shades of red, yellow, green, blue- you name a color, it was probably there.  The shelves below were filled with open crates of vials, jars, and tubes.  The benches also had all sorts of other tools, probably for scooping, measuring, pouring, cleaning, and stirring whatever it was they were working on.
“Aleesha!” an older man dressed in a gray robe said affectionately, as he turned around.  His welcoming smile changed a bit when he saw me.  “And this is…,” he continued.
“My name is Davis,” I said.
“Ah, Davis, yes.  I’ve heard talk of you.  Yes, thank you for saving Aleesha.  That was a very brave thing you did,” Gerol said.  “Oh, yes, yes, where are my manners.  My name is Gerol and this,” he added, “is Colin.  Colin and his twin sister, Cerena are my apprentices.  She’s out gathering herbs right now,” he said, to explain her absence. 
“Nice to meet you,” Colin said.  Colin looked to be a few years younger than I was.  He was about six feet tall, had shoulder length, scraggly blonde hair, and blue eyes.  He, like Gerol, was wearing a gray robe.  It must be some sort of wizard uniform I guessed.
“Nice to meet you, too,” I said, as Colin turned to Aleesha.
“It’s good to see you,” Colin said to Aleesha.
“Likewise, Colin,” Aleesha replied.
“Colin, run downstairs and start heating some water for tea for our guests,” Gerol ordered.  Colin nodded and headed down the stairs.
“So, Davis, I know a bit of who you are, and it’s obvious that you are not…from around here.  Please, tell me, what exactly happened?” Gerol asked.
“Well,” I began, “I was running through the woods when an eerie wind swept through.  I got this weird feeling, so I stopped and headed into the woods, towards where the wind came from.  As I went into the woods, the sky grew dark and the trees seemed…different.  I also saw a bluish colored light and heard a voice chanting.  The feeling that something was wrong grew, so I continued towards the voice.”
“You were running?” Gerol asked.  “Were you being chased?”
“No, nothing like that.  Where I’m from,” I replied, “people run for exercise and because they love it.”
“Oh, that’s, um interesting,”  Gerol said.  “Please, continue.”
“As I went further into the forest I saw Malfius and Aleesha.  Aleesha was floating in the air.  The blue light seemed to be coming from Malfius’s staff.  From the eyes of a dragon’s head on top of the staff to be exact,” I said.  “It was obvious that his intentions were evil, so I charged and tackled him.  When I looked up, he was standing over me.  Then there was a blue flash of light and, the next thing I knew, I woke up here.”
“Oh, dear, oh dear,” Gerol said worriedly.  He put his hand to his chin and scratched it, deep in thought.  “I wonder…,” he muttered.  “No, it couldn’t be…Let’s head down to the house for some tea.”
“Don’t mind Gerol,” Aleesha whispered.  “He tends to talk to himself a bit when he’s deep in thought.”
“I’m just wondering what he’s thinking,” I said.  “I hope he can figure out how to send me home.”
We walked through the door from the tower into Gerol’s house.  The ceiling was lined with all different types of plants and flowers hanging from strings.  They were all in various states of drying.  The fragrance they released was much like the tower where we first entered.  There was a wooden table large enough for about six people to sit at.  There was a long bench on each side of it and a wooden chair at each end.  There were four mugs on the table along with some bread and fruit.  Along the right was a stone fireplace.  It was made of the same stone as the tower.  There was a small fire burning and a small black pot hanging from a piece of metal that went from one side of the fireplace to the other.
“Please, sit,” said Gerol, motioning us to the table.
“Gerol, on our way here we ran into some trouble with teroks.  We dispatched a scouting party, but there was also a raiding party of about twelve headed in the general direction of Harn,” Aleesha stated, with a worried look on her face.  
Colin came over and put a metal ball with holes in it into each mug.  He had a worried look on his face, too.
“Hmmm, interesting,” Gerol said.  “They’ve dealt with them before.  Twelve teroks are definitely no match for Harn,” he said with a laugh.
“I know, but I thought you should know as well since the teroks are in the area again,” Aleesha said.
“Those are for the tea that I told you about on our journey,” Aleesha explained, pointing to the metal balls.  She turned to Gerol.  “They have tea where Davis is from as well.  There are a lot of similarities between our worlds.”
“Yes, yes, interesting,” Gerol said, scratching his chin.  I went on to explain about our days, months, years, and seasons as Colin poured the water for our tea.  When he was done, he sat to join us.  Gerol scratched his chin intermittently, muttering once in a while as I told him more about my world.
“Is there any way you can get me home?” I asked hoping he’d say yes.
“Yes, hmmm…,” he muttered.  “It sounds like Malfius was trying to use you, Aleesha, to open a portal to another world.  I’d heard rumors of this from other wizards, but I didn’t think it was true.  Can it be true?” he asked to himself.  “No, no, it can’t be…”  Gerol seemed lost again, scratching his chin and muttering to himself.
“What?” Aleesha said.  “What can’t be true?” she asked with more urgency.
“I’d, heard,” Gerol explained, leaning in closer as if he was afraid to be heard, “that Malfius and other warlocks and witches were attempting to open portals to other worlds to find, and bring forth, Ungeth.”
Colin gasped and dropped his mug of tea.  It shattered into tiny pieces as it hit the floor.  Aleesha froze, her eyes opened wide, mouth agape in shock.
“What’s Ungeth?” I asked.
“Ungeth,” Gerol whispered, “was a three headed dragon that terrorized this world for decades.  He was under the control of Silva’s great-grandmother, Yakeesh.   Yakeesh used a staff that had three dragon heads on the end of it to control Ungeth.  If not for that staff, he would have destroyed her immediately and possibly saved the world from a lot of death and destruction.  Though, it’s hard to say what Ungeth would have done when he was first called here if Yakeesh didn’t have control over him.  For many years, Yakeesh destroyed kingdom after kingdom with the help of Ungeth, and the teroks.  There seemed almost no hope for mankind.  
“That is,” he continued, “until a wizard named Teresa found a way to banish Ungeth and send him back to his land.  To do this, Teresa needed the help of three other wizards.  She would need one wizard to cast the a spell at Yakeesh to hold her in place.  The other three wizards, Teresa included, would cast the spell of banishment on Yakeesh’s staff.  The spell would destroy the staff, sending Ungeth back to his home.  All of them knew they probably would not survive even if they were to succeed.  Together, the four of them, along with an escort of twenty warriors, snuck into Aton.  It was a very dangerous mission.  Most of the warriors died along the way.  By the time they reached Yakeesh’s tower, the Tower of the Witch, where Silva now lives, there were only three left.
“Once in the tower, the wizards made their way to the top floor, to the chambers of Yakeesh.  But, she knew they were coming.  A magical fight ensued.  A magical fight like none have ever seen before, and none have seen since.  The tower was almost destroyed in the fight.  Not knowing what was going on, Yakeesh’s warlocks and witches, as well as her teroks and human guards, fled the tower, fearing for their lives.  Eventually, one of the wizards managed to cast the spell to hold Yakeesh in place, but not before losing one wizard in the battle.  While holding her in place, Teresa and another wizard began to cast their spells of banishment on the staff.  When their casting was done, the staff floated into the air and began to spin wildly, the eyes of the three dragon’s head glowing brighter and brighter.  The wizard that had cast the spell of holding on Yakeesh lost his concentration while watching the staff.  When they were not paying attention, Yakeesh dove for the staff as it spun out of control.  Before she could get to it, the staff began to break apart, and then exploded.  Teresa and the other two wizards had backed away enough that they did not get seriously hurt.  What they saw left of the staff were two dragon heads.  One with red eyes, and the other with green eyes.  The dragon’s head with blue eyes was not there.  Neither was Yakeesh.  No one knows exactly what happened to Yakeesh, or the other dragon’s head.  Until now, that is.”
“That’s some story,” I said, breaking the silence.
“Do you think the dragon’s head on top of Malfius’s staff was the one from Yakeesh’s staff that was missing?” Colin asked.
“I don’t think it is,” Gerol said.  “I know it is.  No other staff had the power to open portals to other dimensions.  No one ever really knew how Yakeesh managed to do it, but it seems that this power was passed down to Silva, who in turn gave this knowledge to Malfius.”
Aleesha sat back, taking a sip of her tea.  Colin began picking up the pieces of his mug. 
“Cant’ you figure it out to send me back?” I asked.  “If they can do this to bring me through, why can’t you do it to send me home?”
“It’s not that easy, Davis,” Gerol said, looking at me sympathetically.  “You see, Malfius had Aleesha because he needed a sacrifice, a human sacrifice, to bring you here as Yakeesh needed a sacrifice to bring Ungeth forth decades ago.”
I looked down at the floor, my face betraying my sadness.
“I will not kill an innocent person to send you home,” Gerol finished.
“I know,” I said looking back up at Gerol.  “Nor could I ask you to, no matter how much I want to get home.”
“We have another problem, too,” Gerol began.  All three of us looked at him.  “We know where the head of the dragon staff with the red eyes is, and it is safe, but we lost the green eyed head about twenty years ago.  A wizard named Talia, granddaughter of Teresa, had it.  She went missing.  After a long search, her body was found.  She had been murdered, but it was never found out who did it.  But now, I think I know.  There’s no way Silva would give Malfius the blue eyed dragon head unless she had one of her own.  She would not give up that much power.  Silva must have killed Talia and taken it for herself, giving Malfius the blue eyed dragon head, the weakest of the three.”
Gerol paused for a moment, taking a sip of tea.  Colin had returned to the table with another steaming mug.
“The green eyed dragon,” he continued, “was the next most powerful.  The red was the most powerful of all three.  Without it, it does not seem like Silva can call on the power of Ungeth, yet.  When they perform the ceremony, they must be opening random portals.   Who knows who, or what else they have pulled through.”
Gerol laughed.  “It must have been quite a shock when he realized he pulled you through, Davis.”
We all laughed, breaking some of the tension.
“Do you think you could help me find another way to get home?” I asked.
“Of course, of course…” Gerol said, scratching his chin.
I thought about my phone, and my watch.  They both had GPS capabilities.  I knew that their batterie were dead, but who knew what Gerol could do.
“I have something the may help,” I said, reaching into my pack.  I pulled out my watch and the phone.  All three had puzzled looks on their faces.
“This,” I began, handing the watch to Gerol, “Is a watch.  Where I’m from we use them for many things.  This one can tell me how far I have run, how fast, how much energy I have used, and, the part that may help, it can figure out where I am.  The information showing where I was when I entered your world will be on the watch.”  
Gerol examined the watch, scratched his chin, and muttered to himself.
“It is powered by a battery,” I continued, “but the battery has limited power and needs to be recharged.  This,” I said, handing him my phone, “is a phone.  It’s used to communicate with other people across very, very long distances.  It’s dead also, as it’s battery has run out.  The phone can also tell me where I am, when I’m in my world.”
Gerol took the phone, too, and examined it.  
“Those are very powerful things,” Colin said.  “How do they work?”
“Well,” I said, wondering where to begin, “they work with something called GPS- Global Positioning System.  It can tell you where you are by using satellites that are way up high in the sky that send messages to them.”
“And they don’t fall on you?” Aleesha asked, shocked by what I had said.
“No, no.  They are up in…well, they’re in space, outside of our world, so they can’t fall,” I said, trying to explain it as best I could without confusing them more, or without having them ask any more questions as I wasn’t totally sure how it worked myself.
“Yes, yes…interesting,” Gerol muttered.  He got up from the table and walked back through the door into the tower, talking to himself the whole way, staring at my phone and my watch.
Colin got up and cleared off the mugs.  When he came back, he had three mugs of water.  We sat in silence for a bit, sipping our water and eating the bread and fruit that was in front of us.  I tried to stifle a yawn, but could not.
“You both must be tired after your journey to the tower,” Colin said.  “I’ll head upstairs and get a couple extra beds ready.”  He got up from the table and headed through the door into the tower.
“Ungeth.  I can’t believe it,” Aleesha muttered to herself.  She looked up at me, “Ungeth was used to scare us when we were kids if we were naughty, or wouldn’t do our chores.  ‘We’ll send you to Ungeth if you don’t listen’ or ‘Ungeth will come get you if you don’t split that wood’.  It’s scary to think that he might be brought back.”  She fell silent and picked at the piece of bread in front of her.
“Do you think Gerol can help me find a way home?” I asked, breaking the silence.
“If anyone can, without sacrificing someone, it would be Gerol,” Aleesha assured me.
The front door opened, and in walked a very beautiful young lady.  From her long blond hair, and her blue eyes I could tell that she must be Cerena, Colin’s twin sister.  She was carrying a basket filled with different flowers and herbs.
“Aleesha!” she squealed with delight.  She ran over to Aleesha, who stood up and smiled as the two hugged.  “It’s so nice to see you again.”
“Likewise, Cerena,” Aleesha replied.  “This is Davis.”
“Oh, yes, hi Davis, nice to meet you.  We’ve heard a bit about you from people coming and going,” she said with a smile.
“It’s nice to meet you, too, Cerena,” I said.  I could hardly take my eyes off of her- she was gorgeous!
“Tell me, Aleesha, how was your journey from Harn?” Cerena asked.
Aleesha told her of the teroks we encountered on the way.  Cerena seemed a bit concerned about them.
When Aleesha finished, Cerena asked, “Davis, I only know a bit about you, and that you saved Aleesha, but how did you get here?”
I retold the tale as I had told it to Gerol.  Aleesha filled in what happened after I was knocked unconscious.  Cerena seemed very concerned when Aleesha told her about the dragon headed staves and also the possibility that Silva is trying to recall Ungeth.
“Gerol is upstairs now with two things from Davis that might help find a way home for him,” Aleesha said.
“Why don’t you two head upstairs while I hang these to dry,” Cerena said,  picking up her basket.
***
Back on the second floor, Gerol was examining my cell phone with a piece of glass.  The way he was looking through it I figured it was some sort of magnifying glass.  He kept muttering to himself as he was looking through it, but it was too soft for me to make out what he was saying.  I thought about an experiment we did in school long ago where we would use an apple as a source of power to make these little digital clocks work.  I don’t know if it would work on anything as powerful as my phone, though.  But it’d be worth a shot.
“I rem-,”  was all I could get out before Gerol held up his and and gave me a loud, “Tut-tut!” to cut me off.
“But when I was,” I said as fast as I could, but he stopped me again.
“How am I supposed to figure out how this works with you interrupting?” Gerol asked.
“I think I have a way to get it to work,” I responded as quick as I could.
Gerol raised an eyebrow at me.  “Well,” he said.
“Well, what?” I asked.
“What is it,” he answered.
“Oh, if you use a piece of fruit, an apple in our world, and stick some wires from it, then attach the wires to what you want to power up with electricity, it’ll start up.  But we only did it with small things, nothing like the phone or watch with GPS functions.  It might work.” I explained.  “You have a fruit that looks like an apple,” I added as I looked at Aleesha.
“Yes, the-” 
“Hmmmm…,” he said.  “Interesting,” he continued as he walked downstairs.  He seemed to be ignoring both of us.
“Should we follow?” I asked Aleesha as I turned to go with Gerol.
“No,” she laughed.  “He’s fine.  He’s kind of in his own little world when he works.”
Gerol came back upstairs with a piece of fruit.  It was the one I had eaten back in Harn when I first woke up.  It was the one that looked like an apple.  At the same time, Colin came back down from the third floor.
“Colin,” Gerol said without even looking, “can you get me two pieces of wire?” he finished.
Colin rummaged through a wood box on a shelf below the benches and came back up with two pieces of silver wire, each about six or seven inches long.  He brought them over to Gerol.  Gerol picked up the fruit, took a small bight, then stuck an end of each wire into it.  He then put it on the bench next to my phone and stuck the ends into the charger port.  
“Hmmmm…,” he said.  “Interesting.”
“What is it?” I asked, waking over.  “Is it working?”
“No, not at all.  Well, not yet anyway,” he said, smiling at me.  “Give it time, it may work,” he continued as he turned around and picked up my watch.  “Colin, get me another aver and four more pieces of wire.”  My watch, I knew from charging it many times, had four contact points on it.
Colin ran downstairs and right back up.  He had a couple avers in his hand and offered some to us.  I wasn’t hungry, but took one anyway.  He gave the last two to Gerol.  After Colin got the four more wires for Gerol, he stuck them into the aver and then held all four to the watch contact points.
“Hmmmm…,” he said.  “Oh!  I saw something light up but then it went right out!”  he exclaimed.
I ran over to see.  “What was it?  What did it say?” I asked impatiently.
“I’m not sure.  It was black lines, but it was too fast to really make anything out,” he replied.
“Maybe that means the watch is charging,” I added hopefully.  Gerol looked at me oddly.  “Charging,” I said.  “The battery in it is filling up with power to make the watch work.  It’s what I hope is happening to the phone, too.”
“Ah…makes sense,” Gerol replied.  He was still holding the wires to the contact points as he looked around the room.
“Colin, can you get me some string?” he asked.
Colin went to another wood box and pulled out a ball of yellowish string and brought it over to Gerol.  Gerol unravelled a length of it, then cut it with a knife that was on the table.  He then wrapped it around the watch and tied it tightly.  Then, he slid the wires back in place over the contacts, so that the string would hold them in place while the watch, hopefully, charged.
“I’ll have to check through my spell books to see if I can find something that might be able to help me add some power to your watch and phone,” he said as he walked over to a shelf with some books on it.
“The watch and the phone both store information on them of where I go when I run, or where I’m driving to if I need directions to get there.  They’re stored as maps inside them,” I explained.
“Hmmm…very interesting indeed,” he responded with a laugh, stroking his chin.  “Very good to know,” he added as he began to pull books off the shelf.  “Very good indeed.”  I’m sure anything else I said wouldn’t be heard.  He seemed to be back into his own world, as Aleesha said he tends to be when he works.
“Colin, what can you tell me about Angor?” I asked.  “Aleesha told me of his legend, but thought you might know more.  I want to find him to see if he can help me.”
“I don’t know much about him,” he began, as Gerol looked up from his books.  “I really only know what the legends say.”
“I know something of Angor,” Gerol said, looking up from his books.  “What do you wish to know?”  He didn’t have that usual smile, or look of thoughtfulness on his face.  I’m not sure what it was, but he seemed to become very serious.
“How can I find him?” I responded honestly.  “I heard he was one of the most powerful wizards ever and thought he’d know of a way to send me back home.”
“Yes, yes, he might,” Gerol said, that look of thoughtfulness returning, along with the chin scratching.  “It will be almost impossible to find him, but it can’t hurt to look!” he added, laughing.  “Let me work on this some more, then, tomorrow, we’ll talk about Angor,” he said, as he went back to his books.
“Let’s head up and get some sleep.  Colin probably has the beds set up by now,” Aleesha said, leading me to the stairs.  We went up to the third floor.  There were two beds set up like the ones in harn and two mattresses laid on the floor as well.  Near each bed was a dresser with two drawers and a small table with a chair.  Both tables had books piled on them as well as some writing instruments.
I laid down on the bed.  “Thanks for your help, Aleesha,” I said.
“No problem, Davis.  I’ sure we’ll get you home,” she replied.
I pulled a blanket over me and was asleep within minutes.
***
I woke up to the sounds of feet shuffling, and people whispering.  It took me a moment to remember where I was.  At first, I thought I was home and couldn’t figure out why there was talking and people walking around.  I was disappointed when I remembered I was still in Selenia.  I saw Cerena and Colin walking downstairs.  Aleesha was already gone.  I got up and headed down as well.
When I got to the second floor, Gerol was still working at his table.  I wasn’t sure if he even went to sleep.  He looked like he was in the same position as when I walked through last night when I went to bed and he was wearing the same robes.
“Good morning!”  Cerena said cheerfully.  “There’s fruit, bread and tea already at the table in the kitchen.”
“Thanks,” I muttered sleepily.  ‘I really could use some coffee, but I guess the tea will do,’ I thought.
Cerena and Colin were already at work at different tables.  I had no idea what they were making, but the smells coming from room weren’t that pleasant.
“Did you get anything to work yet, Gerol?” I inquired.
He shook his head ‘no’ without looking up or saying a word.
Feeling down because of the ‘no’ head shake, I walked downstairs, into the kitchen.  Aleesha was already at the table.  She was finishing up her breakfast when I sat down to a plate that had bread and fruit on it.
“Morning,” she said.  She looked like she was still half asleep.  I sure I looked the same as I still wasn’t fully awake either.  “I hate how chipper those three are in the morning.  I have no idea how they do it.  It has to be some sort of wizard trick.”
I laughed as I munched on the bread.  One thing I can say, they really made some great bread in this world.  The tea was pretty good, too, but it’s no Sumatran blend coffee.
Cerena came down as I finished.  She cleared off my plate and mug from the table as well as Aleesha’s.
“I feel like there’s nothing in my control to get me back home.  I hate it,” I complained.
“Let’s go outside,” Aleesha said as she took me by the arm.  “We can get some sword practice in.  You’ll need it for the Forest of Angor if we are to return.”
“We?  I don’t mean for you to get into this with me.  You need to get back to Harn,” I said, a bit more harshly than I intended.
“You wouldn’t survive one night without me,” Aleesha said with a smile.
“Oh, I think I could.  I’m quiet,” Aleesha began to laugh at me, “I’m fast and can out run anything out there!” I told her.
“Oh, I don’t think you can out run an arrow shot at your back!” she replied, laughing still.  “But thank you for thinking of Harn and my responsibilities there.  I will help you get home.”  She stopped laughing at this point and her demeanor was quite serious.  She was definitely committed to helping me get home.  That was nice to know.
“Now, let’s get out and practice some sword fighting,” Aleesha said, heading out the door after she put her boots on.  I put mine on and followed her out.
Cerena came out, too.  “Then I’d be happy to show you some plants you can use to help injuries heal and some plants and berries that are safe to eat.”
“Thanks,” I replied.  Her eyes were real easy to get lost in.  “That’d be great.”
Aleesha already had her sword drawn and was ready to go.  “Sword up,” she said, smiling.  “This time I’m not going to be so easy on you.”
“Ooh, this should be fun,” Cerena said.  When I looked over at her to say something, she had her hands out and her palms up.  Over her hands, and around her head, she had several butterflies flitting around.
“OW!” I screamed, as Aleesha whacked me on the hip with the flat of her blade.  “That’s not fair!  I got distracted by Cerena!”
Both ladies laughed.  “What, you’ve never seen anyone make butterflies dance?” Cerena said innocently.
“Come on, Cerena, quit distracting the poor boy,” Aleesha added.
“Oh, now you’re in for it,” I replied, taking a hard swing at Aleesha’s side.  She jumped back a bit as she brought her sword down, blocking my attack fairly easily.
“Good! But don’t stop with the one attack,” she said.  “You had me going backwards, keep pressing the attack!”
I continued with another low attack.  She blocked it again by jumping back and bringing her sword down.
“Good, now follow up with a high attack,” she instructed.
I stepped forward and attacked high.  She moved back a bit and brought her sword up.  Then she brought it down quick towards my open side.  I jumped back and brought my sword down, pointing the tip towards the ground to stop her strike.  Quickly, she brought her sword back up and attacked high.  I stepped back again, bringing my sword up and blocking her sword.  We continued like this for at least an hour, exchanging multiple attacks in a row.  Once in a while I’d think I was getting close to hitting Aleesha, but she always seemed a step, or two, ahead.  I got slapped by her blade a few more times before I had enough.
When we finished, Cerena was clapping and laughing.  “Good show,” she said with a smile.  “Now, I can show you some plants that can help with the pain from all those hits you took,” she added with a smile.  “Follow me.”
We walked around towards the back of the tower to a narrow, but obviously well used trail.
“A ways down this trail is an area where the yuca plant grows.  If you suck on their leaves for a bit, they can help relieve some minor pains, like from all those slaps you got from Aleesha’s blade.”  She turned towards me with a smile as she added that last line.
“What does it look like?” I asked, trying to change the subject.
“It’s a bush that can grow to about three feet high.  The leaves are small and have an oval shape.  They’re about the size of your eyes.  The edges of the leaves look like they’re barbed, but they’re not sharp at all,” she explained.
“How did you make those butterflies dance?” I asked.
“It’s a trick I learned when I was much younger.  It was before I really knew that I was a bit different from others because of my magic.  I don’t say any words out loud, I just hold my arms out, like you saw, and think about butterflies and they come,” she explained.  “I used to love doing it as a child.  It was so much fun seeing them close up.  They’re such beautiful creatures.  I guess I still love to do it.”
“Can you do that with birds or animals?” I asked.
“Well, I’ve been working on that.  I can get a sparrow to come once in a while, but I have trouble communicating with them.  With the butterflies, I can think about how I want them to flit about, and they do it.  But the sparrow doesn’t seem to understand, either that or I can’t quite get through to it yet,” she explained.
“Do you think the butterflies might be able to help find Angor?” I asked, hoping for a yes.
“Well, I doubt it.  Butterflies aren’t that bright.  Sorry,” she answered.
I was hoping she’d be able to do more.  I remembered the legend about Angor saying something about him being able to communicate with nature.  I was hoping Cerena might be able to help communicate with other animals to help us find him.
“That’s alright,” I responded.  “That’s why I asked about other animals, too.”
“I thought so.  I’ll keep working at it.  I do love practicing my magic and I really want to be able to use my magic with nature, like Angor did,” she said.
We walked for a couple more minutes before we found the yuca bush.  Cerena plucked off a leaf and handed it to me.  I popped it into my mouth.
“Now, chew it just a bit, but then let if just sit in your mouth and swallow the juices as they come out,” she explained, “but make sure you don’t eat the leaf,” she warned.
“Why not?” I asked, wondering what could happen with such a small leaf.
“Well, you’ll throw up.  A lot.  For a couple hours,” she answered as she picked off more leaves.  “Spit it out when the it starts to taste sour, too.”
“Oh, ok.  I’ll keep that in mind.  Thanks for the advice,” I said with a smile.  We went back towards the tower.
Within a couple minutes, the leaf got really nasty, quickly, so I spit it out.
“Got anything I could use to rinse out that taste?” I asked.
“No, but I’ll show you some berries you can eat up ahead.  They have a strong flavor and are slightly sweet,” she explained.  “They are a bluish color when they’re ripe, red when they are not.  They’re small, maybe about the size of my pinky fingernail,” she said, holding her hand up towards me.  “The plant that it grows on can get pretty tall, and wide.  The birds absolutely love them, too.”
“What are they called?” I asked.
“Staveberries,” she replied.
As we went around the next corner, we saw one.   It was a fairly large bush.  It really did look a lot like a blueberry bush, except the blueberries were about the size of a grape.  There were a few birds sitting in the bush, eating away and singing happily.
“Wait,” I whispered to Cerena, gently grabbing her arm.  “Be calm, breathe deep, and think about the birds.  See if you can get one to come to you.”
Cerena smiled and slowly walked up to the staveberry bush.  She looked very calm and peaceful as she strode forward.  When she stopped, she slowly held out her arm.  It may have been the angle of the sun, but Cerena seemed to have a slight glow about her.  Just then, one of the birds, a medium sized bird with mostly orange and red feathers, landed on her arm.  She smiled, looking into the eyes of the bird.  The bird was looking back, and chirping!  I couldn’t believe it!  Her smile got bigger as she held the bird closer to the bush and it hopped off of her arm and back onto the bush.
“Oh my, that was amazing!” she said enthusiastically.
“What did you say to it?” I asked.
“I asked him about the berries, if they were any good or not.  He said they were delicious this time of year.  I asked if he minded sharing them and he said not at all!”  Cerena was still smiling from ear to ear.  I joined her at the bush and we started eating some berries.  After we had our fill, we picked a bunch more to carry back to the tower for the others.
“What type of bird was that?” I asked.
“He was a flamebird,” she answered.  “They’re one of the smartest birds in the forest.  If any bird can help us find Angor, it’ll be them,” she added.
I smiled at the thought.  To think that I’d get lost in some alternate universe and need the help of wizards and birds to find my way home.  I laughed a bit out loud.
“What’s so funny?” Cerena asked.
“Well, it just struck me as funny that I’d be getting the help of wizards and birds to find my way home,” I told her truthfully.
“And what’s so odd about that?  It’s not so odd,” she said.  She was trying to act hurt and even went so far as to put a fake pout on her face.
“Aw, I’m so sorry, my lady, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings,” I replied, bowing deeply and laughing.
“Oh, stop, or I’ll have him poop on you!” she yelled.
She turned around and held her arm out again.  Within a few seconds, the same bird came back to her.  They looked each other in the eyes, the bird chirping once in a while.  Sometimes it even seemed to be nodding.  Then, it flew down the trail in the direction of the tower.
“What did he say?” I asked.
“I asked if he had ever been to Angor Forest.  He asked me why and I told him your story.  Well, the brief version,” she answered.  “He hadn’t, but said he’d go there and see what he can find.”
I smiled at the thought.
“That’s awesome! Thanks!” I replied.
We walked the rest of the distance back to the tower in silence.  When we went back into the house, Gerol, Aleesha and Colin were sitting at the table.  The smells of the house seemed even better than earlier today.  There was something delicious smelling cooking in the pot over the fire.  Everyone turned and looked as we entered.
“Come, sit,” said Gerol, patting the bench next to his chair.
I sat down next to him.  Cerena put the staveberries she had into a bowl on the table.  I had forgotten about them, and quickly added mine.
“I haven’t figured anything out with your watch and phone.  I can’t get either to power up, as you called it, with the fruits,” Gerol began.  “I also haven’t been able to find anything, yet, from my books that will help me either.  But I said ‘yet’ because we have many left to look through.”
My heart sank at the news.  I think with the society I came from, I was expecting results right away.  I think that’s why I wanted to find Angor, too.  I could die in this place.  If that happened, my family and friends would never know what happened to me.  I also knew that I couldn’t just sit here and do nothing but prepare to be stuck here forever.
Preparation
“I’m going to go to The Forest of Angor to search for Angor,” I told Gerol, Aleesha and Colin.
“You what?” Aleesha asked, with a shocked look on her face.  Gerol sat and nodded his head, a grim look on his face.  Colin’s jaw dropped open, but he said nothing.
“I need to do everything I can to get home.  I will not sit here and wait for things to happen.  I’m going to make them happen.  I’ll need some food and water for my journey,” I explained.  “I want to leave tomorrow morning.”
“You can’t!”  Aleesha yelled.  “You’ll get yourself killed.  You have no idea where to look, or what to look for.  The teroks will kill you!”
Cerena spoke up, “He won’t be alone, and by tomorrow, he may have some information.” 
“What do you mean, child?” Gerol asked, stroking his chin.
“Well, I talked to a flamebird,” she began.
“You talked to a flamebird?  That’s great, Cerena!  Your powers are growing,” Gerol interrupted.
“Thank you, Gerol.  It felt amazing being able to communicate with an intelligent animal!  Anyway, he was going to fly through the forest to see what he could find and to talk to other birds,” Cerena explained.  “I plan on going with Davis to help with his search and just in case the flamebird comes back with some useful information.”
“Sister, you can’t go,” Colin protested.  “It’s too dangerous.  You’re not a wizard, yet.  You’re just an apprentice!”
“I can go if I want to,” Cerena replied.  “You can’t make me stay here, Colin!”  The two were yelling at each other like, well, twins, I guess.
“I’ll go, too,” Aleesha added.  “You’ll need a strong sword and someone that can shoot straight.”
“Well, I can’t stop any of you from going,” Gerol said.  “It does sound like a lot of fun!  An adventure!  I haven’t had one in years…” Gerol trailed off, apparently deep in thought of adventures from his past.  I wondered how old he was, and what kind of things he’d done in his past.  He probably has dozens of stories to tell.
Cerena started to put five bowls with spoons in them on the table.  Colin got up, walked over to the fireplace and took the pot off.  He came over and began to ladle out some soup.  It smelled amazing!  As Colin emptied the ladle into the bowls, steam rose off of the top.  I could see may different types of vegetables in it, as well as many kinds of spices floating on the top.  Cerena put mugs of water on the table for everyone.  We sat in silence as we ate.  Everyone seemed to be lost in their bowls.  There were so many different tastes in the soup.  It was like a foreign vegetable stew.  It may have been the most delicious stew I’ve ever had!
After lunch, Colin and Cerena began to clear off the tables.  I got up to help, feeling like a useless fifth wheel on a car.  
“Do you want me to wash any dishes?” I asked Colin.  “Where do you wash them anyway?”
“No, I’ll take care of them later,” he replied sternly.  I don’t think he was too happy about his twin sister coming along to the Forest of Angor.  “And there’s a stream out back where we clean them.”
I went back to the table and plopped down on the bench.  Cerena brought over some delicious looking bread and began slicing it.  It appeared to be some sort of fruit bread.  Colin brought over mugs of tea and sat back down along side Cerena.  He looked at her out of the corner of his eye and began to smile.
“You’ve always wanted to go on an adventure,” Colin said.
Cerena smiled.  “I have.  I’ve wanted to be able to test my powers without having to take care of my chores,” she told him.
“Ugh, that’s right.  I’ll have to do the chores for both of us, now,” Colin said dramatically, with a smile.
“Oh, I think you’ll survive,” Cerena replied, smacking him lovingly on the arm.  Both laughed.  They seemed to get over their little spat pretty quickly.  I don’t think I ever got over a spat that quickly with sister, Jenny.  I guessed it was a twin thing.
“Aleesha, gather any supplies you think you’ll need from the tower for your adventure,” Gerol said with a laugh.  “I wish I could go along, but those days are long gone, for me.”  Gerol left the room and headed into the tower, his footsteps echoing throughout the house, yelling “An adventure!” as he went.  I smiled at his attitude and his energy.  There he was, going back to work for me, when he has so many other people to help in this world.  “Colin!”  he yelled.  “Come help!!”  Colin rolled his eyes, smiled and left, following in Gerol’s wake.
As we finished eating the bread, and sipped at our tea, Aleesha seemed to be making a mental list of what we’re going to be bringing.  I’m thinking we’re going to have some pretty hefty packs.  No big deal.  I once did a fifty mile training run on my own.  I carried a ton of water both in a large bladder in a hydration pack and two water bottles around my waist, food, extra socks, an extra shirt, my phone, my keys and some medical necessities, just in case.  My pack ended up weighing at least fifteen pounds at the start.  I’m sure we’ll be carrying more than that, but we should be able to find some food in the forest as well as that bread we ate when traveling to here from Harn.  I’m not sure what was in it, but it really did hold us over well.  It was probably high fiber, high protein and high in fat to be able to take the place of a meal while running and walking like we were and to not end up running out of energy and bonking along the way.
I helped to clear off the table and washed the dishes at the stream.  Not exactly sterile, but I guessed it was good enough without soap.  I headed back in with Cerena.  Aleesha was already gone from the table, probably getting stuff ready for tomorrow.  I walked over to the tower door figuring that’s where Aleesha went.  There were a ton of crates in there holding probably enough for us all to live on for a couple weeks, at least.  When I opened the door, several crates were opened, there were three backpacks on the ground and lots of supplies laid out.
“Need any help?” I asked.
“Sure!” Aleesha replied cheerfully.  “I love the technical aspect of getting ready for a long outing: trying to figure out what you’ll need, how much you’ll need and how to pack it.”
“Me, too!  I love getting ready for a long run for the same reasons,” I said.
“I think I have everything laid out.  There are some bandages, a stone for sharpening our swords, two quivers of arrows, plenty of tava bread-oh, that’s the bread that helps keep us nice and full- dried fruit for all of us and some dried meat for Cerena and I.  Could you fill these skins with water as well as your pack?” Aleesha asked, tossing me two water skins.
“Just two?” I asked.
“Yeah, well, there are plenty of streams to fill them at, so there’s no need for more,” she answered with an odd look on her face.
“Oh, yeah.  Well, where I’m from, the water is a bit too polluted to safely drink, unfortunately, unless you have purification tablets to add to them.  Even then, it’s better to just carry your own,” I explained, sadly thinking about home, polluted or not.  Though, being able to drink from the streams is a plus for this place.  No factories dumping waste into the waterways or fracking going on to ruin the drinking water.
I picked up the water skins and headed out the door for the stream behind the tower.  The stream wasn’t very wide, maybe three feet at it’s widest point, from what I could see.  It was about six to eight inches deep in the middle and a few inches deep near the edge.  I laid the skins into the crystal clear water to fill them.  The water was cool, and felt very refreshing.  After filling up the water skins, I filled up my hydration pack’s bladder.  When that was done, I slipped it back into the pack and leaned towards the water for a drink.  It was the most amazing water I had ever drank!  It tasted, well, perfect!  It was cool and crisp, and it didn’t taste like anything- no hint of a water bottle, pipes, or any chemical from a water purification plant.  I drank until I had my fill, then headed back to see if Aleesha needed anymore help.
When I got back inside, Aleesha had two backpacks already packed.  Hers was obvious as it had a quiver attached to each side, and was a lot more filled than the other.  Both also had a hooded cloak attached to the bottom, rolled up like a small sleeping bag.
“I didn’t pack yours.  I figured you’d want to do it so you knew where everything was.  If you ever need the sharpening stone, it’ll be in the small pocket on the back of mine.  You have all your own food, your cloak, an extra shirt, and some bandages,” Aleesha said.  “Have fun,” she added with a smile.  “And, when you’re done, come back out for some more practice.”
There wasn’t as much as I thought there would be.  I hadn’t really thought about being able to refill the water supply at any stream we needed.  Plus, with the tava bread, there wasn’t a whole lot of food weight added.  Between Aleesha and Cerena, I’m sure we could find more food to safely eat as we travelled.  I put the shirt and bandages rolled up on the left, the tava bread, wrapped up in it’s cloth, on the right, and the dried fruit in the middle.  All in all, it probably weighed eight to ten pounds, plus my hydration pack being another three to four.  Not bad at all for a journey that might last a week or more!  Now for some more sword practice.  I was beginning to enjoy the competition of it.  I was determined to get a good whack in this time.
***
The sword practice didn’t go quite as well as I’d hoped.  I got thrashed pretty good for what seemed like an eternity.  I was hoping I’d be able to walk okay tomorrow, and for the next few days for that matter.  Aleesha really didn’t seem to hold back a whole lot.  I don’t remember her hitting me as hard or as frequent during any other practice session.  She pushed me for a good two hours, too.  I guessed it was because we may not get much chance to practice while searching for Angor.  I knew I’d sleep well tonight.
“You didn’t hold back at all, did you?” I asked.
“No, actually, I held back a lot,” she replied nonchalantly.  She smiled and walked back inside.
“What do you mean you held back?”  I responded, following after Aleesha.
She stopped and quickly turned around.  “If I didn’t hold back, you’d be laying on the ground, unconscious, within seconds.”  She then turned back around and grabbed a mug, filling it with water from a pitcher.
I grabbed a mug and filled it up as well.  I needed to rehydrate.  I haven’t sweat like that in quite a while.  I gulped down my first mug and quickly refilled it.
“I’m sure it wouldn’t have been seconds.  I think I’d last longer than that,” I said with a smile.
“Maybe,” Aleesha replied.  “But, probably not.”  She refilled her mug with what was left in the pitcher.  “I’m going to head out back for more water.”
I decided to head upstairs to see what Gerol was up to.  I knew he’d probably tell me I was interrupting, but he was trying to get me home and I’d like to get there before I got killed.  I wasn’t expecting him to have found a way in just a couple hours, but maybe he, or Colin, found a lead.
When I got there, Gerol was pouring over a book, his lips moving as he read.  Colin was looking through another book, flipping through pages fairly quickly.  I was worried he might miss something, but as I quietly walked over, I could see his eyes scanning back and forth amazingly fast.  I moved closer, hoping to get a better look at what Colin was reading.  I peered over his shoulder as he sat, hunched over the book, flying through line after line.  Unfortunately, I couldn’t read a thing.  Not because he was reading and turning the pages so quickly, but the book was written in a language that I definitely did not understand.  It almost looked Cyrillic, but I doubted it.  Though, there have been many other odd coincidences.  Maybe it’s just some form of it.
Colin paused right after turning a page and looked up at me.  “Sorry, Davis,” he said, “we haven’t found anything, yet.  But we’re not going to stop.”
“I know, Colin, and I appreciate it,” I replied.  I looked around the rest of the lab.  There was only one other thing that looked like they were working on besides finding me a way home.  All the other stuff set up when I first arrived seemed to have finished, or temporarily stopped.  They really seemed focused on getting me back home.  I smiled and headed back downstairs.  I didn’t want to bother them anymore.  I know they had my best interest at heart and really were doing all they could.
I walked back into the kitchen to see Cerena pouring more of the same soup from lunch into bowls.  Aleesha was already sitting and eating her dinner.  There were a couple plates with bread and fresh fruit on the table as well as two more mugs and two more bowls of soup.  Cerena was placing the other bowl on a tray that had two mugs, two bowls, and a plate of bread and fruit.
“I’ll be right back,” she said, carrying the tray towards the tower.  She paused and turned towards me.  “They probably won’t remember to come down to eat, so I thought I’d bring it to them.  There are times when we’re all working upstairs that we won’t eat all day.  Just because we get so consumed in our work, we forget to eat,” she explained.  She turned and headed into the tower with the tray in hand.
I sat at the table across from Aleesha and tore into a piece of bread.  “Do you have any thoughts about where we might start?” I asked.
Aleesha finished chewing, then looked up.  “I have a couple thoughts, but nothing that is definite, or even likely for that matter.  Davis, we may not find Angor.  He may not even be alive.  He’s turned into a legend over the years.”
“If we stay here and don’t go, we definitely won’t find him.  But if we go, there’s at least some sort of chance, and that’s a chance I’m willing to take,” I replied.
Aleesha shook her head in agreement.  “You’re absolutely right.  I wasn’t trying to say we shouldn’t go, I just don’t want you to get your hopes up,” she explained.
“I know,” I said.  “How long should we search for?”
“We should search for at least a week, maybe ten days,” she replied.  “We can leave small markings as we go that won’t be noticeable unless you’re looking for them.  That way, we won’t be followed by the teroks or any warlocks or witches.”
Cerena came back in and sat down with us.  She had a big smile on her face as she slurped down some soup.
“What’re you so happy about?” I asked.
“I’m just thinking about being away from here, out on my own.  Don’t get me wrong, I love being here, I love learning from Gerol…but I’ve been here for many years,” she explained.  Cerena’s smile started to fade.  “I feel like my life here has run it’s course.  I’m not sure how much there is left for me to learn from Gerol.  But I know my brother loves it here.  I don’t think he could ever leave Gerol and we’ve never been apart from each other.  Thinking about leaving him makes me sad, but I feel like our lives, as wizards, are taking us in two completely different directions.”
We were silent for a while, sipping our soup, tearing pieces off of our bread.  I thought about what Cerena said.  I knew exactly what she was walking about.  My younger sister, Jenny, and I were nearly inseparable when we were growing up.  Don’t get me wrong, we had our spats, but they never lasted long and we made up quickly.  Going away to college was one of the hardest things I had done.  We’d never really been apart for more than a week.  Now I was in this other world and knew that I wouldn’t see Jenny for at least a month or two, or even never again.
“I understand how you feel,” I began, breaking the silence.  “My younger sister, Jenny, and I were inseparable when we were younger.  When I left home to go away for school, I was heart broken.  We had never been apart for more than a few days and I knew that I wouldn’t see her for at least a couple months.  When she went away to school the next year, she went to a school that was close to where I was going.  We still didn’t see each other often, but being close made it a bit better.  Once we were both finished, we lived, and worked, in the same area near where we grew up and saw each other more often.  Now, I don’t even know if I’ll ever see her again.  So, yeah, I kinda know how you feel.”
Cerena smiled and nodded.  Tears welled up in her eyes.  “I’m sorry, Davis, I didn’t really think about the loved ones you left behind.  We will find a way for you to get home.  We will get you back home to your family.”  She had a very serious look on her face.  It seemed like she’d do anything to help me get back.
We finished eating, cleared the table and took care of the dishes.  I went with Aleesha to double check our bags.  Aleesha unpacked and repacked both hers and Cerena’s bags, making sure she didn’t forget anything, checking to see that everything was in good shape.  I peeked through my bag.  Everything was still in it’s place.  All we needed to do now was wait for morning, which I knew would come soon.  The sun was setting quickly.  The sounds of the birds were being replaced by the sounds of the night insects.  I said good night and headed up stairs.  I didn’t know how well I’d sleep.  I was very eager for our journey.  I was excited about doing something besides sitting on my butt, but I was nervous that we might not find Angor.  I laid in bed for a while, listening to the sounds of the night, thinking about what I’d do first once I got back home.  I fell a sleep with a smile on my face, dreaming about getting home, at least until the nightmares started.  Nightmares about Malfius destroying the people of Selenia- men and women, young and old.  It was horrible.  He had Ungeth, the three headed dragon, burn entire towns to the ground.  His terok armies looted and pillaged village after village.  Malfius was standing next to Ungeth, holding the three headed dragon staff.  It felt like he was staring right at me.
I awoke just before dawn from my nightmares covered in sweat.  The nightmares.  They’d seemed so real, so vivid.  I could remember every part of them.  Maybe I should tell Gerol?  I got up and wiped the sweat off with my blanket and got dressed.  I ran downstairs, expecting to see Gerol still working in his lab, but he wasn’t there.  A lantern was still burning and there were some glowing embers in the fire.  He must have been up late, again, for me.  I headed downstairs to see that everyone was sitting at the table, quietly eating their breakfast.
“Davis,” Aleesha said with a hint of concern, “what’s wrong?  You’re as white as snow!”
Colin rose, looking concerned.  I suddenly felt dizzy and quickly sat down on a bench at the table.
“Here, boy, drink this,” Gerol said, putting a mug of water in my hands.  
I drank a few sips.  Aleesha passed me some bread.  I tore a small piece off and chewed it slowly, washing it down with some water.  The dizziness seemed to be going away.
“Thanks,” I said.  “I’m not sure what happened.  I had some bad dreams and really didn’t sleep well.  Maybe that’s all it was,” I explained.
Gerol had a thoughtful look on his face.  “Hmmmm…,” he muttered as he scratched his chin.  “What were these dreams?”
“Well, they were about home at first,” I began, “but they were good.  But they quickly turned bad.  The teroks were killing everyone, destroying towns everywhere they went with the help of warlocks and witches.  Ungeth was helping, too.  And Malfius…he had the staff with the three dragon heads.  He was commanding Ungeth, not Silva.  Then, he was standing next to Ungeth and he was staring right at me.  It felt so real.  It was so vivid.  Then I woke up, covered in sweat and came down here.”
“Hmmmm…this is very disconcerting,” Gerol stated.  “I don’t know why Silva wouldn’t have been the one with the staff…maybe because you haven’t seen her…no, that wouldn’t make sense….”  Gerol continued muttering to himself, scratching his chin, his whole face scrunched up, deep in thought.
“Could he have some sort of connection with Malfius?” Colin asked.  “It was Malfius who brought him here.”
“Yes, yes, that’s what I was thinking, too,” Gerol agreed.  “That must be it.  You must have some sort of connection to Malfius when he brought you across to our world.  It would have been the same if he brought some evil creature across, too.  He would have had more power over it, though, since he probably had a specific creature in mind and was performing the ceremony for that creature.  Since it was you that came through the gateway,” he explained, “he doesn’t have any control over you, but he does have some sort of connection that he must have discovered.  Could you feel him at all?  Or hear any thoughts coming from him?” Gerol asked.
“No, not at all.  I couldn’t feel anything and I didn’t hear anything either, coming from him at least,” I answered.
“Hmmmm…then his connection is not too strong at all…yet.  He may have previously dreamt of you as you did him last night, and is now trying to discover a way to control you,” Gerol said.  “He may know something more about you than we do at this point.  You may have been in some sort of prophecy that he has been told.”
“A prophecy?  Me?  Are you serious?  I have no skills at all that can benefit anyone in this world!” I yelled in shock.  
“You may.  You just may not know it, yet,” Colin explained.
“Sometimes, Davis, things happen that are out of your control, that you least expect,” Cerena said.
“Uh, yeah, like getting pulled through some door or gateway into another world?”  I said, getting angrier by the moment.  “We need to get going.  Every moment I’m away from my family is a moment they suffer, not knowing where I am.”  I stood up and left the table.
I went into the tower, where our stuff was waiting for us.  I went through my pack again to make sure everything was still there.  I did it more for something to do after my minor temper tantrum, than to really see if my gear was in place.  I already knew that it was.  Aleesha came in a few moments later and began to check through hers and Cerena’s packs as well.  
“I’m sorry for…that…,” I said.
“That’s fine.  You’re frustrated.  You’ve been torn from everything you know and brought into a world you know nothing about.  A world in turmoil.  A world at war.  The world that we live in,” she said.  “We suffer too, everyday.  We’ve been suffering since you arrived and we’ll be suffering long after you’re gone.  We all understand the suffering your family knows.  Cerena and Colin will be suffering until they see each other again after we leave.  That’s if they live to see each other again.
“You anger is understandable.  We’re all angry.  But, we need to keep control of it and release it at our true foes: Silva and all her minions.  Not at each other.”  She said this with a calm voice.  I’m sure she wanted to snap, but she was practicing what she was preaching.
“I should have known better.  I should have thought more before I spoke, er, threw a temper tantrum like a baby,” I added with a smile.
“So, my child,” Aleesha began with a smile, “are you ready to go?”
“Yes, mom,” I replied sarcastically.
We picked up our packs, Aleesha grabbing Cerena’s, and headed out the tower door.  Cerena, Colin and Gerol were outside waiting for us.  Aleesha handed Cerena her pack which she slung over her shoulder.
“You can’t forget this,” Colin said, smiling, handing me my sword.
“Uh, yeah, I plan on slicing my way through the terok army with this,” I jokingly replied.
Colin then walked over to his sister.  They embraced for some time, whispering their goodbyes to each other.  They both had tears in their eyes.
“Cerena,” Gerol began once the twin separated, “I want you to know that this is going to be a big test for you.  There’s really not much left I have to teach you.  This world, more than I, is going to be your teacher, now.  Be careful.”
“Thank you, Gerol,” Cerena said.  She was beaming from ear to ear with what Gerol told her.  I guess it was kind of like graduating from College, except this is more life and death.
“Aleesha,” Gerol said, turning to her, “take care of your charges out there.  Make sure they listen to you in the field, especially when danger is near.”
“I will, Gerol.  I’ll make sure we all return in one piece and hopefully with some answers for Davis,” she replied.
“Davis,” Gerol continued, “keep your eye open and learn from Aleesha.  You said earlier that you cannot possibly help either side; that you had no abilities what so ever.  But I think you do.  You just need to discover it.  I hope you find the answers you seek in the Forest of Angor.”
“Thank you, Gerol.  I’ll be a good boy and make sure I listen to Aleesha,” I quipped.  “And I’ll help keep an eye on Cerena, too,” I continued, looking over at Colin.
“Alright, let’s head out!  We have a long journey ahead of us,” Aleesha ordered.  We said our final goodbyes and headed off toward the Forest of Angor.
The Search for Angor
We hadn’t been hiking for too long when we reached the trail that originally lead from Harn to here.  We’d been hiking about fifteen minutes.  We turned left and headed down it.  No one seemed interested in talking.  We mostly watched the forest around us.  I wasn’t expecting to find Angor right now, but I was still going to look for any sign anywhere we went in his forest, not that I really knew what to look for.  We’d been walking for about an hour when Aleesha paused and held up her fist.  Cerena and I stopped immediately.  Aleesha had her bow off her shoulder and an arrow knocked before I even realized why- there was a large group of teroks heading right towards us.  In the time it took me to draw my sword, Aleesha had fired one arrow, taking down one terok after it sank halfway into it’s head.  Then she had another launched, landing it squarely in the chest of a second terok, taking that one down as well.  I wasn’t entirely sure what to do, so I took a defensive stance in front of Cerena.  Aleesha decided to charge headlong into the remaining eight teroks!  Cerena moved up next to me and started chanting.  She held her staff up high, then held her arms out wide.  A wind started picking up around the teroks before settling around one that was off a bit to the left of the others.  Once the winds moved to this terok, it started to swirl faster, a lot like a mini tornado.  The wind had the terok completely engulfed, and lifted it into the air and threw it against a tree, shattering the terok as it hit the trunk with full force.
I wasn’t so sure if I should stand in front of Cerena to protect her or to stand behind her so she could protect me.  Then I saw her: there was a witch amongst the remaining teroks.
“Cerena!” I yelled, “A witch!”
The witch started chanting, holding her arms out in front of her.  Her words sounded different from Cerena, and she seemed to be aiming her magic towards Aleesha.  Cerena chanted quickly.  Something green shot from her staff towards Aleesha.  At the same time, a bolt of lightning shot from the witch’s hands.  The green light from Cerena formed into a shield in front of Aleesha.  When the lightning from the witch struck, it electrified the air around the shield, then dissipated both into nothingness. 
Aleesha barely even paused.  She was on the nearest terok on the blink of an eye, blocking an overhand chop easily, then whirling her sword around to cut a gash open, spilling the insides of the terok as it fell to the ground.  Two more attacked her before their companion was dead.  Aleesha blocked the first’s side swipe, then blocked the over hand strike of the second.  Both of the teroks were not nearly as fast as Aleesha, but with two attacking, blocking was just about all she could do.  I ran forward to help her.  I was immediately blocked by the hulking form of a terok.  He had his sword raised for an overhand strike.  I kept my momentum moving forward, put my shoulder down and charged into his gut, knocking it to the ground.  I stumbled over him and landed on the ground as well.  I got up as quick as I could.  There was another terok in front of me.  I lifted my sword up and thrusted it forward into the terok’s gut, sending my blade through it’s back, out the other side.  I pulled out my sword and turned to face the other terok, sweeping my sword around as I turned.  The terok I had knocked to the ground so gracefully was just getting up.  My sword sliced along the backs of it’s hamstrings, knocking it down again.  
I saw Cerena casting another spell.  She had a green shield around her that I could barely see shimmering in the sunlight.  She seemed unhurt, so I turned back to help Aleesha.  Before I did, I turned back to the terok who’s hamstrings I had sliced and stuck my sword through it’s midsection hoping that would kill it.
By the time I made it to Aleesha, there was another terok already down and she was engaged with two more.  The witch was still chanting, but now she was faced towards Cerena.  There was a blinding flash of light.  All motion seemed to stop.  The witch was covered with a green lightning.  When things started moving again, the lightning around the witch crackled and disappeared.  The witch fell to the ground in a smoldering heap of flesh.  Aleesha used the distraction to put her sword through another terok and was instantly on another.  She blocked a straight lunge and spun around to strike high.  This terok seemed quicker than the others.  It blocked high, bringing it’s sword around towards her right side.  Aleesha brought her sword down, blocking the quick counter, then brought her sword backup, stabbing forward and into the terok’s chest.
The two teroks left came at both Aleesha and I.  Aleesha stepped forward to meet their charge, blocking left with her sword, then right to stop the thrust of the second.  I came in from the side and hacked at the back of the terok on Aleesha’s left.  My sword bounced off it’s armor  It turned towards me in anger and came down quickly with an overhand strike.  I dove to my left and rolled out of the way, my sword falling out of my hand as I rolled.  The terok stalked forward, a grin on it’s grotesque, face.  I kept crawling back as fast as I could, hoping my had would grab a rock, or a stick that I could throw at it hoping to distract it long enough to get up and run without a sword being stuck through me.  Suddenly, the terok paused, then fell over, landing on my legs.  Cerena was standing behind it, with her staff thrust out in front of her.  The back of the terok’s head was bashed in.
“Thanks, Cerena,” I muttered, “I thought I was done for.”
“You’re welcome,” she replied, offering me a hand up.  Here hand was shaking badly.  Aleesha came over, having dispatched the last terok.
“Are you all right, Cerena?” Aleesha asked.
“I’m fine,” she replied quickly.
“You, Davis?” she asked.
“I’m good, thanks.  Cerena saved my skin,” I explained.  “I owe you my life,” I told Cerena.
Cerena gave a brief smile, but then turned and walked away towards her pack.
“I’m going to search that witch to see if there’s anything on her about what this patrol was doing out here,” Aleesha said as she walked towards the charred, smoldering body of the witch.
“I’ll grab your pack,” I said, not wanting to go anywhere near the noxious smells coming from the burned body.
Aleesha came over and took her pack from me.  She slung it back over her shoulder along with her bow and quiver of arrows.  I saw that she had all of her arrows back in it.  She must have yanked it out of the head and chest of the teroks she stuck them into like an ugly, living pincushion.
“I didn’t find anything.  We have to get out of here, and fast, in case there are any others in the area,” Aleesha explained in a hurried voice.  She turned and trotted off, continuing down the trail.  Cerena and I jogged after.
***
“Are Gerol and Colin in any danger?  The teroks and that witch seemed awfully close,” I asked, breaking the silence of the past hour.
“No,” Aleesha replied.  “The tower is well protected, well hidden even though it was in plain sight to us.  It is protected by ancient magics that hide it from evil eyes,” she explained.  “Even if the teroks were able to find it, they would not stand a chance against Gerol.  Most witches and warlocks, though they can find it, won’t go near it.  They fear him.”
Huh, who would’ve known?  Gerol seemed awfully distractible.  You really can’t judge a book by it’s cover…even in an alternate universe.  Speaking of which, Cerena was still silent.  She just continued on, staring ahead, but she really didn’t seem to be aware of what’s going on around her.  She was definitely lost in her thoughts.
“Cerena,” I said softly, trying to get her attention.  Nothing.  “Cerena!” I said a little more loudly.
She shook her head a bit, then looked over.  “What?”
“Are you alright?  You seem lost,” I said.
“I just…,” she began, then paused.  “I just never took life away from anything before,” she explained.
It kinda shocked me.  Not that she hadn’t taken a life before, but that she would react that way to the death of teroks and a witch.
“But they were just teroks.  They would have killed us,” I said.
“I know.  But they weren’t always like this.  They’ve been forced to be like this.  The books I’ve read say that hundreds and hundreds of years ago, they used to be more honorable.  Don’t get me wrong, they were tough, rugged and violent, but they did not attack and kill innocents like they are now.  They’ve been forced into this,” she explained.
“But,” Aleesha began, “They’ve always come to the aid of those who wish to conquer us for the past hundred years.  I don’t care what they used to be like.  This is what they’ve become.  They deserve to die.”
“This isn’t their choice, it’s been forced upon them for generations by the magic of those who wish to use them to destroy us,” Cerena said, defending her position.  “They’re probably beyond saving as a race, but it’s hard to forget their past once you’ve studied it.”
“I’m sorry, Cerena,” I apologized, “for the pain that you are feeling.  But we need you here, with us, to help us find Angor, and to help when we need it.  I had no idea you were so powerful!”
“Thanks,” Cerena said, smiling.  “I had no idea, either.  It was like everything I ever studied and practiced with Gerol came forward and I knew exactly what to do and when, to stop them.”
Cerena stopped.  She looked up and held her hand out.  A flamebird, it’s orange and red feathers unmistakable, landed on her outstretched hand.  She had that same soft glow around her when she first had a flamebird come to her.  The two looked at each other for a few minutes.  They seemed to be communicating.  Cerena’s face was close to the flamebird’s.
“Thank you,” she said as she raised her hand into the air.  The flame bird flew gracefully into the sky, circled overhead, then took off back into the forest.
Aleesha stared in amazement at Cerena.  “Wow!  You really have grown into a powerful wizard, Cerena.  That was amazing!”
“The flamebird told me he knows the way to Angor.  We need to turn off trail, into the woods heading towards the northeast,” Cerena said.
“Okay, lets head northeast,” Aleesha said, leading us into the forest.
The forest seemed very peaceful.  It’s beauty amazed me, though I know now it’s artificial perfection lay at the hands of a wizard.  The very wizard I hoped would be able to send me home, or at least know of a way to get me home.  I couldn’t help but smile knowing that we actually had a lead.  I couldn’t believe it!  We were moving along at a fast hike, but I wished we could just run the whole way.
“Did the flamebird know how far away Angor is?” I asked.
“He said Angor might be almost a day’s journey away.  But that, also, he doesn’t always stay put for long.  I asked if that was where he lived.  That’s when he flew away,” Cerena explained.
A day.  Sometime tomorrow, we might find one who could send me home.  It almost seemed an eternity since I was brought into this place by Malfius.  I couldn’t wait to leave it.  We hiked at a fairly fast pace until the sun started to set when Aleesha came to a halt.
“We might as well make camp here,” she said.  “We can start up again as soon as the sun rises. No fire, we’ll just use our cloaks to keep us warm, if you need to.”
We walked up to a large tree, just as large as the rest, to be honest.  All the trees seemed to be around the same age, the same height, reaching straight up into the sky, just like Aleesha told me about the Forest of Angor.  We put our packs down and took our swords off, but we kept them close by, just in case.  It felt good to sit after our fast hike.  We hadn’t rested after the fight with the teroks and the witch either, not even for lunch.  We ended up eating sparingly as we hiked.  I was definitely hungry as well as tired.
“Bread?” I asked Cerena, tearing a piece off for her.
“Thanks,” she said, smiling as the took the piece I offered.
Aleesha sat down beside us, digging into her pack for some food.  We sat in silence as we hungrily ate our food.  I watched the birds flying from branch to branch overhead, wondering if one of them was the flamebird that Cerena had befriended.  The things I’d seen her do today had been absolutely amazing.  The lightning, the shield, the winds, and talking with a bird, all with her magic.  Gerol would be proud of her.
“We’ll have to set up a watch once the sun is completely down,” Aleesha said.  “Cerena, you can take the first watch, I’ll take the middle and Davis, you can take the third.  I think we’re far enough away from trails to be safe, but it’s hard to tell in this forest.  Not much is where it usually seems except for the main trails.”
“Sounds good,” I agreed.  “Cerena, do you think Angor will know of a way home?”
“I hope so.  Angor was very powerful.  He had control over the forces of nature like no other wizard has ever had,” she said.
“I don’t know, you seem pretty powerful yourself,” I joked.  “Maybe you could find one for me.”
“Maybe,” she laughed.  It was nice to hear her laughing again.  She really took it hard when she had to kill the terok.  She didn’t complain about the witch, though.  “Maybe, someday, I will be strong enough to do something like that.”  Cerena smiled from ear to ear.
“Someday,” Aleesha added, “someday seems like it’s arrived.  Your power is going to be a force to reckon with.  The teroks, Malfius, all the forces of Silva, as well as Silva, will fear your strength.  I’ve seen other wizards in action.  What you did would have drained them.  We would have had to have stopped for something to eat or drink so they could begin to recover.  But you just kept going like it was nothing.  You, Cerena, are a powerful wizard already.  I’m happy you’re on our side and I’m honored to have know you for so long, to call you a friend.”
“Thank you, Aleesha.  I glad that we’ve been friends.  I always enjoyed your visits to the Tower of the Gray.  You are an amazing leader.  You’ve helped all our people immensely,” Cerena said.
“Thank you, too, Cerena,” Aleesha replied.
“So, I’ve been hanging out with the two saviors of Selenia the past week or so?” I joked.  Both ladies laughed.
“We should get to sleep.  We’ve all got our watch, and we need to get an early start,” Aleesha said.
“Have a good night, my saviors!” I yelled, though not too loudly.  They both laughed again.  I curled up on the ground, using my rolled up cloak as a pillow.  The fresh air of the forest night was amazing.  There was not one hint of pollution.  Being in this air made me realize that even the trails in the forests around where I lived were so much more polluted than here.
***
I must have fallen asleep pretty quickly.  I also don’t think I dreamt a bit, or at least didn’t remember any dream.  THis was also good as I didn’t have any nightmares about Malfius.  Aleesha woke me with a slight shake.
“Your turn,” she whispered.
“Isn’t there a snooze button?” I asked.
“A what?”
“Snooze…oh, never mind.  I’m up,” I replied groggily getting up for my watch.
“It’s been pretty quiet.  Just some regular night noises in the forest.  Wake me as soon as you hear anything out of the ordinary,” Aleesha ordered.
“Yes, ma’am,” I answered.
The night was gorgeous.  You couldn’t see the sky at all due to the nature of the Forest of Angor, but my eyes, coming from being sound asleep, were well adjusted for the darkness.  The trees stood as if they were sentinels, surrounding us to keep watch and help hide and protect us from the evils of the world.  There was a slight breeze which caused the leaves to rustle gently and the branches to sway slightly.  The breeze was just enough to cause me to put my cloak on to keep just a bit warmer.  I walked around our mini camp being as careful as possible to not step on anything that might make a noise and wake my traveling partners.  I also didn’t want to wake anything, or alert anything, of our presence in the forest.  It’s hard not to get lost in the simple beauty of Angor, even at night, when it’s hard to see the fine details.  Since I now knew it was magically created and cared for, I had a greater understanding for what was, and was not present.  There were no dead trees laying around on the ground, there were no oddly shaped trees and there were no new, young trees reaching for the sky.  All the trees seemed to be the same height and the same width.  The all shot straight up into the night sky.  The night birds and insects created a musical backdrop for the forest.  But, the perfection of the forest was also part of it’s boredom.  A fallen tree here and there, as well as new growth trying to make space for itself was a big part of the forests that made up my world.  Oh, how I missed my home.  I missed the newly fallen trees to leap over on familiar trails.  I missed seeing new trees trying to grow amongst the giants around them.  I missed running for fun.  I missed my family, I missed my friends.  I sat down on the ground near Aleesha and Cerena’s sleeping forms.  I buried my face in my hands and cried.  I just wanted to be home.  I had grown to care for the new friends I’d found that were trying to help me get home.  I wanted them to defeat the evil in this world, but I didn’t want to be here anymore.  I was done!
I wiped the tears from my eyes, hoping that I didn’t wake either of the ladies as they slept.  I sat up straight and tried to focus on the positive.  We were searching for someone who may be able to send me home.  That was something worth fighting for.  While I’m here, even if Angor can’t get me home, fighting to help these people, my new friends, be free was worth fighting for.  No matter what happened, I was right here, right now, and I had to just keep doing everything I could to get myself home and to free the people of Selenia and the lands around it.
I began to think about everything that I’d done while I was here.  I hadn’t been here that long at all, just about a week, but it seems like I’d been here forever.  I seemed to have grasped the basics of fighting pretty quickly, too.  Maybe Gerol was right.  Maybe I was brought here for a reason.  I hadn’t thought much about that since my first day at the Tower of the Gray, but the thought was lingering in the back of my mind.  Why was I here?  What made me go into the woods after that eerie wind blew through the trail during my run?  I had no answers to any of these questions.  Maybe, when we found Angor, he would have some answers.
For the rest of my watch, I alternated between sitting and walking around the camp.  My thoughts drifted between my family and friends and the hardships of the people here.  I hated my job.  It had no real meaning to me, or to society.  But here, maybe I can be someone who mattered.  Someone who could make a difference.  While I was here, I would do my best to help rid this world of Silva and Malfius.
As the sun rose, so did Aleesha and Cerena.
“Morning, ladies,” I began.  “While you slept I battled and defeated hundreds of teroks and a dozen witches and warlocks.”  Cerena laughed, but Aleesha just punched my arm and rolled her eyes.
“And what did you do with all the bodies?” Aleesha asked.
“Well, I ate them all,” I replied.  “They were quite tasty cooked in a slight white wine sauce.”
They both looked at me funny.
“First of all,” Cerena began, “You don’t eat meat.  Second of all, what’s a white wine sauce?”
“Oh.  Well, wine is a drink made from grapes.  They’re aged and fermented into a juice called wine.  The wine has alcohol in it which can make people feel loopy-uh, silly, funny, a bit dizzy,” I explained.
“Why would anyone want to do that?” Aleesha asked with a look of disgust on her face.
“Well, it helps to relax them and can put them in a better mood,” I replied.
They both kinda shrugged their shoulders and began to eat some bread from their packs.  I sat along side them and ate some bread as well.  After a few minutes, we continued our journey to the northeast.
***
We journeyed in silence for a couple hours.  I spent the time staring at the trees.  So much looked similar in the Forest of Angor, it was hard to tell exactly where we’ve been or where we were going.  After a while of doing nothing but staring at the trees, I began to notice some differences between the trees, even with their straight up growth and similar sizes- the patterns in the bark, how much of the roots showed from the bottom before sinking deep into the ground.  As I stared at the trees, I noticed something else.  Teroks!
I stopped, knelt down and held up my arm as I’d seen Aleesha do.  Cerena stopped as she was behind me, but Aleesha took another couple steps before stopping and looking back.  She knelt as soon as she saw us.  I pointed in the direction I saw the teroks.  Aleesha held up five fingers, then one.  She unslung her bow and knocked an arrow.  Cerena stood up and began to speak those words of magic she knows so well.  Aleesha aimed towards the unsuspecting terok and released death on a speedy arrow, slicing clear through the neck of one terok, out the other side and into the tree next to it.  It grabbed it’s throat, gurgled a bit and dropped to the ground.  The other teroks, and one human, drew their swords and hid behind trees, not sure of exactly where the arrow came from.  By that time, Cerena’s spell was in motion.  The roots of a tree one was hiding behind came up from the ground, wrapping itself around the unsuspecting terok.  Within seconds, the roots had a choke hold on the terok and pulled it to the ground.  The human with them saw us and directed the teroks towards us.  They came at a charge with their swords drawn.  
Aleesha dropped her bow and drew her sword as she didn’t have enough time to loose another arrow.  She met the first quickly.  She ducked under a high swipe at her neck and drove her sword into the terok’s stomach.  She pulled her sword out, spun and held her sword at an angle above her head to block a strike from the human.  Aleesha counter attacked with an angled slice that opened up his stomach, dropping him to the ground.
The other two teroks had gone around Aleesha, right towards Cerena and I.  I readied myself to take the charge of the first one.  I wasn’t sure how long I’d last if the second joined in.  As the terok closed in, he leaped into the air with both hands on his sword, which was held high over his head, ready to cleave me in half.  Things seemed to move in slow motion.  I knew I couldn’t hold back that strike with my sword.  Instead, I rolled to my side and quickly rose to my feet as the terok landed hard and fell to the ground.  I turned quickly to find the other terok, only to see him hit by a wicked bolt of green lightning from Cerena.  It fell to the ground in a twitching, smoldering pile.  I turned back to the other terok as it rose slowly to it’s feet.  I stepped in and swung hard at it’s side.  My sword sliced through it’s armor, but barely left a scratch on the terok itself.  But, the force was hard enough to knock it back down as it was wobbly already from the hard fall.  I came in fast, stabbing downward, but my sword was deflected by the terok’s sword.  I hadn’t expected it to react that quickly.  It rolled on it’s side and got back up, it’s sword ready to kill.  But what he hadn’t seen, that I did, was Aleesha coming up behind it, runner her sword through it’s back.  The terok died with a look of surprise on it’s face.
“Thanks,” I said, panting.
“No problem,” Aleesha said.
“That was some roll you did,” Cerena said to me with a hint of admiration.  “One second it looked like you were going to get cut in half, next thing you knew, you were three feet away ready to meet the attack of the other terok.”
“Really?” Aleesha said in surprise.
“Things just seemed to move in slow motion,” I explained as we cleaned off our weapons and picked our packs back up.  “I just did what felt natural.”  Aleesha cursed as she found her arrow stuck in the tree.  It snapped in two as she was trying to get it out.  She broke off the tip and placed it into her pack.
“I knew you were fast.  I’ve seen hints of it when we train,” she noted.  “Let’s get moving in case there are more nearby.”
“Thanks for the lightning,” I told Cerena as we left the area.
“No problem,” she replied.  “It’s fun saving your butt,” she snickered.  I stopped and tried to think of some witty comeback, but probably just looked like a fool with my finger up and my mouth open as she walked by.  I just turned and followed.
***
As we were eating lunch, we all heard a musical trill from above and looked up at the same time to see the flamebird circling overhead.  Cerena held out her arm and the bird came down, landing gently on her arm.  Cerena glowed slightly as she looked the bird in the eyes.  The bird seemed to communicate through both its movements and the occasional chirp.  After a minute or so, it flew away and Cerena’s glow dissipated.
“Taura said we should head south.  He does not know how Angor moves so quickly, but he is at least a days journey ahead of us,” Cerena stated.
“Taura?” I asked.
“Yes, that’s his name- Taura,” she stated.
“And Taura said we should go south because that’s where Angor went?” Aleesha asked suspiciously.
“Yes, he said Angor started heading south yesterday.  He’s not sure why, though.  But I trust what he’s learned.”  Cerena seemed to be defending her avian friend.
“Ok, south it is, then,” Aleesha said.
We headed off at a quick pace.  We didn’t want anything finding us so soon after the fight.  I’m not sure how many fights we can keep winning when we’re so outnumbered.  But, with Aleesha and Cerena, I felt like we could beat a dozen or maybe even more, on our own.  Well, okay, maybe that’d be a few too many.  I probably wouldn’t survive something like that.  
“How did you find out the flamebird’s name?” I asked, trying to get the thought of dying in battle out of my mind.
“Taura told me,” Cerena replied nonchalantly.
“Who, or what, else is he talking to in order to find these things out about Angor?” Aleesha asked.  She still seemed to doubt the bird.  I still wasn’t sure what to believe.  I mean, so much has happened to me in the past week, why not have birds that wizards talked to?
“Taura saw him in this area, so we know he’s still alive.  But he heard about Angor going south from another flamebird,” Cerena explained.  There seemed to be some tension in her voice.  With being doubted like she was by Aleesha, who could blame her?
Aleesha didn’t ask anything more after that.  I think she could tell Cerena was getting a bit frustrated.  The two continued to walk in silence.  I was afraid to break that silence, so I kept myself amused like I usually did on my solo long runs.  I let my mind ramble on without a filter.  Any thought that popped into my head, I entertained and rolled with it.  Most of my thoughts, though, centered around my family, especially my sister, Jenny.  Oh, how I missed her!  There were tons of other things I missed, too.  Coffee.  Granola.  Clif Bars.  My friends, of course.  Showers.  I was definitely missing showers!  Wiping down in a cool stream, no matter how warm the air temperature was, was no fun.
We went on in silence, at the same fast walking pace, for a few more hours.  Aleesha’s eyes never ceased searching the forest for anyone, or anything, that might be trying to sneak up on us, or that we could sneak up on.  Cerena’s thoughts seemed to be lost in the woods.   Sometimes it seemed like she was communicating with one creature or another, though I didn’t see that slight glow around her like when she’d talk with Taura.  She’d watch an animal, or a bird, for a few moments and give a smile or nod her head towards it.  But something she heard from a bird she was watching, or that she sensed, caused her to become alarmed.
“Aleesha,” she whispered as she crouched down.  “There’s a couple teroks up ahead.”  Sure enough, two teroks walked across in front of us about thirty yards ahead.  Quickly, Aleesha and I both crouched down as well.  I watched the teroks as they walked across our path.  They weren’t trying to go through as quietly as possible, but they weren’t making much noise either.  They’d glance around occasionally, but hadn’t noticed us, yet.
Aleesha stood up as she loaded her bow.  The teroks turned towards her and started to crouch right when Aleesha fired.  The arrow stuck with a thump, into the thigh of one terok.  The second ran off along the path it was taking, leaving the second one behind.
Aleesha knocked another arrow and took off after it.  I drew my sword and crept up towards the terok with the new leg ornament to finish it off.  A terok with an arrow in it’s leg was more my speed.  I did keep an eye on Aleesha.  I saw her slow and fire her arrow.  There was a grunt of pain followed by a thud, then she ran ahead some more.
I turned my eyes back to the terok on the ground.  Well, he was on the ground.  He was now standing, waiting for me, with his sword drawn.  But his eyes were no longer on me, but on Cerena.  Cerena was in the midst of casting a spell when the terok tried to hobble away from us.  But, the vines Cerena brought to life quickly wrapped around it’s legs, knocking it to the ground.  After that, they quickly wrapped around the rest of the terok, strangling it.
Aleesha came quickly running back.  “That was a rear scouting party.  We have to go and fast!  When one of the two doesn’t report to them, they’ll turn back and search the area.”  She turned and continued running towards the south, Cerena and I running behind her.
“Why do-“ I began.
“No talking,” Aleesha interrupted.  She didn’t even look back.  I looked over at Cerena.  She put her finger to her lips.  Huh, I laughed to myself.  That must be the alternate universe universal sign for silence.
We continued on at a run for about two more hours before Aleesha finally spoke.
“I think it’s safe for us to slow down for a while.  Those two teroks were the rear scouting party for a larger group of maybe twenty to thirty teroks, humans and, probably, at least one witch or warlock,” she explained.  “They only use rear scouts like that for parties of more than ten or so.  When I chased after the terok that ran away, I saw a lot of tracks.  I knew if I didn’t stop it, we were in serious trouble.  Once we had dispatched both ,we needed to take off, and fast, like we did.  If the main party had not heard from them in an hour, or less, they’d know something was wrong.  They’d stop the march, and send four or five to back track along with a warlock or witch.  That’s why we needed to run.”
“Wow, that really would’ve sucked,” I replied.  They both looked oddly at me.  “Oh, sucked.  It means lousy, basically.”
“Yes, well, anyway, we should keep heading south at a quick walk.  Keep the talking to a minimum and keep your eyes open,” Aleesha commanded.
“I’ll call Taura and see if he can let us know how far away they are.  I’ll see what I can do about the tracks as well.  I might be able to have some vines help erase some tracks, but I don’t know how successful it will be.  We’ll need to stop for a bit, though,” Cerena stated.
Cerena walked a few yards back the way we came.  She raised her arms out wide and began to chant.  The eerie, magical green aura glowed around her.  Cerena chanted for a few minutes before the glow dissipated and she brought her arms back to her sides.  Then, she held her right arm out as a flamebird flew around her head, then landed as soon as she had raised her arm.  She didn’t glow like she had in the past, but she was definitely communicating with the bird.  It looked like it may have been Taura, but I wasn’t totally sure.  After a few moments, the bird took off in the direction we came.  Cerena turned towards us and walked back over.  She looked awfully worn.  Aleesha took out her water skin and brought it over for Cerena to take a swig.  She gave her some of the tava bread as well.  Cerena gobbled it up and washed it down with the water.
“I think the roots will help hide our tracks, but I cannot be entirely certain.  Taura went back to see if we are safe from the patrol.  He should return in a couple hours,” Cerena explained.
“Thanks, Cerena.  That’s very impressive.  I’m sorry for doubting you, and your animal friends, earlier today,” Aleesha apologized sincerely.
“Thanks, Aleesha,” Cerena replied.  
“Do you think you’re okay enough to continue now?” Aleesha asked.
“Definitely,” Cerena replied.
“Alright, let’s move on, then.”
We continued on at a walk at first, then quickened our pace when Cerena seemed to have recovered some energy from her spell casting.  I spent a lot of time looking over my shoulder as we went.  I noticed Aleesha and Cerena doing the same.  Though, when I saw Cerena doing it, she was looking towards the sky, for Taura, I guessed, rather than for any approaching enemies.  We spent our time, again, moving in silence.  This allowed us the chance to listen for anything, or anyone, approaching as well as keeping us silent from any of Silva’s soldiers hunting us.
Both time and distance went by quickly.  In what seemed like the blink of an eye, we heard the trilling call of Taura closing in on us.  The call didn’t seem to be stressed, or frenetic, so I wasn’t too worried.  We paused while Cerena held her arm out upon which Taura landed.  The two talked in their magical way before Taura took off, again, this times to the south, the direction we’d been heading.
Cerena looked to us with a smile on her face.  “The hunting party, which numbered twenty-seven strong, followed our tracks for a few minutes, but then reached a point where the tracks disappeared.  They headed back and continued their journey east.  For this moment, we are safe.  From that party, at least.”
“That’s excellent news, Cerena, thank you,” Aleesha said.  “And thank Taura for us as well for his hard work.”
“I already have,” Cerena replied with a smile.
“Let’s stop here for tonight and set up camp,” Aleesha said.  “I know it’s early, but we’ve spent a lot of time running and we need our rest.  We have no idea how long we’ll be out here for.”
We sat and ate our tava bread and fruit in silence.  I also ate some of the nuts I had as Aleesha and Cerena munched on some dried meats.
“Did Taura give you any hint as to what direction we need to head?  Is Angor still in the south?” Aleesha asked.
“No, but he was going to continue south to make sure Angor was still in that area.  And, if not, he was going to follow him for a while to see where he was headed,” Cerena explained.
“I have a feeling he’s moved, again,” Aleesha said.
“Why do you say that?” Cerena asked.
“Well, he seems to be able to sense our approach.  As soon as we get closer, he heads off in another direction.”  Aleesha paused and thought for a moment, then continued.  “He seems to be leading us in a chase around the forest, for some reason,” she offered in explanation.
She had a good point.  “He does seem to be moving once we get into a fight with the teroks,” I said.
“You’re right, Davis.  He really does.”  Aleesha trailed off in thought again.
“Maybe he’s testing us,” Cerena offered.
Aleesha’s eyes perked up at that suggestion.  She looked at Cerena for a moment.
“Maybe it’s not us he testing,” Aleesha began.  “Maybe he’s testing you.”
“Me?  Why me?” Cerena protested.
“Well, you are very strong with your nature magic.  Maybe he’s looking for someone to teach,” Aleesha explained.
“You’re right,” said a shaky voice from behind us.  Aleesha was up in a flash, her sword drawn.
A man in a long green robe, with long, gray hair and an equally long gray beard, stepped seemingly from out of nowhere and approached us.  His eyes were as green as his robes, though a more brilliant and vibrant green. A vibrance that suggested both great wisdom and a youthfulness.
“I have been testing you, Cerena.”
Found!
“What?” Cerena exclaimed.  Or she tried to.  Her voice was a bit shaky and cracked.
“I have been testing you, Cerena,” the man said.  He walked closer.  He was a tall man, probably about six-four or so.  His gray, unkempt beard looked to be at least a foot long.  His gray hair was just as unkempt and hung down past his shoulders.
“Allow me to introduce myself.  I am Angor,” he simply stated.  “I have been watching you since you entered the forest, Cerena.  Actually, I sensed you a couple years ago.  I could feel your magical nature powers.  Once you entered the forest, I wanted to see where your heart lay and to watch how far you have progressed.”
Aleesha seemed a bit awestruck.  She had lowered her sword, but did not yet return it to it’s sheath.  Me?  I had no idea what to do.  I just kept an eye on the man who called himself Angor.
“You are, aren’t you?” Cerena said as she walked towards him.  Then Cerena stopped, got down on one knee and bowed her head.  “It’s an honor to meet you, Wizard Angor.”
“Please, child, rise,” Angor said in a kind and gentle voice.  He offered her his hand, which she took as she stood back up.  Cerena looked to be in awe.  “I have never liked formalities,” he added with a smile.
“But we didn’t come here to have me tested,” Cerena began.  “This is Davis.  He was brought to our world through a dimensional door against his will.  We came here, to the Forest of Angor, to seek your aide to help send him home.”
Angor looked over at me.  “Yes, I have heard of you, Davis, from some of my animal friends.  But I do not know your whole story.  I would like to hear it, but this is not the place.  Please, let’s head to my home.  It’s just a short ways away.”
Without waiting for an answer, Angor turned and walked back towards the direction from which he first appeared.  Cerena immediately followed.
“Do you think he’s telling the truth?” I whispered to Aleesha.
“I…yes.  I do.  I don’t know how or why I know, but I do believe he is Angor,” Aleesha replied.  She had already put her sword back in it’s sheath and followed behind Cerena.  I followed along, with a sense of hope that, maybe, Angor would be able to find a way for me to get home.
***
We walked in silence for about thirty minutes or so before we happened upon a small cottage not much bigger than the homes back in Harn.  It was simply built out of dark stones.  There was a small chimney made of the same dark stone sticking through the roof.  The roof, which slanted towards the back of the cottage, was made of many branches which were intertwined.  There was also a fire pit outside of the house with five large stones surrounding it.  We walked past the fire pit into the house.  Angor definitely lived simply.  Inside the hut was a small mattress on the ground, a small round table with two chairs, and a couple chests, which were closed.  He didn’t have any ‘wizard stuff’ like a table with vials, burners and experiments going on it like at the Tower of the Gray.
“Please, sit,” he said gesturing two the chairs.  He looked at me and added, “I’m not used to guests at all.”
Angor walked over to some skins hanging on the wall and poured water from one into four mugs.  Aleesha and Cerena sat in the chairs.  I stood next to the table between them facing towards the inside of the house.
“Avers anyone?” he asked, offering us each one of the juicy apple like fruit.  We all graciously accepted one and hungrily began eating.
“So, Davis, please, tell me more of your tale,” he asked.
I started from my run and told him everything from the winds, to the colors of the lights, any and every detail I could remember.  I told Angor about the cell phone and the Garmin and how they worked.  Once I had finished, Cerena began explaining what she could of what Gerol had already tried and what he was working on.
“That’s some tale, Davis.  I’m sorry you’ve been taken from your world.  I wish ours was at a point that was more…hospitable.  Selenia is truly a beautiful place,” Davis said with a hint of sorrow in his voice.  He looked away for a moment, then looked back at me with his green, piercing eyes.  “I’m even more sorry to say that dimensional travel is outside of my realm of power.  Dimension travel is against the forces of nature.”
My heart broke.  I felt my eyes start to water.  I hadn’t realized how much I expected Angor to be able to get me home.  I turned and walked out the door.
I didn’t go far.  I walked past the fire pit to the trees before coming to a stop.  I wanted to just go for a run like I would back home if I was upset or needed to think.  Running always helped me gather my thoughts.  I would if I could, but I might not survive a run in this world.  So, I just stood, staring into the forest.  I was mad at Angor, too.  He really didn’t spend much time thinking about how he could get me home.  He just flat out said, ‘No.’  Not ‘I’ll see what I can do.’  Just a plain old, ‘Nope.’  I was mad for being stuck here.  I was mad at myself for going into the woods. I was mad at myself for going for a run that day I was brought to this backwards hole in the wall world.
I took another bite from my aver and chucked it into the woods as far as I could throw it.  A hand on my shoulder caused me to jump a bit.  It was Aleesha.  She didn’t say anything, but the sadness in her eyes showed that she was upset as well.  She just stood next to me, eating her aver.  I guess she knew there was nothing she could say that could help.  
I’m not sure how long I stood there, brooding, but I began to smell camp fire smoke.  Shortly after I heard some wood crackling in a fire.  I turned to see Cerena had started a fire in the fire pit.
“Come, sit, Davis.  I’ll make some tea,” Cerena offered.  It was getting dark.  I was physically and emotionally drained.  I hadn’t realized how tired I was until she offered the tea.
“Thanks,” I said to Aleesha who was still standing next to me.  We walked over to the fire pit and sat on the stones surrounding it.
Cerena handed me a mug of tea.  The warmth of the mug in my hands felt good. It felt comforting.  I brought the mug towards my mouth and closed my eyes at the delicious aroma emanating from it.  I took a long, slow sip, enjoying the warmth slowly spreading down my throat.
“Davis,” Cerena began, speaking softly, “I had no idea he couldn’t do anything to help you.  I’m so sorry.”
“Thanks, Cerena,” I replied.  “It’s not your fault.  It’s not Angor’s fault.  He can’t, not won’t.  But I was hoping he’d at least offer to help find a way through some other magic or maybe knew of someone who might.”
“I’ll do everything I can to help you, Davis,” Angor said as he sat down on a rock.  He took a cup of tea from Cerena.  “I didn’t mean that I won’t help you, like you said.  I really can’t do any sort of magic that will help you get home.  But, I will do what I can to return you.  There have been a few warlocks and witches that have used dimension doors to bring many horrific beasts to our world for the purposes of evil.  You may find one willing to help you.  But I wouldn’t count on that.”
“Thank you, Angor,” I replied with a chuckle.  “Something tells me that Malfius wouldn’t be willing to lend a hand.”  The three laughed.  I think it was more as a stress release than the actual joke itself, but it was nice to laugh amongst a couple, well, friends, I guessed.  That’s definitely what Cerena and Aleesha have become.  I smiled even bigger at that thought.  Then I remembered my words.  I would do everything I could to help them and to stop Silva and Malfius.  They’re spending time away from their duty to protect their people and their homes to help me.
“We should leave in the morning,” I told them.  “We should head back to the tower and then return to Harn.”
“We should return to Harn?  Are you planning on joining the fight, Davis?” Aleesha asked with a hint of concern in her voice.
“Yes, I am.  If you can take time from defending your people to help me get home, then while I am here, I will do everything I can to help you.  I’ll train my butt off to be able to take care of myself and to be able to help others,” I responded.  “I feel like our destinies are intertwined.  I feel like my way home is through helping Selenia.”
“You are right about that, Davis,” Angor stated.  “Your destinies are intertwined.  The three of you, together, are destined for greatness.”  Angor took a long sip of tea and looked directly at Aleesha.  “I believe Gerol may have already told you something of the like, my dear.”
Aleesha’s eyes widened.  “How did you know this?” she asked in shock.
“What are you talking about,” I asked them both feeling confused.  
Aleesha looked at me, her eyes opened wide.  “Well,” she began, “before we left, after Gerol told you about possibly being part of a prophecy, he told me that he feels you were brought here to help Malfius.  But, you were not what Malfius thought you might be.  You came through before he could sacrifice me to bring whatever monster he really wanted through the portal.  But, you may possess the powers that this monster may have had that Malfius wanted.  The power to turn the tide, but in our favor.”
“And what might these powers be?” I asked suspiciously.
“He did not say.  I’m not sure he really knows, exactly,” Aleesha replied, looking towards Angor for help.
“No, he does not.  Nor do I, yet,” Angor answered.  “But, there is no doubt in my mind, nor in the mind of Gerol, that you were destined to be here, in this land, at this time, to help defeat Silva.”
Wow.  Me.  Destined to be here?  I doubted it.  I only ended up here because of my own curiosity and then desire to help save someone from being murdered.
“Cerena,” Angor said, “you have great power as well.  You just need to learn to harness it.  You have the potential to be one of the greatest wizards ever.”
“Thank you, Angor,” Cerena replied.
“But, you still have more to learn from both Gerol and the world as a whole.  There will come a time, though, where you will need to come to me to help you reach your potential.  I do not know exactly when this will be, but you will sense it, and when you do,” Angor said, “come to the forest and you will find me.”
“I thought Gerol said I had no more to learn from him,” she protested, though not too strongly.
“He is right, for the most part.  As you travel the lands, you will find things, learn things and see things that you may need help with,” Angor said, “and that is where Gerol comes in.  He will be able to help guide you more than teach you.  He will become more of your advisor than your teacher.”
“That makes sense,” she said, beaming with pride.  “I have some questions already.  There are times when I’ve cast a few spells and not felt drained, but then cast one spell that left me more tired than I felt it should have.”
Aleesha had said something after fighting a group of Silva’s minions about her power.  Apparently, she was right.  It was much more obvious to see Cerena’s power.  But me?  I had no idea what I might be here for.  I could barely fight to save my life, but I had no magical powers whatsoever.  How was I to help turn the tide of this war and defeat Silva?  Then a question came to mind that I needed to ask.
“Angor, do you think that once I fulfill my destiny, what ever it may be, that I will return to my world?” I asked.
“I honestly don’t think so,” Angor began.  “It doesn’t work that way with monsters.  Usually, they are killed before they are sent back.  Or, in the case of Ungeth, there was a way to send it back, but it took a lot of power to do so.”
“So, there may be another way to send me back?” I asked.
“Yes, there may be a way, but there is no way to know for sure.  Malfius did not finish his spell to bring a monster through a dimensional door.  So, even if we were to find out how he started his spell, he did not finish it.  There’s no way to know for sure if using the same spell, or breaking something he started, will send you back.”  Angor looked to be thinking deeply about his own words.  They were quite thought provoking.  Even if we were able to get to Malfius and stop him, there was no way of knowing if it would send me back.  Or, by some chance he was feeling gracious enough, offering to send me back.
“So, I think our next step is to find Malfius and kill him,” Cerena stated quite simply.  We looked at her.  She just stared straight into the fire for a moment before realizing that we were staring at her.  She had a look on her face that seemed to say that she didn’t realize she made that statement out loud.  “Our next step to try to help Davis get home, and to help free all the lands from Silva’s grip, is to kill Malfius.”
I wondered if that was my destiny.  To give them all a strong reason to go right for Malfius and kill him.  Maybe, since he brought me here, though accidentally, I needed to kill him to get myself back home.  I had no idea.
Staring at the fire seemed to be a good thing to do right now.  No one talked.  We all just stared at the fire, deep in our own thoughts.  Cerena was probably thinking about her powers, Aleesha about how to find and kill Malfius, Angor about, well, who knew.  And me?  I thought about being back home.  I wondered how the hell I would explain my prolonged absence.
“I think I need to learn to shoot a bow,” I blurted out randomly.
“Huh?” Aleesha asked.  “Oh, yeah, no problem.  When we get back to the tower, we can get you a bow and some practice arrows.  You’d probably be a natural like you seem to be with the sword.  Especially if you practice as hard as you do with the sword.”
“You know how to use that sword you wear at your side, Davis?” Angor asked.
“Uh, well,” I began.
“Yes,” Cerena interrupted, “he does.  He’s a quick learner who’s also quick on his feet.”
“Hmm,” was all Angor said.
We settled back into our silence.  The night surrounded us fully.  The night animals and insects were all we heard, aside from the crackle of the fire.
“I think you should all stay for the day tomorrow, and then leave the next morning.  You could all use the rest and you all have a lot to think about,” Angor said, breaking the silence.  “Plus, I have a bow and some arrows.  They’re old, but they are yours, Davis, if you’d like.”
“Yeah, I’d like that!” I said excitedly.
“Angor is right,” Aleesha added.  “We can use the rest.  We will stay tomorrow and then leave the next morning.  But, Angor, where will we all sleep?”
“Oh, there’s some room behind my cottage,” he said with a sly smile.  “Come, I’ll show you.”
We stood up and followed him along the side of his house.  Once we turned the corner, there, right in front of us, right behind his home, was a huge tree.  I have no idea how we missed it.  The thing dwarfed the Redwoods in California.  It was as wide at the base as it appeared to be all the way up to the tree line.  From there, who knew?  The thing seemed like it would tower over every other tree in the whole forest.  And?  It looked to be twice as wide as his cottage.  We had all stopped and stared in awe as Angor kept walking.  We all had to walk quickly to catch back up.  Then, I realized where he was taking us.  At the base of the tree was a door.  The door led right into the tree!  I then looked up, and more closely at it.  There were windows in the tree as well.  There were also a couple small holes where, because of the blackened coloring on the tree above them, it looked like smoke might come out of.  In fact, it looked like a small wisp of smoke was trailing out of one right now!
We got to the door right behind Angor.  You couldn’t tell from far away, but the door had intricate carvings of vines and birds all around the edges.  Angor waved his arm with a flourish in front of the door.  There was a slight click, and then the door opened on it’s own.
“After you,” Angor said with a smile and a slight bow.
Cerena entered, with Aleesha after, and me trailing behind.  The inside was amazing!  The room we were in was circular and about twenty feet across.  The walls were, of course, the inside of the tree; perfectly smooth wooden walls without a single seam.  You could see the grain of the tree perfectly.  The colors and waviness of the lines were mesmerizing.  I felt like I could stare at them for hours.  The floor looked like the top of a gigantic stump.  You could see the hundreds, no, thousands of rings in the life of this tree.  You could see where it may have gotten sick at one point, or maybe survived a fire.  You could see when there was a drought and when there was enough rainfall for this amazing goliath.  There was nothing else in this room except for a barely perceptible stairwell carved into the edge of the tree spiraling up.
“Please, follow me to your rooms.  Try not to fall off the steps while looking around,” Angor added with a slight chuckle.  “If you did, though, it wouldn’t be the first time!”  He laughed heartily at his own joke.
It was hard to not stare at the walls as we rose higher into the tree.  I stumbled a couple times, but never enough to completely fall.  Aleesha, Cerena and I stopped for a minute or two when we reached a window.  We were only about twenty feet or so up in the air, but, for me, it was the uniqueness of looking out from the inside of a tree.  The view was amazing as well.  The air was so amazingly clear.  The trees, grown perfectly, made the view a bit hypnotizing.  You could see make out the silhouettes of different types of birds perched in branches or soaring from branch to branch as well in the darkness.
It was only a couple minutes more of climbing once we continued on from the window.  I’m not sure how many steps we walked up before reaching the next level, but it was probably five or six flights worth.  The stairs led right through an opening in the next floor.  The floor was seamlessly carved from the inside of the tree.  You could see the smooth lines coming from the wall to the floor and the grain of the wood as you climbed through the opening.
The second floor had a hallway down the middle dividing this level into two halves.  Each half had a large doorway carved into the wall leading into our bedrooms.  Each wall was, like the floor, seamlessly carved from the tree.  The power to construct this tree-tower was beyond anything I could comprehend.
“These will be your rooms for the night.  There’s a fireplace in each room along with a couple beds, some food and fresh water,” Angor said.  At least I think that’s what he said.  I was in such awe of this place that I didn’t catch everything he said.  From the looks on Cerena’s and Aleesha’s faces, I don’t think they fully heard Angor either.
“Uh, thank you, Angor,” Cerena said.  That was all he got from us, except for some nods in agreement.
“What…how…,” Cerena tried to continue.
“What are on the other floors?  How was it built?” Angor completed for her and, quite frankly, for me also.  “Those questions will be answered tomorrow when I take you on a tour.  Have a good night!”
Angor turned and walked back to the stairs and headed slowly down and out of sight.
We each walked into the bedrooms and looked around.  I found myself running my hands along the walls and the areas where the walls met trying to see if it really was one continuous piece carved right from the tree or if the tree was carved out and then the floor and walls built in.  I could find no seam no matter where I looked.  Everything was perfectly smooth and perfectly beautiful.  Angor was truly a man of great power.
After a while, Aleesha came over with Cerena and some plates of food.
“I thought we might eat together,” Aleesha said as they sat down at a small table in my room for the night.
“Ok,” was all I could say.  I was still very awestruck.  I hadn’t even considered eating yet.  I sat down at a chair at the table between Cerena and Aleesha.  There was already a plate of fruits, vegetables and nuts along with a mug of water there for me.
“Thanks for bringing me some food,” I said.
“We didn’t bring it,” Cerena replied.  “It was already here, as was ours.  The exact foods that we each love to eat was already prepared for us on our plates.”
We ate in silence.  The food was delicious.  It seemed like the fruits and vegetables were picked fresh this morning.  They probably were!  The water was cool and crisp, fresh from a stream.
“Do you think he made this all himself, Cerena?” Aleesha asked.
“I’m not totally sure, but, knowing how much of a loner he was, or is, I’d say that he probably did,” Cerena replied.
“I’d love to have a peak around before falling asleep,” Aleesha said with a sly look.  “Anyone up for joining me?”
“Aleesha, I don’t think we-”
“Sure!  I’m full anyway,” I interrupted Cerena.
“Excellent!” Aleesha exclaimed.
“Hey, you two aren’t going to go without me.  I have to make sure you don’t ruin any experiments or break anything,” Cerena scolded.
***
After walking up the stairs a few more flights, we arrived at the next floor.  This level was completely open.  It was filled with tables built into the walls and extending up from the floors.  The tables were filled with all sorts of vials, tubes and beakers, burners and candles and many, many books scattered around.  Basically, it looked a lot like Gerol’s lab at his tower, except on a much grander scale.  We only walked around a bit, being very careful not to disturb anything.  I only wanted to check to see if the tables were carved right out of the floor.  As I suspected, they were.  Every single table in the middle of the floor had been carved from the tree.  There was not a single seam to be seen.
Within a couple minutes we were continuing on to the next floor.
Before we reached the next floor, we found a door leading to the outside.  When we first saw it, we thought it was just a window.  But, as we got closer, we saw that it was a door leading out to a long, wide branch.  We opened the door and headed out onto it.  The branch was about five or six feet wide.  It had a natural railing made of smaller branches rising out of the main branch, intertwined with vines.  There were two small tables and six chairs.  Unlike the tables in the lab, these were not carved out of the tree.  We sat for a while at one of the tables and enjoyed the night.  We were still below the canopy of the forest, so no light really came through from the moon or the stars.  I could see the occasional night bird, possibly something like a bat, flitting around, hunting for insects.
“This place is simply amazing,” Cerena said with a hint of awe in her voice.
“It’s possibly the most beautiful place I have ever seen,” Aleesha agreed, nodding her head.
“I think I could stay here forever,” I added.
We sat in silence for a while.  When we seemed to be barely able to keep our eyes open, or our heads up, we left the branch and headed back down to our own beds.  I think I fell asleep before my head hit the pillow.
***
I woke to the sounds of someone walking up the stairs.  Being carved right from the tree, it wasn’t from any creaking.  I don’t think they could creak if you tried to make them creak, but I was woken from footsteps climbing slowly up to our floor.  I got dressed and headed out to see who was coming up.
“Good morning, Davis,” Angor greeted.  “I thought I’d bring you all some breakfast.  I’ve got some fresh baked bread and fruit in my favorite spot already, as well as some tea brewing in my lab.”
“Thanks, Angor.  Are Aleesha and Cerena up yet?” I asked.
“Yes, they are.  They’re out on the branch already.  I could see that you three had already found it.  What did you think?” Angor asked.
“We loved it!  It was so calm and peaceful.  I can’t wait to see the view this morning,” I said excitedly.
I followed Angor up to his lab.  He turned and headed in to one of his tables to get the tea, I guessed, and I continued on to the porch.  Angor was right- the view this morning was stunning!  The light from the sun shimmered through the leaves, sending reflections of light all over as the leaves fluttered in a light breeze.  Dozens of different types of birds bobbed and weaved between the branches of the tower and the trees around it.  Many were even flying around the porch, landing on the branches and vines that made up the railing.  Some were coming in to feed on the tiny orange berries that grew from the vines, others just to sit and sing.
“Morning, Davis,” Aleesha whispered.  “Come slowly and quietly so you don’t scare any of the birds off.”
Both ladies were sitting at the same table we sat at last night.  They had picked at the plate of bread and plates of berries in front of them a bit.  I’m sure they spent more time admiring the view.  I knew that was my plan.
Before sitting, I went over to the railing to see how high we were.  When I got to the edge, my head spun a bit.  I was not quite prepared for how high up we actually were.  I’d say it was at least a hundred foot drop to the ground.  I closed my eyes for a bit and took some deep breaths to stop my head form spinning.  When I opened them, I fully took in the view below.  There were many different levels of branches reaching out for each other from tree to tree.  Birds flitted in and out of my view, spiroes hopped from branch to branch, sometimes alone, sometimes chasing each other.  There were a couple other smaller animals as well acting in similar ways as the spiroes.  I watched for a few minutes before being awakened out of my trance by Angor delivering our mugs of tea.
I sat down and held the warm mug in my hands.  Tea may not be as good as coffee, to me at least, but the feeling of the warm mug in my hands was still very comforting.  I brought it to my lips and took a long whiff if the fruit scented tea.  It tasted as delicious as it smelled.  I tore off a pice of the bread, which was still slightly warm.  The bread practically melted in my mouth.  I could see the girls watching me as I ate.
“It’s the best bread ever, don’t you think?” Cerena asked.
“Oh, yeah, I think it is,” I agreed, tearing off another chunk and popping it into my mouth.
Angor sat down with us, slowly eating some of the bread and drinking his tea while enjoying the view around us.  We sat in silence for the rest of our breakfast.
When we were done, Angor asked, “What are your plans for the day?”
“Well, you had mentioned having some bows around that I could practice with,” I began.  “I’d love to start.”
“Yes, I have some bows and plenty of arrows a few floors up.  I’m sure Aleesha can help you choose the right one for you,” Angor replied.  “How about you, Aleesha?”
“Other than teaching Davis to shoot, I think I’d like to sit and relax, sleep, wander around the tower, inside and out- if that is okay with you, of course.”
“Yes, that would be fine.  Any room that is not locked, you are welcome to explore.  Feel free to replenish your supplies as well for your journey back to the Tower of the Gray tomorrow,” Angor answered.  “And you, Cerena?”
“I want to spend the day learning from you, Angor,” she answered quickly.
“I thought so,” Angor laughed.  “It would be my pleasure to finally have a student.”
***
Aleesha and I headed up the stairs after helping clear the dishes and taking in the view for a bit longer.  As I have learned about this tower, each floor is not necessarily a floor like I was used to back home.  Each floor varied in distance from each other.  After a few floors up from the porch, about sixty feet higher than the porch, we were finally over the canopy.  There was a window a few feet below where we were headed to.  We couldn’t help but marvel at the view.  We could see for miles over the sea of green tree tops.  The sheer volume of birds sitting on top of the trees and flying around was amazing.
We walked through the opening to the floor we wanted and seemed to be right smack in the middle of an armory.  Aleesha’s jaw dropped for a moment.  There were several bows of all lengths and colors of wood hung along the walls.  Alongside the bows were quivers of arrows as well as crates filled with arrows.  Across from the bows were many different swords.  Some long, some short.  Some looked fit for a king, some looked very ordinary.  There was also a variety of other weapons I’d never seen before except in movies or museums- axe style blades at the end of long poles, ones that looked like spears but had extra points at the end that curved around and many others.
“Angor has enough here to supply a small army.  I wonder how he happened upon all of these?” Aleesha wondered out loud.  “I’m going to have to ask him about these weapons,” she added as she walked over to the swords.  The was running her hands along the scabbards.  She paused at one that had a plain looking handle with a green gemstone attached to the end.  She pulled it off the wall and drew the sword.  The blade gave a resounding ring that echoed around the room.  I could tell by the look on her face that she admired it greatly.
“This…this is the sword for me.  It’s very nondescript, but the blade is amazing,” she said as she undid her belt, took her scabbard off and attached the new blade.  She hung her old sword on the wall in place of the one she took.  “Let’s get you the right bow.”
We walked over to the bows.  I wasn’t sure exactly what to look for.  I picked up one that was made of a dark wood and pulled back on the string.  It was very hard to pull.
“Here,” Aleesha said grabbing for the bow.  “Let me try.”  She held the bow up and pulled back on the string.  It came back easily for her, then she let it go.  She pulled it back and forth a few more times.  “This is a fine bow.  It may be hard for you since you’re just beginning, but I think we’ll take it anyway.”  She handed the bow back and then grabbed two quivers of arrows.  She gave one to me to sling over my shoulder and kept the other one for herself, to add to the two she already had.
“Let’s get some practice arrows and head out to try your new bow,” she said with a smile.  
I couldn’t help but smile back at her enthusiasm.  “I can’t wait!”
She walked over and pulled out a handful of arrows.  She peaked in another barrel and pulled out a large piece of cloth.  Based on the colors on it, I’d say it was a target.
“Let’s see how well you can hit this,” she said, waving the target.
***
It took several minutes, especially with stops at windows and at the branch porch to nibble on some more bread, but we finally made it back to the bottom of the tower.  We went outside and walked to the side of the tower and the house.  It was clear here for a few dozen yards which I’m sure was plenty enough room for me.  I’m not sure how many long distance targets I was going to hit.
“Wait here,” Aleesha said as she walked away towards the other end of the clearing.  “I’ll go set up the target.”
Aleesha attached the target to a tree with a couple arrows.  I hoped Angor wouldn’t mind.
She beckoned me forward until I was about ten yards away.
“Now, hold the bow up like this,” she said demonstrating with her bow, “and pull the string back.”  I copied her movements.
“Good,” she complimented.  “Now, try it with a practice arrow.”  She handed me one of the practice arrows.  They had no metal point on the end.  Instead, they had a dull wood point made right from the shaft.
“Put the notch of the arrow onto the string and pull back on the string with the arrow resting between your index and middle fingers.”  She paused to make a slight adjustment in my hold.  “Good.  Now, pull all the way back and look down the shaft of the arrow and aim it at the target.  As you breath out, release your fingers.”
I aimed the arrow at the center of the target.  I breathed in deeply, then the released my breath and then the arrow with a snap of the string.
“Ow!  Crap!” I yelled, dropping the bow.  The string had snapped against my wrist and the arrow went flying into the woods and ricocheted off of a tree.  Aleesha was laughing so hard she could hardly breathe.
“You knew that was going to happen, didn’t you?” I accused.
“Um…yeah…,” she said between laughs.  “Go get your arrow and we’ll try again.”
I went to get my arrow, rubbing my arm the whole way out and back.  I was mad that she didn’t tell me that I might snap the string on my wrist, but I have to admit it was pretty funny.  However, I also became more determined to not let that happen again.
“Okay.  This time, we’re going to practice drawing and raising the bow a few times to help build up the right muscles for shooting and to also help make the action automatic,” she explained.
I raised and lowered the bow several times, causing my arm and shoulder muscles to ache.  I sure didn’t use them as much as I used my leg muscles.  I tended to neglect upper body strength training with all the running that I did.
“Alright, let’s try again.  Knock the arrow and pull back, but don’t release yet.  Good.  Now, adjust your hand.  It’s too far inside, which is why you hit your wrist.  Excellent!” she praised.  “Now, aim, breathe out and release.”
I aimed again at the middle of the target.  I slowly breathed out, imagining the arrow hitting the center, and released.  The arrow landed with a thunk into the target!  It wasn’t near the center, but it was in the outside circle!
“Yes!”I exclaimed.  “Hey, I didn’t hit my wrist, either,” I added.
“Wow.  I didn’t expect you to hit the target after only your second shot.  That was impressive.”  She paused for a moment then added, “Maybe you being brought here was your destiny.  You’re pretty good with the sword already and now this.  Go ahead and shoot the other practice arrows.  Concentrate on the target, breathe out and release each time.”
I picked the second arrow out of the ground and held it in the ready position.  I aimed at the center, again, breathed out and released.  Thunk.  This one landed about an inch closer to the center.  Next one, thunk, on the outside ring on the opposite side of the first two.  Thunk, thunk, thunk.  I landed the rest of the arrows all in various positions around the target.  None in the center, or the ring around the center, but they all hit.
“Can we move back further?” I said with a smile.
“Yeah, let’s move back further.  Go get your arrows, marksmen.”
I ran to the tree and pulled the arrows out, with some effort as they were stuck about an inch deep in the tree, and ran back to where Aleesha was waiting.
“Keep practicing.  Remember, aim, breathe, release,” she ordered.  “I’ll be right back with some water.”
“Yes ma’am!” I snapped back.
I practiced for a few dozen more shots from about twenty yards.  I didn’t hit the center at all, but did get that inner ring a couple times.  I had missed the tree completely twice.  Both times I nailed my wrist with the bow string.  After retrieving the arrows from the last round, I decided to move back, again.  I went to about forty yards away, just to see what I could do.  My arms were aching, my shoulders were burning, but it felt great to be doing something that felt useful.
I set myself up, with all the arrows point first in the ground, ready to go.  I grabbed the first, and set myself up.  I made sure my hand was out enough, so I wouldn’t get whacked by the string.  I breathed in, then slowly breathed out.  I stared down the arrow, aiming at the center, then bringing the bow up a bit more because of the distance.  I breathed in again, imagining in my head the arrow flying through the air and hitting the target.  I released my breath and then let the arrow fly.  I watched it soar through the air and thunk right into the middle of the outside ring.
“Woohoo!” I cried out.  Then I heard some applause behind me.  Aleesha had brought out Cerena and Angor to watch.
“That was very impressive indeed,” Angor said.  “Very, very impressive.”
“Wow!” Cerena said.
“How did you do at twenty yards?” Aleesha asked.
“I did pretty good.  I did hit the ring just outside the center a couple times, but also missed the target completely twice as well.  I think it’s because I had my hand in too far because I hit my wrist on both those shots,” I replied.
“You’re learning quickly,” Aleesha said.  “Great job with that distance shot, but let’s stick with the closer shots to get your aim down.”  She held out a mug of water, “Here, take a break, I’ll go move the arrows back up.”  I took the mug and Aleesha went to take care of the arrows.
“You’ve never shot before?” Angor asked.
I did once a long time ago- probably about fifteen or twenty years ago.  I don’t remember doing that well at all.  I only shot a few arrows, too, and that was it,” I answered.
“Alright, breaks over,” Aleesha yelled.
I handed the mug to Cerena and headed back to work.  We practiced about forty more shots or so from the same twenty yard distance.  I didn’t miss the target and even hit the center circle a couple times.  By the time we were done, I could barely carry the bow and arrows over my shoulder.  We headed inside to grab some lunch.  I took great joy in running up the stairs to the weapons room to return the practice arrows.  It felt great to run so freely up these stairs.  The only times I’ve run since entering this world were to save my life.  I enjoyed the burn in my quads and calves as I neared the top.  I put the arrows away, then met the other three on the branch porch for some lunch.
After lunch, I spent the rest of the day sitting on the porch drinking tea and water, watching the birds flit in and out of the vines and branches, eating insects and berries, and chasing each other around.  I hadn’t felt this at peace in a while.  It felt really good.  At dinner, Aleesha and Angor brought out more food and tea.  Cerena had stayed inside, in Angor’s lab, and ate while she worked and read Angor’s books.  I stayed right where I was after dinner, until dark, when Aleesha came out.
“I want to get out early, right after dawn, and head back to the tower.  Angor said that our way should be straight and peaceful.  He said it should only take a days journey,” Aleesha said.
“Okay.  I’m going to head to bed now anyway.  I’m beat,” I told her.
I headed back down to our rooms, laid on the bed and fell asleep.  I dreamed of home, of splitting arrows with other arrows like Robin Hood, and of fighting the teroks.
I awoke to a gentle tap on my shoulder.  It was Cerena.
“Good morning, Davis,” she said with a cheerful smile.  “Time to get up and get going.  Angor gave us some food we can eat on the way back to the Tower of the Gray.”
“Okay,” I said.  It was all I could reply.  My arms were killing me from all the bow and arrow practice.
“Aleesha got our bags and water ready for us yesterday while I was reading Angor’s books and you were on the porch.”
“Oh, that was nice,” I yawned.
“Come on, sleepy, let’s get movin’!” Aleesha yelled from the stairs.
We headed all the way down to the bottom floor and out the door.  As we walked away, I paused and turned to take one last look at the tower.  It truly was an amazing creation, but I hoped to never see it again.  We met up with Aleesha and Angor at the front of his house.
“Here’s your pack,” Aleesha said.
“Thanks, Aleesha,” I said.  “Good morning, Angor.”
“Good morning, Davis.  I hope you enjoyed your time here,” Angor said.
“I did.  This tower is an amazing creation,” I told him.  “Thank you for the food, the bow and the rest of the supplies.”
“You’re welcome, Davis.  I will keep searching for a way to get you home.  In the mean time, all three of you are welcome back, especially if you find yourself in great need while in the forest.  Cerena can send any bird to find me and I will, in turn, find you,” Angor said.  “Have a safe journey.”
We turned and headed off into the forest for the Tower of the Gray.
“Cerena,” Angor beckoned, “I need to tell you one last thing.”
Cerena walked back as Aleesha and I continued on.  After a minute or two, Cerena caught back up.  She had a smile on her face, and her pack looked a bit heavier than before, but she didn’t say anything about what Angor told, or gave, her.
Back to Harn
The journey back to the tower was, as Angor said it would be, quick and easy.  We didn’t see a single sign of any enemy forces.  We kept up a fast hiking pace the entire way since we just had a day “off” yesterday.  I found myself day dreaming a lot during the trip back to the Tower of the Gray.  I kept thinking about how easy it was to hit the targets with the bow and the looks on their faces when Cerena and Angor heard, and saw, how well I was doing.  I thought about the tower Angor created, the amazing views and how peaceful it was on the branch porch, and the bread- oh, that bread was fabulous!  We made it back to the tower by nightfall.
Gerol and Colin met us in Gerol’s house almost as soon as we walked in.
“How did the…,” Gerol began, but was interrupted by Cerena.
“We met Angor!  It was amazing!” Cerena yelled.  Colin came over and embraced his twin, Cerena.
Gerol’s eyes widened at the news.
“You met Angor?” he said.  “Please, tell me about it.  Colin, go make us all some tea.”
“I’m not sure where to begin,” Cerena said.  She paused to think for a moment.
“Well, we kept following the directions that Taura told us to follow in order to find Angor.  He’s a flamebird that I’ve been talking too,” she added when Gerol had a confused look on his face.  “Where ever we went, we ran into, and defeated, Silva’s army.  It turned out that Angor was testing us.”
“You mean testing you,” Aleesha added with a smile.
“Yes, he said he was testing me.  After he found us, we followed him back to his home and his tower,” Cerena continued.
“You saw his tower?” Gerol asked.  “Was it as amazing as the legends say?”
“Yes, and so much more!” Cerena said excitedly.  “Anyway, he said that he has been following me and my progress for a while now.  When I’m ready, Angor said to return to the forest to find him and that he’d guide me as my powers grew.”  Cerena was beaming with pride at this announcement.
“Gerol, Angor also said something about Davis.  He said he feels Davis may have been brought here for a specific reason.  We told him about how quickly he learned to fight and Angor seemed very impressed,” Aleesha said.  “Then, in his first time shooting a bow, Davis did very well.”
“Oh!  How well?” Gerol inquired.
“He was hitting the targets regularly with practice arrows at twenty yards and even at forty yards he hit the target,” Aleesha said, still sounding a impressed.
“That is truly amazing, Davis,” Gerol complimented.
“But,” I said, “he can’t get me home, though he said he would continue to search to find a way.”
Gerol put an arm on my shoulder.  “I’m sorry, Davis.  I was really hoping he might be able to help you,” he said sympathetically.
I just smiled and nodded a thanks.  I wrapped my hands around the tea Colin had brought over and began to drink.
“Gerol, come on up to your lab, I have something to show you,” Cerena said, holding her backpack in her hand stretched out towards Gerol.  Cerena told Gerol all about the tower as they walked up the stairs to the lab.
“I’m sorry, too, Davis,” Colin added.  He placed some fresh baked bread in front of me.  I tore into a piece and washed it down with some tea.
“I’m going to head up to bed,” I said, feeling sorry for myself.  I finished off my tea, grabbed my pack and my bow and arrows and headed up to bed.  
Being reminded that Angor couldn’t help me directly reopened that wound a bit.  I thought the best thing I could do would be to try to forget about it and, hopefully, fall asleep after laying in bed for a while.  I laid back, resting my head on my pillow, and stared out the window for at least an hour before I finally fell asleep.
***
I was awoken by some rough shaking.  The sun was just starting to come up enough for me to see Aleesha with a very concerned look on her face.
“What is it?” I asked.
“Grab your things and come downstairs.  We’re heading to Harn immediately,” she answered, then turned and ran downstairs.
I got dressed quickly, threw on my cloak and gathered my bow, quiver and sword, and headed downstairs.  Colin was hurrying from the kitchen into the tower with two water skins and my hydration pack.  He saw me and handed me my pack without a word, then ran outside the door.  Gerol came through next with some bundles of food in his hands.
“Here, Davis,” he said handing me some wrapped up bread as well as some fruit and nuts.  “Cerena’s bird friend woke her up this morning and said that Harn was under attack and they needed help.”
I ran out the door as I stuffed the food into my pack after tearing off a large chunk of the tava bread.  Aleesha and Cerena each grabbed some food from Gerol and put it into their packs.  I attached my quiver of arrows to mine and was ready to go.
“How bad is it?  Did Taura say?” I asked.
“He said that many teroks and humans attacked the village during the night.  He heard from other birds that some buildings were burning and the the people of Harn needed help,” Cerena replied.
“If we leave now and travel fast, we may be able to get there in the morning,” Aleesha began.  “We’ll sleep for a bit tonight, but not for too long.  I know we will not make it to help against this attack, but we may be able to help any survivors.  Or we may be able to counter attack any enemies that might stay behind.  Do you have everything?”
“Yes,” Cerena and I answered together.
“Safe journey,” Gerol said as we began a slow run back into the Forest of Angor.
The sun was just starting to rise, creating a slightly pinkish hue over the landscape.  Despite what was happening to Harn, it was impossible to ignore the beauty of the land around us.  The leaves on the trees, and the trees themselves, sparkled in the light.  Once we hit the main trail into the Forest of Angor, we lost all sign of the sun, except for what light filtered through the canopy above.
“We’ll take the main trail for a while, but eventually turn off and head straight through the forest to Harn,” Aleesha said.  “It’ll be the quickest way there, and we shouldn’t see too many of Silva’s minions.”
The light in the forest got brighter as time and distance passed underneath our feet.  We didn’t stop to eat or drink; we just consumed what we could on the fly.
We all paused as a flash of red came down from the branches above.  It was Taura, Cerena’s flamebird friend.  They spoke in their magical way for a few moments before Taura flew off towards Harn.
“Taura said that the buildings have been burned to the ground.  He hasn’t heard of or seen any survivors,” she said as her eyes glistened with tears.  “He also said that there is a group of eight up ahead- seven teroks and a witch.”
I felt horrible.
“I’m so sorry, Aleesha and Cerena, I know you have friends who live there,” I said.
Cerena smiled a thanks.
“Let’s move on,” Aleesha said.  “We need to continue on.  Davis, have your bow ready with an arrow knocked.  We’re going to hit this small group fully prepared.”
Aleesha led us forward slowly.  We walked slightly crouched down.  After a few minutes, Aleesha crouched down completely, holding her arm up for us to stop.  She turned to me and motioned me forward.  She motioned for me to have my bow aiming ahead, ready to fire.  A moment later, the group of eight came into view.  We pulled our arrows back and aimed at the unsuspecting teroks, who were walking towards our right.  I could hear Cerena moving around behind us, whispering a spell.
“Fire,” Aleesha whispered.
I breathed out and let my arrow fly.  I hit!  I nailed a terok square in the chest!  Aleesha’s pierced through the neck of another.  During the time I admired my shot, Aleesha had let another fly, hitting a second terok in the stomach, dropping it to the ground.
Cerena finished casting her spell as our first volley landed.  Green lightning surrounded the witch, causing her to fall to the ground, twitching and writhing as the lightning did it’s deadly work.  As the witch lay on the ground smoldering, the lightning jumped to two teroks that were close by.  The lightning enveloped them as well, dropping their burning bodies to the forest floor.  Within seconds, we had taken out five teroks and a witch.  Aleesha dropped her bow, drew her sword and charged ahead.  I took another arrow out of my quiver and got ready to fire again as soon as I had a shot.
Aleesha quickly engaged the first terok.  She knocked his sword aside and thrust her sword forward into the belly of the terok and out is back.  The other held back a moment, unsure as to attack or run away.  It’s hesitation was enough for me to aim, let out a breath and fire.  My arrow flew, straight and true, into the stomach of the terok.
Aleesha headed over to the body of the witch and began searching her body.  I retrieved our arrows.  I had a feeling we were going to need as many as we could salvage.  I was, thankfully, able to retrieve all four, undamaged.  I wiped them off on the robes of the witch and handed Aleesha her two.
“Nice shooting, Davis,” Cerena complimented.
“She’s right.  Hitting a living target is a lot different than a stationary cloth target,” Aleesha added.  “There’s nothing here, let’s get going.”  Aleesha cleaned off her sword and sheathed it as she walked off in the direction of Harn.
“Your lightning was a lot stronger this time, Cerena.  Was that a trick you learned from Angor?” I asked.
“No, actually, it was in one of the books he lent me,” Cerena replied.  “That’s what was in my backpack that he gave me,” she added.
“That’s awesome,” I exclaimed.  “It’ll definitely come in handy.”
“I have a few more tricks I’m working on, too,” she added with a wry smile.
“Anything to make coffee?” I asked.
“No, sorry, I still can’t help with that.  But I can make a fire to heat up water for tea,” Cerena answered.
“Will you two quiet down and hurry up?” Aleesha ordered.
“Yes, ma’am!” I replied as Cerena and I ran slowly to catch up with Aleesha.
***
We seemed to cover a lot of ground by nightfall.  We slowed our pace for a bit while we pulled some food out of our bags and shared what we grabbed with each other.  We reached a small stream shortly after we finished eating and refilled our water supply.  We continued on in the darkness for a couple more hours before Aleesha called a halt.
We slept for only a few hours before she woke us back up.  I was feeling groggy when I woke.  Waking up when it’s still dark was tough!  Aleesha seemed surprisingly full of energy.  And, to be honest, I don’t think she slept at all.  I had a feeling she kept watch the whole time we slept.
Cerena seemed to still be sleeping as we continued our walk towards Harn.  She was stumbling over her own two feet for a while and it didn’t look like her eyes were open.  I have no idea how she didn’t fall over.
***
We picked up the pace when we could smell smoke.  Aleesha just about broke into a sprint, her bow ready to fire, when we could see the early morning sunlight dancing off the smoke.  What I saw when I broke into the clearing was utter devastation.  Buildings were burned almost completely to the ground, bodies laying on the ground with sword wounds and arrow wounds, and, worst of all, two bodies were hung from a tree to our left.  I almost got sick.  From the looks of the gruesome wounds they had, they were already dead when their bodies were hung from the tree.
Aleesha paused, her hand up in the air.
“There may be a trap.  Keep your eyes open,” she warned.  “Cerena, watch the left, Davis the right.  I’ll watch ahead and behind.”
Aleesha then began a slow walk forward.  I looked over the top of and to the sides of burnt buildings that were still smoldering.  I didn’t see any signs of any life anywhere.  Not a single person.  Walking the entire length of the small village was depressing.  From the looks of things, there was no warning at all.  We reached the end of the village and Aleesha stood up.  She turned around, her bow still in her hand, mine still in my hands and we walked back towards the tree with the bodies hanging from them.
When we got to the tree, Cerena cast a spell that caused the tree to bend towards us.  Aleesha nodded a thanks, then used her knife to cut the bodies down.
“Let’s gather the bodies and lay them together, here,” Aleesha began, “and then we’ll give them a proper send off to the After World.”
After World.  That’s the first I’d heard any mention of any sort of religious belief.
We spent the next hour dragging the remains of Aleesha’s friends and comrades-in-arms to one area.  We carefully placed each body near the others, along with some wood that we found that had not burned, or been completely burned.  When we were done, Cerena cast a spell that set the wood on fire.  Neither said a word out loud, but I’m sure lots of thoughts about these men and women who died hoping to free their world from Silva went through their minds.  Some of them were, I’m sure, people that I had seen briefly during my short stay here.  Aleesha, Cerena, Colin and Gerol had spoken highly of the warriors here and how brave they were.  Their funeral pyre burned bright in the early morning light.
“We need to walk the perimeter to see what direction they took when they attacked and when they left,” Aleesha said, breaking the silence.  “We’ll still stick together, but I don’t think anyone, or anything, is still here, keeping an eye on the village.”
We walked around the southern edge of the village, towards the east then then the northern side.  That was where we saw the tracks.  Aleesha had us halt as she walked through the tracks, looking carefully at what lay on the ground.
“It looks like there were between ten to fifteen teroks, five to ten humans and about four prisoners,” she said.  She turned and looked right at us.  “We need to follow these tracks and rescue them.”
“Definitely.  I didn’t know them, but they didn’t deserve this,” I said.  “We’ll find them and bring them back,” I added, putting my arm on Aleesha’s shoulder.
“Thanks,” Aleesha replied.
She didn’t show much sadness.  Here eyes seemed a bit teary, Cerena’s, too, but I was sure she was waiting until she has time to mourn.  There were still four people to rescue from certain death.  There was no time to mourn when some still needed to be saved.
Aleesha turned and looked around.  Cerena stayed facing towards the village, seeming reluctant to face us.
“Alright, let’s head out,” Aleesha ordered.
***
It was fairly easy to follow the tracks.  Silva’s minions didn’t seem to care too much about hiding them.  Every once in a while, Aleesha would pause and kneel down around the tracks.  I’m not sure what she was looking for, since the tracks were so obvious, but I wasn’t about to question her.
“They seem to be moving at a fast pace,” Aleesha said after standing up from looking at the tracks.  “I also think someone else is following them.  Someone must have survived.”
“Do you think it was…,” Cerena began.
“Yes, I think is was Regent,” she finished.  “I’m almost sure of it.”  A small smile showed on her lips.  “I’d recognize his tracks just about anywhere.  He taught me to track.  I’d have to search for his tracks in the village and follow them into the woods.”
“Well, let’s get going.  We need to catch up with him,” I said.
“I’ll summon a bird to see how far ahead he is,” Cerena added.
“Thanks,” Aleesha added.
Cerena closed her eyes and held out her arms for a moment before a small brown bird with yellow stripes landed on her wrist.  She opened her eyes and talked with the bird for just a moment before it took off.
“What kind of bird was that?” I asked.
“A swift,” she replied.  “They’re very fast.  We should have our answer within a few hours or so.”
“How do you ‘talk’ with him?” Aleesha asked as we began walking again.
“It’s not really talking, as you may have guessed already.  It’s more feelings and images that are shared between us,” Cerena explained.  “It was very odd to feel the first few times I attempted it, but I’ve grown to truly love sharing with animals.”  Cerena was smiling as she explained how she communicated with animals.
“Aleesha, do you have an idea of about how far ahead he is?” I asked.
“I’m not totally certain.  I’d say he, and the teroks, may have about a twelve hour advantage on us,” she answered.
As she stated how far ahead she thinks they are, we picked up our pace.  With the numbers they have, and the prisoners, they may not be able to move as quickly as we can.  Hopefully we’ll be able to catch up within a couple days.  I’m glad that I was able to rest for a day at the tower.  We’ll be pushing the pace and probably not sleeping much until we catch them.  Then, we’ll have to figure out how to rescue them and get away.  Sleep seemed like it’d be a few days away at the earliest.
A few hours later, the swift came back to Cerena and perched on her shoulder.  We paused for a moment while they communed together.  After a brief exchange, the swift took off.
“He said the teroks’ group is about half a days journey ahead of us,” Cerena told us.  “He also said it seemed like someone was following them along the edge of the woods.  It’s probably Regent.”
“That’s what I thought.  Thanks for sending the swift to confirm,” Aleesha said.  “We need to keep moving quickly.”  Aleesha turned and we resumed our fast pace.
***
Later in the afternoon, after several hours of a non-stop fast pace, we stopped along the edge of the road.  Aleesha saw something off to the side, near the tree line.  We went over to investigate and found the body of one of the prisoners.  
“It looks like Regent had already drug him off to the side,” Aleesha said.
The body was just into the woods.  Regent had covered it with some branches and a couple of flowers.  We paused for a moment, to pray, or whatever it is they do, and then we headed back up to the road and continued on.  We walked at a slower pace than we had been for a while.  This gave us a chance to recover a bit, eat some food and drink some water as well.
“Did you know him?” I asked.
“Yes,” Aleesha began.  “He was a good man.  His name was Marcus.  He didn’t have a family that I knew of.  He never really talked about himself, but he was the first to help someone or to volunteer for a mission.”
“Marcus was the epitome of Harn, and other camps like it,” Cerena added.  “They would gladly drop what they were doing to help you.  He will be greatly missed.”
We continued on in silence for a while before Aleesha picked up the pace.  Eventually, we were moving at a slow run.  I had a feeling she wanted to catch up to Regent and rescue the prisoners before anyone else was killed, or died from their injuries.  I couldn’t blame her.  I didn’t want anyone else to perish either.
The terrain didn’t change a whole lot as we travelled north.  We were traveling over basically flat lands, with wooded areas or open fields on either side of the road we were on.  I’d hesitate to call really call it a road.  It’s basically a series of wagon wheel ruts mingled with foot prints.  I imagined this was a lot like the Oregon Trail the early pioneers took west.  I’m not quite sure how Aleesha was able to keep track of which prints were which.  It was easier to see the tracks until they converged with the road we were now on.  Now, it seemed like we were just following the road more than the tracks.
“How can you tell which tracks are which?” I asked.  My curiosity had gotten the best of me.
“I can tell by the numbers of footprints grouped together as well as the freshness of the tracks,” Aleesha replied.  “I’m also watching the side of the road to see if the prints we need to follow leave the road.  I don’t think they will as we’re headed towards the Legion River.  There’s a bridge that connects Selenia and Baynor at the end of this road.”
“Ah,” I answered.  “That makes sense.”
“After they cross the river, they’ll head towards the Legion Mountains. We need to stop them well before then.  The further they get into Baynor, the harder it will be for us to succeed and the more likely we’ll get caught, or killed,” Aleesha added.
The sun slowly set to our left, eventually leaving us in darkness.  We slowed back to a walk, before stopping.
“We need to sleep for a while,” Aleesha said.  “We can find a spot in the woods where we’ll be hidden from the view from the main road.”
Cerena and I followed Aleesha into the woods and found a small clearing about fifteen feet in.  We sat down and had a bit of dinner.
“I’ll take the first watch,” Cerena offered.
“Ok, thanks Cerena.  I’ll take the second and Davis, you’ve got the third.  We’ll keep them short.  I want to catch up to Regent by tomorrow evening and free the prisoners before daylight the next day,” Aleesha explained.
“I think I’ll go search for a stream to refill our water supply,” I said, taking the bladder out of my pack.
“Are you sure?” Cerena asked.
“Yeah, I’m used to heading off the trail from running back home,” I explained.  Aleesha and Cerena both handed me their skins.
I walked back further into the woods slowly, listening carefully for any hint of a stream.  I kept myself going in the same direction as best I could.  This wooded area was a bit harder to negotiate than the Forest of Angor, but if was still fairly easy.  A few minutes in, I heard a stream.  A short time later, I found what I was looking for.  A nice, clear, crisp stream.  I knelt down along it’s side and washed off my hands and face.  The cool water felt good against my skin.  I decided to take advantage and took the rest of my clothes off and washed off the best I could without any soap.  I drip dried for a bit, got dressed, then filled up our skins and the bladder for my pack.  I headed back feeling useful and quite refreshed.  I was able to find my way back easily.
“Hey girls, it wasn’t really too far off,” I said upon my return.  I handed them their skins.
“You look like you had a bit of a bath, too,” Cerena said.
“Yeah, you really don’t smell so bad anymore,” Aleesha added with a smile.
“I couldn’t help it.  I washed off my hands and face and felt so much better,” I replied.
“It sounds like a marvelous idea,” Cerena agreed.  “Where is it?”
“It’s pretty much straight back for a bit,” I replied.
“I’ll tag along, to help keep watch, then take my turn,” Aleesha said as they both headed into the woods.
After they left, I laid back, using my cloak as a pillow.  As far as I could tell, that’s the main reason for having a cloak- to use as a pillow when traveling.  I watched the stars to see if I could find any constellations that might be familiar, but nothing looked remotely like any constellation from my world.  It was amazing how clear the night sky was without any pollution or any lights anywhere that caused interference with the view.  Despite looking completely different from home, nothing in the sky stood out as weird.  It looked like there was an arm of a spiral galaxy, like the Milky Way, across the sky.  Between all the stars and the half moon in the sky, it was a well lit night.
Cerena and Aleesha came back after about a half hour.
“You’re right, Davis, that felt great!” Cerena cheered.
“It really did,” Aleesha added.  “It perked me up a bit.  I’m not sure I’ll be able to fall asleep right away.”
“I felt that way, too,” I agreed, “until I started staring at the stars.  They’re gorgeous!” I added.
Cerena and Aleesha folded their cloaks and placed them on the ground and laid down staring up at the stars, too.
“It’s so peaceful.  It’s amazing how clear your sky is.  Back home there are so many bright cities, and so many towns and houses with lights on at night that it makes it hard to see the night sky clearly.  In some cities it can be so bright that you can barely see any stars at all,” I explained.
“That’s so sad.  How do people sleep with so much light?” Cerena asked.
“They keep their windows covered.  People seem to be so afraid of the dark and what’s in it, or what they think is in it, they keep on as many lights as possible.  Unfortunately, lights are needed in many places because the world I live in has some very violent places,” I said.
“Why’s that?  You never mentioned your world being at war before,” Aleesha said.
“Well, we’re not at war,” I explained, “But there are many people who hurt others on purpose and steal from each other.  It’s pretty messed up.  I actually like it here, more, because you’re all so focused on one enemy and you help each other so readily.  Don’t get me wrong, there are a lot more good people than bad, but there are a lot that are indifferent.  And sometimes being indifferent  towards others is as bad as being violent.”
“We have people like that here, too.  There are entire countries that will not do anything to help defeat Silva despite the fact that her plans are to conquer all of our lands,” Aleesha said in anger.  “Their indifference will cause a lot more to suffer and die than if they joined us.”
“Our larger towns have people who do some bad things, too, Davis,” Cerena added.  “It’s not just your world.  Sometimes people feel like there’s nothing else they can do to get what they want.  They’re just evil.  We need to make sure we do the best we can, surround ourselves with good people, and be kind to others.”
“Cerena the philosopher,” Aleesha laughed.  We chuckled along with her.
Cerena was right, though.  We just need to see the kindness in others and repay their kindness to them and to others.  The stars seemed to be winking in and out in agreement.  Either that or I was falling asleep.
***
I was woken later in the night, or maybe early in the morning- it was hard to tell.  It seemed like it was only a few minutes, but the stars were in a much different position as when I fell asleep watching them.
“You’re on, Davis,” Aleesha said with a yawn.  “Only a couple hours, though.  It’s been quiet tonight, but stay alert and don’t wander out of the woods into the open.”
“Will do, ma’am,” I saluted with a smile.  “Have a good night.”
I propped myself up against a tree where I could still see the stars.  I kept my ears open, and searched the woods around us, either by looking from where I was at or while walking around our camp, but my eyes kept returning to the stars.  I was going to soak up as much of this clear sky as I could.  When I get home, I’m going to have to move to the middle of nowhere so that I can have this amazing view every night possible.  I’ll figure out some job I can do so I’ll be able to make that happen.  If I could write, this adventure would make some story.
The time went by quickly and peacefully.  This will probably be the last peaceful night we’ll have for a while and I enjoyed every moment of it.
I woke up Cerena and Aleesha and we were off at a fast walk into the darkness of the early morning while we ate some breakfast from our packs.
The morning’s light slowly made it’s way across the road ahead of us.  The golden light shimmered across the long grasses on either side of the road.  There was a slight breeze causing the grasses to sway back and forth, creating waves of gold.  It was nice having natural distractions like these to take my mind off the tiredness and my slightly achy legs.
“We should reach the bridge in a couple hours,” Aleesha told us.  “After that, we will be able to catch Regent by dinner.”
“Good,” Cerena said.  “I want to get the other three quickly before something happens to them.”
“Any thoughts as to who the others might be?” I asked.
“No, you, Aleesha?” Cerena asked.
“No, not really,” Aleesha replied solemnly.  “But whoever they are, we will rescue them tomorrow morning.”
The early parts of the morning passed quickly as we made our way towards the bridge.  As we approached the river, I was quite surprised by the bridge.  I was expecting something primitive looking, but it turned out to be something more than that.  The river, at this point, was about twenty yards across, and about ten yards below us.  The bridge spanned the entire distance without any means of support reaching the ground below.  The bottom of the bridge was made out of stones, as were the sides.  Each side was about two feet high and the whole bridge was about ten feet wide.  The stone looked to be slightly worn, with deeper tracks down the middle from years of wagons crossing over it.
“Is it held by magic?” I asked in awe.
“Yes, it is,” Cerena replied.  “No one is sure who created it or cast the spells that hold it, but it has been standing for hundreds of years,” she explained.
Our steps echoed slightly with each step.  The bridge was one of the sturdiest I’d ever been on.  I didn’t feel a single sway even though there was a steady breeze blowing across it.
When we stepped onto the land on the other side, Aleesha said, “Welcome to Baynor, Davis.”
“Thanks,” I laughed.
Off in the distance, I could see an impressive range of mountains that rivaled anything I’d ever run on, or even seen.  Some of the peaks were covered with snow and ice, while many more were buried deep into the clouds.
“Those are the Legion Mountains,” Aleesha said.  She must have seen me staring at them.
***
We spent the next few hours moving quickly.  Not quite a run, but not quite a walk, either.  I spent more time staring at the mountains ahead of us than I did at the ground or the surrounding lands.  I wasn’t being much of a watch dog, I guess.  The Legion Mountains were more impressive than any other mountains than I’d ever seen in the U.S.  I’ve never been to Europe to see the Pyrenees or the Alps, but from what I’d seen of the Tour de France, I imagined they were much like these, if even that.  I found myself daydreaming often of running through the slopes of the Legions.  Maybe, someday, long after I’m gone from here, there will be enough peace in this area for someone to take advantage of trails through them.
Aleesha’s arm in the air brought me out of my daydream and quickly to a crouching halt.  She had her bow out with an arrow ready as she scanned the deep grasses and hills to our right.  I unslung my bow and got an arrow ready as well.
As quickly as we halted, Aleesha was up with a smile on her face.  Then I saw why: it was Regent!  Aleesha ran over to greet him as did Cerena.
“I’m so glad you’re ok,” Aleesha said with a quick embrace.
“And I, you,” Regent returned.  “I’m happy to see that you are all ok.”
Cerena gave him a quick embrace as well.
“Regent, It’s nice to see you again,” I said with a handshake.
“I was hoping to not see you, though,” he replied.  “I was hoping you’d found a way home.  I’m sorry you’re still here, but glad you’re alive.”
The Rescue and the Chase
“What happened at Harn?” Aleesha asked with a look of concern as we continued on.
“They came at us in the middle of the night,” Regent began.  “They killed our guards in the woods, so we had no advanced warning.  After that, they charged into town.  The fights with the sentries woke us from our slumber.  We ran out in our night clothes, swords drawn, not completely sure of what was going on.”
He paused for a moment as if considering what to say next.  “We didn’t have enough time to organize any counter attack.  There were just too many of them and they came in too quickly and were very well organized.  We didn’t have a chance.  They killed twelve and captured four.  I was lucky to escape.  They took them prisoner and I managed to escape into the woods when all seemed lost.  I was hoping to be able to rescue them but the sheer numbers against just me were too much.  But now we can.
“There are fifteen teroks and eight humans holding three others prisoner.  They’re only about an hour ahead of us.”  Regent stopped.  “We need to come up with a plan.  We can move much faster than them and will be able to reach a good vantage point to launch our attack by nightfall and hit them while they rest.  Aleesha?”
“If we find a high enough spot, we can have Cerena launch a lightening attack from one side while Davis fires arrows from the other.  Then, amidst the confusion, Regent and I can sneak in, rescue the prisoners and then run back out away from the attack.  Then, we’ll turn back south to this location, but behind the tree line over there,” Aleesha explained, pointing to the trees about 200 yards west of us.
“Wow,” I muttered, “you really have a great mind for this.”
“Thanks,” she replied.  “It comes with the territory.”
“Alright, we’ve got our plan, let’s move out,” Regent ordered.
Regent began walking quickly back north, towards our prey, the rest of us falling in line behind him.
***
A couple hours later, we turned left, off the road, and up into the hills, hidden from view from those on the road.  I could vaguely hear the teroks and the humans yelling at the prisoners once in a while, so I knew we were close to them even if the hills offered some protection.  We were moving slower while we moved parallel to them which enabled us to recover a bit from the hard road we’ve had to this point.  Aleesha and Regent took turns scouting near the top of the hill to see what was going on and to get a better look at what we were up against.
We heard some yells for ‘Halt’ as it began to get darker.  Regent quickly moved us further away from the enemy group.
“We need to get over the next hill and find some place to hide,” Regent explained, “so they do not know we are here until it’s too late.”
We ran up one hill and started down the other side.  There were some taller grasses and some trees spread sporadically across the area.  We all found some places to hide behind them.  I could hear some footsteps from far away, but nothing got too close.  I had a feeling the terok, or a human, that scouted the area didn’t think they were being followed or they would have looked longer or come further down the hill, closer to us.
After only a couple minutes, Aleesha came over.  “They’re gone for now, but they’ll eventually post a guard at the top or have someone walk up to the top frequently,” she said.  “Either way, we’ll need to take them out before we begin our attack.  Cerena and Regent already moved further up the road to cross to the other side.  We begin our attack shortly after they begin to fall asleep.”
“Ok,” I replied.  I wasn’t sure what to say.  The other times I’ve had to kill teroks it’s been in self-defense.  I’d never had to begin the attack, nor have I had to kill another human.  I unslung my bow and began checking it over.  I wasn’t sure what I was looking for, but it took my mind off what I was going to be doing.
Aleesha put her hand on my shoulder.  “I’ve never had a problem killing the teroks.  Not in combat, not in self-defense, not even sneaking up on them and killing them in cold blood.  But it’s different with humans.  It’s gotten easier, a lot easier, but part of me still thinks if I had the chance, I could get them to realize their mistake.  But you can’t dwell on it, or let it slow you down, because they will kill you without hesitation.”
“I will,” I said, looking up at Aleesha.  I managed a slight smile.  “Thanks.”
“No problem,” she replied.  “You should eat if you can and drink some water while we wait.  We may not have a chance to stop and eat, or gather more food if we run out, for a while.  Plus, we’ll hopefully have three more mouths to feed.”
I took out a chunk of tava bread and slowly tore off and ate it, bit by bit.  Some food in my stomach did wonders, even if it was just some more tava bread.  After I finished the bread, I closed my eyes.  I wasn’t hoping to get any sleep, but to just relax and calm my frazzled nerves.  I did my best to clear my mind.  Doing this had always helped to reenergize me in the past when I knew I didn’t have time to catch an hour or so of sleep, especially during the hundred mile runs I’ve done in the past, and hope to do again someday when I get back home.
“It’s time,” Aleesha whispered.  “The guard just left the top of the hill.  He won’t be back for a while.  Draw your bow and take out as many as you can from the top of the hill.  Stay there, don’t charge down.  We’ll need you to provide cover fire as we’re leaving.  Watch for any others with bows and take them out.”
“Ok,” I replied flatly.  I stood up, reslung my hydration pack and quiver and followed Aleesha up the hill.
As we approached the top, she held up her hand.  I immediately crouched down and drew an arrow, ready to rise and fire.  Aleesha crawled up to the top, then slowly rose, motioning me forward.  We scurried quickly down the other side and up the next hill.  We waited at the top with our heads peering down at the scene below.  Several bodies were laying on the ground, sleeping.  There were three bodies that were propped up in a sitting position with their backs to each other.  I guessed they were the prisoners since they were linked together by a rather heavy looking chain.  There were three teroks and one human that were patrolling around the area.
Aleesha pointed to a guard patrolling at the bottom of the hill we were perched at and a guard standing at the front of the group, then pointed to my bow.  They were my first two targets.  She held up her hand in the stopping motion she used when we needed to crouch down when we were walking.  I pulled back the string on my bow and aimed towards the guard at the bottom of our hill.  Aleesha took an arrow out of my quiver and stuck it gently into the ground, point first.
“It’ll be quicker to draw and fire,” she said in barely a whisper.
I glanced over at the other side.  Cerena was standing fully upright, her arms held straight out to the left and right.  It must’ve been the motion that caught my eye.  I worried that it may have caught the other guards eyes as well.  I refocused on my target.
Aleesha dropped her hand.
I let loose the first arrow.  It flew through the air in slow motion, straight towards the guard closest to us.  He never knew it was coming.  I felt myself grabbing the next arrow as the first struck home, right into the chest of the first guard.  He dropped with grunt.
I pulled back the string a second time, aimed quickly and fired.  The arrow moved at a normal speed this time, but I was slightly off my mark.  I hit the guard in the leg.  As he fell screaming an alert, lightning pierced they sky, blinding me.  I closed my eyes and shielded them with my arm.
When the only light I could see seemed to be just flashing lights, I opened my eyes.  I could make out some things here and there among all the flashes my eyes still saw.  Cerena’s lightning did a lot of damage- a few teroks and humans were down and not moving.  Still others were running around having no idea what woke them from their slumber.
“Keep firing!” Aleesha yelled as she ran down the hill with her sword drawn.  Regent was running down the other side and Cerena was casting another spell.
I found my next target.  I pulled an arrow from my quiver, and readied myself to fire.  I followed my target- a slow moving human who’s clothes were smoldering.  I concentrated on nothing but that person, released my breath and fired.  The arrow screamed through the air and pierced his thigh.  He fell to the ground, screaming in agony.  His hand holding the area around his wound.  With his other hand, he grasped the arrow at it’s base.  With a grunt of pain, he yanked it out.  He immediately began scanning the hill I was on as he staggered to his feet and limped towards the prisoners.
Then he saw me.
I ducked, but it was too late.
“The hill!  There’s an archer on the hill!” he yelled.
I saw two teroks respond immediately.  They started to sprint towards the hill. I stood, drew back the string and fired a shot at the closest one.  The arrow flew through the air and nailed him, straight in the chest.  The power of the arrow knocked him right onto his back, with the arrow vibrating in his chest.  He didn’t move after that.
“Davis! On your left!” I heard Regent yell.
A terok was at the top of the hill about twenty feet away charging at me.  I drew another arrow, knocked it and fired.  Hit!  The arrow sunk up to the feathers in his stomach.  He dropped like a rock.  I looked down at the chaos below us and searched for other targets and for my friends.  I saw Regent running north up the road with two others I didn’t recognize, but from the look of them and their limping, I could tell they were prisoners.  He had a few teroks running behind him.  I fired another arrow in their direction.  I missed, but they dove for cover.  Slowing them down was almost as good as a hit.  It gave Regent and the prisoners a couple extra steps.  I looked to the opposite hill top, but Cerena was gone.  I couldn’t see Aleesha either.
“Davis!  Go!” I heard Aleesha yell.  I turned to the direction of her voice and saw her locked in combat with a human and a terok.  The third prisoner was just ahead of her running towards the tree line.  It was Gregor!  I sprinted towards him and the trees.
“This way,” I said as I reached him.  “After we head into the woods, we need to head south to the meeting point.”
“Ok,” Gregor replied.  “Thanks.”
Just before we entered the trees, I looked back to see where Aleesha was.  She had dispatched the human and terok she was fighting and had started towards the trees as well.  Once we entered the woods, we had to slow a bit to maneuver around the shrubs and branches that were reaching out to grab our clothing.
“Turn south,” I ordered Gregor once we were a few feet into the forest.  He immediately turned south.
“Can you keep up this pace?” I asked Gregor.  I knew he had been through a lot.  His clothes were torn and bloodied in multiple places.  He was also limping badly.
“Yeah,” he replied bluntly.
“We’ve got about forty minutes to go at this pace to reach the meeting place.  I can take a look at your injuries once we get there.  After we meet up with the others, we’ll continue south until we reach the Forest of Angor,” I explained.
“Sounds like a good plan,” Gregor replied.
***
Aleesha caught up with us a short time after Gregor and I turned south.  The woods were fairly easy to maneuver through, even in the darkness of night and some grabbing branches, so we were able to move quickly.  But, that also meant the teroks and humans behind us were going to be able to move just as quick.
“It shouldn’t be too much further,” Aleesha said.
Gregor’s limp was getting worse and causing us to slow down more and more as we went.
“Aleesha,” I began, “we have to stop.  I have to take a look at Gregor’s leg.”
“Ok,” she said.  “Just make it quick.  I wish I had a healing potion.”
Aleesha drew her sword and ran back a bit to keep watch.
“Let me have a look at your leg, Gregor,” I said.
I pulled up his pant leg to reveal a large gash on his calf.  It was nasty looking and bleeding freely.  I tore a piece of his pants leg off from where it was already ripped and held it over the wound.  I drew my sword and used it to cut some more off and tied it around the piece over the wound.
“Sorry,” I said as I tightened it.  I cut another strip off and tied that one around as well to help hold the bandage in place and to help stop the bleeding.
“Cerena should be able to do something more when we meet up with them,” I told Gregor.  “Aleesha, let’s get moving,” I said.
Gregor and I continued south with Aleesha hanging behind a bit.  I thought I saw a flash of movement to our left.  I stopped, held my hand up and pointed to the left.  I drew my sword as quietly as I could and gave it to Gregor.  I unslung my bow and knocked an arrow.  Aleesha moved slowly and cautiously left, her sword drawn.
“Cerena!  Regent!” I heard Aleesha whisper sharply.
“Come on, let’s get going,” Regent ordered.  “They’re pretty close behind us.”
“Davis, this is Mikael and Ashe, from Harn,” Aleesha said.
They both nodded and kept moving.  They looked as beat up as Gregor did.  I can only imagine what they were put through after their capture.  I’m sure they want nothing more than a chance to avenge their fallen comrades.  Gregor was moving a bit better since I bandaged up his leg, but not a whole lot better.  Hopefully it’ll help slow, or maybe even stop, the bleeding and help his cut heal a bit quicker, too.
“Hey Cerena, do you think you can do anything to help Gregor’s leg?  He has a pretty big gash,” I told her.
“Yes, I can, I have a healing potion,” she said as she stopped and began to search through her bag.  “Here it is!” Cerena yelled.  She quickly opened it and passed it over to Gregor.  Gregor smiled and chugged it down.
“Thanks, Cerena,” Gregor said.
“You should start feeling better soon.  I’m not sure how quickly it’ll help your leg with the stress of moving constantly on it,” Cerena explained, “but it’ll be better than nothing.  I can try a healing spell the next chance we get.”
We reached a point where the forest started to disappear in the direction we needed to move.  We had no choice but to continue on our way south, to the bridge, and in the open.
“Ashe, Aleesha, come with me,” Regent ordered.  “Cerena, cover your tracks after you move further down the road and we catch up with you.  We’re going to head west with the forest for a bit to lead them in the wrong direction.”
Cerena, Gregor, Mikael and I moved quickly down the road, now out in the wide open.  Even at night, it wouldn’t be too hard to see our silhouettes.  The other three continued through the forest.  We crouched down low to avoid any scouts that may be close by.  I had my bow ready with an arrow in case we should be spotted.  After about twenty minutes, Ashe, Regent, and Aleesha came running back to meet us.
Without being prompted, Cerena began to cast a spell.  She waved her staff in a swirling motion while chanting.  As she chanted, a small tornado like swirl formed in front of her.  She continued to chant and motion with her staff.  As she did, the mini tornado moved along the pathway the Regent and the other two took to get back to us.  It moved quickly and seemed to do it’s job within a minute.
“Excellent,” Regent complimented with a smile.  “Thanks.”
“No problem,” Cerena said.  She was beginning to look a bit weak after casting that spell.  I’m sure she used a few others while helping rescue Ashe and Mikael.  “Let me take care of Gregor’s wound while we’re stopped.  That potion won’t help it a whole lot without rest.”  Gregor came over and sat down when Cerena motioned him to do so.  She took the bandages off, wrapped her hands around the cut in his calf and chanted for a few moments.  A green light emanated from her hands, casting a green, eerie glow on all of us.  Gregor gasped, but then a smile came across his face.  Cerena removed her hands.  The cut was all but gone!  All that was left was a very fresh looking scar.
“Cerena, that was amazing,” Gregor said as he flexed his foot and ran his fingers along the scar.
“That was very impressive, Cerena,” Regent agreed.  “Now let’s get moving before our detour in the woods goes to waste.”
We set off at a slow run.  Gregor’s limp was gone and he was moving fairly easily.  Not really knowing what was left behind us, it was nice knowing we could run, no matter how slow of a run it was.  With the group tracking us hopefully delayed by the detour, we should be able to gain at least a few minutes on them.  After they find the end of the tracks in the woods, it would take a while before they found our tracks again.  They’d probably have to split up and search for them.  Maybe it’d give us more than just a few minutes.
Aleesha reached in her pack and took out some tava bread.  She started to pass it to the three we rescued, but ran out.  I took off my pack, got out some food and passed it around to the others.  Cerena was sharing her water to wash down what food we had.  Ashe, Mikael, Gregor and Regent all seemed very thankful for the little we had.  Nobody talked much as we moved.  They seemed more interested in saving their breath for the escape rather than idle chit chat.
Aleesha whispered something to Regent.  I couldn’t quite hear what she said, but he nodded.  Aleesha then stopped and ran off to the side of the road about thirty yards or so before beginning to slink along parallel to the road heading north.
“What’s she doing?” I asked.
“She’s heading back to see who’s coming, how many and how far away they are,” Regent explained.  “She’s very good at scouting and uncannily good at remaining unseen when she doesn’t want to be seen.”
We kept moving with out pausing, even when Aleesha left to backtrack.  No one said bye, no one said good luck.  I guessed it was just expected that she would backtrack and make it back to us.  I imagined that kind of thing went on with our military, too.  You just did what needed to be done no matter what the personal cost.
“How many were left?” I asked.
“Eight, some injured, some not.  But I overheard them send a human back to get some help from an even larger force they were heading towards,” Regent said.  “We didn’t stick around long enough to find out how many or how far away they were.”
“Why don’t we just hide in the hills and pick them off?” I asked.
“Well, we don’t have enough weapons for everyone and Cerena’s a bit weak from all the spell casting she’s done,” Regent explained.  “Plus, we’re not all in good enough condition- Ashe, Mikael and Gregor have had a rough couple days.”
I nodded my head.  “Makes sense.”
A couple hours later, Aleesha came running back.
“I followed them for a bit.  They stopped for now,” she said.  “We’ve got a nice head start on seven that are left.  I don’t think they’re too interested in catching us, yet.  They weren’t moving too fast.”
Regent told us to stop.
“Do you think we have a few hours to rest?” Regent asked.
“Yes, I definitely do,” Aleesha said.  “It’ll start getting lighter then.  We should move off the road and have Cerena cover our tracks leading to our resting spot and back along the road as well.”
“I’ll get the watch set up.  No fires.  Be ready to move fast,” Regent ordered.  He gave us the watch schedule, with Aleesha, myself and Regent each taking an hour.  I laid down and fell asleep right away.
***
I woke up to a rough shake.
“Let’s move.” 
It was Aleesha.  She was already up and ready to go.  The sun was barely over the horizon.  She and Regent were going from person to person waking them up and helping them get ready.
I rolled up my cloak and stuffed it back into my pack.  I pulled some food out and offered it to the others as we continued our journey south.
“Did they start moving already?” I asked Aleesha.
“No, but Cerena sent a flamebird to check.”  Aleesha turned towards me.  “There’s a group of about fifty that is close to the group chasing us.”
Woah.  Fifty.  I felt my heart speed up.  Fifty.  That explained the need to leave right away.  There’s no way we could fight fifty of them.  I don’t know if that many could catch us as once, but I didn’t want to find out.
We walked for a while as we ate.  We then began to move at a slow run.  Gregor looked much better than yesterday.  The potion, plus Cerena’s spell, helped a lot.  Ashe and Mikael looked better than yesterday.  I guessed a few hours sleep plus not being held captive can do wonders.
I looked over my shoulder once in a while for a sign that they might be gaining on us, but I never saw a thing.  No scouts catching up.  No dust cloud.  Nothing.  It was a nice feeling knowing we still had some distance between the teroks and us.
A few hours later, the bridge was in sight.  Soon we’d be back in Selenia.  Once step closer to the Forest of Angor.  One step closer to safety.
Cerena had talked with her bird friends shortly after we crossed the bridge.  It seemed that our pursuit had lost interest in us.  We were safe from them, but still had a ways to go until we got back to the safety of the forest.  The mood lightened with the news and we all talked more.  We still kept watch and didn’t slow down much, but we were more relaxed.
“Do you think you’ll rebuild Harn?” I asked Regent.
He thought for a moment, then said, “Yes, but with some changes.  I think we’ll need to build outposts up in the trees.  We’ll need some sort of high stone wall with a walkway near the top for keeping watch.”
“We’ll have to get started right away,” Aleesha added.
“Aye, we definitely will,” Ashe piped in.  “We need to make it a more permanent structure.  A base from which we can plan and launch attacks.”
“Agreed,” said Gregor with Mikael nodding his head.
“Gregor mentioned overhearing about a staff Malfius has been looking for,” Regent said.
“Yeah, I overheard one of them talkin’ about the Staff of the Dragon,” Gregor said.
“What’s that?” I asked Cerena who looked over at the mention of the staff.
“Well, it’s supposed to control a dragon that was stuck in a portal, much like the one that brought you here,” Cerena said.  “With it, your possessor would be able to use the dragon for just about anything they’d want, just like Ungeth was.”
“Do you think the staff could open other portals or just the one with the dragon?” I asked.
“I’m not sure,” she said.  “But, if we got it, we could bring it to Angor and Gerol to see what they could discover.  Anything’s possible,” Cerena added with a smile.
“That would be awesome,” I said.
The rest of our journey to the Forest of Angor was uneventful.
When we got there, Cerena said she would head off to see Angor.  She planned on asking him about moving some of the trees from around where Harn was to give Regent and the others more room to build.  She also thought he might be willing to use his magic to shape the trees for the outposts outside of the small town or maybe even teach her how to do it.  She also wanted to ask for any information that could help us locate the Staff of the Dragon.
We arrived at the former location of Harn with a slight surprise.  There were already several people there clearing away the old buildings.  News of the slaughter must have spread quickly.  Regent, Aleesha and the others were greeting and hugging the others with smiles of relief that not everyone perished in the attack.  I was introduced to the people there.  Some were quite interested in my story and how I arrived.  I told the story a couple times to different groups of listeners.  We also told of the rescue of Gregor, Ashe and Mikael as well.
After sharing some stories, Regent gathered everyone together.  He told them of his plans for a new Harn.  There were lots of nods of agreement.  His plans were very well received.  The people got to work quickly with a renewed sense of hope.  Their plan would help this area defend themselves against the forces of Silva.  From here, they could establish a small command post.  From here, they would be able to launch small attacks.  From here, they would begin to take their lands back.
Aleesha and I said good-bye and left for the Tower of the Gray.  We arrived there the next day.  Gerol and Colin were very happy to see us.  Colin was ecstatic when we told him his sister was okay.  While Colin cooked a big meal for us, we retold the stories of what happened to Harn, and about following the attackers and rescuing the prisoners.  Gerol beamed with the pride of a father when we told him of what Cerena had done during the adventures.  Both loved the idea of a more fortified Harn.  Colin even mentioned the possibility of moving out there when he was done to keep a Wizard on location to help.
We ate and talked late into the night.  After helping clean the dishes, I returned to my bed in the tower and fell right to sleep.  I dreamed of the Staff of the Dragon returning me home.  I dreamed of helping Regent, Cerena and Aleesha kill Malfius.  I dreamed of running through the hills at home and the mountains here.  I dreamed of my family.
Epilogue
It’s been three days since we’ve been back at the Tower of the Gray.  Cerena left to find Angor to ask him if Regent and Aleesha could build a small walled in town within the Forest of Angor.  She thought Angor might be able to use the magic of the forest to help hide the encampment.  She returned yesterday to say Angor said he would help create some magical shifts to keep it concealed.    That way if any of the enemy began to get near the walls of the town, the forest would shift the trails around so they would not get close enough to find it.  Also, the trees would help to conceal any smoke coming from the fires within the town.  Regent and Aleesha are already hard at work with a few others building up the new camp.  Regent said they’re going ahead with the plans he talked about for a defensible town.  He’s hoping for seven or eight stone homes to sleep up to six people in each.  One of them would have a small blacksmith workshop attached to it for building and repairing weapons.  They would also have a larger building for meetings and to also act as an inn.  They’re going to start on the wall and four outposts surrounding the town as well.
I’ve been in Selenia for about a month.  I miss my family greatly, but I’m sure, after this much time, the search has all but stopped.  It makes me sad to think that they probably think I’m dead and my body unrecoverable.  I hope they can move on with their lives.  I, on the other hand, haven’t had much of a choice.  I’ve been thrust into a world in turmoil.  The people trying to help me are also fighting to save their world, the lives of innocent people, and each other.  I feel the need to help them, while they help me find a way home.  It’s the least I can do.  It’s the right thing to do.
There’s still no lead in getting home.  Killing Malfius seems to be the next step.  The Staff of the Dragon may also help me get home.  But, both of them are going to be difficult.  Aleesha is coming back to the tower tomorrow and I plan on returning with her to help build the new outpost.  It’ll help keep my mind busy and it’ll help make me feel useful.
I’ve changed a lot over the past few weeks.  I’ve done many things I never would have imagined could ever happened.  I’ve had to kill living creatures to save my life.  I’ve learned to fight with a sword and to fire a bow, and quite accurately at that.  I have a feeling that I’m going to be killing many more creatures and people before I get home.  I just hope the friends I’ve made in this world will not have to suffer in the name of getting me there.  Their fight is much more important than my return.
For now, I’ll just enjoy the rest I’ve been having at the tower because, tomorrow, I’m returning to the fight.
If you enjoyed reading this book, please check out my other books on my Amazon Author Page.

Also, please check out my web site for any book updates.

Got kids?  You can find updates for my upcoming children’s book series.
