The Scrolls of Sion: Rise of the Dark Queen
By T J Therien

Copyright by T J Therien 2013
Smashwords Edition


ISBN: 9781311909046


Cover Art & Design
Selena Moonshadow




This book is dedicated to all the people who have supported me throughout my writing endeavors. Special recognition goes out to Deborah Jeanne Avila, (TheGirlWithThePen) who encouraged me to publish. I would also like to thank, in no particular order, Sahm King, Selena Moonshadow, Mark Paxon, Ionia Martin, Charles Yallowitz, Kieran Davis (Baldy,) Mathew Alva, Bill Jones and Roxanne Charette.


Chapter One

“And Lolth said:
The seed without garden never bears fruit
It is in woman all things divine are found…”
The Dark Texts


Dwarves preferred great vaulted arched ceilings with large ornately carved columns and grand open spaces underground. The Drow did not like this sort of architecture. Also dwelling beneath the earth in the world of Brynmor were the Drow. The Drow built in a fashion better suited for a crypt or mausoleum with narrow halls, low lying ceilings and squat rooms. The walls were square and smooth and flat and carved from the very rock surrounding them. Throughout the underground complex of Darryn in the Iron Hills there was not a single arch to be found. There were no ornate carvings or pillars. The only areas in the entire sprawling underground complex of Darryn that had received any special attention was the large chamber that served as a temple and a small alcove in the chamber of the Drow High Priestess and Queen, Rianon. 

The bed upon which she lay was carved of stone and polished smooth. She could feel his seed, still warm and taking root in her womb. Rianon propped herself up on her side and hovered over the sleeping Drow with whom she just mated. She grazed his dark flesh with her long black fingernails as his chest rose and fell with the steady breathing of deep sleep. She gazed upon his exquisiteness. Despite his age he had remained youthful and beautiful in appearance. She could see why her predecessor so favoured Prince Maelgad. Her predecessor so favoured him that she had not only appointed Maelgad as her Master of Assassins, but she also made him her Royal Consort. 

Such a shame, such a waste, Rianon thought to herself before she reminded herself that all ties to the old regime must be severed and Prince Maelgad was the last of those ties. It had taken her nearly three hundred years to root out and rid herself of the remnants of the old guard. Once Prince Maelgad was out of the way there would be none left with the power, or influence to oppose her. Once Prince Maelgad was out of the way she could put the rest of her plan into action. 

Rightfully, she should just have Prince Maelgad put to death, but Rianon had a better, more deserving fate for him. She would perform the rite that only she had the power to perform and cast the only spell known to affect a Drow. (Drows had been immune to the effects of most magic ever since Lolth, the first Queen of the Drow made that pact with the ancient Spider God.) Rianon would transform Prince Maelgad into a Drider. Driders were a cursed species, an abomination, half dark elf and half spider. There was only one way to lift the curse and reverse its effects and that was found in the sacred scrolls that still lay hidden in the bowels of Sion, the former stronghold of the Drow before their forced exodus to Darryn five thousand years earlier. Once transformed into a Drider Prince Maelgad would have no choice but to seek out the scrolls and in doing so he would lead them back to the Promised Land. 

Rianon rose from the bed as not to disturb the sleeping Prince. She waved her hand and the room was bathed in a reddish light the came from everywhere and nowhere. She did not need the light to see; Drows have the best eyesight of all the subterranean creatures in all of Brynmor. The soft red glow only served to comfort and soothe her. Rianon crossed the chamber and knelt before the small altar that had been carved in a niche in the wall. Her lips moved, but no audible sound was issued from them. From behind she was a vision of long flowing white hair as she knelt. 

Upon the altar was a container, the lid of the container was embossed with a golden spider. Also upon the altar was a small vial with a bluish liquid that seemed to emit its own light. Rianon retrieved these items and rose to her feet. She returned to the bed and sat upon its edge.

Again Rianon admired the features of Prince Maelgad. His face really was fairer than that of most Drow males. His thin ink stained lips curled in the corners in a sinister smile as he dreamt his malicious little dreams. He had the most delicious dark skin. Even relaxed long sinewy muscle rippled the flesh. Maelgad really was the perfect specimen. 

All would not be lost. His line would live on. Rianon instinctively rubbed her womb and once again she could feel his seed burying deeper inside her. 

She removed the lid of the container and put it on the bed beside her. She daubed a bit of ointment on her thumb which she then applied in the shape of a spider to the forehead of the sleeping Prince. She spoke in tongues long forgotten as she traced the limbs of an arachnid on his flesh with the liniment. When the incantation was complete she kissed him on the lips. Rianon then removed the stopper from the neck of the vial and poured the liquid between Maelgad’s slightly parted lips.

Prince Maelgad choked upon the liquid as it trickled down his throat. His eyes shot open and he sat bolt upright. Gripping his throat he coughed and spat and hissed. It was too late. He could feel it burning all the way down his throat into his stomach. The pain was excruciating. Through the pain he tried to grab Rianon who sat on the edge of the bed, but he fell to the floor as she merely stood and moved backward with the most casual of manners. Maelgad let out an agonizing scream as he attempted to crawl in Rianon’s direction. 

“You treacherous bitch, you poisoned me!” Maelgad managed to gasp.

“Poison, oh no my dear Prince, not poison, something much better than poison,” Rianon said as she stood above the writhing Prince. 

Prince Maelgad fell into unconsciousness on the bare stone floor of Rianon’s chamber. Rianon smiled in smug self-satisfaction. Centuries spent planning; the time had come for her to set her plan into motion. Rianon knelt beside the body of Maelgad. She drew a fingernail across his cheek and whispered in his ear.

“My dear Prince Maelgad, you will be the one to lead us home, yes, my dear Prince, you will unwittingly lead us back to the gates of Sion.”

Rianon rose to her feet and rolled the body of the unconscious Prince with her foot that she may better see his face. She delighted in seeing the sweet dark features twisted up and tortured. She took pleasure in seeing his expression screwed up in agony. She crouched to examine him a little closer, to see if the spell had worked. It had, Prince Maelgad would make the terrible transformation into a Drider. 

“Perfect,” She hissed.

While Rianon reveled in herself a knock came upon her chamber door. The sound was barely audible, but it was distinct. It was Lord Arian. She could tell by the knock, even if she had not previously arranged for him to be summoned to her chamber. 

“Enter,” Rianon commanded as she wrapped herself in a black robe that had been draped over a stone chair. 

The stone door of her chamber opened on unseen hinges and Lord Arian stepped in, his long silver hair flowing behind him, shimmering like spider-silk in the warm red light. Lord Arian came from the best Drow stock, his bloodlines were undeniable, but he was born with the birth defect of silver hair. Truly, this was his only flaw and the only reason Rianon had found him unsuitable for mating. 

Lord Arian looked at the body of Prince Maelgad on the floor and he understood what had just occurred.

A black widow, this Rianon is. Be wary about her, both in and out of her presence, Lord Arian told himself as he waited for his Queen to address him.

“You were Prince Maelgad’s right hand, were you not?”

“Yes, my Queen.”

“Then you are my Master of Assassins now, my Lord Arian. You will answer directly to me. You will answer only to me. Do you swear your loyalty with your life?”

“Yes, my Queen.”

“Good.”

There was a long drawn out pause designed to make Lord Arian uncomfortable and it did just that. Lord Arian could not avert his eyes from his predecessor who lay unconscious on the floor between them. Lord Arian could feel his inners squirm as she looked him up and down. Her eyes glinted like little red daggers as she assessed him for defect only she could see. Then her thin black lips parted and issued her orders. 

“You are to take the body of your predecessor beyond the Iron Hills, north of Lake Cemlyn and you are to leave him there. Our Prince Maelgad is not to be harmed. He still has purpose to serve. You are to see to this personally. Do you understand?” 

“Yes, my Queen. I will see it done just as you have specified.” 

“Have we any news from Cadfeal?”

“Our reports to date have been most favourable, my Queen. The Captain of the Guard has proved to be an excellent ambassador. Balesh, chieftain of the Orcish Tribes and Maluch of the Kobold clans have agreed to loan their support to our cause. Lord Arthfeal, of the Savage Elves, is thirsting Dwarven blood after the murder of his three children. We wait only to receive words of the intentions of Lord Bleiddud of the Savage Elves on the other side of the Crisiant and Glasnant rivers. Cadfeal has had some difficulty in locating the whereabouts of the Prince of Wolves,” as Lord Arian spoke he became more comfortable in his new role as Master of Assassins. 

Lord Arian knew Rianon was orchestrating a strike against the Dwarves. As Prince Maelgad right hand, Lord Arian was privy to certain aspects of the Queen’s plan. No one, but Rianon knew all the details.  

“Who is running the patrols in Cadfeal’s absence?” Rianon inquired.

“That would be Cadfrawd, Cadfeal’s most trusted lieutenant.”

“Send word to Cadfrawd. He is to attack the next Dwarven expedition that ventures into the Iron Hills. He is to kill all but one. Cadfrawd is to allow one Dwarf to escape with his life that he may report back to his King, that word will reach the ear of the good King Thorvaldr. The Drow contest Dwarven claim to the Iron Hills. The Iron Hills belong to the Drow and trespass will not be tolerated.”

“My Queen, is it wise to show ourselves so boldly? We have survived all these years of our exile by stealth and secrecy. The disappearance of a few Dwarven prospectors is one thing if we leave neither hide, nor trace of them, but to allow one to live, that would point the finger squarely upon us,” Lord Arian protested, for a moment forgetting with whom he was speaking.

The body on the stone floor groaned and writhed, still unconscious, still in pain and both Rianon and Arian looked in the direction of the disturbance. Prince Maelgad’s presence was a reminder of the fate that could befall Lord Arian if he wasn’t careful around this she-devil.

“Do not make the mistake of your predecessor in doubting your Queen,” Rianon spit out the words, venom dripping from viper’s tongue.

“My Queen, I only caution you because we have not yet heard back from Cadfeal regarding the intentions of Lord Bleiddud,” Lord Arian’s voice took on apologetic tones as he realized he may have pushed the High Priestess and Queen of the Drow too far. 

“Know your place Lord Arian. You are my Master of Assassins. You are not my advisor.”

“I understand, my Queen,” Lord Arian said lowering his eyes to the floor.

“As for Lord Bleiddud, at this point my Lord Arian, Lord Bleiddud is no more than a minor convenience if he is with us and little more than a minor inconvenience should he stand against us. That is unless there is something you are not telling me.”

“I would keep nothing from you, my Queen; you know all that I know.”

“You have your orders, Lord Arian; see to them, beginning with removing this filth from my chamber floor,” Rianon kicked the body of the unconscious Prince Maelgad.

“Yes, my Queen,” Lord Arian said.

Lord Arian pivoted and strode to the door. He stepped into the corridor just outside of the Queen’s chamber and returned with two of the guards that stood duty there. Lord Arian motioned for the guards to remove the limp body on the floor. Each of the guards took an arm and dragged Prince Maelgad by his heels, and Lord Arian followed. The door of the Queen’s chamber swung shut on unseen hinges behind them.

The door shut behind Lord Arian and Rianon was left alone in her chambers. The seeds had been planted; it was now time to see what fruits they bore. She rubbed her belly and thought of the daughter she would give birth to, the daughter she would groom to one day be her successor, High Priestess and Queen of the Drow. Yes, all the seeds were planted; it was now time to see what fruits they bore.

Rianon returned to the alcove where the altar stood, she touched a stone and the alcove slid to the side revealing a channel roughly cut into the rock. Rianon stepped into the dark passage way and followed the main vein passing side passages until she reached one passage that had a roughly cut set of steps leading down into the darkness. Rianon descended, at the base of the stairs there was a wall. Rianon touched a stone and the wall moved opening up in a corridor. She stepped out into the corridor and turned left as the wall slid shut behind her. There was a heavy door at the end of the corridor and a set of stairs in the opposite direction. Rianon opened the heavy stone door which swung easily upon its hinges. 

Rianon stepped into a cavernous chamber. A fire burned in the center of the room. Dwyryd, the Drow Master of Tortures, was turning the glowing red tip of a brand in the flames. Behind him there was a long table cluttered with various instruments of torture and malice. From the walls hung chains and shackles, from them two female Wood Elf, one older than the other, hung by their wrists. 

“And how are our esteemed guests Dwyryd?” Rianon spoke to the back of the Drow working the irons. 

The voice startled the Dwyryd; he had not heard the Queen enter. He quickly turned and dropped to one knee, lowering his head. 

“I have done my best to make our guests comfortable, my Queen; I was just about to show them some of our sweetest pleasantries.” 

Rianon looked at the poker in the fire and knew the sort of pleasantry Dwyryd was referring to. 

“Remember Dwyryd, you are not to mark them outwardly. These two are for leverage, not for sport. You will refrain from introducing them to our sweeter pleasantries for the moment.”

“Yes, my Queen, I understand,” Dwyryd lifted his eyes as he spoke to reveal a face of pale colored scars from where blade and whip had cut flesh. Dwyryd had been trained and conditioned since birth to understand all the intricacies of pain and his body was covered with his apprenticeship into the arts of cruelty. Dwyryd was an apprentice no longer, he was a fully-fledged master.

Prince Maelgad had graciously provided Rianon with these two prisoners as his last official act as Master of Assassins. They were the mate and daughter of Grigor, a personal advisor to Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela of the High Elf. With Grigor as an agent of the Drow, Rianon could bend the ear of the Lord and Lady and perhaps even get close enough to assassinate one of them and by doing so disturb the balance of Elven power. Rianon had to be sure she had reigned in the inherent brutality of Master of Tortures, lest he render them useless to her plan.

“Cut the hems of their dresses and give me the fabric,” Rianon commanded and Dwyryd obeyed. 

With the swaths of cloth in her hand Rianon left Dwyryd and the dungeon of Darryn to return to her chamber. She retraced her route through the secret passages that led to and from her chamber.

Chapter Two

“In the beginning all beneath the sky was vast ocean
And in the depths of that ocean there dwelt a great creature
And Tak descended from the heavens
And armed with a great golden spear, Tak did tame the beast
He pierced the side of the creature with the tip of his spear
Forcing the creature to swim with wound exposed to the air,
Tak removed his spear tip and Lake Cemlyn was formed
And from Lake Cemlyn all life sprang.”
Tablet of the First Dwarf


Cadfrawd stood at a makeshift table and was poring over the reports that he had received from his scouts. He was sifting through the sheaves in front of him when Lord Arian arrived unannounced. It was a rare occasion for a Lord to make an appearance at an outpost this far from the sanctuary of Darryn. Drows in general were not ones for aimless roaming and one of the High Born, those bred for special purpose and position, would only venture outside when there were pressing matters at hand that might need a delicate touch. 

Lord Arian was accompanied by an entourage of eight guards and one prisoner. The prisoner was nude and had been bound and gagged and Cadfrawd could not get a good look at him. Outside of idle curiosity, Cadfrawd really had no interest in the identity of the prisoner. It was none of his affair and even a Drowling knows not to go meddling in affairs that are of no direct concern.

So to what did Cadfrawd owe the honour of this unexpected visit? 

Cadfrawd knew that Lord Arian was not one to be trifled with. Being High Born did not make Lord Arian soft, but exposed him to extra training and education. All Drow are bred to be assassins and soldier-spies and the Drow Nobility received special attentions. Lord Arian had excelled in all the dark and deadly arts. Most believed that Lord Arian would eventually replace Prince Maelgad as Master of Assassins when it was time to name a successor. 

Cadfrawd had recognized Lord Arian by his silver hair. Lord Arian’s silver hair tended to produce one of two effects among the Drow. Either they found him repulsive and loathed him for it, or they believed him divine, sent by Lolth to lead them back to Sion. Cadfrawd was among the first group, but he did not let his disdain show as the Drow Lord separated from prisoner and entourage and approached coming to a halt the other side of the makeshift table. Cadfrawd, befitting of his station, waited to be spoken to.

Lord Arian cast his gaze here and then there, inspecting the outpost and assessing its security. He seemed to completely ignore Cadfrawd, who waited patiently to be addressed. The outpost itself was little more than a small clearing that had been strategically selected; there was a large flat stump in the middle of the clearing being used as a makeshift table. Lord Arian contemplated the importance of this outpost and why it was so valuable. Any Man, Dwarf, or Elf venturing this deep into the Iron Hills would be killed, or captured and taken captive. Prisoners were only taken on odd occasion and when they were they were brought to the dungeons deep in the bowels of Darryn where their fate would lie in the hands of Dwyryd, Master of Tortures.

Lord Arian always enjoyed these moments when he could exert his station. He loved to watch others squirm. Lord Arian was mildly amused by Cadfrawd’s marvelous display of discipline, but time was pressing and there were many important matters that required his personal touch. 

“It is Cadfrawd, is it not?” Lord Arian asked aloofly. 

“I am Cadfrawd, my Lord Arian.”

“Yes, well, Cadfeal has spoken highly of you and you seem to have provided adequate replacement while he has been occupied with more pressing matters. Perhaps his esteem in you was not misplaced after all.” Lord Arian paused.

Lord Arian had begun to pace in front of Cadfrawd, who stood unmoving. As he strode, Lord Arian’s hair waved in the wind as it flowed down the long black cape clasped to the padded shoulders of his black leather armour, the large insignia of a red spider upon his breast. Cadfrawd’s own armour was less ceremonial, being field worn and faded. Lord Arian ceased his pacing and again addressed Cadfrawd.

“Yes, well, ahem, I have new orders for you, from the Queen herself. You are commanded by the High Priestess Rianon to put to death the next party that should venture into the Iron Hills. All are to be slain and beheaded. All, but one, one will be spared and after he has witnessed the death of his company, he is to be released,” Lord Arian said in his most official and imperial voice.

Rianon had not specified the beheading, but Lord Arian figured it was a nice touch. The order did not sit right with Cadfrawd. Too long had the Drow relied on secrecy and stealth, it was one thing to make a party disappear, that could be explained in many ways, but to let someone survive, this was folly.

“My Lord, you must be mistaken. If we let anyone live they will return with an army,” Cadfrawd voiced his protest.

“We are counting upon it. Now, I have wasted too much time here, I have too many things that require my delicate touch. You have your orders Cadfrawd, see to it that they are carried out and report to me personally when it is done.” 

The conversation was over. Lord Arian turned and strode away, cape and long silver hair flapping in the breeze behind him. Cadfrawd stood and watched as Arian rejoined his entourage. Half the guard hoisted the prisoner up upon their shoulders and they walked behind Arian while the rest of the guard flanked and walked in front of the Drow Lord.

It was as Lord Arian was leaving the clearing that Cadfrawd first got a good glimpse at the prisoner’s tortured and twisted face. Even through the contorted features Cadfrawd unmistakably recognized them as Prince Maelgad’s. He would know that face anywhere. When Cadfrawd was young, Prince Maelgad himself had instructed him in the art of poisons. It bothered Cadfrawd to see his old teacher bound and humiliated, but there was nothing he could do about it. Lord Arian would not have moved so openly in opposition of the Master of Assassins, only the dark Queen would do that. This had her stamp and seal of approval all over it.

Cadfrawd ignored the reports on the large stump as he turned to think about what all this meant. The orders he had received would most definitely bring war to their doorstep. To openly attack a Dwarven party and to let one of them survive to tell the tale would bring the combined might of Dwarf, Human and Elf down upon their heads. None of this seemed right to him. Sure Darryn was well-fortified and the Iron Hills booby-trapped, but how long could they defend it against such overwhelming forces. 

Cadfrawd found himself wishing his old friend, Cadfeal, was there. The Captain of the Guard would understand these things better. Cadfeal was still away on some special assignment that was shrouded in secrecy. 

A young scout broke into the clearing at a full sprint and Cadfrawd’s thoughts turned to the more immediate. The scout came to a stop, winded from exertion in front of Cadfrawd.

“Sir, a Dwarven party has set up camp just on the skirts of the Iron Hills to the south,” the scout said as he huffed and puffed.

“Numbers,” Cadfrawd inquired sharply.

“We counted seven beards in all, sir.”

“Assemble a force for a raid. We will attack when the moon is high in the sky,” Cadfrawd issued the orders and the scout ran off to deliver them.

This is all happening too damn fast, Cadfrawd thought.

He turned his attention back to the reports in front of him, but he could not concentrate. The report he was looking for found his fingertips. In fine Elven script it read:
Seven Dwarven prospectors moderately armed spotted heading north from Halldor in the direction of the Iron Hills. At current pace they will reach the Iron Hills by nightfall.

Cadfrawd had fifty Drow at his immediate disposal and he could reinforce those numbers easy enough with one dispatch. A squirmish with a small party of prospectors did not concern him much. That was an easy enough task. What troubled Cadfrawd were the ramifications of allowing a member of this company to survive and be released as he was ordered to do. 



Seven Dwarves sat around the fire. They had decided it best to wait until first sun before venturing into the Iron Hills. King Thorvaldr had granted the seven Dwarves prospecting and mining rights to the Iron Hills. Iron was more valuable than gold. More iron was needed to make armour and weapons. Dwarven forges melted down the iron and combined it with other ores to produce steel. Good old fashion Dwarven steel was much desired and always in high demand.

Packs and pickaxes had been tossed into a pile and the Dwarves ate from the provisions they had brought with them. Almost every Dwarf was an accomplished hunter, but these Dwarves looked to cover large swaths of ground quickly so for this journey they packed provisions rather than waste time tracking and hunting boar and bear. 

Three Dwarves were brothers; they were Einar, Egil and Egor, then there were Gleb, Fridtjof, Berger and the eldest of all the prospectors Amhlaidh, a grizzled white haired Dwarf. Amhlaidh told tales around the campfire of the old days, when a Dwarf could pick up precious metal and gem off the ground upon which he walked. Their voices boomed boisterously in the night air as they chortled, chuckled and chided each other by the glow of the fire. Having set out two days prior their spirits were high, as were their hopes of striking the mother-lode.

The three brothers were renowned huntsmen and trackers known for their fortitude and toughness. Their inclusion in the party was to provide protection and muscle for the others. It was getting late and one by one the Dwarves began to turn in for the night until just the three brothers remained sitting around the fire deciding who would stand first watch. The discussion was heated, but in the end Einar drew the short straw and would stand first watch. Egor would have the second watch and Egil would be allowed to sleep the whole night through. Egor and Egil settled aside one another near the fire and went to sleep while Einar struggled to stay alert. 

Einar sat by the fire and stared into the forest. He drank red wine from a skin to fight off the fatigue he was feeling. They had covered the ground from the Halls of Halldor to where their claim began in two days. They had set out at first light that morning, they did not break for midday meal and they did not stop until the sun began to wane.

The suitable ground would be in the foothills on the other side of the forest in front of them. There was still at least another long day’s journey in front of them and the dark woods of the Iron Hills would slow their progress considerably. Not much was known about the Iron Hills, most who ventured into to them never returned. Those who had returned from surveying and mapmaking had told of finding the animal eaten remains of previous parties. There were all sorts of rumours and speculation as to what fate had really befallen those previous expeditions, but they were founded only upon imagination. Still, death lurked in the Iron Hills and that could not be disputed.

Einar listened to the forest. The forest seemed to be alive that night with birds chirping and small animals calling. Wolves howled in the distance. The moon shone bright and the fire burned low. Einar thought he heard a rustle in the bushes. He picked up his heavy axe and went to investigate. As he approached the area from where the noise was issued, two hooded figures emerged from the shadows and they were quickly upon Einar. He felt the long black talons clasp his arms and bite through his leathers. Einar hadn’t had time to swing his axe before he had been restrained. Before he could alert the others a third cloaked figure emerged from the shadows and pointed a small hand-held crossbow to Einar’s head. 

“Utter a sound and you will die, remain silent and you will be allowed to live,” the shadowy figure with the crossbow hissed.

Self-preservation and fear gripped Einar’s heart. From the bushes behind the shadowy figure in front of him more and more hooded and cloaked figures appeared, too many for Einar to count. They circled the Dwarves as they slept. Einar watched in horror as he bore witness to the massacre of his companions, their throats slit while they slept. After they had been murdered came the greatest atrocity. One of the shadowy creatures picked up Egad’s axe and proceeded to hack and cleave the heads of his companions from their shoulders. After the six Dwarves had been decapitated the shadowy figure with the crossbow spoke again.

“You will bring back word to your King. The Iron Hills belong to the Drow.”

Einar was released. He backed away slowly at first before turning and fleeing as fast as he could from the scene while the horror kept replaying over and over in his mind. He tripped, he fell, he got back up and continued to run without looking back.



Cadfrawd watched as the Dwarf he had spared ran off into the night. His men were busy pillaging the corpses and provisions of the Dwarven prospectors. There was some minor squabbling going on when from the forest emerged a cloaked figure. As the figure strode closer he drew down the cowl that concealed his features to reveal his long white flowing hair. Cadfrawd immediately recognized the face of his friend and commander, Cadfeal. The two greeted each other with great familiarity as they clasped shoulders.

“It’s good to see you my friend,” Cadfrawd said.

“It’s good to see you too my friend. What have we here? I leave you in charge for a short time and you begin beheading Dwarves on whimsy…”

“Not on whimsy, on direct order from Lord Arian.”

“Lord Arian, you say.”

“The orders came from the very lips of the silver-haired devil himself.”

“Well my friend, I would love to stay and chat, but I have an urgent report to deliver to Prince Maelgad. You can fill me in later about this business with Lord Arian.”

“You might find your task a little difficult.”

“And why is that?”

“Because when Lord Arian delivered my orders personally, he had with him the old Master of Assassins bound and gagged and no doubt going to his death.”

“So it would appear as though Lord Arian’s time has finally come. Well then I will find out about all these new developments when I deliver my report to Rianon. I don’t trust our ambitious Lord Arian for a moment.”


Chapter Three

“Having driven the Orcish Tribes to the Barren Lands on the Western shore of the mighty Glasnant and Crisiant Rivers, Folkvar the Great returned to Mount Halldor and claimed it for the Dwarf.”
Tablet of the First Dwarf


Among the races of Brynmor, Humans and Dwarves were the most similar. Dwarves were generally a little shorter in stature, maybe a head shorter. Dwarves were also a little thicker boned. Like Humans, Dwarves lusted after gems and jewels and precious metals. This made for a natural and easy alliance between the two races. The only real road in all of Brynmor was the one that connected the Human city of Treveylyan through the farming villages of Demelza and Hammit to the gates of the subterranean city of Halldor, home of the Dwarf. 

Mount Halldor stood as the highest peak in all of Brynmor and was nestled between Lake Cemlyn and the coastal mountains just north of the southern bluffs that over-looked the great blue and beyond. The Dwarves had carved Mount Halldor hollow, hewn from stone were great columns and arches, all ornately decorated with depictions of the great battles and events from the history of the Dwarves’ time under the mountain. 

The mountain keep had been carved out one level at a time from base to tip, mining the rock for ore in the process. First to be chiseled out, into the base were the great reception halls, of which there were seven. Seven is a magical number for Dwarves. Into the roots of the mountain they dug and installed their forges and furnaces and it was there the wheels of Dwarven industry turned. Level by level they carved out the mountain. The upper chambers of Halldor were reserved for the Dwarven aristocracy with the upper most chambers belonging to the King. In the days of King Thorvaldr, Mount Halldor had long been mined out, as were the lands to the immediate south. New sources of ore were needed.

King Thorvaldr ate a breakfast of roasted boar thigh, boiled eagle eggs and large hunks of bread made by the Humans, in his chamber atop the mountain, as he did every morning. He sat at his table and ate while his first wife, Alfrun, laid out the day’s agenda. Thorvaldr had seven wives; each had a room of their own, all except for his first wife, Alfrun, who shared the King’s chambers and ran the household. Without her fake beard Alfrun would have passed for a very attractive petite Human, but she was a fierce Dwarf and she alone could sway the King in whichever direction she desired. Alfrun was the true power behind the throne. 

It was only rumour that Dwarven women had beards, they in fact did not have beards, they did however wear fake beards whenever appearing in public. Dwarven women had worn fake beards since time out of memory. It was by edict of Folkvar the Great, at the onset of the Great War that Dwarven women began to wear false beards to prevent them from being raped and they had done so ever since. 

King Thorvaldr wiped his lips with a silk spun serviette and then used the napkin to brush the crumbs from his beard. The beard was a thing of pride and position for a Dwarf and usually determined his status in Dwarven society and King Thorvaldr had the finest beard of them all. His big, bushy auburn beard came to his knees held together at the end with seven gold and jewel encrusted rings. He was dressed in the finest leathers and animal skins, which Alfrun laid out for him each morning. The King’s head was crowned with a thin band of gold with a large sparkling emerald that rested between and above his dark beady eyes. 

The King, having finished his morning meal, was ready to hold court. Alfrun put on her beard and accompanied the King to a wooden platform in the corner of the King’s chambers, near the stairs that descended into the heart of the mountain. The King never used the stairs to his chamber, not even in youth. Thorvaldr stomped his foot on the thick planks and the platform began to descend. The wooden platform was raised and lowered by a series of ropes and pulleys. The platform moved slowly and steadily down the shaft, images of past Kings had been carved into the walls. The shaft gave way to open space at the bottom. The platform settled gently on the stone floor of the seventh reception hall which served as the King’s throne room. 

Thorvaldr stepped from the platform and climbed a small flight of stairs that led to the raised dais upon which the seat of Dwarven power sat. The King’s throne was hewn from granite and the arms were carved to represent two bears on all fours. Alfrun, as custom dictated, followed one step behind the King. Thorvaldr seated himself on the throne and Alfrun stood behind and to the right of the arched back, just close enough that her lips could reach the King’s ear.

Thorvaldr hated holding court, preferring to hunt bear and boar, but there was a visitor that could not be put off. Haakon, one of the Five Sages had demanded audience. The Five Sages were believed to be eternal beings. They had been around since the beginning and it was believed that they were the first ones. The Sages didn’t normally meddle in the affairs of the races, but they did on occasion serve as advisors to the Kings and Chieftains of Brynmor. When the King was comfortably seated on his throne he signalled a guard and Haakon was brought in to stand before the King.

Haakon was a full head taller than the Dwarves that led him in. He was dressed in a fine white robe and his great grey beard was only second to Thorvaldr’s. The sharp features of his wrinkled face were framed with long grey hair, swept back to keep it from falling in his eyes, falling freely over the shoulders of his robe. Despite his aged appearance his step remained youthful. Haakon did not carry a weapon and he wore no armour, none of the Five Sages did. The Sages relied upon their mastery of magic, the elements and arcane knowledge. The Sages were wise and powerful beings. It was said that Haakon was a master of earth and stone and he could summon an elemental of rock. When Haakon demanded an audience, a King must grant that audience and when Haakon spoke, even a King must listen.

Haakon bowed ever so slightly, a bow between equals, although Haakon did not see Thorvaldr as his equal. There were only four others that walked in Brynmor that were his equal and his brothers and sisters were not present. Haakon did not wait for the King to address him. 

“My Lord Thorvaldr, I will cut to the crux of the matter and simply tell you why I have graced your doorstep. Word has it you are planning on increasing expeditions into the Iron Hills. I must advise you against this. There are things in the Iron Hills that sleep, things that should not be woken,” Haakon spoke in a voice that boomed and filled the air of the great hall. 

“Haakon, you speak of ancient superstitions. Your counsel has long kept my ancestors from laying rightful claim to the ore that lies in those hills. The Iron Hills are rightfully Dwarven territory. That was agreed to in the ancient accord between the Elves, Humans and Dwarves. Forge, billow and anvil demand that ore. The veins of Mount Halldor have run dry. The foothills surrounding Halldor have dried up. We can no longer let your superstitions stand in the way of progress,” Thorvaldr reddened in the face as he spoke. 

“Lord Thorvaldr, you may call it superstition if you will, but you will regret it if you awaken the darkness that has settled over those lands. If you insist and send your expeditions into the Iron Hills you will provoke an evil that has long lain dormant. Mark my words.”

“If, as you say, there is evil in those hills, then I will rid those hills of that evil just as Folkvar ridded this land of the Orcish scourge,” Thorvaldr countered.

“I would not be so quick as to draw comparisons with Folkvar were I you. Do you forget that I knew Folkvar in the flesh and that I once spoke to Folkvar as I now speak to you. Folkvar, my dear Thorvaldr, was a different breed of Dwarf. Even if his blood does run through your veins, you are not half the Dwarf Folkvar was,” Haakon said as he stared down the Dwarven King.

The words hit Thorvaldr like a slap in the face. He was not accustomed to being thus spoken to. His face flushed with a flash of anger and it was only the light touch of Alfrun’s hand upon his shoulder that steadied the King and prevented him from throttling the insolent old man before him. Senses prevailed, but reason had fallen on deaf ears. 

A large commotion erupted at the other end of the great hall. The guards had gathered around someone demanding audience with the King. Voices were raised, interrupting the discourse between Haakon and Thorvaldr. The guards were restraining a Dwarf, who was struggling to pass, at the entrance of the throne room. One of the guards left the uproar at the opposite end of the hall and approached the throne. He halted and bowed before the raised dais.

“My Lord and King, the Dwarf known as Einar demands immediate audience. He claims his party was attacked in the Iron Hills.”

“Let Einar approach. I will hear him,” The King commanded, he then turned to Haakon and said dismissively in tones meant only for the Sage’s ear, “We can finish our discussion later.”

The guard wheeled on his heel and marched back to the fracas at the entrance of the throne room. He spoke briefly with the other guards and Einar was released and allowed to pass. Haakon had moved off to one side and watched as the Dwarf named Einar approached the King. Einar wore a combination of leather and chain and his red beard was full of dust. Haakon studied the Dwarf as he approached and bowed low before the King. Einar had managed to regain his composure after his row with the guards. He listened intently to every word when Einar spoke. 

“My King, I bring you grave news…,” Einar began and then proceeded to give a detailed account of the death and decapitation of his companions.

So I’m too late, Haakon thought.. He suddenly felt weary. He shrugged and sighed and shook his head. Then Haakon heard the word that he dreaded hearing, the word that sent shivers up and down his spine, “Drow,” the Drow had resurfaced after all these thousands of years. Haakon knew time was of the essence and he must return to the Tower of Gwylfa and consult with his brothers and sisters. With everyone focused on Einar, Haakon used the opportunity to slip away unnoticed. 

After hearing Einar’s account of the events, Thorvaldr spoke.

“This is grave news you bring, indeed. On one hand you have done a great service for the people and your King in delivering this news. For that we thank you Einar. On the other hand, you have dishonoured yourself and all Dwarves in not joining your companions in death. For taking the cowardly way out your beard will be shorn. Perhaps, one day, you can earn the right to grow a beard once more, but until that day your chin will remain bald.”

Thorvaldr issued the sentence and as the proclamation left his mouth the guards set upon Einar. The prospector was pinned to the floor and his beard razed from chin and cheek with hand held axes honed to a razor’s edge. The bald faced Einar was then escorted from the throne room by the guards that had shorn his beard. 

“Now, Haakon, what do you know of these Drow?” Thorvaldr asked the empty space Haakon once occupied. “Damn Sages!” He cursed when he realized Haakon had taken leave without being dismissed. 

From behind and off to the side of the throne, Alfrun whispered into Thorvaldr’s ear. 

“Send for the Royal Messenger. I have urgent dispatch for King Llyarch of Trevelyan,” Thorvaldr bellowed.


Chapter Four

“Earth, Wind, Water, Fire
These are the Four Elements
And then there is Quintessence
That encompasses all things in-between
Haakon, Awena, Adikavi, Chozal and Bersaba
These were the firstborns
Birthed by the Elements”
The Oral Histories


Haakon had slipped undetected out of the court and great hall of King Thorvaldr. He made his way through the underground corridors of Halldor with their vaulted ceilings. Haakon had found the account of Einar’s encounter with the Drow very worrisome. For five thousand years the Drow have remained hidden and operated in secret, so why now do they reveal themselves? Haakon wrestled several such thoughts as he made his way to the Gates of Halldor. 

There was something about this attack upon Einar and his party that did not sit well with Haakon. Attacking the prospectors made sense, letting one of those prospectors escape with his life made no sense at all. Haakon wondered if this were not an open declaration of war, but that made no sense. The Drow did not have quarrel with the Dwarves, their quarrel was with the Elves. This was all very un-Drow-like. The whole thing had a foul odor about it. He had to report this most disturbing development to his brothers and sisters. 

Haakon passed through the great iron gates of Halldor and once again breathed the open air and his lungs were thankful for it. As much as he took pleasure in Dwarven architecture, he did not like to remain below ground for extended periods. The sun was high in the sky and half the day’s light still remained. Haakon walked along the road leading away from Halldor. The Sage continued to walk until he was far enough away from unwanted eyes. 

Haakon paused and looked around to make sure he had not been followed and that no one could spy him out. When he was certain, he stepped from the road. He found somewhere he could conceal himself and when he found a suitable spot he raised his hand, palm turned outward. He began chanting in a language most had forgotten. His hand began to make small circles in front of him in the air.

Where palm touched air a small portal began to open. The circular motion of Haakon’s hand became larger and more exaggerated, the portal before him grew until it was large enough for a man to pass through. Haakon stepped through the portal and it snapped shut behind him. 

The Tower of Gwylfa stood like a great spike before Haakon. The Tower of Gwylfa stood opposite of the Elven city of Caerwyn on the south-east bank where the Glasnant forked and the Crisiant was born. The tower outdated the Histories, both oral and written and it was almost as old as the mountains themselves. Standing the height of forty men and built of polished white stone. The tower was not built by earthly means, nor was it entered by earthly means. The Tower of Gwylfa was an obelisk, erected without door, or window, the only way to enter Gwylfa was by magic portal. 

Haakon approached the tower, wading through a field of tall grasses. He began to circle the tower until he had found the ruin-stone. He touched the ruin-stone and he spoke his name. The white stone in front of him melted away and an opening appeared. Haakon stepped through the opening and when he stood on the other side the wall that had melted re-appeared.

The interior of Gwylfa was illuminated by a magic light that radiated from everywhere. Upon the wall, where Haakon had passed through, was a strange archaic symbol. In the middle of the tower was a spiral staircase wrought of iron that climbed to the other levels of the tower. Each level was lined with bookcases from floor to ceiling. There was a study table and five chairs on each of the upper floors. On the main level there was a large round table made of oak with five great chairs, ornately carved with more strange symbols and the name of a Sage upon each. Off to one side on the main floor were five very modest cots. 

The Sages, when inside Gwylfa, could use the tower as an antenna and communicate with the other Sages over large distances, but they could not express complex sentences, merely very small phrases, or single words. Haakon summoned his brothers and sisters with the word Gwylfa. Gwylfa was the agreed upon word for all the Sages to convene at the tower. Haakon went about making the preparations in advance of their arrival. He felt so very tired. In these later days even the smallest use of magic seemed to drain him. When he had finished making the preparations he decided to lay down to meditate a little while he waited. He stretched out on one of the cots, smoothed out his beard and he shut his eyes. 

Awena was the first of the other Sages to arrive. Her features were fine and slightly Elven. She wore a long shimmering gown of gold colored hemp. Her hair was silver spun silk, tied back to prevent it from falling in her face. Her eyes were an emerald green and they sparkled as if they were gems. She saw Haakon resting on one of the cots and did not rouse him. She could sympathize with Haakon because she too felt the drain of casting even the simplest spells. She selected a book from one of the shelves and opened it and read while she waited for Haakon to stir, or the others arrive. 

The next to arrive was Bersaba, who appeared as a beautiful dark haired woman with dark piercing eyes. Bersaba wore a gown of many colors; the folds of the fabric accentuated her contours and form. The cloth moved in ways that flattered her. Bersaba was the youngest and the most youthful looking of the sages and she did not yet feel the drain of using magic. She looked upon Haakon, who still lay upon the cot in a state of deep meditation. Awena put down her book and rose from her chair at the table to greet Bersaba.

“My dear Bersaba, it’s been an age since last we saw each other. How have you been,?”

“I’ve been good Awena; my wanderings have been very insightful. “

“Mine also; I spent some of my time among the Wood Elf. I was particularly intrigued by the offspring of Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn, the caretakers of the Elven city of Firth. Derwena is the girl’s name. She really is rather special and quite a curious creature” Awena said and paused.

“What do you know of Haakon’s summons? Have you spoken with him yet?“ Awena changed the topic.

“Haakon has been recuperating ever since I arrived. I’ve not yet spoken with him. Come, dear sister, let us sit and reacquaint ourselves while we wait for the others to arrive.”

The two Sages sat at the round oak table, each in her designated seat. Haakon continued to rest. While the two Sages were reacquainting, Chozal arrived. Chozal’s face was slightly canine in appearance. His flesh was covered in a fine grey fur which grew thicker and longer upon his head and down the back of his neck in a magnificent mane. Chozal’s white robe swirled around him as he crossed the room. He nodded at the resting Haakon before addressing the two Sages who sat quietly talking. 

“Ladies, I see as usual, Adikavi is the last to join us. Funny, that the first of us would always be the last to arrive,” Chozal said as he pulled up his designated seat at the oak table. 

Adikavi was indeed the oldest of the Sages, his name literally meant The First Poet and that is how Adikavi viewed himself. Adikavi was by far the most physically intimidating of the Sages. The head of the tallest of man only came to his chest and the white robes he wore did little to conceal the rock hard muscle that rippled beneath. His flesh had a slight greenish-grey hue to it and his lower jaw jutted forward, with two tusks protruding that curled up on the outside of his top lip. His scalp, chin, lip and cheek were razed. 

The symbol on the wall opened up and Adikavi stepped through. As Adikavi entered the tower Haakon sat up in his cot. Adikavi first greeted Haakon, who had risen to his feet. They leaned into one another and clasped each other’s forearms. They walked together to the table where the others sat. Adikavi took his seat and look across the table at Haakon, who remained standing. Adikavi noted how fatigued Haakon looked. Haakon’s weight was on his hands which were rooted to the oak table. Haakon drew a deep breath and then he began to speak.

“I know you all must be curious why I have called you here.”

“Other than you missing us dear brother,” Chozal piped in.

“If only it were as simple as missing you Chozal, but I fear I have some terrible news I must share with you. It is of such urgency that it could not wait. The Drow have resurfaced in the Iron Hills, my brothers and sisters. I fear there are dark days ahead.”

“The Drow, I thought that we were rid of them for good,” Bersaba blurted out. 

“Not completely rid of them, a few of them managed to escape when Sion fell. According to the history of the Elves, most of the Drow were killed alongside their Queen in defence of Sion. There may have been a handful of Drow that seeped across the Glasnant, but that number was believed to be a couple of dozen at most. Most Drow were devout followers of Lolth, the High Priestess and Queen that transformed herself into a Goddess and they followed her to her Death” Awena spoke because she was an expert in all matters Elven and she knew most about the Drow. 

“Just a moment, Haakon, how do we know for sure that it is the Drow we are dealing with, how have they resurfaced?” Chozal asked. 

“A Dwarven party of prospectors was attacked and beheaded in the Iron Hills. One of the Dwarves was spared death. They let him live to deliver a message to Thorvaldr’s ear, that the Iron Hills belonged to the Drow.” Haakon said and then sagged into his chair.

“Very un-Drow like,” Adikavi said.

“I thought so also. The Drow do not act so openly and they wouldn’t just let someone live. It troubles me they let this Dwarf live. What does it mean?” Haakon quiried.

“Territorial dispute,” Chozal piped in.

“Perhaps, but first, what do we know about the Drow?” Adikavi asked, looking at Awena. 

“What we know, or what we knew is information that is five thousand years old and even that is scarce. The Drow were Elves, or a subspecies of Elf. They were used by the High Elf to manage the furnaces and forges of Elven Industry. The Drow were never seen as more than a sub-class of Elf destined to mine and live out their lives in the pits of the earth. The Drow lived by shadow and secrecy and they worshiped the Spider. The Drow are skilled in the uses of magic and are said to be immune to its effects. Lolth was their High Priestess and she was also their Queen. Lolth somehow acquired the ability to transform into Drider form at will, only she was thrice the size of a Drider. The Drow believed she was a Goddess. Five thousand years ago, the Drow rebelled, that was during the Great War in which the Orcish hoards were driven across the Glasnant. In the conclusion of the Great War Sion was besieged by the combined Elven, Dwarven and Human armies and that is where the Drow perished. That is about all we know,” Awena summarized. 

“So a few Drow have survived and now they have announced their existence. How many Drow could there be?” Adikavi asked.

“Given the rate Elves reproduce at, a few dozen might be a few hundred today, perhaps five hundred,” Awena said. 

“Five hundred Drow, I don’t see what the problem is. Thorvaldr will flex his muscles and squash them as though they were flies,” Chozal said. 

“Something isn’t right here. We’re missing something,” Adikavi said as he slowly rose to his feet and began to pace back and forth. “The Drow would not have acted so boldly unless they intended to bring war to the Iron Hills. They wouldn’t move unless they were sure they could win. And why wage war with the Dwarf and not the Elf. It is with the Elf that they have their quarrel. We need more information.”

“I will see what I can learn from Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela in Caerwyn,” Awena said. 

“I will return to Halldor and see what I can learn there, and I’ll see if I can’t talk some reason into that damnable King and get him to proceed with caution,” Haakon said. 

“I will go to Trevelyan and see if I can learn anything in the court of King Llyarch. Humans seem to have a way of finding things out,” Bersaba said.

“Well, since we’re all going on fool’s errands, I will sniff around Talmal and see if I can’t learn anything from Maluch, although I suspect we will learn nothing from the Kobold,” Chozal complained.

“And I will travel to Adrika and speak with Balesh of the Orcish tribes. I want to make sure he doesn’t have any hand in this, or we may have bigger problems than the Drow. We will meet back here in a fortnight,” Adikavi concluded. 

The Sages rose from their chairs. One by one they opened the portal and stepped through until just Haakon and Adikavi remained. Before Haakon opened his portal Adikavi placed his large hand upon his shoulder. 

“Take care my brother, you will be the closest to the Drow lair so you will be the most in Danger,” Adikavi said.

Haakon opened his portal and stepped through leaving Adikavi alone in the tower. Adikavi did not depart immediately after the others but instead climbed the staircase to the top floor where the ancient histories were kept. He selected from the shelves a large tome and several parchments. Adikavi spent the rest of that day and all of the next pouring over scroll and script and tome looking for clues. 


Chapter Five

“He-Elf and She-Elf shall be bound by the soul
From birth unto death
Each only half, together they are whole.”
The Elven Scrolls


Morfran was the Drow Master of Spies, receiving the honorific at the tender age of three-hundred and forty years young. For the last fifteen years he had held the post as the chief gatherer of information. Despite, or because of his office Morfran could seldom be found in Darryn. He was one of a very few Drow that actually preferred life on the surface. He had left Darryn seven days prior and it had been five days since he crossed the Glasnant, north of the Elven outpost of Kendal. He always enjoyed these little reconnaissance missions into the heart of Elven territory. 

For fifteen years Morfran had been making sorties deep into Elven country to collect detailed intelligence on Elven defences. He had found several places where the Drow could cross the Glasnant safely. His current mission would take him to the Crisiant to scout out crossings near Firth. Rianon had explained they may need a backdoor, if things went wrong, Morfran did not know the details of Rianon’s plan, but he could deduce it involved a full scale attack on Elven Strongholds.

After Morfran crossed the Glasnant, near Kendal, he moved in secret and in shadow and in silence. His route went through the deciduous forests at the base of the range of mountains to the north. After two days he cut south, into the foothills and the forest of Elm and Oak, before again making west. His current mission would see him scout the Crisiant from Firth to the white forest of Caerwyn. 

It took nerves of steel to move so closely to the enemy. As Morfran neared the rushing waters of the Crisiant he could feel his pulse quicken. He was incredibly close to Firth, domain of Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn and the westerly home of the Wood Elf. If Morfran was caught he would be killed, but the nature of his work often brought him in harm’s way. He could no longer count the close calls. 

Morfran was a believer and true follower of Lolth and the Great Spider. He believed the Goddess Queen, who once ruled the Drow, watched over him. He believed the Great Spider in the sky protected him. He approached Firth from the north along the banks of the Crisiant; Morfran believed it was moments such as these that he was under the safeguard of Drow Deities. It was as he approached Firth he encountered a Goddess of another variety.

She wore a dress of browns and greens made of hemp softer than silk. Her gown clung to her form and accentuated her curves. Her long grey hair was swept back behind her delicately pointed ears, flowing over her shoulders and down her back. Morfran watch as she stooped to collect the white flower and root of the Althaea that grew profusely near the river’s bank. Morfran, concealed by the shadows, moved closer, close enough that he could smell her fragrance as it wafted upon the air. What an intoxicating odor it was.

Morfran watched as she inspected each of the flowers she picked before carefully wrapping them in hemp cloth and gingerly placing them with the others in the pouch that was slung over her shoulder. Her fingers were long and slender and her hands delicate. Her flesh was near as pale as the flowers she plucked. Morfran was enraptured by the young Elf maid’s beauty. He would have believed it some kind of magic had he not known that such silly little charm spells had no effect on the Drow. No, it was not magic that distracted and delayed Morfran from his mission. It was something else.

Morfran moved even closer, as close as he dared. He was so close he could almost reach out and touch her from the branch upon which he was perched. His heart thumped so loudly he feared it would betray him. But Morfran was so adept in the art of stealth that the Wood Elf did not detect his presence, nor did she feel his eyes upon her. 

Morfran was so enamoured with the beautiful Wood Elf that he had almost committed a fatal error. He had not heard the approach of a train of Wood Elves arriving from the south. Morfran’s heart stopped and he held his breath as he prayed to Lolth and the Great Spider. His prayers were answered because they did not detect him in the nearby shadows. 

When Morfran was relatively certain his presence went unnoticed he breathed a little easier. His mind switched gears and he went into spy mode. He made detailed mental notes of the Elven party. He bent his ear, he observed astutely and he deduced from logic. 

The Elves wore ceremonial dress and carried long bows fashioned of yew. There were about thirty Elves and all of them had the trademark grey hair of the Wood Elf. Stepping from the ranks that had flanked front and back and on each side were two Elves of some dignity, a male and female, a Lord and a Lady. The young Wood Elf Morfran had been watching had stopped stooping to pick flowers and ran toward the two Elves that had separated themselves from their caravan. 

“Mother, Father, you have returned. I did miss you so.” 

The younger addressed the two older Wood Elves, embracing each of them warmly. Morfran noted the dignities were the She-Elf’s parents. The father was the next to speak.

“You should have come with us Derwena. Caerwyn is always so lovely this time of year. Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela were asking about you. And young Lord Ennion has grown into such a lovely Elf lad.”

Der-we-na, Morfran silently mouthed the syllables of her name. 

“Father, do you forget young Lord Ennion used to tease me fiercely and pull my braids?”

“Yes, well these are things that young Elves will do. I am quite sure he has grown out of it. You are both nearing maturity and you need to get over these childhood prejudices my dear Derwena. You are almost one hundred years old now.”

“Mother, will you not tell Father to stop,” Derwena pleaded with the older She-Elf. 

“My dear, I am with your father on this one. Lord Ennion would be a very suitable match and such a union would be of benefit to all Elf-kind.”

Morfran could see the resemblance between mother and daughter. They were both lithe of limb and there features were soft. The She-Elf, Der-we-na, had not inherited the sharp features of her father. Aside from the grey hair, a trait inherent in all Wood Elves, she bore little resemblance to the Elven Lord that sired her.

Morfran’s pulse quickened as one of the guard broke away from the security detail and approached the three Elven dignitaries. As the guard strode his eyes darted around, scanning the treeline and the nearby bush and brush. The guard’s eyes fell right on Morfran’s location and there they rested for a moment before he addressed the Elven high bloods, his voice abrupt and urgent. 

“My Lord, these woods give me an uneasy feeling this eve. Something just doesn’t feel right here. I would feel a lot more assured once you and your kin are safely back at Firth, or at least back on route. We’ve not much further to go.” 

So, the dignitary was indeed a High Blood, Morfran deduced that the Elven Lord was Prince Derfael, Lord of Firth. The older She-Elf must be the Prince’s consort, the Lady Rhoslyn and the young She-Elf, Derwena was their daughter. This information registered as pertinent and Morfran made a mental note. 

“Yes, yes, yes,” The Elven Lord said to the guard with a dismissive wave of his hand and the guard did as he was bade, returning to the ranks. The Elven Lord then turned to his daughter and spoke in soft parental tones. “You spend too much time picking flowers, my dear. Won’t you accompany us? We do so desire to talk to you.”

The young and beautiful She-Elf nodded compliance and along with her parents they joined the guards that waited patiently. The guard enfolded the three dignitaries and they continued there march to Firth. The voice of the Elven Lord trailed off in the distance as he continued to press the merits of a young Lord Ennion upon his daughter. Morfran remained utterly still and silent in the shadows as the Elves marched out of sight and on to Firth. 

Only when he was assured they indeed gone did Morfran relax. He swung down from his branch, stepped out of the shadows and stood where once the Elf-maid stood. He could still detect her essence upon the wind. Morfran knelt by her footprint to better examine it. If need be, in future, Morfran could now identify and track her by the impression her feet made upon the earth. Morfran rose to his feet and continued with his mission.

Der-we-na, Morfran mouthed the syllables.

He had found three spots where the Crisiant was neither too deep, nor the current too swift and in a pinch could be used to escape Elven territory. It was on his return journey two days later that he saw her again. He had almost forgotten about her. Derwena, the beautiful Wood Elf, in near the same spot as he first encountered her. Again, she was collecting Althaea. Again, Morfran found himself distracted. 

Morfran lingered much longer than he should have. The sun had begun to dip and he realized he had to make up for lost time. Rianon, no doubt anxiously awaited his report on the crossings. He wondered if he should tell Rianon about the off-spring of the Lord and Lady of Firth, who collects Althaea unattended and unguarded. Morfran knew that this was prized information. This Der-we-na could be a valuable bargaining chip. Rianon will reward me well, Morfran thought, but there was still a part of him that wanted to keep Derwena secret. 

Instead of taking the safer route to the north, Morfran struck out into the heart of Elven territory and made haste for Darryn. He chased thoughts of the Elven Princess from his mind, knowing he would need every bit of his concentration to avoid detection and capture. Still, his thoughts drifted to that beautiful Wood-Elf he saw by the river’s bank picking Althaea. It was as though her image was burned upon his mind and her name was engraved upon his soul, Der-we-na.

Morfran waded across the Glasnant and once on the other side he could move in the open. He entered Darryn by one of the eight secret tunnels that sprawled out beneath the Iron Hills. He made his way to his private chambers to freshen up before reporting to the Queen. 
Chapter Six

“Spider silk glistens with dew,
Soft as gossamer, stronger than steel,
In the lure lay the trap.”
The Dark Texts


The underground complex of Darryn was designed in much the same fashion as the ancient city of Sion. Both had been laid out like a spider, two major segments, one that served as the temple and the larger section that housed the tens of thousands of Drow that had come to exist. Eight tunnels sprawled from the walls of the temple, each in different directions, surfacing in strategic locations through-out the Iron Hills. It had taken the Drow one thousand years to construct Darryn complete with secret passages and booby-traps. The Drow architects and those who worked on the secret tunnels had been killed and buried in the walls to protect their secrets.

The head of the spider complex was the Drow Queen’s private quarters. The Drow Queen served as High Priestess of the Cult of the Spider, the Drow religion. The Drow followed in the footsteps of Lolth, the first High Priestess and Queen, who could assume the form of the Great Spider at will. None since had accomplished that feat. Not even Rianon.

Rianon knelt at the altar in her chambers and digested the information Morfran had delivered. Her Master of Spies had identified three places where the Crisiant could be crossed with relative ease. The Master of Spies had also reported that the Daughter of Firth, the daughter of Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn, often picked flowers by the river’s edge. Morfran had reported that the Elven Princess appeared to have made a routine of collecting Althaea and her parents were foolish enough to permit her to do this without placing guard upon her. Rianon determined how this new development could aid her plan. 

An Elven Princess in the pocket could be beneficial, Rianon thought to herself. Adjustment would have to be made to accommodate her. It would be far too dangerous and unnecessarily risky to traipse clear across Elven territory with a prisoner. It might draw attention away from our faint and that would not be good. We are banking on the indifference of the Elves. But if we took her west, we could hold her in Talmal and Elven eyes would be shifted elsewhere.

Rianon stood touched a stone and the wall in the alcove slid to the side to reveal the secret passage. Rianon stepped into the dark roughly cut corridor and the false wall slid shut behind her. She did not require torch light to navigate the passages, she could in fact do it blind-folded. She used these secret tunnels often. The main passage had several offshoots, each arriving elsewhere in Darryn. Rianon did not have far to go. She arrived at an alcove off the main secret passage that had two eye slits cut into the rock that separated the passage from the temple. 

Myfanwy was delivering the Service of the Spider. Myfanwy was one to keep an eye on. Rianon watched from the slits as her young acolyte recited from the Sacred Scrolls. At seventy-five, Myfanwy was at that age of adolescence for a Drow. Soon she would be of breeding age. Her body had matured quite beautifully, but she was still prone to childish outbursts. Rianon had guided this young Priestess by the hand. Rianon had seen potential in the young acolyte and wanted to see personally to Myfanwy’s education. 

Myfanwy read from one of the texts that were salvaged when Sion fell. Less than one hundred Drow had escaped into the Iron Hills, most were the priestesses and acolytes of Lolth, the rest were the small detail of guards assigned to protect them. They took with them only what they could carry.

From her secret vantage point, Rianon could see everything, including the lust that burned in the eyes of her army of assassins as they listened, mesmerized by Myfanwy’s dark beauty. They lusted for blood and they lusted for the pretty young Drow on the dais conducting the Ceremony of the Spider. Myfanwy had a lilt hiss to her voice that seductively caressed the ancient words. Her thin arms and delicate hands gestured with the flow of water. Her dark complexion, thin black lips and long flowing white hair was the epitome of Drow beauty. 

Yes, this one is special, Rianon thought. She will have to be mated sooner, rather than later and no ordinary seed will do. Only the best seed will be considered for this one. Arian, or perhaps Morfran, maybe even Cadfeal might be suitable candidates.

“Children of Lolth, go forth and bathe in the blood of thine enemy,” Myfanwy concluded the ceremony saying the words with perfect pitch. 

Rianon watched from the slits in the wall as the young acolyte stepped back and down from the dais and disappeared through a passage behind the platform, long black silks and flowing white hair trailing behind her and out of sight. The throng that had gathered in the temple for the Service of the Spider had begun to disperse, returning to their duties. 

Rianon stepped back from the eye slits and returned to her chamber by the same route she had come by. She resisted the temptation to look in on Morfran from the secret eye slits that spied upon his chamber. It occurred to Rianon that Morfran would be perfect stock for Myfanwy. She arrived at the false wall of her chamber. There was no seam, or sign of the secret door. Rianon touched a stone and the wall slid open. Rianon stepped into her chamber and the wall behind the altar closed.

A guard brought Rianon her evening meal. Rianon inspected the food and determined it was safe for consumption. When the guard had left her, Rianon proceeded to lightly lace her meal with various poisons. Exposing the unborn child developing in her womb to small doses of poison would build resistance to those poisons. The fetus would absorb the poisons in the nutrient mother provided and would therefore be born immune to most commonly used poisons.

Rianon picked and nibbled at her plate. She didn’t have much of an appetite, but she ate anyway. Her mind wandered to the Elven Princess in Morfran’s report. Rianon was trying to determine how this information could be best used to aid the Drow in the retaking of Sion. When she had finished eating she summoned the guard to take her empty plate. As the guard was leaving Rianon spoke in an authoritative voice.

“Summon Lord Arian, Cadfeal and Cadfrawd, they are to report to my quarters.”

“Yes, my Queen,” The guard responded without looking back. 

Alone again in her chambers, Rianon made preparations for receiving her advisors. She had a very important task for each of them. Rianon was methodically moving forward with implementing her plan. All the ground work had been laid. It was time to put things into motion. There was very little room for error. Each of her advisors would have to follow her instructions to the letter if they were to succeed. Rianon’s mind wandered again to the Elven Princess, there must be some way she could use this information to their advantage. She also wondered if she should not just reward Morfran right then with Myfanwy and strike down two birds with one stone, but there would be time to think of that later. At the moment she couldn’t allow herself to be distracted from the details of the plan as they were.

Cadfeal and Cadfrawd arrived together, promptly upon the hour. Rianon regarded the similarities between the two Drow. She wondered if the two had ever considered their paternity. Though the two had different mothers, their father was the same. The traits of Prince Maelgad were all over these two. The former Prince had so generously donated his seed to the cause and with much pleasure in doing so. The acolytes that had mated with Maelgad were ordered to bare only males, his female heir would be reserved for Rianon herself. Her hand subconsciously moved over her womb, fingertips lightly touching her stomach.

Cadfeal and Cadfrawd had been trained in the art of detailed observation and they saw the Queen’s hand move over her tummy. They exchanged a knowing glance, the Queen is with child, are the words their eyes spoke, confirming their suspicions of the seemingly innocuous gesture. Rianon read their expressions and she realized they had recognized her condition. She made a note to herself to be more conscious of the concealment of her pregnancy. 

“If either of you breathe word of my condition I will have you killed,” Rianon hissed as the flames that burned in her eyes grew fierce. 

Both Cadfeal and Cadfrawd could feel the venom in her voice and their blood ran cold because of it. Though they were both accomplished assassins, soldiers and spies, both knew their Queen and High Priestess was the most deadly of the Drow. The Queen had to kill to ascend to the throne and she had killed to remain seated in power. She was ruthless. She may not have been as physically imposing as males were, but she was far quicker and far more cunning. Beneath her raiment, Rianon concealed dart and dagger dripping with poison, all at her fingertips and she was expert in the use of each. The Priestesses of Lolth were not as docile as the name would imply. Even the beginning acolyte could easily defend their selves and the guard that protected them were mostly for ceremonial purposes.

Neither Cadfeal, nor Cadfrawd wanted to be among the dead that littered the wake of the Dark Queen’s passage. Neither would ever utter a word of the Queen’s delicate condition. Both Drow remained silent and waited for the Queen to speak.

Rianon had grown impatient waiting on Lord Arian to arrive. She determined she would deal with his impetuousness and insolence later. She turned her attention to the two Drow that stood stiff as oaks before her.

“Now for the reason I have called for you two,” Rianon addressed Cadfeal and Cadfrawd. “I have a special assignment for each of you which you are to carry out to the letter. Do you understand me?”

“Yes, my Queen,” the two Drow replied in unison. 

“First, Cadfeal,” Rianon spoke addressing her Captain of the Guard. “You are to return to our allies in Adrika. You are going to be my eyes, my ears and my arm in the west. When I send you word, you will lead the Orcish hoard across the Glasnant. You will bypass the Human city of Trevelyan, it is too well defended. You will make straight for Demelza, a farming village of the Human scum that lay between Trevelyan and Halldor. You will burn Demelza to the ground and kill every standing Human. There are to be no survivors. After you have accomplished this, you will proceed to the Iron Hills following the banks Glasnant, north of Lake Cemlyn. There you will lead the Orc against the Dwarf, attacking from their flank and rear while we give them a warm reception here in the Iron Hills. Do you understand what you are to do Cadfeal?”

“Yes, my Queen.” Cadfeal answered sharply.

“There is to be no deviation,” Rianon stressed, even though she herself had deviated from her original plan having just then realizing a use for the Elven Princess. The original plan called for Cadfeal to first assemble the Kobold in Talmal and then to Adrika to join with the Orc, but Rianon had decided in that moment to abduct the Elven Princess and hide her among the Kobold. Morfran, after he abducted the Princess could lead the Kobold across the Crisiant. Surely Prince Derfael would lower the defences of Firth for the life of his daughter. 

“Now Cadfrawd,” Rianon spoke addressing the other Drow in the room. “Since you have proven a capable replacement for Cadfeal during his previous absence from his post, I will now be installing you as the permanent Captain of the Guard. You will be charged with the security and defences of Darryn. Do you feel capable of this undertaking?”

“Yes, my Queen,” Cadfrawd said while his mind swirled around benefit and consequence of this promotion. 

“Good,” Rianon said, still addressing Cadfrawd solely. “Then your first duties are to relieve Cadfeal of his command and then you are to recall all the scouting patrols and prepare Darryn for siege. You will report directly to me from here on out, this is a privilege your predecessor did not have, but these are dire times and I will have to oversee each detail if we are to succeed in returning to our rightful home.”

“My Queen, if I recall all our scouts how will we get the reconnaissance intelligence we will need to defend Darryn?” Cadfrawd protested. 

“Lord Arthfeal, the Bear King, will be providing us with the information we require.” Rianon said calmly, controlling the anger that boiled inside. I will let your insolence pass this once, Rianon thought. 

Cadfrawd marvelled at the Bear King’s duplicity in this affair. The news did not surprise Cadfeal, who had negotiated with the Savage Lord. When negotiations had hit a snag, Cadfeal killed three of Arthfeal’s children and made it appear as though they had been murdered by a Dwarven hunting party, but not just any hunting party, the hunting party of King Thorvaldr himself. With revenge in his heart, Arthfeal swore allegiance to Rianon so long as he could quench his thirst for Dwarven blood. 

“If you have no more questions, then you will see to your new duties and carry out my instructions to the letter,” Rianon spat out the words.

Cadfrawd realized he had crossed a line with the Queen and made a mental note not to question her. Neither Cadfeal, nor Cadfrawd had any questions to pose, or questions they would dare pose so their audience with the Queen was over. Rianon dismissed them and they left her chambers as they had arrived, together. 

They walked in stride down the corridor in silence, each knowing this could be the last time they saw each other. As they were about to turn down a passage Cadfrawd stopped and he spoke.

“I just wanted you to know, I have always thought of you as a brother.”

“As I have you,” Cadfeal said

Rianon received Lord Arian later that evening and she expressed her displeasure with the Drow Lord.

“You abuse your station, Lord Arian and you try my patience doing so. Don’t make me regret installing you as my Master of Assassins,” She chastised the Drow Lord with the silver hair as he stood, eyes cast downward

“My Queen, again my apologies for being delayed, it couldn’t be helped,” Lord Arian, head bowed, lied through his teeth, he did not bow his head in shame, but to hide the anger in his eyes at being chastised. 

“Next time I will not be so forgiving.”

“There won’t be a next time, my Queen.”

“Very well Lord Arian, now for why I called for you. I want you to go to Caerwyn and ensure the traitor carries out his obligation to us the moment word reaches Lord Cyndeyrn’s ear that the Iron Hills are under siege. There must be no delay, or deviation, the traitor must strike precisely at that moment and if he doesn’t you are to do the deed yourself.”

“What of the traitor after he has completed his task?” Lord Arian inquired.

“As I promised, he would be reunited with his family. You will escort him to Darryn where he will be the special guest of Dwyryd, my Master of Tortures.”

“How delicious the reward and deserving of a traitor.”

“Yes, well there are some fates worse than death and I am sure that Dwyryd will provide him with just such a fate, as you will should you fail me Arian.”

“My Queen, your will be done, I shall not fail you, be assured,” Lord Arian said and bowed low before leaving the Queen’s quarters. 

Entering the Elven citadel of Caerwyn undetected would be no easy feat, but it was one Lord Arian had already accomplished, but he had never attempted to do so while tensions ran so high. Only Morfran had been in the heart of Elven territory since Cadfrawd had beheaded the Dwarven prospectors. Word of that attack must have reached its way back to Lord Cyndeyrn’s ear meaning the Elf would be more vigilant. Lord Arian wondered if Rianon was not sending him on a suicide mission.


Chapter Seven

“Drider, Drider, fanged, eight legged fright
Craves blood with such ferocious appetite
I pray that you pass by my door tonight”
Children’s Prayer, The Oral Traditions


Prince Maelgad’s bonds were cut and he was left naked in a crumpled heap just north of Lake Cemlyn, west of the Iron Hills. He was discarded there by Lord Arian and his guard. Maelgad’s blood boiled and his flesh burned and the fire behind his eyes raged in his skull. Muscle and sinew felt like it was being torn to shreds by a pack of rabid wolves. 

Prince Maelgad recalled a text he once saw depicting a man strapped to a wheel being rolled down hill. He found himself envying the man in the diagram. Maelgad had observed many tortures in his day and had derived great pleasure from watching Dwyryd, the Master of Tortures, as he plied his trade. No torture he had borne witness to could compare to the agony he experienced at that moment.

Prince Maelgad attempted to rise to his feet, but collapsed writhing in pain. He let out a horrific cry that echoed in the night. He crawled upon his belly, dragging himself only a few inches. Each movement was agony. Maelgad prayed for Lolth to take him, but he did not die, nor did the pain cease, if possible, it only seemed to get worse with each passing moment. He would have cursed Rianon, but the pain did not allow him to form words, the only sound issued from his twisted lips were tormented screams and mutilated cries. He again attempted to crawl and again only managed a couple of inches. The effort was too much for Maelgad and again everything went black.

Prince Maelgad awoke, the sun had gone down and risen. He was still in the throes of agony. His vision was blurred from the pain. The sun was hot upon his flesh. Again he tried to rise to his feet and couldn’t. Again he attempted to drag his body along the ground toward the shade of nearby trees. His progress could be measured in inches. 

While attempting to crawl, Maelgad noticed the flesh of his arms and hands and his entire body for that matter, was covered in fine black hairs. What new devilry is this? He wondered. 

He managed to drag himself to the shade of an oak that stood not far from where Arian had left him, but it took him the better part of the day to do so. The pain from the effort was excruciating. He had not been long in the shade of the oak when again he lost consciousness.

When next Maelgad regained consciousness it was to a fit of seizures. White light burned in his skull. Every joint felt like it was being pulled from its socket. The agony was intolerable. Maelgad felt as though he was being torn apart, from the inside out. Pain drove Maelgad to madness and he clutched at his scalp, pulling his long white hair out by the roots in handfuls. The white light that burned in his skull went black and again he lost consciousness. 

As Maelgad lay unconscious, his body began to swell and his abdomen became grossly distended. His legs withered and fell from his body and six boney appendages had begun to sprout, each covered with cuticle and fine short black hair. The appendages became legs and his bloated stomach continued to distend, growing larger and larger. His abdomen had divided into two segments. The smaller segment joined his swollen abdomen to his torso. His upper half remained unchanged except for the black fine hair that now covered his entire body, but not his face, nor his head. From his jaw, in the corners of his mouth, protruded two large hinged fangs curved inward. His face was otherwise unchanged by the transformation.

Maelgad awoke feeling strange. The pain had subsided somewhat, but it was still there. It had become a sort of ghostly pain, one that would continue to haunt him like a hurtful memory, always there in the background. He saw his hair in bunches upon the ground and raised a hand to touch his bloody bald scalp. Maelgad attempted to rise to his feet and rise he did, but they were not his feet, they were not his legs. It was then Maelgad realized that from the waist down he was a spider. He still had his old arms, but his old shriveled legs lay on the ground and eight boney legs had taken their place.

Maelgad attempted to walk on his new legs and at first he found it awkward, but it did not take him long to master walking and he found he could actually travel much faster. He found the edge of Lake Cemlyn and gazed into the blue mirror of its waters that he may see himself. He was taken aback in horror, aghast at what he saw. 

What did the bitch do to me? Curse her, curse her, curse her to the bottom of the ninth pit of hell, Maelgad’s hand came down smack in the middle of the image of his face in the water. The impact distorted his reflection and he turned away from it seething in anger. 

“You will pay for this you vile bitch and you too Arian, you silver haired abomination, you will both pay for this,” Maelgad swore. 

He would have his revenge, but first he would need somewhere he could explore the limits of this new body in safety and secrecy. He knew the cure for whatever witchery this was lay in the abandoned crypt city of his ancestors, but he was not yet ready to venture north to Sion. Maelgad decided to head south, following the western shore of Lake Cemlyn. He was amazed with how swiftly his new legs carried him. He covered a large tract of ground before nightfall; almost three times the distance his old legs would have taken him.

With the moon high in the sky, Maelgad arrived just outside Hammit, the Human farming village and the last outpost on the route from Trevelyan to Halldor. As he passed one of the small farms on the outskirts of Hammit, Maelgad spotted a goat that had wandered a little too far. Maelgad was suddenly overcome with an insatiable hunger and thirst for blood. He found himself driven by the need to feed.

The goat, aware of Maelgad’s approach, bleated and ran back in the direction of the farm. Instinctively, Maelgad lurched into pursuit of the goat and quickly gained ground until he was upon the helpless creature. As he scurried on his eight legs aside the goat, Maelgad reached out and grabbed the goat, biting down upon its neck with his two massive fangs. The creature went limp, instantly paralyzed from the venom released from Maelgad’s fangs.

Maelgad rolled the goat beneath him, agily using his eight legs, spinning a cocoon around the limp animal. When the goat had been encased in silk Maelgad bit into the cocoon with his fangs and drank the warm blood of the still living creature. He drank until he had drained the goat of both life and blood. 

Feeding had dulled the ghostly pain that haunted him and had made him feel stronger. Maelgad continued to travel south, bypassing the sleepy hamlet of Hammit entirely. He made for the bluffs that overlooked the Great Blue. Maelgad knew there were many natural caves in the foothills north of the wall of rock and sheer drop off that stretched along and overlooked the entire southern shore of Brynmor. It was among those caves that Maelgad hoped to find refuge.

The sun was rising when Maelgad arrived at the series of caves that pock-marked the landscape before the earth fell off into the sea. He began inspecting the caves until he found a suitable cave. This cave would serve as home to Maelgad while he became accustomed to his new body. In the comfort of his cave, Maelgad made a mental note that he had covered the ground his old body would have taken near seven days in a mere two days. It became apparent to Maelgad that while his new body had many drawbacks, there were advantages to it. He would have to further explore and exploit those advantages. 

Maelgad remained in his cave, except when the need to feed drove him out to prey on the livestock of the nearby farms of Hammit. His thoughts were black and his mind was bent on revenge. He slept very little, his new body required very little sleep. He dedicated his time to practicing magic, concocting potions and poisons and plotting, ceaselessly plotting. He had imagined a thousand ways in which he would kill Rianon, but he had yet to think of a way to get close enough to exact his revenge. 


Chapter Eight

“And Lolth said:
‘Thou shalt feed thy lusts
And from them gather nutrient.’”
The Dark Texts


Morfran had been resting in his private quarters when one of the Queen’s messengers arrived. He had been summoned to the private chambers of the Queen and High Priestess. When the messenger had left him, Morfran began preparing for an audience with the Queen. Morfran had two sets of leathers, one for official business and one for the field. Morfran always felt more comfortable in his field leathers, which were well worn and faded. He neatly folded his field leathers and placed them in the chest at the foot of his bed. 

Morfran put on his ceremonial leathers, they felt stiff to him, which he knew was ridiculous because Drow leather was worked softer than silk. His hand nervously smoothed the red spider insignia on his chest. He was the Queens’s eyes and ears beyond Darryn and always reported directly to the Queen, but he always got nervous before an audience with her. Rianon was known to be unpredictable at times. 

He feathered his long white hair behind his ears with slim, dexterous fingers. He drew a deep breath and stepped out into the corridor. It was a rarity for the Queen’s Master of Spies to be seen walking the corridors of Darryn and his formal leathers kept him from blending in with the others. His rank and position was on display and the Drow he passed in the passages leading to the Queens quarters averted his eyes and avoided him. Morfran always felt uncomfortable in formal dress, it felt as though he had a giant target painted on his back.

The Master of Spies arrived at Rianon’s door and stood on the other side. He did his best to settle his nerves and then knocked in code upon the door. The hinges creaked ever so slightly as the heavy stone door swung open and the Queen stood on the opposite side, a devious smile upon her lips and a soft red glow filling the room behind her.

“My dear Morfran, how anxiously we have been awaiting you,” Rianon said with hints of affection in her voice.

“Am I late my Queen?” Morfran inquired

“No. no, you’re right on time, no sooner or later than you needed to be,” Rianon said as she stepped to one side and motioned Morfran to fully enter her chamber.

Morfran stepped across the threshold and into the warm red glow. Once inside the Queen’s quarters, Morfran realized that he and the Royal High Priestess were not alone. There was another in the room. A young beautiful priestess in long black flowing robes spun of the finest spider silk stood behind the Queen. 

Rianon moved behind the young acolyte to give Morfran full view of the girl. Rianon saw the fires of lust flash in Morfran’s eyes and that was the cue she was waiting for. She place her hands on the shoulders of the young Drow priestess. Rianon spoke, the hiss of her tongue caressing the consonants. 

“Absolutely delicious, isn’t she? Regard; look at her beautiful dark complexion without blemish. See the spark in her eyes. See the lilt of her limbs.”

As Rianon spoke she slid the gown from the shoulders of the young priestess and it fell to the chamber floor. Rianon guided the acolyte’s slender arms parallel to the ground. Her hands glided across the young acolytes figure and came to rest upon her hips. Rianon allowed Morfran to drink in the beauty of this black rose. 

Rianon’s hands slipped from the priestess’s hips and she stepped around the young Drow and then around Morfran, tracing a finger along his sinewy shoulders. Rianon come to stand between Morfran and Myfanwy. Rianon’s nails grazed the blazing red spider upon the chest of her Master of Spies. She leaned into him and whispered in his ear. Her breath was warm and moist.

“She can be yours, your reward…if you but complete one more task for me,” Rianon allowed the words to hang in the air before turning to address the young acolyte behind her. “You may leave us now Myfanwy. I have important matters to discuss with our Master of Spies.”

The young Drow priestess retrieved her robe from the floor and put it on before leaving. Morfran was unable to take his eyes off of her. He found Myfanwy every bit as comparable in beauty to the fair Wood Elf he had spied out near Firth, as different as they were in their beauty. The only sound in the soft red glow of the Queen’s chambers was the swish of Myfanwy’s dress as the door shut behind her. Once alone, Rianon continued to speak, but her tone this time was all business.

“As you can see Morfran, I am offering you a King’s ransom as a reward for your next task, but first you must complete that task to my satisfaction. Once you have done so you will be deserving of such a worthy prize. Myfanwy is no ordinary acolyte; she is one who is destined to lead. My dear Morfran, think of what it is I am offering you. I am offering you the opportunity to establish a bloodline. Bloodlines are something few Drow can lay claim to since the exodus. You will be a Prince when the Drow have been rightfully restored upon the throne of Sion. You will have daughters to carry on your name. The house of Morfran will become one of power, prestige and pedigree. Lolth always rewards those who are loyal to her,” Rianon paused to let the weight of her words sink in.

Rianon watched her Master of Spies as he digested what she had just said. She could see ambition take root in his eyes as he contemplated her offer of power, position and of course the opportunity of being concubine and consort to the beautiful Myfanwy. When she perceived that he had been sufficiently tempted by the prospects of such a reward, she continued to speak.

“All you need do to reap your reward is to abduct this Elven Princess you spoke of in your report. You are to take her to Talmal, on the western bank of the Crisiant. She is not to be harmed, unless I order it. Do you think you can do this?”

“Yes, my Queen, if my assessment is correct, the daughter of Firth is left unattended while she picks Althaea. It’s should be relatively easy to subdue her,” Morfran said with a great degree of certainty. 

“Good,” Rianon said as she picked up a scroll from a nearby table. She handed it to Morfran and added, “You are to leave this ransom note where it will be found and taken to Prince Derfael.”

“Consider it done, my Queen,” Morfran said tucking the scroll into a secret compartment in his leather tunic. 

“Good…now, once you have secured the Princess among the Kobold in Talmal you will wait for your orders to arrive from Cadfeal. He will send you instruction and at that time you will lead the Kobold under Maluch across the Crisiant and take Firth. When Firth has fallen, you will move on to Kendal where the Kobold will be combined with the Orc under Cadfeal’s command and our own forces under Cadfrawd. Cadfeal will assume command of the joined forces, relieving you and freeing you to collect your reward.”

“My Queen, I am a spy, not a captain, or general,” Morfran began to protest, but Rianon cut him short.

“Yes, well, ideally I would send Cadfrawd in your place, but I require his skills here in Darryn to command our defences. If you cannot do this, then I will just have to find a replacement and much the shame that would be for the dear Myfanwy, because I doubt my third choice would be worthy of her and I would really have no choice but to offer her to Lord Arian and install him as a Prince once Sion has been re-taken.”

Again, Rianon let silence do its work. She knew that Morfran was among those Drow that believed that Lord Arian, with his silver hair, was an abomination. She knew the thought of Arian being the concubine of the beautiful Myfanwy would be distasteful to her Master of Spies. Rianon knew that the male Drow could be easily manipulated with sex as well as playing to his vanities and ambitions. Rianon knew the mention of Lord Arian would only fuel the jealousies that already existed. Rianon detected a shiver run through Morfran.

The thought of Lord Arian crawling atop Myfanwy made Morfran’s flesh crawl and he tried to drive the image from his mind. The thought of calling Arian “Prince” was one Morfran could not tolerate. The silver haired abomination was already arrogant enough in Morfran’s mind.

Morfran was a Drow of some ambition, having risen to the station of the Queen’s Master of Spies so young; he knew there was little chance of him rising any higher. If there was any opportunity it would be in the restoring of the Drow bloodlines and returning to the old ways. Being the concubine of a priestess of Myfanwy’s obvious talents would have its benefits. A union with one of the Queen’s favourite acolytes would indeed make him a Prince. 

Morfran had glimpsed in Myfanwy potential and ambition. Being her concubine would only be second to being the Royal Consort of the Queen and Rianon had sworn before all Drow-kind when she ascended to the throne that she would never take a concubine.

So she intends to restore the bloodlines of the ancients, but all those lines were severed when Sion fell. The ancient lineages were put to the sword when Sion fell. The Queen means to establish a new Drow aristocracy. If she is successful, if she re-takes Sion, if I carry out this simple task I will be a Prince. I will be Prince Morfran, consort of the beautiful Myfanwy. Rianon’s voice intruded upon Morfran’s thoughts.

“You must trust me in this, my dear Morfran. I have chosen you because I believe you capable, I see in you abilities that you have not yet recognized. You have never let me down as my Master of Spies and I know that you will not let me down in this little matter,” Rianon’s voice dripped sweet and syrupy as she tried to convince Morfran that he had her complete confidence.

“Yes, my Queen. I shall do as you bade me to do,” Morfran nodded. He would accept the Queen’s mission. He would kidnap the Elven Princess and then lead the Kobold forces and he would be a Prince. 

“My dear Morfran, you are indeed truly one of Lolth’s favourite children. Now you must make haste. I am sure Myfanwy anxiously awaits the return of her Prince,” Rianon said and waved her hand dismissively signalling their meeting had concluded.

Morfran left the chambers of the High Priestess and returned to his own quarters. Once in the privacy of his own room he stripped off his ceremonial leathers, folded them and placed them in the trunk at the end of his bed. He put on his faded field leathers and immediately felt more comfortable. He looked at his neatly folded dress leathers and was reminded that being a Prince would mean much more time wearing them. He remembered the ransom note and retrieved it from the secret compartment in his tunic before refolding the garment and placing it back in the trunk. 

Morfran went through the mental checklist he had made, this he did every time before setting out on a mission. His belt and leathers had several compartments and Morfran’s fingertips touched each to ensure that he had all the essentials. The Drow carried two primary blades, the Death Dealer and the Fang of Lolth. Morfran strapped the longer blade, his Death Dealer, across his back. The shorter blade, the Fang of Lolth, Morfran kept in an ankle sheath. Holstered on his hip was a small, handheld crossbow. Morfran carried several darts coated in poison. 

The Drow coated all their weapons with poison. There were many more exotic poisons Morfran could use, but the staple of Drow poisons, a combination of blood, urine, fecal matter and night root, usually proved sufficient. Morfran retrieved a small box from the trunk that held his ceremonial leathers and from the box he selected a vial from the many vials contained in the box. He replaced the box in the trunk and put the vial in a compartment in his leathers. In the same compartment Morfran put several clean darts, darts that had not been doused with poison.

Morfran ran through his mental checklist a second time and when he was sure he had everything he left his chamber. He left Darryn by the most northwesterly exit. By nightfall he had already crossed the Glasnant and was once more in Elven territory. 


Chapter Nine

“The Orc are the oldest of the Races
Living on the average fifteen-hundred to two thousand years
The average lifespan of Elf and Drow
Is between one thousand and twelve-fifty
Kobolds live an astonishing five hundred years
Dwarves, half of that
And Humans half that of the Dwarves”
The Scroll of Life


Trevelyan had been built during the reign of Denzil, the first of the Human Kings. It had been erected to stand guard against the Orc, who had been driven into the Barren Lands west of the Glasnant. Trevelyan had been constructed in the Dwarven fashion, except that it stood above the ground and not below it. Dwarven craftsmen had worked the stone, carved the columns and erected the arched vaulted ceilings of the castle keep. 

King Llyarch descended from a long line of Kings; his lineage could be traced all the way back to Denzil the First. Llyarch was advanced in years and his days as King were coming to a close. Fifty years of sitting on the throne had worn on him and he was feeling old. Llyarch’s reign had been a peaceable one, but he had done nothing to distinguish himself from his forefathers. 

King Llyarch deeply desired to have the histories remember him. He did not want to be remembered as another in a long line of honorable, but unremarkable Kings. He wanted his rule to leave a statement, a testament of his glory. He wished to leave a legacy other than seven daughters and a son. 

King Llyarch sired his son late in life with his second wife, the much younger Ienipa, whom he married following the death of his first wife. Llyarch was sixty-five when his son and heir, Tremain was born. Tremain was approaching fifteen years of age and only he and the youngest daughter, Eseld, remained in the Royal Household. Eseld was two years older than Tremain and she was the first of the children from the King’s second marriage. The five daughters of his previous union had been married off to the sons of good families, each given a handsome dowry.

King Llyarch held court in the great hall of Trevelyan every day between the midday and evening meals. Each day the King would receive petitioners, hear their complaints and rule upon them. The people of Hammit and Demelza would travel to Trevelyan to have their grievances heard by the King. Each day the King would resolve the often petty disputes of his people, mostly uninteresting stuff, land claims and matter of cattle. How the King longed for someone to bring news of something significant.

It was five days after the attack on the Dwarven prospectors in the Iron Hills when Agmund, the royal messenger and envoy between the races of Dwarf and Man, arrived in Trevelyan. Agmund served as messenger between the Kings, as had his father and his father and his father before that, going back to the days of Denzil the First and Folkvar the Great.

Agmund rode a chestnut colored charger. As he approached the gate a guard stepped out from the guardhouse to greet him. Penwyn, the guard captain, recognized Agmund and ran from the guardhouse to intercede the other guard. Penwyn knew it was not wise to delay the royal messenger and so Agmund was allowed to pass without having to answer all the standard questions. Agmund and Penwyn exchanged a nod and the royal messenger rode through the streets of the walled city until he came to the palace proper, there he dismounted and tied up his horse. 

The guards at the door allowed Agmund to pass and he entered the great hall of King Llyarch. A long green carpet ran the length of the polished marble floor. On either side of the carpet large columns, trimmed in gold leaf rose from floor to the painted arched ceiling. Between the pillars members of the royal guard stood like statues, each armed with polearms. The green carpet ended a few feet short of a raised dais. Four thrones sat upon the dais, each crafted in gold. One throne was larger and upon that throne sat King Llyarch. To the King’s right sat his son, Tremain and to the King’s left, the Queen. Eseld sat left of the Queen. Agmund walked past the line of petitioners. He approached the dais and interrupting a dispute between two farmers, he spoke.

“My Lord King Llyarch, I bring urgent word from King Thorvaldr. We must speak in private immediately.” 

The creases of Llyarch’s brow deepened. The lack of ceremony displayed by Agmund disturbed the King. King Llyarch could not recall any other time in which a royal messenger had interrupted court. The King used hand signals to communicate with the guard nearest the throne and the guard stepped forward and announced that the King had finished holding court for the day. 

As the petitioners were being cleared from the throne room, King Llyarch rose wearily from his throne, which was becoming more difficult with each passing day. Soon the day would come when the King would no longer be able to rise without aid. The King motioned Agmund to follow. Tremain, learning the art of governing from his father, shadowed the King. Llyarch led them to an antechamber off the throne room. The room was bare except for a table an six chairs. The King sat at the head of the table, Tremain sat silent and attentive on the King’s right. Llyarch gestured for Agmund to take a seat.

“We are in private, you may speak now, deliver your message.” King Llyarch said keeping the fatigue he felt from his voice.

“My Lord King, a Dwarven party was attacked on the outskirts of the Iron Hills. Thorvaldr, Lord of Mount Halldor request you send men and arms to aid in dispatching a dark threat that casts it’s shadow upon the land. The King Thorvaldr wishes to rid these lands of the scourge of cutthroats, butchers and thieves that infest them,” Agmund spoke in his most official tones.

King Llyarch contemplated a long while before speaking.

“This does seem like a Dwarven matter.”

“My Lord King, the Dwarven Lord, Thorvaldr has instructed me to explain to you that without new sources of ore trade between our peoples will stop flowing. That means no more gold, no gems, no silver, no steel. That ore lay in the Iron Hills,” Agmund spoke as Thorvaldr had instructed him.

“I know what it means,” King Llyarch snapped.

“My Lord King, I humbly apologize. I only deliver the words as Lord Thorvaldr specifically instructed I do. The Lord under the mountain requests that you send five thousand of your best fighting men.”

“Father, that’s nearly our entire army,” Tremain blurted out, breaking his silence.

“Tremain, you are here to listen and learn, not to speak. There is only one King here,” Llyarch addressed his son and then turned his attention back to Agmund. “I must think on this more before responding. As my son has said, this request of Lord Thorvaldr’s would leave us with very little to defend ourselves should the need arise. You will return in the morning and you will have my answer.”

Agmund realized his audience was over. He rose to his feet, bowed low and left the King and his son in the antechamber. Llyarch had already decided he would send Thorvaldr his men, but he did not want to seem too compliant with the demands of the Dwarf Lord. Llyarch decided to test his son.

“Tell me son, if you were King, would you send Thorvaldr the five-thousand men he asks for?”

“Father, I would not send them,” Tremain said trying to sound surer than he felt.

“And why would you deny the King of Dwarves his request?”

“Father, if we send Lord Thorvaldr the five thousand men he asks for there would be less than one thousand men to man our defences. We would risk too much sending such a force so far from our walls.”

“You are right Tremain, there is much risk in sending our forces so far from our walls, but I say to you the risk is greater if we don’t comply and send Thorvaldr the army he requests. We rely upon trade with the Dwarves; our existence depends on upon it. We can live without the gold, the silver and the jewels, but steel and iron, these are things we need. Will Thorvaldr bare us grudge when he opens up the Iron Hills without our assistance. We do not want to be alienating the Dwarven Lord, my son. We have a friendship with the Dwarves and we do not want bitter feelings to fall between us, as has between us and the Elves. One day you will be required to make decisions such as these and when that day comes you cannot be short sighted. You must be able to see the grand scheme of things,” Llyarch allowed his words to register with the boy.

King Llyarch placed a hand upon his son’s shoulder and he rose to his feet. He rose easier than he had in years. The prospects of war and leading his troops into battle had rejuvenated the aged King. He could envision himself at the front of his army, leading the charge. Songs would be sung in honour of the victories the King would win. Llyarch’s mind composed the histories of battles that had yet to happen.

The King looked down on his son, who had remained seated. Tremain looked up at his father with admiration in his eyes. Llyarch saw his son was becoming more man than boy with each passing day.

Tremain had gotten used to these moments when his father would lose himself in thought. These occasions had become more frequent in recent days and they lasted longer. Age had begun to addle the old man’s mind, but Tremain was patient and waited for his father to return from wherever it was his mind went.

“You see, Tremain, our forefathers were not always so wise. When we Humans domesticated beast we offended the Elves. The Elves perceived our actions as an effrontery to Nature. The Kings of old did not listen to the Elven council. From that day forth there has been a division between Man and Elf. The Elves have turned their backs on us. If we alienate Thorvaldr now then we truly risk standing alone. If our alliance with the Dwarf falters we will be without ally to face the evils of this world. We cannot stand alone against the Orc and we would be hard-pressed to fend off the dog-men that live north of the wastelands, east of the Crisiant. You see my son, we really have no choice. We must send Thorvaldr his army.”

King Llyarch once again felt his age, fatigue returned to his joints and he longed to lay down and stretch out a bit before the evening meal. Tremain rose from his seat and escorted his father back to the King’s private chambers. Tremain’s mother, Ienipa, took over and assisted the King in lying down. The King closed his eyes and dreamt of the triumphs of faraway battles.


Chapter Ten

“The first Elves were the Aquatic Elves,
The Water Pixies of Lake Cemlyn
From the Aquatic Elf evolved the High Elf, the Wood Elf, the Savage Elf and the Drow”
The Elven Scrolls


The High Elves of Brynmor dwelled in the White Forest. Caerwyn, the city of the High Elf, was built in the days of the old alliances, before the Great War, before relations with the Dwarves and Humans became strained. The High Elf saw the other races as inferior and they perceived themselves as the rightful rulers of Brynmor. High Elf, Wood Elf, Dwarf, Orc, Drow, Human, Kobold, Savage Elves and mindless Beast, in that order, all were beneath them.

The High Elf was slightly fairer of skin than were their cousins, the Wood Elf. The High Elf also boasted of hair spun in the colors of copper, silver, gold and platinum. All Elves, except for the Drow, slept in branch and bough, beneath star and moon. Elven cities were open to the sky.

Totems were carved and arches were crafted from fallen trees, monoliths of stone were erected in a circle. Unlike Kendal and Firth, the outpost cities of the Wood Elf, which were simple in detail and design, Caerwyn was lavish. The craftsmanship was of the most delicate and intricate variety and each detail inlaid with gold leaf. Caerwyn was an Elven city of splendor, cradled in the arms of the Crisiant and the Glasnant in the lands they had purified for Elven-kind.

The High Elves of Caerwyn, all Elves for that matter, were ruled by the Great Lord Cyndeyrn and the Great Lady Hywela in unison. Elf-kind had always been governed by a Lord and Lady simultaneously. Elven bloodlines were ancient, preserved and well documented and any of the High Elven aristocracy could rise to hold the station of Great Lord and Great Lady. Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela had been elected to the office they held. As was the custom, Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela were chosen by ballot in which all Elven Lords and Ladies cast their ballot. The aristocracy of the Wood Elf were permitted to vote, but were not permitted to run a candidate of their own.

The Elven aristocracy did not hold court, they held council. They sat and they discussed their issues as equals. The Great Lord and Lady merely served as mediators when tensions ran high and tempers flared. Elves, especially their aristocracy, were an emotional lot. The Great Lord and Lady were respected by all Elf-kind and they ensured matters of council were conducted with decorum and dignity and that the old customs were observed and respected.

Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela had bonded since they were in their hundreds. He was one hundred and twenty five and she was one hundred and seventeen. They had been together for almost a millennia. They had been together for so long that they could share thoughts without speaking. Never did one appear without the other. This was the way it was for the Elven aristocracy, who were free from the toils of the common Elf.

It had been well over a hundred years since last Awena, the Sage, walked in the White Forest, or visited with the High Elf of Caerwyn. She could not even remember the last time she requested a convening of council. She had neglected Caerwyn because of the constant politicking that took place among the Elven aristocracy. 

When Awena arrived in Caerwyn, she was brought before Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela, who greeted her warmly. After a brief exchange of pleasantries they spoke of more serious matters and Awena explained the purpose behind her visit.

“Lord Cyndeyrn, Lady Hywela, I have come to Caerwyn to request the convening of the Council of Elves. The Drow have resurfaced in the Iron Hills,” Awena said strait away hoping to avoid debate over the matter.

“The Drow…” Lady Hywela said.

“Yes, the Drow,  they executed a Dwarven party of prospectors in the Iron Hills sending one Dwarf back to Thorvaldr with the message, ‘The Iron Hills belong to the Drow,’” Awena interjected.

“You must be mistaken, Wise One, the threat of the Drow were eliminated at the conclusion of the Great War. Lolth and her followers lay buried in the ruins of Sion,” Lord Cyndeyrn spoke dryly. 

“What if some managed to escaped?” Awena asked plainly.

“I guess it is possible, but it would have been no more than a handful,” Lady Hywela said.

“A handful of Drow five thousand years ago would be no more than a couple of hundred today. Really, no more than a nuisance and a headache,” Lord Cyndeyrn added. 

“Do you believe the Drow would act so openly, that they would expose themselves thus if they were as weak as you suggest?” Awena asked pointedly.

“I suppose they wouldn’t,” Lord Cyndeyrn said.

“Will my request that Council be convened be granted,” Awena pressed.

“We will send summons to all the Lords and Ladies of the Elven Realms. Word must be sent to Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn in Firth and Lord Onllwyn and Lady Ameldha in Kendal and they will have to make the journey to Caerwyn. Council will convene in a fortnight,” Lady Hywela said and smiled.

Awena did not care to wait for a fortnight in Caerwyn; instead she crossed the Glasnant and made for Lake Cemlyn hoping to find Lord Arthfeal of the Savage Elves. Perhaps the Lord of Bears would know something others didn’t. It had been over a thousand years since last a Sage encountered one of the Savage Elves. The Savage Elves were worshipers of the ancient Gods and they did not interact with the other races.

Awena followed the river’s edge as it bent to the north. She made for the caves north of Lake Cemlyn. It was in the caves north of Lake Cemlyn that Lord Arthfeal had made his home. Awena crossed a pasture that lay between the river and the lake. The Althaea grew sparsely on the south side of the Glasnant. She came across an area that had recently been disturbed, not far from the banks of Lake Cemlyn; she found bonds that had been severed. She did not know it, but she was standing in the spot where Lord Arian had left Prince Maelgad, his withered legs had been eaten by wild animals and there was no evidence of them.

Awena knelt to pick up the knotted hemp rope. Nearby she saw tracks, the likes of which she had not seen in a long while. Drider tracks headed south. This was not good. Awena shook her head and then she caught sight of it, out of the corner of her eye.

It was a large bear. Awena stood and faced the animal. She did not fear it, mastery of beast was one of the skills Sages acquired early on. The bear lumbered slowly toward her. It was larger than the average bear with thick auburn hair and small, beady onyx eyes. As it neared Awena it reared and began to walk on two legs. 

In three steps the bear had transformed into a fair Elven male with long auburn hair. Unlike other variety of Elf, this Elf also had hair upon his body, much like a Man, or a Dwarf did. Elf and Sage stood face to face and eye to eye even though he stood the height of an Orc. The Elf was the first to speak.

“Lady Awena.”

“Lord Arthfeal,” She replied.

“Why are you looking for me?” Arthfeal asked with a bit of a snarl in his voice.

“What makes you believe that I am looking for you?” Awena asked with a smile upon her lips.

“Why else would you venture into my neck of the woods?” Arthfeal was pointed with his words.

“You are correct, Lord Arthfeal, I have no other reason, I did indeed come hear hoping that I may find you. I have questions that need answering and I was hoping you might provide me with a few of those answers,” Awena thought better of playing with the Savage Lord and stuck to the direct approach.

“What right have you to come here and play inquisitor, Sage,” Arthfeal said with a degree of hostility in his voice.

Damn these Savage Elves and their unpredictable nature, Awena thought and then concentrated on honey-coating her next words with a charm spell.

“Lord Arthfeal…” But Arthfeal quickly cut her short.

“Your magic will not work on me witch! Save that for the simple-minded. You are not welcome in these parts. I will let you live this time, Awena, but do not try my sensibilities, or press your luck. It is not by chance alone that I have survived these many millennia. I am near as old as you and I too have acquired much knowledge over the years and powers you cannot imagine.”

Lord Arthfeal turned and began to walk away, as he did; he transformed back into a bear and dropped to all fours. The bear lumbered off into the east, in the direction of the caves north of Lake Cemlyn. 

Lord Arthfeal’s behaviour struck Awena as odd. She had known Arthfeal for thousands of years and while he was not particularly easy to get along with, he had never been openly hostile with her. This was a new side to Arthfeal, aggressive and dangerous, there must be some reason behind it and Awena had a sneaking suspicion that somehow the Drow were behind it.

Awena returned to Caerwyn the way she had come. She arrived the day before the conclusion of the fortnight. She spent the remainder of that day speaking at length with the aristocracy of the Elven Council, but she was distracted, as she was all the way back, with the peculiar behaviour of Lord Arthfeal. She would make no mention of her meeting with Arthfeal because of the Elves disdain for the Savage cousins.

Council convened after the morning meal the day after Awena returned to Caerwyn. All the Elven aristocracy were present. Grigor, the Wood Elf and secretary to Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela, took the minutes. Awena was the last to arrive, passing through one of the finely carved arches and stepping into the center of the monolith circle of stones. The mood of the Elven nobility was somber; they had been able to surmise from conversations the previous night that this was a gathering of ill-tidings. The Lords and Ladies stood in a circle around Awena and waited for the Sage to address them.

“I would like to thank you all for granting me the privilege to appear before this esteemed Council,” Awena began. “As I have explained to many of you in private conversation, an old foe has resurfaced. The Drow attacked a party of Dwarves in the Iron Hills and allowed one Dwarf to escape with his life that he may report to Thorvaldr that the Drow lay claim to the Iron Hills.”

“What concern is it of ours if a few Dwarves were attacked in the Iron Hills? It would seem to me that this is a Dwarven matter,” Prince Derfael interrupted and the other Elves present nodded their agreement.

“Indeed, Prince Derfael, or so it would seem, were it not the Drow that attacked the Dwarves. The Drow make it an Elven matter,” Awena asserted.

“The Drow were destroyed long ago, Lolth killed and the crypt city of Sion sealed beneath the ruins. Besides, if it were the Drow, they would not act so openly, they would not announce themselves.” Prince Derfael asserted.

“I agree with you Derfael,” Awena intentionally dropped the Elven Lords title from his name. “But because I agree that this is not consistent with the way the Drow have behaved in the past does not mean it is not the Drow, it only means they have changed the modus operandi.”

“If it was the Drow that attacked the Dwarves in the Iron Hills, which I doubt it was, there could not be that many of them. Thorvaldr and his Human pets have the forces to deal with whatever remnants there are left of the Drow. I don’t see any reason for Elven involvement,” Prince Derfael protested.

Awena found herself losing patience with the Lord of Firth. He seemed determined to impose his will upon Council. He would oppose Awena and assert himself each step of the way. He had gained confidence from the nods of agreement he had received and he felt emboldened. Awena was tempted to put him in his place, but instead pursued diplomatic resolutions.

“Lord Cyndeyrn, Lady Hywela, esteemed Council,“Awena ignored Prince Derfael’s last comment. “I implore you not to ignore history. The Elves owe a debt. It was the cruelty of your forefathers that abused and enslaved your cousins. It was Elf-kind that drove the Drow underground and forced them to work the mines. It was Elf-kind that made black the heart of the Drow and filled it with malice. I say to you that even if a single Drow survived the fall of Sion then that Drow is an Elven responsibility, regardless who that Drow attacks.”

The exchanges went back and forth between Awena and the Lords and Ladies of the Elven realms. Awena responded in kind to each query. The day passed, the sun set, the moon rose and still they debated. Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela remained silent through-out the proceedings. Lady Hywela stepped forward and spoke, breaking their silence only to conclude the Council.

“The Council has reached a consensus. As we have no real evidence that this is the Drow that have resurfaced in the Iron Hills we will remain neutral until such a time as proofs can be provided. Until such a time Lord Onllwyn and Lady Ameldha will double the guard along the bank of the Glasnant and keep an ever vigilant eye over the opposite bank and the forests beyond. Kendal and Firth will be refortified and remain at the ready in a state of preparedness and we shall send out scouts to scour the land.”

Grigor, the secretary of the Great Lord and Lady, read back the minutes. When he had finished the Elven nobility dispersed leaving Awena to stand alone in the ring of stone. She felt defeated. 

Damn Elven indifference, Awena cursed in thought.



When Council had concluded, Grigor, the Wood Elf, snuck off into the night unnoticed. Being the secretary of the Great Lord and Lady meant he could come and go without much scrutiny. He skulked through the white forest cautiously as not to draw attention. He constantly looked over his shoulder to make sure he wasn’t being followed. As he neared the banks of the Glasnant a shadowy figure stepped into his path.

The shadow lowered his hood and revealed his dark face framed by a mane of silver hair that shimmered in the moonlight.


Chapter Eleven

“The Truth is concealed in stealth and in shadow”
The Dark Texts


Cadfrawd, once a lieutenant under Cadfeal, was now Captain of the Guard. He had been fitted for a new set of leathers with the emblazoned red spider on his chest and a small red spider upon each shoulder. He tested the new leathers, stretching his joints; they were near as supple as his field worn leathers. The new leathers wore like a second skin.

Since being installed as Captain of the Guard, Cadfrawd had followed Rianon’s instruction and recalled all scouts. He did not feel completely comfortable carrying out this order. He would have slept much better were he to have Drow in the field. He reassigned the scouts, posting them at the eight secret entrances. He also tripled the usual guards at each post. Darryn was sealed tighter than a corked jug of wine.

Cadfrawd strode through the tunnels of Darryn and everywhere he went eyes averted him. In Drow society the Captain of the Guard was one of the most influential positions a male could hold. Master of Spies, Master of Assassins and Master of Poisons were the others. Cadfrawd assumed that since Lord Arian had been promoted to Master of Assassins and he had been promoted to Captain of the Guard, that Cadfeal had been promoted to the now vacant Master of Poisons. Cadfrawd took his duties seriously.

He made his rounds. Each day and night, he checked in on each of the posts that guarded each of the eight entrances. Darryn was a beehive of activity as it prepared itself for siege, but bustling Drow parted to let Cadfrawd pass. Cadfrawd turned down a passage that led to the most westerly way in, or out of the crypt city. Cadfrawd came to the guard post, fifty Drow were cramped in an area designed for no more than twenty guards.

Cadfrawd spoke briefly with the ranking guard. The guard reported all was well. Cadfrawd’s thoughts were not focused on the conversation. He was conscious of the time; he had a rendezvous that night. He was meeting with Lord Arthfeal, the great Bear King of the Savage Elves, for the first time. It was through Lord Arthfeal that the Drow would receive their intelligence for the foreseeable future. 

Cadfrawd finished up with the guard and proceeded to the designated meeting place. He did not know what to expect, until only recently he had believed the Bear King just a myth, a character from a children’s tale. Cadfrawd wondered if it was the same Lord Arthfeal mentioned in the ancient text, or if this was a descendant of the original Bear Lord. 

The entrances of Darryn did not have doors, but were concealed by magic. Cadfrawd felt a twinge of nervousness as he stepped out into the night air. He steadied his breathing and looked up at the moon and the stars. Cadfrawd crossed the small clearing outside the entrance and made his way to the meeting rock, which was in a nearby field. The rock was large and jutted out of the ground at a forty-five degree angle, pointing in the direction of the Glasnant and the Elven realms beyond. Cadfrawd fidgeted a little as he stood near the rock and waited for Lord Arthfeal. 

He did not like being exposed. His hand fell to the miniature crossbow holstered on his belt. This gave Cadfrawd some comfort as he stared out into the night. With the Iron Hills to his back and Lake Cemlyn in the distance Cadfrawd first saw it, far away and lumbering slowly toward him. Cadfrawd strained his eyes to see it, but it was still too far away to identify. 

Cadfrawd’s finger twitched over the trigger, but the small crossbow remained holstered, dangling at his hip. He could finally identify the beast that approached him. It was a large bear. Hide was too thick for darts to penetrate. Cadfrawd’s hand moved from the crossbow on his hip to the long sword sheathed and strapped to his back. He drew the blade and it shimmered in the starlit night. 

Just outside of striking distance, the bear rose from all fours to stand on his hind legs. Cadfrawd could not believe his eyes as the bear melted away and there stood an Elf, unlike any Elf Cadfrawd had ever seen before. The Elf stood naked, covered only with his own hair, which was thick, rich and auburn. For an Elf he was extremely thick muscled, broad in the shoulders, powerful looking and he towered over Cadfrawd.

“You can lower your sword. I will not harm you. I am Arthfeal,” the Lord of Bears introduced himself. 

Cadfrawd cautiously returned his sword to its sheath and slung it across his back. The Savage Elf began to circle Cadfrawd, who did not take his eyes off Arthfeal. Each sized up the other and each surmised differently. Still circling Cadfrawd, the naked Elf spoke once more.

“You look much the same as the last Drow I had dealings with, but you are not him.”

“I am Cadfrawd, Captain of the Guard.”

“Cadfrawd, Captain of the Guard, what happened to Cadfeal, Captain of the Guard?”

“He has been promoted. He is now Cadfeal, Master of Poisons,” Cadfrawd said assured of his own assumptions.

Arthfeal had stopped circling. The two stood face to face a few feet from each other.

“Very well, Cadfrawd, you can tell your Queen that Halldor has been a beehive of activity the last few days. The Dwarves are making preparations for war. I captured a messenger en-route from Trevelyan to Halldor and after some persuasion we learned that the Humans will be sending an army of five-thousand to aid the force Thorvaldr is mobilizing. You can also tell your Queen that the Sage, Awena, was snooping around these parts asking questions.” 

Cadfrawd swallowed hard when he heard the numbers reported to him, five thousand in addition to Thorvaldr’s forces. The Drow would be outnumbered if reinforcements didn’t arrive. The defences of Darryn would hold for a while, but they would be overrun eventually. Serious doubts about Rianon’s plan had begun to creep into Cadfrawd’s thoughts.

Lord Arthfeal did not wait for Cadfrawd to respond. He turned and dropped to all fours transforming back into bear form. He lumbered off the way he had come. Cadfrawd remained at the meeting stone and watched as Lord Arthfeal vanished into the woods at the edge of the clearing. 

Such a unique talent, being able to assume the form a beast, Cadfrawd wondered how many more were like Arthfeal. On the way back to Darryn, Cadfrawd processed the brief exchange between him and the Bear King. 

Cadfrawd entered Darryn and passed the guard post. He walked down the tunnel that led back to the main complex of the crypt city. He took no notice of the Drow that stepped out of his way as they went about their duties. His mind was raced, jumping from one thought to the next. The Dwarves assembling an army and preparing for war, a force of five thousand Humans are being leant to the Dwarven cause, what was the ancient one, Awena’s involvement in all of this? His mind worked to process all that Arthfeal had told him.

Cadfrawd tuned down one passage, turned down another and another. At the end of the corridor was a door. Two Drow stood guard outside the door and they became rigid upon sight of Cadfrawd. The Queen’s private guard were all deafened as a precaution and could only be communicated by signing. Cadfrawd signed the guards to stand easy and stepped between them. Cadfrawd identified himself with a series of knocks and scratches on the door.

“Enter,” said the voice on the other side of the door.

Cadfrawd opened the door and stepped into the Queen’s private quarters. The door closed behind him. Cadfrawd bowed low before Rianon.

“So you have met with Lord Arthfeal,” Rianon said reading the wonder still in the eyes of the Captain of the Guard.

“Yes, my Queen, I have met with the Bear King,”

“And what make you of his unique ability?”

So the Queen knew the Bear King could shift shape, Cadfrawd paused to think before responding.

“There is much that could be said of such a skill.”

“Indeed, and you have only seen the snow peaked tip of the mountain of talent where Lord Arthfeal is concerned. Be very wary of Arthfeal, the Bear King can be very unpredictable. Don’t be fooled by his modest appearance. He does not wear armor or carry weapon because he has no need of them. His magic is old and powerful,” Rianon paused a moment and then resumed speaking. “Lord Arthfeal is a very valuable asset, but he must be kept upon a short leash, Cadfrawd. So what word do we have from the Lord of Bears?”

“My Queen, Lord Arthfeal reports a high amount of activity around Halldor, all evidence points to the Dwarves preparing for war. Arthfeal captured a messenger returning to Halldor from Trevelyan and from him learned that the Humans are sending an army five thousand strong to lend aid Thorvaldr.”

“Perfect, everything is going as planned,” Rianon interrupted Cadfrawd’s report.

The Queen seemed extremely confident, over-confident, to Cadfrawd. He remembered back to when he was a young Drow receiving instruction. The words of his teacher, Prince Maelgad were stuck in Cadfrawd’s head. 

You must be sure of your abilities. You must trust in those abilities, but you must never get carried away with your confidences. There are many dangers in being over-confident, the most dangerous of them being complacency. The complacent will always underestimate their opponent. It was the old Master of Assassin’s voice that rung in Cadfrawd’s thoughts and Cadfrawd secretly wondered if the Queen was not culpable of over-confidence and complacency. The threat that was mounting was not an imaginary one, it was very real and the numbers were worrisome to Cadfrawd. The Captain of the Guard thought better of voicing his concerns.

“My Queen, there was one other thing Lord Arthfeal mentioned in his report,” Cadfrawd himself had almost forgotten.

“Well out with it,” Rianon said impatiently.

“It concerns Awena, of the ancient ones; the Sage has been asking questions and poking her nose where it doesn’t belong.”

This was news Rianon had not expected. The words took her by surprise. She had forgotten all about the Sages when drafting her plan. Cadfrawd saw a brief moment of panic flash over the Queen’s face before her expression was once more washed with calm.

“Leave me now!” Rianon commanded.

When she was once more alone in her chambers, Rianon’s mind turned to the most recent development that threatened to disrupt her plan. She had not considered the ancient ones until that moment. Rianon’s mind raced through the implications and complications the involvement of the Sages meant. 

How could I be so stupid, Rianon was furious with herself.



Before returning to his chambers, Cadfrawd made the rounds, checking in on each guard post to ensure the guards there were on their toes. They would need to be extra vigilant in the coming days. The sun was just rising when Cadfrawd returned to his chambers. 

He was tired and he lay upon his stone bed. The thoughts kept swirling as his mind continued to work. He had not slept in two days. He could feel the fatigue settling in. He felt older than he was. He tossed and he turned, got up and lay back down before getting up one final time. Unable to sleep, Cadfrawd dressed in the dark of his chamber far beneath the ground. 

Again Cadfrawd paced between the eight entrances to Darryn. At each of the eight entrances, the reaction of the guards cramped into too tiny a space was always the same, Cadfrawd’s presence made them nervous. The ranking guard would speak with Cadfrawd while the other guards busied themselves with artificial duties. Tensions were thick and whispers of impending war began circulating through the ranks.

Cadfrawd inspected the guard, most were young and inexperienced, less than two hundred years under their belt. It was the first time in Drow history since the fall of Sion that the male out-numbered the female. For five thousand years the Drow had maintained a ten to one birth ratio of females to males until Rianon took the throne three hundred years ago, the ratio was reversed and this army produced. The temple of Darryn doubled as the training center because it was the only chamber large enough to house the influx of students. Most of this army had not even seen a minor skirmish.

They will be tested soon enough, Cadfrawd thought knowing the tensions that boiled just below the surface could not be allowed to fester too long. With their numbers restored, the Drow had grown restless and eager for a fight. Nostalgia had infected the ranks as the Drow romanticized great battles of old. The moral was high, but Cadfrawd wondered how the effects of a long drawn out siege would affect that. It’s easy to dream of glory, to obtain that glory through the guts and entrails of war was another matter entirely and the Captain of the Guard knew that.

Cadfrawd mulled over what he knew of Rianon’s plan, which was indeed a brilliant one. The general idea, from what Cadfrawd could ascertain, was to bring the armies of the enemies to the doorstep of Darryn. When the enemy entered into the Iron Hills booby-traps and the terrain would slow them down. The Drow could use the terrain to their advantage by launching small sorties to pester enemy troops. All the Drow at Darryn had to do was to hold off the invading forces until Cadfeal arrived with reinforcements. An army of Orc and Kobold would swarm the enemy from the rear and the enemy would be forced to fight a war on two fronts. If victorious the balance of power would change hands. The long prosperous races of Elf, Human and Dwarf would be forced into exile and the Drow, Orc and Kobold would take back that which was taken from them so long ago. Yes, the plan was a good one, if it was successful.

Cadfrawd did not sleep that day either. He busied himself with preparing Darryn for siege while his mind worked through countless scenarios. That night, he again met with Lord Arthfeal by the meeting stone. Again, after his meeting with Lord Arthfeal, Cadfrawd reported to Rianon. This he would do every night for the foreseeable future. In much need of sleep, Cadfrawd returned to his room and turned in for a fitful slumber. 


Chapter Twelve

“Never forget
Forgotten, history repeats itself
Remember the years of bondage,
The Elven atrocities
Never forgive
Never forget”
The Dark Texts


The tower of Gwylfa stood, a shimmering spike upon the horizon, rising high into the heavens, surveying he land. A fortnight had passed since last the Sages met. As they had agreed, they reconvened upon the conclusion of the Fortnight. All except for Awena, who had been delayed because the Elven Council was not held until the day the Sages were to meet again.

Around the large round table, each in their designated seat sat Adikavi, Haakon, Bersaba and Chozal. Awena stepped through the portal and joined them. As she sat Chozal chortled.

“It’s nice for you to be able to join us Awena. You missed quite the momentous and historic occasion. For the first time since his conception and birth, Adikavi was the first of us to arrive.”

“So what word have we from the Elves?” Adikavi asked Awena, ignoring Chozal’s little snippet. 

“It did not go well with the Elves. They were quite indifferent to the Drow resurfacing in the Iron Hills. They perceive the attack on the Dwarven prospectors as a Dwarven matter. The Elves are quite skeptical it was the Drow that attacked the Dwarven party to begin with. They have the same reservations we ourselves had. Letting someone survive an attack is very un-Drow-like. The consensus was that had the Drow attacked a Dwarven party, they would have left no one alive to tell tale of it. They would probably go out of their way to make the attack look like an accident, or the work of wild animals. At any rate the Elves have voted to remain neutral, although they will increase the guard along the Glasnant in Kendal,” Awena paused to draw breath before resuming. “But I’m afraid I have more bad news. While I was waiting for Council to convene I did not stay in Caerwyn. I decided to dig a little deeper and see if I could learn anything from Lord Arthfeal of the Savage Elves. I found him north of Lake Cemlyn, but I fear the Drow have gotten to him first. His behaviour was quite peculiar, very odd. He was aggressive and threatened violence. I fear Lord Arthfeal has somehow come under the sway of the Drow.”

“I fear this is much worse that we first thought,” Adikavi said shaking his head. “Chozal, tell them what you told me when you first arrived.”

“I visited with Maluch of the Kobold, in Talmal. Maluch was being more evasive than his usual self. I could not find out much from him. He was like a stone wall; you know there’s something behind it, but what? Like Awena, I decided to seek out Lord Bleiddud, Prince of Wolves. I found him along the western bank of the Crisiant and from him I learned that the Drow had tried to enlist his services. Fortunate for us, he did not take them up on their offer. The Savage Elves in the West will remain neutral. I also learned from the Prince of Wolves that three of Lord Arthfeal’s children were slain by the hand of Thorvaldr whilst hunting. Bleiddud suspects, as do I, that Kobold have aligned with the Drow,” Chozal wrapped up.

“This is not good, this is not good at all,” Haakon interjected. “Thorvaldr will not be deterred from his little war. He is steadfast in his resolve. He cites the ancient treaties and old maps that stake out Dwarven ownership of the Iron Hills. He will not be reasoned with. He is like a rabid dog frothing at the mouth. Thorvaldr intends to send every male Dwarf of fighting age into the Iron Hills to vanquish the Drow. He has sent a messenger to Trevelyan to ask the Human King for men and arms.”

“King Llyarch is committing an army of five thousand men to Thorvaldr’s cause and the senile old fool intends to not only accompany them, he intends to ride at the head of his army and lead them into battle. Age has made him delusional because he can neither sit straight in his saddle, nor can he hardly lift his own sword. It appears King Llyarch will not be deterred either,” Bersaba said and shrugged her shoulders.

“Unfortunately, I don’t have much to report,” Adikavi began. “When I arrived in Adrika, Balesh was deep in trance having ingested the fungus of the nightshade cactus.”

“Why the Orc would ever eat that foul mushroom is beyond me,” Awena interupted.

“My dear Awena, that foul mushroom, as you call it, gives the elders their visions. They use it to seek council with the spirit world. They use it to commune with their ancient Gods,” Adikavi responded.

“Still I would never eat of the nightshade, it is poison and it will not contaminate this temple,” Awena said in a huff.

“There is toxicity as there is benefit in all things,” Adikavi countered.

“Can we return to the matter at hand? We can discuss the merits of ceremony and ritual another time,” Haakon said in frustration.

“Yes, well, where was I? Oh yes, I was unable to speak with Balesh, so I mingled among the clans to see what I could learn, but their tongues were tied. I was met with suspicious glances wherever I went, though this is not altogether unusual. I did detect that my presence was not welcome so I returned to Gwylfa. I have been refreshing my memory, re-reading the ancient histories. My memory so needs refreshing these days, I have forgotten so much,” Adikavi said wearily. “I will return Adrika on the blood moon when Balesh is due to awaken from his trance.”

“So what we know then is that the Drow have indeed resurfaced. We know the Drow have approached Lord Bleiddud, so it would be safe to assume they have also approached the Orc and the Kobold. The Prince of Wolves has assured us of his neutrality, but we have no such guarantee where the Kobold and the Orc are concerned. The Drow attack on the Dwarven prospectors has enraged Thorvaldr will provoke reaction. Llyarch will lend men and arms to Thorvaldr’s cause. Were it not for the Elves remaining neutral we might have a full out war on our hands, the likes of which have not been seen since the Great War. Is there any way to forestall the coming storm?” Haakon asked rhetorically. 

“It doesn’t sound good,” Bersaba said.

“It’s not good at all,” Adikavi began. “The clouds of war have grown dark and more ominous and I fear we have raised more questions than we have answered. I have poured over the ancient texts looking for answers, or at least clues, but the Drow are scarcely mentioned. Everything about the Drow is shrouded in secrecy and shadow. We know the histories, the Drows are a sub-class of Elf, they were once members of Elven Society. Because of their dark complexion and their worship of the ancient Gods, Drow blood was not allowed to mingle with that of Wood Elf, or High Elf.”

“Yes, yes, we know all this already,” Chozal said impatiently.

“We may know it, but we are missing something here, something of vital importance, so it can’t hurt to go over it again,” Adikavi said and continued. “Where was I? Oh yes, The Drow were once members of Elven society, but not really. The Drow never sat on Council as did the Wood Elf. The Drow were essentially slaves, miners and metalworkers, some Drow had been trained in the martial arts and used as a military arm of the Elf. The Drow, while part of Elven society, were segregated and Sion became a crucible. Conditions were ripe for rebellion and revolution when Lolth rose to power. From what we know Lolth had begun as an acolyte in the Cult of the Spider. She rose to the rank of High Priestess and proclaimed herself Queen. It is said that Lolth could take the form of a great spider at will. The Drow began to worship her as though she were a God. Under the reign of Lolth the Drow began to withdraw and become even more secretive. Arms and armor stopped flowing out of Sion although the Drow fed the furnaces and never stopped working the forges. The Great War began and Lolth seized opportunity and sided with the Orc. The Elven council had voted to send aid to the Dwarves and Humans, included in the forces were a contingent of Drow. When the battle began, the Drow contingent swiftly switched sides and aided in the slaying of two hundred Elves. The Elves responded to the betrayal by laying waste to Sion and killing Lolth and every Drow that stood with her. Is there anything I’m missing here?”

“This is all ancient history, I don’t see how it helps us now,” Haakon joined in on the side of Chozal. 

“I think it is in ancient history we will find some of our answers. For example, we know that the Drow were followers of the Great Spider. Is it safe to assume whatever Drow survived the fall of Sion still worship the Spider? Is it safe to assume they observe the same form of self-governance?”

“There’s no way of knowing for sure,” Awena said.

“How about their numbers, is there any way to determine how many Drow there are?” Chozal asked.

“I discussed this at length with Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela. Without knowing the exact number of Drow that escaped Sion, so we can only guess. We based our estimation on the escape of fifty to one hundred Drow, though we doubt that many could have escaped, we thought it better to begin with a high ball number. Given gestation and birth rates in Elves, we projected a population of five hundred to a thousand Drow. The Elves perceive this as more a nuisance than a threat,” Awena said.

“Five hundred to a thousand seems like a really small number,” Chozal said.

“How many Kobold can Maluch muster?” Haakon asked of Chozal.

“The males of fighting age of all the packs combined would total close to ten thousand,” Chozal said after some brief calculations.

“And the Orc, how many Orc can been recruited by Adikavi?” Haakon asked.

“Accounting for all twenty eight clans, the Orc could raise an army of eight to ten thousand, conservatively speaking,” Adikavi said and then asked. “We know the Humans are sending an army of five thousand, Haakon, how many Dwarves can Thorvaldr conscript?”

“Thorvaldr can raise an army of fifteen thousand Dwarves strong.”

“Awena, for the sake of argument, how many Elves could the council send, if they were inclined to do so?” Adikavi asked.

“While every Elf can use a bow, it is doubtful the Elves would ever send more than the High Elven Guard and they number two thousand.”

“Even if the Drow depended upon Elven indifference, the numbers don’t add up. They are too close to even for the Drow to make an open declaration of war. We must be wrong about their numbers,” Adikavi said.

“Unless we are wrong about the number of Drow that fled Sion when it fell, I don’t know how we could be wrong. The Drow, are after all, of Elf blood,” Awena stated assuredly.

“It just doesn’t make sense,” Adikavi said. “With such even numbers the likely outcome is a stalemate and large losses sustained by both sides. Even this must be evident to the Drow. What strategic advantage is there?”

“The terrain,” Haakon said flatly. 

“Terrain did not help them in Sion, why would it help them in the Iron Hills?” Adikavi countered bluntly.

“Well, speculation is getting us nowhere,” Chozal said.

Adikavi rose to his feet and began to pace. Everyone was silent. The only sound to be heard was the rhythmic step and foot fall of Adikavi walking back and forth, to and fro. The eldest of the Sages was deep in deliberation, sifting through his many thoughts. He always found this easier to think while he walked, when in the confining space of Gwylfa, he paced. Adikavi issued a guffaw and stomped his foot.

“We have to be wrong about the numbers,” Adikavi said standing arms akimbo and feet firmly planted.

“Perhaps we could barter for peace with Maluch and Balesh, protest their involvement and at the same time maybe we can convince the Elves to lend their support to Thorvaldr. If we can do these things, then the Drow face insurmountable odds.” Bersaba said attempting to change the direction of the conversation. “We need to focus on solutions, not causes.”

“Yes, yes, you are right, Bersaba. Awena, you must return to Caerwyn and you must persuade the Elves that it is in their interests to aide in eliminating the Drow. Bersaba and Haakon, you must go to Halldor and head this thing off at the pass. You must deter or at least delay the onset of this war. Forestall for as long as you can. Chozal,” Adikavi said.

“Yes, I know I am to return to Talmal and convince Maluch that the Kobold remain neutral,” Chozal said in a snarky way, but with no malice.

“The blood moon is three nights hence, I will return to Adrika then and I will do my best to ensure the Orc stay out of this fight. Until then, I will continue to pour over the histories and see if I can’t upturn some bit of useful information,” Adikavi said signalling the end of their meeting. “My brothers and sisters, take extra precaution. We do not know just how deeply this conspiracy is rooted. We need to be extra vigilant.”

When Adikavi finished speaking, the other sages rose to their feet. Bersaba and Haakon stepped together through a single portal. Awena stepped through a portal of her own leaving Chozal and Adikavi alone in the Tower of Gwylfa. 

“You are going into the dragon’s den if our suspicions are true. Do watch your back, my brother,” Chozal said before stepping through his own portal.

Adikavi once more climbed the stairs in the tower and reviewed the histories. He was determined to find something in the ancient texts. 


Chapter Thirteen

“The Oak and the Elm stand not in each other’s shade
But beneath the ground betwixt them, their roots doth twine”
The Elven Scrolls


Morfran took the most direct route to Firth without risking exposure. He traveled light and he traveled fast. He kept to the shadows and he moved in secret. He pushed the limits of his body and slept very little. Sleeping was a very dangerous thing so far away from the safety of Darryn. It was safer to sleep at night and risk attack by animal than it was to sleep during the day and risk being discovered by Elves. Morfran avoided ground where Elf may tread. He had spent more time in the last fifty years infiltrating the heart of Elfdom than he had in Darryn and he knew the terrain well, perhaps as well, or better than any Elf.

The sun was just rising on the sixth day after Morfran had left Darryn when he reached the outskirts of Firth. He sought out a good vantage point where he could easily remain hidden. Morfran’s leathers were well worn and faded and aided in breaking up his shape. When he remained still and silent in the shadows he was all but invisible. No Drow was adept at the arts of camouflage and stealth as was Morfran, not even Lord Arian.

Morfran concealed himself in the shadows, near the spot he first spied the beautiful Elf-maiden and there he waited. He didn’t know why he was so certain she would come to the same spot, he just was. He would bet his life on it. The day way young, the sun was warm and Morfran felt fatigued from his journey. Morfran pinched himself hard, to keep himself alert and aware. He knew he would need all his faculties about him.

The sun was high in the sky and there was still no sign of the Elven Princess. Morfran began to wonder if he was wrong in his initial assessment. Perhaps there were other spots where she gathered the flower and the root of the Althaea. As time passed, he grew anxious in the shadows. He tried to think of the prize awaiting him when he was done, the honors Rianon would bestow upon him, the promise of the young Myfanwy, but he could not recall face, nor feature of the young acolyte. Yet he could recall every detail of the Elf maid. 

Der-we-na, Morfran mouthed the name of the Elven Princess. His mind drifted to the first time he had spotted her. The memory was fresh in his mind and yet all that occurred in Darryn seemed so distant, his ambitions and Myfanwy all but forgotten. He replayed in his mind all he had seen and heard that day he first spied Derwena. He assured himself that he was not wrong and that she would return to that spot, but the longer he waited, the more that doubt assailed him.

Then Morfran heard it. So lilt the voice, so beautiful the song and it approached to the dance of tender footsteps that disturbed not the ground upon which they tread. He bent his ear and listened. He felt his pulse quicken and his heart go thump as she came into view. She was every bit as beautiful as he had remembered. He remained perfectly still and admired her for a while. He savoured the grace of her movement and drank her in with greedy eyes.

Then Morfran remembered what it was he had to do. He removed the vial and a few clean darts from the secret compartment in his leathers where he had stored them. He dipped the darts into the vial and coated the tips with the concoction. It was not a poison, nor a potion, it was an anesthetic. It would render its target unconscious. As Master of Spies it was sometimes necessary to question the enemy. Morfran had done this on two occasions and after he extracted the information, he killed the Elf he interrogated. Such practices were not often employed because it would risk the exposure of Drow existence. Bodies were always prepared for wild beast to feed on so that those slain by the Drow appeared to have been the victims of an animal attack.

Morfran loaded the small crossbow with the treated darts, raised his arm and steadied his aim. He breathed in deeply and at the top of his breath he squeezed the trigger. The dart arced softly through the air as it flew and it struck the back of the Elven maid’s neck. The tip of the dart pierced the flesh of the Elven Princess and she fell unconscious.

Sure that no one was watching, Morfran stepped from the shadows and moved to the She-Elf lying on the ground among the Althaea. He knelt next to her, removed a scroll from another secret compartment and placed it near where she lay. Morfran scooped her into his arms and hoisted her over his shoulder before rising. He moved as swiftly as he could and made for a spot in the Crisiant where the waters were not so deep and the current was not too swift. He waded across the river with Derwena upon his shoulders. When they were safely on the other side he moved into the woods and away from the river’s edge. Morfran searched out a place where he could rest.

Morfran spotted a large oak with a hole at its base. He put the princess down, drew his Fang of Lolth from its ankle sheath and investigated the hole in the tree. It had long been abandoned by whatever creature had lived there and Morfran deemed it a suitable place to rest before carrying on to Talmal. He retrieved Derwena and dragged her into the hole. 

Morfran took another of the darts he had treated and pricked her flesh with it. He did not want her waking while he slept and he was much in need of sleep. He curled up inside the base of the tree blocking the entrance, the Fang of Lolth in one hand and his miniature crossbow loaded with poisoned darts in the other. Drows were notoriously light sleepers, but one could not be too safe, or take too many precautions.



Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn had just returned from Firth when they received word that they must return to Caerwyn for a reconvening of Council. The Sage Awena had requested to address the Elven nobility and the presence of the Lord and Lady of Firth were required. Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn saw it as another opportunity to present their daughter, Derwena, to Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela and their eligible son, Lord Ennion. Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn had pressed hard for the union of the two young Elf nobles. It was through their daughter that they vicariously placed their ambitions. 

As usual, the Lord and Lady of Firth were not able to convince their daughter to accompany them to Caerwyn. Derwena, as she had on previous occasions declined the invitation to join her parents and remained behind in Firth. She had no desire or inclination to go to Caerwyn, or be around the young Lord Ennion, who had teased her so ruthlessly when they were young.

Derwena saw her parents off and then went about her studies. It was late when she had finished her lesson, but Derwena went to the banks of the Crisiant anyway to collect Althaea. The day’s poetry lesson was still fresh in her mind. She sang a refrain as she made her way to her little spot where she could be alone with her thoughts. She was coming to an age when more would be expected from her, including finding a mate, but she had no interest in bonding with any of the young Elven nobles to whom she had been presented. 

She gathered Althaea by the bank, her gown flowing around her feet as she stooped to pick the white flowers with her delicate fingers. As she was wrapping one of the little flowers she felt it, a prick, an insect bite on the nape of her neck and then all went black.

Derwena opened her eyes. At first she had a hard time focusing, everything was dark and cloudy. She felt strange. She tried to sit up. Her head was in a fog and she felt dizzy. She blinked several times in an attempt to focus her eyes, but everything remained a blur. She saw a shadow move before her and then she heard a voice. The accent was strange to her, but he spoke in the common Elven tongue. 

“Your senses will return soon, Princess. I assure you the effects are only temporary,” The shadow said.

“Who are you?” Derwena asked, trying to mask the fear in her voice.

“I am your abductor, my dear Princess.”

Derwena struggled to get her bearings as she focused on the figure in front of her. She tried to think, but her thoughts were not coherent.

“Why have you taken me?” Derwena asked, unable to hide the shaking in her voice.

“Because you are the daughter of the Lord and Lady of Firth, are you not?” the shadow asked.

Derwena was able to see the glint of white teeth as he spoke. His face was thrust in front of her own. She could feel his warm breath upon her. She could begin to make out the features of her captor’s face. Long white hair framing a dark slender face with thin black lips, Elven in appearance, but not like any Elf she had ever seen. He was crouched upon one knee, his face was very close to hers, she saw the corners of his mouth curl up into a smile that seemed somewhat sinister. Again the shadowy figure spoke.

“Don’t worry, you are not to be harmed, my dear, your safekeeping has been entrusted to me.”

His reassurances did little to ease Derwena’s fears. His words did not comfort her heart. She touched the earth and the soil felt strange in her hand. She did not know this land, it was all foreign to her, the feel, the smells, the sounds, all of it. It took all of her strength to fight off the fear that threatened to consume her. She searched for courage, but found none. It was then that Derwena began to weep.

Seeing Derwena’s tears moved Morfran. Something stirred within him, something that he had never experienced before, something that he could not accurately explain. Without really knowing why, Morfran reached out and cupped Derwena’s damp cheek in his hand. His fingers feathered her grey hair behind her ear and then with the back of his hand he wiped the tears that streamed down her cheeks. Trembling beneath his touch, Derwena seized his hand with both of her own.

When their hands clasped, both Morfran and Derwena felt it. It passed between them, something intrinsic and indefinable. They gazed into each other’s eyes. They breathed each other’s breath. The world about them shrank away and there was only that moment.

Morfran felt as if his heart was going to burst. He leapt to his feet and almost banged his head on the ceiling inside the hole in the tree. He brushed off his leathers and took deep breaths to compose himself. 

What is this strange magic? Morfran asked the question within his own head. He beheld her beauty as she sat, with her feet curled beneath her, on the dirt floor. He turned his back to her to try to counteract whatever it was that had taken hold of him.

“Do you feel well enough to travel now?” Morfran asked as he stared out into the night. 

“Where are we going?” Derwena asked timidly.

“We make for Talmal, three days journey from here. We go north. We will follow the tail of the wolf in the sky and that will lead us to the Kobold lairs. It is there you are to be kept until my Queen’s demands are met,” Morfran said attempting to harden his heart to her and return to the business at hand.

Derwena could hear effort and strain in the notes of his strange accent. Though she was terrified, she found a part of her wanting to reach out and touch his shoulder as he stood with his back to her. Without thinking her hand replied to her thoughts and when she touched his shoulder he spun around and his eyes flared and flamed. Derwena summoned all the courage she could find.

“What if I refuse to go with you?” She asked as boldly as she could, determined not to show how scared she really was

“Then I will drug you and drag you by the hair. So I ask you again, are you ready to travel?” Morfran said even though his heart spoke different.

Derwena did not respond. She rose to her feet still feeling groggy and a little off balance. She stumbled and fell into Morfran’s arms. He caught her and kept her from falling. As he held her in his arms it felt as if she had melted into and became a part of him. He stood her up and steadied her before stepping back from her.

As Morfran stepped back he stepped out of the opening in the tree. Derwena saw the dark sleek feline form behind him and she let out a terrible shriek. Morfran hardly had time to turn around when he felt the claws rake across his calf splitting open his padded leather pants and the flesh beneath. Blood gushed from the wound and Morfran hobbled back drawing his Death Dealer from its sheath. 

The large cat roared, exposing fangs that were almost the length of Morfran’s forearm. Derwena crouched in the hole in the tree behind Morfran as he stood between her and the mountain lion. Morfran kept his weight on his good leg and shifted to keep the big cat in front of him. He kept the tip of the sword pointed at the beast. Both Drow and lion waited for the opportunity to strike home for the kill. The big cat paced back and forth in front of Morfran, it was looking for an opening. Morfran kept the blade between him and the big cat, tracking the movements of the lion with the sword’s tip. 

Morfran steadied himself and waited for the beast to attack. When the mountain lion leapt at Morfran, he was ready and he ran it through with his Death Dealer. The large cat collapsed dead on the ground and Morfran sagged, propped up by the tree with the hole at its base. 

Derwena, seeing the dark Elf had been wounded, scrambled from the hollow to his side. She aided him back into the hollow at the base of the tree. He leaned upon her for support, his mangled calf unable to take weight. She helped him to lie down.

“Are you hurt badly?” Derwena asked.

It wasn’t until she inspected the wound that they realized how bad the wound really was. Derwena tore a strip of her dress and bandaged the deep gashes to stanch the bleeding.

“I need to see if I can find some Night Star; it will help ease the pain until I can make a proper balm to apply to your wound.” Derwena said. 

Morfran was about to protest, but thought otherwise. He realized he needed her assistance. He made no attempt to stop her. She stepped out into the night in search of Night Star and left Morfran in the hollow. She came across the tiny star shaped flower that bloomed only at night in a nearby field. As she gathered the tiny flowers she thought of escaping, but she wasn’t sure where she was, or which direction Firth lay. She returned to the hollow in the tree where she found Morfran, who was barely conscious. She gave him the small purple flowers to eat and they eased his pain. 

Morfran had recuperated a little, enough that he began to curse himself for being so foolish as to let down his guard in the wild. He had been distracted by this Elven beauty and it had almost cost him his life. He looked at his bandaged leg and then at Derwena. He would not let himself be so distracted in future, he vowed that to himself.


Chapter Fourteen

“And the Elf did collapse the earth upon the eight entrances of Sion
Burying the dark histories with the crypt city of the Drow
The dirty little secret no one ever whispers”
The Elven Scrolls


King Llyarch rode at the head of his army, his son by his side. Five thousand men strong, five hundred on horseback, the King’s standard, an emblazoned gold sheaf of wheat upon green cloth, flapped in the wind. The King’s advanced age made the journey difficult. Trevelyan to Halldor was a two day ride, but King Llyarch’s army was composed mostly of foot soldiers and so the cavalry was forced to go no faster than a quick march. 

King Llyarch had brought his son with him, not to share in glory, but that the young prince could continue in his education and instruction on what it meant to be King in times of war. Llyarch brought his son to observe him as he led his troops to victory. Back in Trevelyan, King Llyarch had Ienipa to see to the administration of his Kingdom in his stead. He had taken the capable Ienipa as his Queen for more than just her beauty.

The people of the farming village of Demelza came out to line the road and catch a glimpse of their King as he passed through, his army in train. The people of Demelza, like those of Hammit, were a simple folk that spent most of their day tending to their crops, or their livestock. The other races hunted and gathered and scavenged. Humans were alone in their pursuits of agriculture and husbandry.

Rumors preceded the King and his army, rumors of war, rumors of a strange dark race in the Iron Hills, rumors of strange happenings around Hammit. Rumors abounded everywhere, even the wildest speculations found soil in which to take root. Farmers left their fields to see the King’s army with their own eyes. In living memory, the King had never left Trevelyan and the army had not marched since the days of the Great War. The spectacle of the precession of King, soldier and cavalry was a once in a lifetime thing and the people of Demelza weren’t going to miss it.

The sons of farmers, wanting to enlist in the King’s army, ran after the caravan. Most of them were turned away because they were too young for fighting, but those that could be of use were conscripted into the ranks. After passing through Demelza, the ranks of King Llyarch’s army had swollen by forty recruits. The King’s army added eight more strong boys in Hammit.

The townsfolk of Hammit also came out for the King and his army as they passed through town. The townsfolk hoped the King would leave a few men behind to investigate the livestock that had disappeared in recent days. The King had no time to hear their petitions.

The townsfolk of Hammit were not the only ones that came out to see King Llyarch’s army as it passed through. Along the road leading out of Hammit, another set of eyes watched, those of the transformed Prince Maelgad. It was not as easy for him to conceal himself in his Drider body as it was when he was a Drow. He was no longer able to melt into the shadows as once he could and that was to his disadvantage. Still Maelgad managed to find a place among the bushes that lined the road where he could conceal himself. He watched as the army passed and muttered under his breath.

So the Humans march to war. Rianon, that vile bitch, must have put her plan into action. That can only mean that wretched whore has discovered one of the entrances to Sion. But before she can reclaim Sion the treacherous witch will have to deal with the Dwarf and the Elf.

Prince Maelgad had all his previous memories; they had not been affected by the transformation, other than being twisted by madness into fuel for his mind to feed the demons of revenge. Maelgad had spent weeks in his cave recalling every spell he could. His magic was still as potent as ever. If only he could get his hands on his spell book, but that was beyond his reach, in Darryn. There were more powerful spell books and scrolls that lay buried in Sion and among them Maelgad hoped lay the spell that could transform him back into a Drow. 

Prince Maelgad watched the precession of armed men from his spot concealed in the bushes. First the King and his banner, then the horsemen, both man and beast heavily armored. Maelgad thought it was deplorable that these Humans had enslaved steed and stallion. With saddle and with the yolk Man subjugated horse and oxen to a life of servitude.

Human scum, Maelgad spat silently.

He had no time to dwell on Men and horses. The presence of the Human army meant he was pressed for time. He had no more time to grow more familiar with his new body, he would have to suffice with the skills he had acquired and practiced, but had not mastered. He had no more time to dally, but before he did anything, he would need to feed.

Prince Maelgad could not risk exposure and so had to wait until the entire army had passed. From his vantage point, hidden in the bushes he watched the procession of armed men on foot that followed the cavalry and King. The military train was followed by the boys and young men of Hammit. Very few were recruited into the ranks and most were turned back because they were too young for fighting. Most of the children were told by the soldiers to return to their parents.

The road crooked to the north a little distance from where Prince Maelgad had cached himself and he watched as the last of King Llyarch’s disappeared around the bend. The children marched back to the village in a large group, mimicking the King’s soldiers. One young boy, of around six or seven years straggled and fell far behind the others. The army had passed and were well ahead on the road and the other children were almost out of sight marching in the opposite direction when the young fair haired boy was passing the spot where Prince Maelgad had concealed himself.

What a delectable little snack, Prince Maelgad thought as he moved to get closer to the side of the road. 

The child heard a noise in the nearby shrubbery and he stopped to investigate. He peered curiously into the bushes. He peered into the foliage when his eye was drawn by a moving branch and then he saw it. A giant spider lurked in the bushes, but it had the torso and the head of an elf, save the skin was black and his scalp was scarred from his hair being ripped out by the roots. The boy’s eyes widened and he froze in fear. It sprang from the bushes and moved quickly. It seized the boy and bit him. The boy went limp in the Drider’s arms. 

The boy stared back at Maelgad with lifeless eyes. The boy was still breathing and his heart was still beating as Maelgad encased him in a cocoon of silk. Maelgad dragged his meal into the bushes and began to feed upon the still living boy. A voice along the road interrupted him.

One of the boys that had been following the caravan and that had returned with the other children noticed his younger brother had fallen behind. The boy had returned to find his little brother.

“Hendry, Hendry, c’mon Hendry, stop playing, it’s time to go home. Hendry, where are you?” The boy called out as he retraced his footsteps. 

The boy along the road froze in his tracks when he saw Maelgad from the rear hardly concealed along the side of the road. He turned and he ran, but it was too late, Prince Maelgad had seen him and was in quick pursuit. The boy could not outrun the Drider that chased him. Maelgad caught the second child, bit him, encased him in silk and fed upon him right in the middle of the road. 

After feeding upon the second boy, Prince Maelgad trailed the Human army at a distance, careful to remain unseen. He would use the armies and the distractions of war to slip past the Iron Hills and cross the Glasnant. He had to reach Sion before Rianon’s little war was over. He had to retrieve those scrolls and spell books, that one may contain the secret to reverse the spell that had transformed him into a Drider. With the magic of Lolth he would be able to lift the curse that had been placed upon him. With the magic of Lolth he would be able to exact his revenge on Rianon and the Lord Arian for their treachery.



The two boys were the children of a modest farmer and his wife. When the sun had set and the children still had not come home, their mother, Tressa, began to worry. The boys’ father, Trethowan, did his best to console his wife and assured her they were only boys being boys. 

“They probably got carried away with the excitement and lost track of time following Llyarch’s army. Both boys are too young to be enlisted, you needn’t fret any. I am sure they will be back before morning,” Trethowan said taking his weeping wife in his arms. “They aren’t babies anymore, my dear, and Hendra will look out for Hendry.”

Tressa was not comforted by her husband’s words. There had been a lot of strange happenings around Hammit, with livestock disappearing, Tressa feared the worse when the boys did not come home and after a sleepless night and many tears she had convinced Trethowan to go off in search of the boys.

Trethowan followed the road out of town in the direction of Halldor. The road dipped slightly south before bending to the north. As Trethowan rounded the corner he saw a cocoon in the middle of the road. Trethowan picked up his pace and ran the last few steps. He bent over the cocoon and tore at the silk. To his horror, when the strands of silk had been torn away, it revealed the face of his eldest son. Hendra’s face was blue from having all of his fluids drained. Trethowan cradled the dead child in his arms.

Hendry, where is Hendry? Panic gripped Trethowan’s heart.

Trethowan rose to his feet and began searching frantically for his other son. He looked through his tears for any sign of his youngest son. He could see what looked like another cocoon, just a little further down the road tucked in some bushes. He rushed to it and tore at the silk to reveal the face of his youngest son, Hendry. Hendry’s face was not quite as blue or withered. Trethowan put his hand in front of the boy’s mouth and nose to feel for breath. The boy still breathed, though very light and hard to detect. Trethowan pressed his ear to the boy’s chest and could hear the slow murmur of the child’s still beating heart.

He lived, Hendry lived. Trethowan scooped up the web covered boy and returned home as fast as he could. He did not listen to his own body as he ran as fast as he could with the boy in his arms. 

Hendry lingered between life and death for several days, during which much debate was held by the townsfolk of Hammit. It was decided to send a man to request the assistance of the King in dealing with whatever black magic that was responsible for the dastardly attack on the children of Trethowan and Tressa. Trethowan was nominated to speak on behalf of the townspeople as he was the one most directly affected.

When Hendry had regained consciousness, Trethowan set out to catch up to the King’s army. Trethowan would not catch up to the King’s caravan until it was encamped in the Iron Hills and the opening salvos of war had been fired. Unbeknownst to Trethowan, the Drider that had been responsible for the attack upon his children was already far to the north.


Chapter Fifteen

“The sons of Denzil shall sit upon the throne of Trevelyan
And rule over the Human realms.”
The Accord of Trevelyan


Outside Hammit, the road dipped south, then crooked slightly north, the Kingdom of Llyarch ended and the Kingdom of Thorvaldr began. The terrain began to change. Field and rolling pasture began to climb the foothills of the eastern mountains. The road dipped into a large valley that led to the Dwarven city of Halldor. Some Dwarven traders were forced to wait at the side of the road as the King’s army passed and they cursed and grumbled their delay.

The army arrived at the great iron gates of Halldor and there they set up camp. The men busied themselves pitching tents; the first to go up was the command tent. A smaller gate, within the great gate, opened and seven Dwarves, clad in chainmail and carrying ceremonial axes, came marching out. Merryn, the King’s chief advisor, ordered a few of the men to intercept the Dwarven party halfway between the camp and the gates of Halldor.

“King Thorvaldr of Halldor is prepared to meet your King. We have been sent to escort his Lordship Llyarch,” The head-Dwarf spoke in the common tongue.

“It has been a long and hard journey, the King wishes to rest up a bit and refresh himself before meeting with the King under the mountain,” Merryn said.

“By order of Lord Thorvaldr, King of the Mountain, private chambers have been made up for your King and he would rest in much more comfort within the hallowed halls of Halldor,” The head-Dwarf said, not to be deterred.

Merryn realized that this Dwarf was not going to take no for an answer. Merryn told the head-Dwarf to follow him, while the others would wait. A small group of soldiers stood off with the Dwarven guard between the Gate of Halldor and the camp the Human army were working efficiently to set up. Even without the threat of any violence, the situation was tense. Dwarven guards eyeballed their human shadows and the shadows eyeballed them back. 

The head-Dwarf was brought to the command tent where King Llyarch sat on a cot. He was speaking to Tremain, his son who sat on a small stool, explaining what was happening and what was going to happen. The King stopped his lesson and the Dwarf was brought before him. Tremain had risen and stood off to the side of his father, who remained seated upon the cot. The Dwarf halted sharply three paces in front of the King and bowed low, his beard touching the ground. The Dwarf then spoke with all the touches of ceremony in his voice.

“Great Lord Llyarch, the Great Lord Thorvaldr sends you his greetings and He is prepared to receive you. He anxiously awaits your arrival. I have been sent to escort your Lordship.”

King Llyarch nodded and rose. He smoothed his robes.

“I accept the gracious invitation of King Thorvaldr,” Llyarch said to the head-Dwarf, then he turned to Tremain and said. “Come my boy, we are going to see Dwarven splendor at its finest. It is said the craftsmanship of Trevelyan pales in comparison to that of Halldor.”

“King Llyarch, I am sorry, the boy cannot go. I have been instructed that only the Human King may enter Halldor,” The Dwarf said apologetic.

“King Llyarch goes nowhere without his personal guard,” Merryn said forcefully.

“That will be enough Merryn. I am sure that King Thorvaldr can vouch for our security,” Llyarch addressed his advisor first; he then returned his attention to the Dwarf. “Master Dwarf, on the matter of my son, Tremain, he will one day be King and he is learning the art of governing, he accompanies me everywhere I go.”

The Dwarf was unsure how to respond. He had not been prepared for this eventuality. His orders had been specific. Only the Human King, but the Human King was emphatic the young Prince accompany him. The Dwarf conceded there was nothing he could do. He could not argue with a King so he conceded, Tremain could accompany the King. He would have to deal with the consequence and sure reprimand he would receive for his failure to carry out his orders as they were given.

King Llyarch and Tremain followed the Dwarf back to where the six other Dwarves waited. The six Dwarves fell in around the King, Tremain and the head-Dwarf, forming a living shield. Thus they were brought through the smaller gate within the great gate. At the great door of Halldor the six Dwarves fell off and the head-Dwarf alone escorted King and his son into the mountain. 

It had been many generations since a Human King last visited Halldor. Humans were not permitted in the hallowed halls of the Dwarf. Other than the Royal Messenger, only those of Dwarven blood were allowed to enter. It was a rare occasion when the Dwarf would play host to the dignitaries of any of the races. 

King Llyarch and Tremain followed three steps behind the head-Dwarf. Both boy and man marveled at the artistry. While Dwarves had carved the columns of Trevelyan, the true craftsmen had been reserved for Halldor. Neither the King, nor his son had ever before seen such an attention to detail. They walked along a long wide corridor that had three great halls shooting off each side at equal intervals. The corridor ended and gave way to a great open space. On either side of them at equal intervals were columns rooted deep in the earth that stretched high up to the arched ceiling. Each column was carved with the most exquisite and intricate detail, each inlaid with gold leaf. Dwarves clad in chainmail stood like statues between the pillars.

The stone floor did not have a carpeted runner, as did the throne room of King Llyarch in Trevelyan, but much like the throne room of Trevelyan, at the far end was a raised dais. Upon the platform was a large granite throne, with a large arched back and each arm carved in the representation of a bear on all fours. Tremain looked from side to side taking everything in while his father kept his eyes on the Dwarf that sat upon the magnificent throne. 

Three paces before the raised dais the head-Dwarf bowed deeply and fell off to the side, leaving King Llyarch and Tremain to stand before King Thorvaldr. The Dwarven Lord was an imposing figure. Thorvaldr was a large Dwarf with a great bushy beard clasped at the end with seven jewel encrusted golden rings. His long auburn mane had been braided and pleated for the occasion. Upon his head a thin band of gold with a large emerald inlaid in the middle. 

Tremain took everything in and took special notice of the Dwarf that stood behind and to the side of the throne. The Dwarf was feminine in appearance, but for her beard. Tremain assumed that the Dwarf standing behind the throne was the wife of the King. So it is true, Dwarven women do have beards, Tremain thought.

“Lord Llyarch, we are honored you visit our hallowed halls.” Thorvaldr’s voice boomed, the acoustics of the great hall designed to carry the King’s voice to the furthest corners. “We were anxiously awaiting your reply, we did not expect you to arrive with it personally.”

“Lord Thorvaldr,” King Llyarch bowed his head, but did not bow at the waist. “I would like to thank you for your hospitality. I have brought with me the five thousand fighting men you requested.”

“Indeed. You must be weary from your journeys. I have had chambers prepared for you, I did not know your son would be accompanying you, but we will see that accommodations are made for the young Prince,” Thorvaldr said noting how old and frail his Human counterpart seemed. “Tonight we will have a banquet in your honor, but for now go rest.”

King Thorvaldr signaled the head-Dwarf who had brought the Humans. The head-Dwarf stepped forward and motioned for King Llyarch and Tremain to follow him. The head-Dwarf led them to an antechamber that had been splendidly furnished. There was large bed with a feather mattress at one end. There was a table and chairs of the finest quality and thick bearskin rugs were strategically placed on the stone floor. King Llyarch and Tremain entered the chamber, but the head-Dwarf remained at the door.

“A bed will be brought for the young Lord, if there is anything else you require just ask it of the guards stationed outside your door,” the head-Dwarf bowed and left, the door shutting behind him.

When the Dwarves had first arrived at the camp of King Llyarch, Tremain had been instructed by his father to remain silent and be very cautious when he did speak, because once they were in Halldor they would no doubt be under constant surveillance. King Llyarch sat on the bed and looked at his son. He was proud of how the boy had conducted himself. Tremain will make a fine King one day, once the rashness that comes with youth is tempered a little by age, King Llyarch thought to himself.

There came a knock upon the door to which King Llyarch said enter and a couple of Dwarves bustled in and set up another bed not far from the King’s bed. When they had finished they left as quickly as they had come. 

“Get your rest, my son. This may be the last time we sleep in a real bed for a while,” Llyarch said feeling tired, worn and very old at that moment.

King Llyarch stretched out and laid his head upon the pillow. He closed his eyes and sleep came instantly. Even though Tremain was not very tired, the bed did look inviting and after a week of sleeping in a cot he found himself longing the comforts of a real bed. Tremain laid down. He must have been more fatigued than he had thought because within moments he had drifted off.

Tremain awoke, unsure of how much time had passed, but he felt well rested. He sat on the edge of his bed and stretched his stiff joints. His body was thankful for the rest in a proper bed. Tremain looked over at his father, who was still sleeping on the much larger bed. Tremain noted on how peaceful his father looked.

Tremain rose to his feet and moved around a bit to bring the blood back into circulation. He looked around the room for something to occupy him while his father slept. There was nothing to do so Tremain pulled up a chair and sat at the table and tried not to disturb his father. Tremain remembered when he was much younger and his mother used to bring him into the royal chamber, his father would snore so loudly that if felt as though all of Trevelyan shook. A great deal of time had passed and Tremain became aware that his father had neither snored, nor stirred. 

“Father,” Tremain said as he rose to his feet, but his father made no sound. 

Tremain sensed something was deeply wrong. He rushed to his father’s bedside. Tremain saw his father’s complexion had become waxen and grey, even if his expression was one of serenity and peace. His father’s chest did not rise and did not fall. Tremain reached out and touched his father and his hand recoiled when he felt the cold flesh.

“Father…,” Tremain cried out as he sank to his knees and began to weep.

The Dwarven guards outside the door heard Tremain cry out and burst into the chamber to investigate the disturbance only to find the young Prince cradling his father’s head, stroking and smoothing the dead man’s white hair. Tremain either did not hear, or he ignored the guards, who had quickly assessed the situation and promptly recognized the severity of the situation. The guard cleared the room and one went to inform a superior, leaving the door ajar.

Tremain was only partially aware of the commotion outside the chamber door as Dwarves hustled and bustled about. Everything grew still outside the chamber and naught could be heard but the sound of heavy footsteps approaching. King Thorvaldr entered the room and shut the door behind him, ordering his personal guard to remain outside.

The situation was a dire one, and King Thorvaldr knew he must handle it delicately. Things could easily be misconstrued. It was never good to have a Lord die in another’s keep. Thorvaldr, alone would speak to this boy about to be thrust unto manhood. He slowly crossed the room and had come to stand behind the kneeling, weeping boy. Thorvaldr rested a heavy hand on the boy’s shoulder and spoke in gentle tones.

“I can do nothing to ease your grief, boy; I can only tell you I know what it means to lose a father. I also know what it means to not be allowed to mourn. You must be a man now, boy, you must be a King. Come, my child, I will see that your father’s body is handled with dignity and respect, that your father is prepared in accordance with the ancient customs. Come boy,” Thorvaldr did his best to console the boy in his grief, but comforting people was not the way of the Dwarf.

Tremain listened as Thorvaldr spoke. It was not the Dwarf’s hand, but the entire world that rested upon the shoulders of the boy. There was no more time to mourn. He was King now. He must be a man. He was hardly fifteen years old and he was now the leader of men. Tremain had always known this day would come. He had been trained and prepared for it his entire life, but it didn’t make it any easier. 

There is nothing more I can do here, Tremain rose to his feet, wiped dry his eyes and followed the Dwarven King out of the chamber where his father lay. 

“I will cancel the festivities that were scheduled for tonight and we will dine in private,” Thorvaldr said as he led the boy King down a long hall.

Tremain had regained his composure. Dwarves made way for their passage, every Dwarf bowing, beard to the floor as Thorvaldr and Tremain passed. The mood was a sombre one. Thorvaldr led Tremain to a room that had been laid out with stately meals in mind. Tapestries hung from the walls, a large rectangular table and six chairs crafted of rich mahogany, fashion by the Elves in the day when Elf and Dwarf still talked. 

Thorvaldr sat in the largest chair at one end of the table and motioned for Tremain to sit in the first seat to his left, the boy King obliged. The Dwarf, the bearded female who stood behind Thorvaldr’s throne, entered the room. She sat to the right of King Thorvaldr and she spoke confirming Tremain’s earlier suspicions.

“I am Alfrun, the King Thorvaldr’s first wife, and I am very sorry to hear about your loss. Your father was a very good man.”

Tremain choked back the tears, swallowed and nodded his head. It still didn’t feel real to him. He felt as though he walked through a terrible dream and he wished he could just wake up, but he could not wake up because he was not sleeping, he was not dreaming.

The door burst open and there was a great commotion. The guards cursed as they tried to prevent a man and woman in robes from entering. The guards appeared to be afraid to lay hands upon the two intruders. The guards blocked the way, but did not molest the pair. Tremain caught sight of the woman’s face through the rabble and he recognized her. It was the Sage Bersaba, who Tremain had seen on occasion in Trevelyan. His father had explained when Tremain was younger, that Bersaba was one of Five Sages. The Five Sages were very wise and very powerful and had been advising Kings for generation upon generation.

The intruders advanced into the room with the guards backing up, but staying between the King and the uninvited visitors. One of the guards broke off from the struggle and approached the table. 

“My Lord…my apologies, Haakon, the Sage demanded immediate audience and he would not be deterred when we informed him the King was occupied with very important matters,” The guard said hastily. 

“It’s alright Huldar; you cannot be responsible for the stubbornness of a Sage. Leave us now,” Thorvaldr said addressing the guard while he did his best to mask his rage.

The guards parted and allowed the interlopers to pass. The guards were filing out of the room as the Sage Haakon was taking a seat at the table opposite of Thorvaldr. Bersaba sat in the empty seat beside Alfrun. There was an awkward silence around the table, the mood was tense and there was an air of trepidation that had settled like a pall upon the room.

“How dare you just barge in here, Haakon?” The King was furious and the emotion bubbled over in his voice.

“Lord Thorvaldr, what I have to say is of the utmost urgency and could not wait. Would you deny me audience, or have me wait like a common subject? I think you forget yourself Thorvaldr, and you forget who I am.” Haakon said.

“You know I am bound by custom to receive you Haakon, but you do test the limits of my courtesy,” Thorvaldr said.

“Where is King Llyarch?” Bersaba interrupted.

“The journey from Trevelyan to Halldor was too hard on my father. I am King now,” all eyes fell on Tremain as he made this proclamation.

Haakon and Bersaba exchanged a worried look. Both knew that the death of Llyarch would only complicate matters. The Sages looked at the boy, no more than fifteen, sitting in his chair. So much would now depend on one so tender in years and with too few seasons under his belt.

“Condolences and sympathies, Lord Tremain,” Haakon said with much formality, but no emotion.

“Then Lord Tremain, I must deliver to you the message I would have delivered to Llyarch,” Bersaba said, her voice was honey to the ear. “Tremain, you must put an end to this folly your father aided in setting into motion. You must forestall this war. I urge you to return to Trevelyan with your father’s body and his army.”

“And I suppose Haakon has similar advice for me,” Thorvaldr spat out accusatorily.

“That I do, Lord Thorvaldr,” Haakon replied. “We believe the Drow are not acting alone and you will be walking into a trap if you besiege the Iron Hills, as is your intention.”

“Your superstitions make you paranoid, Sage,” Thorvaldr said dismissively.

“The Orc and the Kobold are no idle superstitions and we have evidence that suggests their involvement,” Bersaba said to hammer home Haakon’s point.

“The Orc have not been seen on this side of the Glasnant since the Great War when Folkvar the Great drove them from this land. As for the Kobold, the dog-men are little more than a menace and they have not been seen in these lands since the Elves drove them across the Crisiant in the days before the Great War. You come telling the tales we tell to our children to keep them in their beds at night, but we are not children and your fairy tales do not scare us,” Thorvaldr rebutted.

“You have drawn your comparisons to Folkvar on more than one occasion. If you stay your course you will find the proofs you are nothing like Folkvar. You, Thorvaldr, are not half the Dwarf Folkvar was,” Haakon said putting the King in his place.

“You are going to insult me one too many times, Sage,” Thorvaldr said, the spittle spraying from his mouth.

Thorvaldr would have flown across the table and throttled the insolent advisor had Alfrun not rested a hand on his shoulder to steady him. 

“Thorvaldr is lost; we must focus our energies on the young Tremain. The young one could still be persuaded to abandon this folly. We must get the boy away from the influence of Thorvaldr, only then can we talk reason into him,” Bersaba leaned over and whispered in Haakon’s ear, words only he could hear.

Haakon nodded his reluctant agreement. The eyes of the two Sages fell on the boy-King who had remained silent since announcing his father’s death. Tremain could feel their eyes upon him and squirmed a little in his seat. He sensed he was going to be drawn into the argument between the Mystic and the Dwarven Lord. 
Chapter Sixteen

“Ingesting the fungi of the nightshade cacti
Balesh communed with his ancestors
And the deceased Balanath spoke unto Balesh
And bade Balesh erase the blemish of shame
That stained the Race of the Orc
Balanath bade Balesh return to the foothills of the eastern mountains
And bring Halldor down upon the heads of the Dwarf.”
Orcish Oral Traditions


Cadfeal was a deadly combination of assassin, soldier and spy. His talents almost rivaled those of Lord Arian and Morfran. Cadfeal had served for many years as the Captain of the Guard, responsible for the defences of Darryn. He had become one of the Queen’s favourite pets. When the Queen needed a liaison and go-between, the then Master of Assassins, Prince Maelgad had suggested Cadfeal as the perfect candidate. Rianon, the Drow Queen, agreed. In his time as Captain of the Guard, Cadfeal had displayed a marvellous military mind and had demonstrated himself capable of taking initiative as well as thinking quickly upon his feet.

Cadfeal proved to be the perfect ambassador when he had killed the children of Lord Arthfeal and made it appear as though Thorvaldr had killed them while hunting. In doing so Cadfeal swayed the King of Bears from a position of neutrality to one firmly on the side of the Drow. Cadfeal’s ability to adjust his strategies drew him the recognition of the Queen. Rianon had promised him title and to install him as her Master of Poisons. If he successfully carried out his current mission he would be bestowed with the title of Lord and would become consort to one of the Queen’s favoured priestesses. Rianon had also dangle the Stewardship of Darryn under Cadfeal’s nose, suggesting the crypt city would not be abandoned when the Drow sat once more upon the throne of Sion.

With his orders, Cadfeal left Darryn by cover of night. He made for the Glasnant and followed the southern bank as it winded west. On the northern bank was all of Elfdom and it would be too treacherous to travel on that side of the river. He moved by night and rested during the day, always keeping to the shadows. He had chosen his route wisely and he had successfully avoided any chance encounters as he approached the Tower of Gwylfa. The large obelisk loomed on the horizon, a sentinel looking over all of Brynmor, standing south of where the Crisiant and Glasnant became one river before crashing over the great cataract to the south of Trevelyan. On the northern bank, nestled between the two rivers, was the white forest and Caerwyn, city of the High Elf. Cadfeal skillfully avoided the watchful eyes of Sage and Elf before fording the river north of Trevelyan.

Where the rivers met it would be safest and most dangerous to cross. The river was wide and shallow and the current ran very swift where it split in two, but it was also under the eyes of the Elf. It was by night that Cadfeal made the crossing and he benefited greatly from cloud cover obscuring the light of moon and star. On the opposite bank Cadfeal would head almost due west into the heart of the Barren Lands and on to Adrika, home of the Orc.

The Barren Lands were difficult to negotiate. The only things that grew bore thorn and thistle. The grasses that grew in small patches among the crags were like razors swaying in the wind. The Barren Lands were an unhospitable place, one that scorpion and snake called home. The terrain was not easy to traverse and it was a seven day journey across desert. from river’s edge to Adrika. 

What time Cadfeal gained from no longer having to conceal himself he lost to the rugged terrain. Cadfeal could feel the shards of rock through the padded soles of his leather boots. It felt like he was walking on broken glass with his bare feet. The days in the Barren Lands were exceedingly hot and the nights extremely cold. Cadfeal would rest during the hottest part of the day and the coldest part of the night. Large black birds circled overhead his entire trek. In Brynmor the circling of ravens and vultures meant death was nearby. In the Barren Lands death was always nearby.

Periodically, Cadfeal would come across skull or some bones bleached white by the sun after being picked clean of meat by scavengers. Most of the creatures in the Barren Lands were scavengers. Large predators dwelled in the wild forests north and in the foot hills west of the vast savage desert.  The threat in the Barren Lands came mostly from hunger and thirst, reptile and insect, from the elements and the environment.

The day before arriving in Adrika, Cadfeal took shelter from the heat of day beneath a large outcropping of rock. The heat was unbearable. Cadfeal peeled off his leathers, that the air upon his naked flesh might offer a little relief. He neatly folded tunic and pants. Cadfeal stretched out using the padded leather armor as a pillow. His Death Dealer was in easy reach, the Fang of Lolth was still strapped to his ankle and his hand rested on his miniature crossbow beneath his leathers. When Cadfeal opened his eyes he saw a big black spider with an hourglass painted red on its back. It crawled on its eight hairy legs right in front of Cadfeal’s nose. 

It is a good omen to see a widow upon waking, Cadfeal thought as he watched the spider slowly plot its course.

Cadfeal watched the progress of the spider. Cadfeal remembered his first visit to Adrika. Before being allowed to negotiate with Balesh directly, Cadfeal first had to undergo certain rites of passage. He was first brought into a small tent. He was stripped down to his loin cloth and then he was given a tea. The Drow frequently ingested various poisons in their daily diet to build up tolerance and immunity, so Cadfeal saw no danger in drinking it. The liquid had a foul odor and taste to it, but Cadfeal drank it anyway.

At first there was no effect, Cadfeal sat cross-legged on the ground inside the cone of canvas, a small fire burning in front of him. He was left alone in the tent, but he was aware of the guards outside the flap. He could see the booted feet of the two Orc guard beneath the flapping fabric. The frame of the tent was three large wooden poles that formed a tripod, crossing at the top. There was a small hole where the timbers crossed to let smoke out and the canvas near the top had been darkened from previous fires.

Time elapsed, how much, Cadfeal could not be sure, but the effects of the tea had begun to creep into his consciousness. Things that were normal became strange before his eyes. He gazed into the fire and saw faces in the flame and shapes shifting in the smoke. He could not move muscle, or limb, but he could float through space. He walked through foreign realms without ever leaving the tent. In one of Cadfeal’s visions his old teacher and mentor, Prince Maelgad, appeared, but it was not Prince Maelgad, it was a giant spider with Maelgad’s face. The spider spoke in riddles, much of which Cadfeal did not understand. Cadfeal had several vision, they ran the gamut from the horrifying, to the blissful. Imaginary snakes slithered across his skin. In one vision Cadfeal stood among the dead in a great field of battle and in another vision he saw himself  a Great Drow Lord.

After several days, Cadfeal could only assume it had been several days, they came and they got him and they washed him up. They had given him a new loincloth because he had soiled the old one while he was in his trance. They did not let him dress, but led him in his loincloth into a circle, around which many Orc were crowded. There they left him.

A large Orc, wearing only a loincloth, entered the circle opposite Cadfeal. Cadfeal remembered how he rubbed his eyes while he tried to figure out if it was another vision. It was not a vision and it got very real, very quick. The Orc had sized up his opponent and lunged in his direction. Cadfeal sidestepped the clumsy attack. He reached for his Fang of Lolth, his favourite weapon, but it was not strapped to his ankle. Cadfeal backed away while the Orc regroup and readied for another assault. Cadfeal came too close to the crowd and was shoved in the direction of his attacker. The Orc grabbed Cadfeal and threw him to the ground. The Orc hefted his bare foot and was set to come down with it on Cadfeal’s head when the Drow rolled into a crouch and sprung as the Orc planted his foot. With his hand he hit the Orc square in the neck, when the Orc doubled. Cadfeal grabbed the Orc by the back of his head and came up with an knee that landed full force on the jaw of the Orc. The Orc reeled and staggered back, it spit out a mouthful of blood and it attacked, un-phased by the pain. They circled one another while the throng of Orc cried for blood. Cadfeal crouched and readied himself to counter the next attack. The Orc was strong, but he was slow. When the Orc lunged, Cadfeal dropped to one knee and came up with the palm of his hand and drove it into the base of the sternum of the Orc. He then punched the Orc as hard as he could in the chest where the sternum had been broken. The Orc sagged to the ground as Cadfeal rose. The cheer went up as the Orc collapsed into a heap.

After these two rites, Cadfeal was given back his armor, but not his weapons and he was brought before Balesh. Balesh was larger than most other Orc. He was the son of Baladeva, who was also Grand Chieftain in his time. Balesh was also the grandson of Balanath who was Grand Chieftain at the conclusion of the Great War. The line of Balanath produced larger and stronger Orcs. Balesh’s tent was very large with rugs scattered on the ground and tapestries hanging from the canvas walls. A small fire burned in the middle of the tent and Balesh knelt before the fire, a great club crafted from the bone of a very large animal lay on the ground in arms reach.

“You were not supposed to kill your opponent,” Balesh had said to Cadfeal.

Cadfeal shook his head, rose and dressed. He did not have time to dally. He was on the far fringes of the Barren Lands and entering Orc territory. Smaller settlements were scattered in the foothills of the western mountains, but Adrika was the principal and the seat of power. 

The sun was low in the sky when Cadfeal set out that night. As the moon rose the temperature dropped. Drows are unaccustomed to cold climes and Cadfeal shivered. His fingers and toes became numb. Halfway through the night Cadfeal had to stop. Cadfeal knelt upon the ground. His hand hovered over a patch of sand and he spoke a few words in the old language. Blue flame sprung from the earth, fueled only by magic. Cadfeal rubbed his hands above the flame in an effort to return sensation to them. He would have to wait until sun’s first light to continue the last leg of his journey. He would arrive in Adrika before high sun.

Cadfeal set out with the rising sun. The night’s chill still on his bones. Cadfeal resumed his journey, but he no longer traveled openly. For the last leg of his journey he would move in stealth to avoid the detection of the outlying settlements. The Orc Clans did not live in caves, nor did they live in structures of stick and brick. The Orc lived under canvas. Orcish settlements consisted of a number of tents, the largest always belonged to the chief of the clan, and Balesh was the Chief of All Tribes and that was the only Orc Cadfeal had business with.

The ground began to rise and fall and living things grew more plenty-some as Cadfeal crossed from Barren Lands into the foothills of the western mountains, avoiding the smaller settlements on the fringes of the desert. Cadfeal arrived in Adrika before the heat of the midday sun made moving in the open impossible.

Cadfeal realized Adrika had doubled in size. It was bustling with activity. Cadfeal made no attempt to hide and walked in the open where any Orc could see him and see him they did. A large Orc quickly seized Cadfeal and ushered him to a small tent. Cadfeal sat on the ground inside the tent for what seemed to be a long time before another Orc came to bring Cadfeal to Balesh.

Balesh sat cross-legged in the middle of the tent. He was naked except for a loincloth and a wolf pelt draped over his massive shoulders. He was hairless, thick muscled and his complexion was a greenish-grey. Two tusks protruded from his lower jaw. Balesh motioned for Cadfeal to sit and Cadfeal sat.

“Your Queen has accepted my conditions?” Balesh asked, never one to mince words.

“My Queen has accepted the terms as we outlined in my last visit.” Cadfeal said producing a scroll from a secret compartment in his armor.

Cadfeal presented the rolled up piece of parchment to the Orc Chieftain. Balesh did not speak; he only nodded and unrolled the document. He quickly scanned down to the bottom, saw Rianon’s signature scrawled there and was prepared to roll it back up when Cadfeal so spoke.

“You will notice only one alteration from our original agreement. My Queen made one, only one minor amendment. There,” Cadfeal pointed at the paragraph. My Queen has added the provision that your army is to act under my direction and guidance.”

Balesh studied the wording in the offending paragraph. He looked up from what he was reading and looked at Cadfeal. He did not trust the dark, shifty little figure sitting across from him, but he needed the Drow if has to erase the blemish of the defeat suffered at the hands of the Dwarf in the Great War. Balanath had appeared in Balesh’s latest visions, and the deceased one had shown him the way and the way went through the Drow. 

The time table for war is set, the Drow have passed the point of no return, they have played their hand and it is now my move, Balesh contemplated. We have only committed ourselves in word, not in deed and at present it is the only the Drow that have dug their hole. We can negotiate from a position of strength, we don’t need to make these concessions.

“Does your Queen honestly believe I would just hand you my army without discussion? Balesh asked, but did not wait for an answer. “Either the accord stands as we originally negotiated, or there is no deal.”

An Orc burst through the flap of Balesh’s tent. He huffed and puffed out of breath.

“Balesh, the ancient one has returned, he comes this way now,” the Orc said to the Chieftain.

“All things be damned,” Balesh exclaimed. He looked directly at Cadfeal. “The ancient one cannot find you here. You must go with Daksha here. We can continue our negotiations later.”

The Orc that had entered motioned for Cadfeal to follow him. Cadfeal was brought to a small tent. The Orc called Daksha had remained silent despite Cadfeal’s inquiries and spoke only to tell Cadfeal to remain in the tent until someone was sent for him. Guards were posted outside the flap of the small tent at Daksha’s orders. Cadfeal was left to wonder who this ancient one was. Were the Drow misled in their intelligence about the hierarchy of Orc society?


Chapter Seventeen

“The secrets of magic are engrained in nature
And in our nature they are revealed.”
The Elven Scrolls


Awena returned to Caerwyn with the unenviable task of convincing the Elves it was in their best interest to throw their weight behind the Dwarf. Soon after arriving, Awena was disappointed to learn that Lord Onllwyn and Lady Ameldha had returned to Kendal.

Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn had also returned to Firth. It would mean another fortnight before Council could again meet. Messengers would have to be sent to Kendal and Firth. Onllwyn and Ameldha and Derfael and Rhoslyn would have to make the journey back to Caerwyn.

Awena used her time in Caerwyn wisely. She spent much of her time with Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela hoping to sway their opinion. The word of the Great Lord and Lady would carry much weight in Council. Awena put all her efforts into trying to convince the Great Lord and Lady that the Drow were of threat to all of Elf-kind.

They sat beneath the branches of a large birch, the three of them, Awena, Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela. The Wood Elf, Grigor, the personal secretary of the Great Lord and Lady stood within earshot. It was not uncommon for Grigor to be present, he near almost always was, but there was something about the Wood Elf’s demeanor that troubled Awena. It seemed as if he bent his ear and hung on every word being spoken. He always seemed to be at a distance and yet close enough to eavesdrop.

Awena pushed aside whatever concerns she may have had about Grigor and chalked them up to the increasing paranoia of the times. Elves wear their emotions too close to the surface to make good traitors, or spies, Awena reassured herself.

“You provide us with no new evidence Awena. You come bringing more speculation and rumour,” Lady Hywela said plainly while Lord Cyndeyrn nodded his agreement.

“Lord Bleiddud confessed the Drow have been in contact with him, the Drow made a concerted effort to conscript the Lord of Wolves into their service. This confirms the Drow did indeed survive the fall of Sion. Lord Bleiddud also confirmed my suspicions that Lord Arthfeal has been recruited by the Drow. We can safely assume the Drow have solicited the aid of the other races,” Awena said.

“Do you have any proofs that other races have been enlisted?” Lord Cyndeyrn asked.

“We have only our suspicions at the moment. Chozal has gone to Talmal, and Adikavi to Adrika, to investigate,” Awena answered.

“So then, we are back to speculation,” Lord Cyndeyrn said.

“The only proofs that you have brought is the word of Lord Bleiddud. The Savage Elves cannot be trusted. They turned their back on Elf-kind in the days before the Great War,” Lady Hywela added. 

“Why would Lord Bleiddud lie about the Drow contacting him?” Awena asked flatly.

“The Savage Elves were banished from Elfdom and exiled from the Elven Realms when they would not abandon the ancient Gods. There are long lingering hostilities they keep buried in their hearts for a perceived injustice,” Lady Hywela rationalized.

“The injustices were not perceived, they were very real. It is only Elf-kind that does not perceive those incidents of the past with the same discontent as do the other races. For too long the Elves have walked on the heads of the other races and it is the cause of great disdain, great disdain which the Elf seem to be oblivious to. The Elves have an opportunity to make a difference, but instead you deal in indifference,” Awena said, the frustration beginning to bubble in her voice.

“We were the chosen race, Awena, not the Dwarf, not the Humans, not the Orc and not the Dog-men. The Elves are the custodians of Brynmor, we always have been. We were so chosen by all things living that are not Dwarf, Human, Orc, or Dog-men,” Hywela stated emphatically.

“Besides Awena, we are not guilty of the crimes our ancestors committed. In the days before the Great War our ancestors may have been a little heavy handed, but those were times that called for an iron fist. Since the days of the Great War the Elf has conducted himself with honor and has remained neutral in the affairs of the other races. Since the days of the Great War the Elf has sought the peaceable pursuit of striking balance. You continue to bring up these crimes of the past, but you forget there is no blood on our hands. These offences were committed by others, not us and it is not for us to bear their responsibility,” Lord Cyndeyrn added.

“Their responsibility is your responsibility. What your ancestors set in motion was allowed to persist by every subsequent generation. The mantle of responsibility is yours, it does not matter how you rationalize it. The Drow were enslaved and slain by their Elven masters. The Elf drove the Kobold or Dog-men as you call them, from these lands. And since the end of the Great War all the Elves have done is alienate Elf from every other race. Isolation will not protect you from what is coming. And do you think it speculation or conjecture when I say that the Elves are next if Thorvaldr should fall short, or fail. Tell me what you will do when your responsibilities show up at your doorstep?” Awena said losing patience.

Awena persisted only because she knew the only way she could sway the other Lords and Ladies of the Elven Council was to have the Great Lord and Lady as an ally. Awena was running out of time and she tried to think of some way she could convince the Great Lord and Lady, but she could think of nothing, no ground she had not already covered. 

A week had passed since Awena first arrived. The messengers that were dispatched have by now reached both Firth and Kendal. Lord Onllwyn and Lady Ameldha and Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn should be on route to Caerwyn. It doesn’t give me much more time. Damn it if Elves were not more stubborn than mules, Awena thought.

Their meeting had ended the way the previous seven had. Nothing had been decided and Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela still steadfast in the belief that the Elves should remain neutral in these matters, they remained stalwart in their opinion that the mistakes of past generations bore them no consequence. 

Awena needed a distraction and so she sought out the young Lord Ennion. Ennion bore a great resemblance to his mother, the Lady Hywela. His complexion was fair and his hair was of spun gold. Even for an Elf he was slight of stature and feminine in feature. Youth smiled upon his face and his stride was one that had not yet known the weight of adulthood. It was in the youth of the Elves in which Awena looked for hope. She hoped to find some of that in Ennion in the same way she had seen it in Derwena, the daughter of Firth.

Awena found Lord Ennion practicing his skill with the bow. She watched him for a while from a distance. The lad was proficient, as were all Elves, but he aimed for the same mastery and marksmanship his teachers had displayed. If Lord Ennion was not of noble blood he may have been destined for the High Elven Guard, despite his smallish size.

Awena could see why Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn pressed for a union between the daughter of Firth and the son of Caerwyn. The eligible daughters of the nobles in Caerwyn that would soon be of age were not half the measure of the lovely Derwena, who Awena had spoken at length with when last in Firth. Unions between the nobility of the High Elf and Wood Elf were not a common occurrence, but there was precedence for such unions. Hair color would determine if their children were Wood Elf, or High Elf. If the children had grey hair then they would be considered to be Wood Elf and if their hair shimmered metallic then they would be considered to be High Elf.

Awena made her presence known and the young Elven Lord lowered his bow. She recognized the look in Ennion’s eyes; she had seen that look before.

“Lady Awena, what are you doing here?” Ennion inquired.

Perhaps I’ve made a mistake, Awena thought. I don’t want to be encouraging him. 



Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn had returned to Firth and great commotion. They were greeted by Mervyn, the head of the household guard. Mervyn explained to the Lord and Lady that their daughter had gone missing. They received the news with disbelief until they were presented a scroll. Prince Derfael took the scroll from Mervyn and examined it before unrolling it.

“My Lord, we found the scroll near where Derwena would normally collect Althaea,” the head of the household guard said.

Prince Derfael read the scroll. His mouth moved silently to the words. It was written in the ancient tongue. or the language of Elven nobility for it was not taught to the common Elf. He finished reading the words and his hands shook as he passed the parchment to Lady Rhoslyn. Lady Rhoslyn’s expression grew grave.

“How many know of this?” Lady Rhoslyn demanded holding the scroll in front of Mervyn’s face.

“The patrol that found the scroll, your Lordship and Ladyship and myself,” Mervyn answered, trying to say as little as possible.

“Leave us.”

Lady Rhoslyn dismissed Mervyn and turned to comfort her mate. Prince Derfael sank to his knees and grasped at the hem of Lady Rhoslyn’s dress. Tears streamed down his cheeks. Prince Derfael was consumed with grief and Lady Rhoslyn did what she could. She remained strong and clearheaded while Derfael was a slave to his emotions. Derfael vowed vengeance upon a faceless enemy. He cursed and he swore that if they so much as harmed a single grey hair upon her head that he would bring the heavens down upon them.

In the days following their return to Firth, Prince Derfael sank into a deep depression, his melancholy only worsened. He became despondent and withdrawn. Lady Rhoslyn recognized that seeing to the demands of the Drow would fall to her. It was the only hope they had of ever seeing their daughter again. Rhoslyn realized in the end they would probably be double-crossed, but it was a risk they must take.

A messenger arrived from Caerwyn and Rhoslyn went to meet with him, leaving Prince Derfael alone in his despair. Rhoslyn found herself annoyed by the inconvenience when her attention was demanded elsewhere. Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn were to return to Caerwyn for a reconvening of Council. The messenger did not know why Council was being reconvened. He only knew that all the nobles had been summoned.

For the first time in the history of the Elves the nobility of Firth would not be in attendance when Council sat. Lady Rhoslyn had sent the messenger back to Caerwyn with explanation. The Lord and Lady of Firth would be delayed. With the messenger turned away, Lady Rhoslyn returned her attentions to carrying out the demands contained in the scroll.

Male Elves were more prone to displays of emotion and were known at times to be irrational and throw tantrums. Female Elves served as the stabilizing influence in Elven culture. Female Elves were just better equipped at dealing with their emotions. Males had the tendency to act rashly whereas Females tended to think things through. Although Rhoslyn did not outwardly display her emotions, she loved her daughter just as deeply as did Derfael and in her heart she wished that she too could be weak and fall into the pits of despair and join her mate, but one of them had to remain strong.


Chapter Eighteen

“It is said that Bodolf, the Great Wolf in the sky, became so enamoured with the Elven Princess Aneira that he took her as his wife. Their union begat a child, that child was neither Elf, nor God, but something twixt the two.”
Elven Fairy Tale


The wound was deeper than Morfran first believed. It was not healing as quickly as he would have liked despite Derwena tending to it. Three days had passed since the mountain cat had attacked Morfran and they hadn’t made any progress in their journey to Talmal. They remained in the hollow of the tree. Morfran did not like remaining so close to the carcass knowing it would attract wolves and other creatures, but there was little choice in the matter.

Derwena had made no efforts to escape. She was easily capable of outrunning her injured captor, but she didn’t run, she chose instead to stay with him and nurse his wounds. The fear she had known in those first moments when she had awoken to find herself a hostage had dissipated. When the big cat had attacked he had positioned himself between her and the beast, he had protected her. In three days of brief exchanges she had actually grown comfortable with him despite his dark complexion and sinister appearance. 

There is something quite Elven about him, Derwena thought as she studied him. He sat, propped up inside the hollow of the tree, his bandaged leg outstretched. Derwena sat across from him. She leaned in a little and spoke.

“Are you an Elf?” She inquired.

“No I am not an Elf,” Morfran sneered before proclaiming, ‘’I am a Drow.”

“What is a Drow?” Derwena asked, the curiosity getting the better of her.

“The Drow are followers of Lolth,” Morfran said after considering how he should answer.

“What is Lolth?” She asked.

“Not what, but who, who is Lolth,” Morfran corrected the Elf maiden.

“Who is Lolth?” Derwena rephrased the question.

“Lolth was the High Priestess of the Cult of the Spider in the days before the Great War. It is said that Lolth was chosen by the Great Spider and that she could assume the form of the Great Spider at will. It was Lolth that broke the shackles of slavery and she sacrificed herself delivering us from the bondage of the Elf,” Cadfeal explained.

So the fairy tales are true, Derwena said to herself, conjuring memories of her earliest lessons as Morfran spoke. The Dark Elves of children’s stories, they exist…But all the oral traditions ended much the same way. The Dark Elves were defeated and each one of them slain along with their Queen. The Dark Elves were said to be evil creatures, if the fairy tales are true. I should be scared, but I’m not. Derwena felt her pulse quicken and her excitement heighten as he spoke in his strange accent.

“Do you wish to convert to the true faith?” Morfran smiled sinisterly, shifting his weight from his elbow to his hand.

His face hovered in front of hers; Derwena could feel his breath as he leaned into her. He craned his neck and tilted his head and looked at her queerly, or so she thought. She rose to her feet and turned her back to him.

“The Ancient Gods were False. The Elves abandoned them long ago. Nature is the true religion,” Derwena said trying to sound more confident than she was at that moment. Derwena wasn’t too sure about anything anymore. 

“Ah, you are wrong, my pretty little tree hugger. The old Gods are very real and they are powerful and they are very angry. Yes, my dear, your eyes widen because you see it is true. The Great Spider lives. Rianon is the embodiment of Lolth,” Morfran said as he struggled to rise to his feet.

Derwena had turned to face him as he spoke and her eyes did indeed widen. It was in that moment she was afraid, but it was not for her own safety that she feared. She was afraid for all of Elf-kind. The conviction the Dark Elf had in his voice as he hissed the consonants convinced Derwena he believed everything he said. The Great Spider lives. Rianon is the embodiment of Lolth, the words echoed in Derwena’s head.

“Who is Rianon?”

“Rianon is our Queen,” Morfran said proudly.

“Is your Queen beautiful?” Of all the questions Derwena could not believe she had asked this one.

“She is as beautiful as she is deadly,” Morfran said truthfully.

Little by little Derwena worked to solve the mystery that was Morfran and the Drow. The stories he told her of life in Darryn seemed surreal to her. She found it hard to fathom a whole race of Morfran’s as he described them, dwelling underground in the Iron Hills.

Morfran realized he had said too much, divulged too much information. Derwena had lured him into confidence and lulled him into forgetting that she was his prisoner. Morfran grew silent, realizing every time he opened his mouth he wanted to impress the Elven Princess. Morfran wondered if the Elven temptress had drugged him while tending to his wounds.

Night fell outside the hollow. Wolves howled nearby. The proximity of the wild cries made Derwena’s hair stand on end and she curled up beside Morfran. 

“They must have picked up on the scent of that carcass rotting outside. It’s alright, we will be safe as long as we remain here and if they do come to investigate I have a little present for them.” Morfran said un-holstering his miniature crossbow and laying it in his lap.

Derwena did not speak, but Morfran could feel her tremble slightly as she pressed in close to him. He may have been her abductor, but she also knew he was, at that moment, her protector. The howling of the wolves drew nearer and Morfran again struggled to rise to his feet. His leg hurt when he put weight on it, but he did his best to block out the pain. Morfran staggered and then leaned in the opening of the hollow. 

Morfran could see the pack of wolves around the corpse of the mountain lion. He counted six adults and four pups. Morfran watched as the wolves tore at the carcass. One of the wolves must have caught his scent upon the wind. It turned to face Morfran, who was propped up in the entrance of the tree hollow. 

The wolf separated himself from the rest of the pack. He was larger than the other wolves. The wolf took a few cautions steps in Morfran’s direction and then it stopped. The wolf did not advance any further, it just stood there and tilted its head and looked at Morfran.

“Go, be gone” Morfran shouted at the wolf.

The wolf did not go. It continued to just stand there and stare at Morfran with one eye blue and one eye brown. The wolf howled and the other wolves broke away from feeding on the carcass and moved behind the large wolf. The larger wolf again vocalized and the other wolves sat in unison. The larger wolf then again turned his attention to Morfran.

“Be gone,” Morfran shouted again.

Again the wolf did not go. The wolf stepped forward and Morfran raised his crossbow and took his aim, but he could not believe what his eyes saw. As the wolf approached it transformed. It transformed into an Elf, but unlike any Elf Morfran had ever seen. The strange Elf did not wear cloth or armor and was naked. He was covered in a fine grey fur, except for his face, his face, like all Elven faces, was free from hair.

Derwena, who had come to stand behind Morfran, peered over his shoulder and she also saw the transformation. And yet another fairy tale comes to life, she thought as she watched and she listened in awe and wonder.

Morfran resisted the urge to pull the trigger. He lowered his crossbow.

“Be gone, it says to us, be gone. It is you that needs to be gone,” the naked Elf said pointing a finger at Morfran and smiling a crooked smile.

Morfran could feel Derwena’s front pressed against his back. He could feel her heart beating like a hummingbird’s wings. Morfran steeled his heart against fear. He knew he would have to proceed with caution to avoid confrontation. Were he not wounded he would not have had any doubts, but with a leg gone lame any encounter would only be won by guile.

“I am Morfran, Drow Master of…” Morfran had almost spit out his title before he stopped himself. “I am the special servant of the Great Spider and I am in the service of Rianon, Queen of the Drow.” 

“I am Bleiddud, Lord of Wolf and Wild and all things west of the Crisiant and you Morfran of the Drow are trespassing.”

“Lord Bleiddud, it is Bleiddud isn’t it?” Morfran asked rhetorically. “I am under direct order and the personal protection of Queen Rianon. It would behoove you to let us be.”

“I have heard of your Queen, but she does not rule here and she does not rule me,” Bleiddud stated.

“If you have heard of my Queen, then you know her reach is long.”

“Yes, so I have heard. The last of your kind to pass this way said as much.”

The last Drow to pass this way said as much. The words echoed in Morfran’s skull. He must be speaking of Cadfeal. Cadfeal must have encountered this strange Elf when he passed this way to draft the accord between Drow and Kobold. Cadfeal had let this strange Elf live, why?

“If you know these things, then you must know there will be repercussions if we are not allowed to pass, or if harm should befall us,” Morfran said, shifting his weight a little to take the pressure off his wounded leg.

“That may be so, but it does not change the fact that you are trespassing,” Bleiddud said flatly.

“We were on our way to Talmal, where we are expected, when we attacked by one of the mountain cats of the region. I was injured and we needed somewhere I could recuperate. We will be on our way as soon as I am able to walk again,” Morfran explained.

The strange Elf looked down at Morfran’s bandaged leg and then he looked past Morfran to the Elven maid that stood behind the Drow. Her hands rested lightly on the shoulders of the Dark Elf. Bleiddud wondered if the female was the Drow’s prisoner, or his mate. Stranger things had been known to happen.

“She is able to walk, she could leave,” Bleiddud said as he nodded his head in the direction of Derwena.

“She goes where I go and she stays where I stay, this is not negotiable,” Morfran said bluntly.

“The Elf maid has a voice, I presume. Let me hear it from her lips,” Bleiddud said to Morfran and then addressed Derwena, softening his voice. “You are free to go without reprisal, or you are free to stay if you wish, let me hear it from your lips, my dear.”

Morfran was about to object and protest. His finger trembled near the trigger of the crossbow he held at his side. I should kill him and be done with it. I have no time to play these dangerous games, Morfran contemplated killing the strange Elf, but he remembered this strange creature had once encountered Cadfeal and still he lived. Cadfeal was not one to idly spare a life. As Morfran was about to speak he heard Derwena respond.

“Even if I wanted to go, I do not know the way. These lands are foreign to me. These lands are dangerous and I would not be safe on my own,” Derwena spoke truthfully.

“If you wish to leave, I can escort you to the banks of the Crisiant. The river flows not far from here,” Bleiddud said again addressing Derwena and ignoring Morfran.

Morfran again shifted his weight, standing was uncomfortable. He did his best to hide the pain and discomfort he was in. Morfran remembered his early lessons in the arts of torture, both giving and receiving were a part of his education. To be a spy he had to prove he would not divulge information while under the duress of interrogation. Morfran had been tested by the diabolical Dwyryd, the Queen’s Master of Tortures. His indoctrination had almost killed him, but he had survived it. If I could endure the agonies Dwyryd inflected upon me I can withstand anything, Morfran reminded himself.

He blocked out the pain and put weight upon his bad leg. Having tested the leg he stood between the naked Elf and his prisoner. He adopted a defensive stance that didn’t require him to put weight upon his back leg. Morfran readied himself for violence. Derwena was his prisoner and he was not going to just let her go, or hand her over, not without a fight.

Derwena had contemplated her answer for a long time. On one hand she greatly desired to return to Firth and be once more among her parents and her people. On the other hand Derwena felt she could do the greater good if she remained with the Dark Elf. Perhaps through him she could reason with the Drow. She knew that Morfran was ready to lay down his life for her so she felt no fear for her personal safety. She chose her words very carefully.

“It is true that I was abducted and I was brought here against my will, but these last three days I have stayed of my own free will. I have befriended this Dark Elf and my fate lay tangled with his,” Derwena said.

“Very well, my dear,” Bleiddud said and bowed ever so slightly. He then addressed them both. “That brings us back to the matter of the two of you trespassing.”

“As I said, when my leg has healed a little we will resume our journey to Talmal. As for trespassing, if we do not reach Talmal soon, these woods will be teeming with all sorts of trespassers,” Morfran said.

Bleiddud took a moment to consider what Morfran had said and determined it to be true. He did not like the idea of aiding the Drow. He wished to remain neutral in affairs that did not concern him, but there was no way for him to stay completely neutral. The Drow is right. These woods will be crawling with Drow and Kobold if this Drow does not get his prisoner to Talmal. It is better I aid in a little evil now than risk a greater evil befall my kind.

“I will bring word to Maluch in the north and I will tell the Kobold where they can find you. They will bring you to Talmal. This is the best I can do for you. Be warned Morfran of the Drow, do not pass this way again. The next time your trespasses will not be so easily forgiven.” Bleiddud said and did not wait for a response.

The Savage Elf transformed once more into a wolf and rejoined the other wolves, which had sat patiently and waited for him. The other wolves greeted him excitedly and off they went into the night.

Morfran breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed a little. Derwena had stepped out from behind him and stood at his side. Together they watched the pack of wolves disappear. Her slender arms wrapped around his waist she buried her face into his chest. The moon peeked out from behind a cloud and illuminated the fair Derwena’s face when she peered up at him. She served as Morfran’s crutch and led him back into the hollowed out tree.


Chapter Nineteen

“Wars are not won on maps,
Wars are won on the battlefield,
Wars are won when blood is spilt
And limb and life are lost”
The History of Kings


Thorvaldr and the Sage, Haakon, continued to argue. Tensions ran high in the make-shift dining room that had been set up in the antechamber off one of the seven great halls. Thorvaldr had gone red in the face and was near a rage. Despite the King’s obvious irritation Haakon continued to press. The others sat silently while the back and forth between Sage and King went on in unrelenting fashion.

Tremain was having difficulty focussing. The grief of his father’s passing was still fresh. He felt as though he were walking through a bad dream. Nothing felt real. He half-expected that at any moment he would wake up in his bed in Trevelyan, never having made the journey that had led to his father’s death, but he knew that this was no dream.

Tremain imagined he could hear his deceased father’s voice, instructing the young Prince from beyond the grave, giving one of his endless lectures on Governing. How Tremain hated those lessons when his father was alive and what he wouldn’t do to have his father’s instruction at that moment.

Notice how the one called Alfrun, with a touch of her hand calms the Dwarf Lord. Thorvaldr would leap across the table and throttle the Sage were it not for her. Alfrun keeps her King in check. Bare that in mind, my son. It would be unwise to mince words with Thorvaldr when Alfrun is not at his side.

We know the Sage, Bersaba, but we have not encountered this one called Haakon. We can presume what we know about Bersaba is also true about the other Sages, that they are the advisors of Kings and that they are very old. They have existed for all of recorded history, but we know very little of them other than what they wish us to know. You must afford this Haakon the same respect we do Bersaba. 

The voice in Tremain’s head was interrupted by the voices in the room. He wished he could shrink into nothing. He wished he were invisible, but he was King now and he must act the way a King must act.

“Will you be accompanying your father’s body to Trevelyan, Lord Tremain?” Bersaba asked in a rare moment of silence that fell between Thorvaldr and Haakon.

Again the voice of his dead father spoke to him. Notice boy, her choice in words, accompanying and not escorting. Accompanying me implies that you will join me in death. Tremain realized that all eyes were upon him. He turned his attention to Bersaba, sat a little straighter in his seat and tried to present himself the way a King would.

“I will not be escorting my father’s body back to Trevelyan, Lady Bersaba. I will remain with my army and I will honor my father’s commitment to our Dwarven friends,” Tremain said in his most authoritative voice.

Thorvaldr smiled a victorious smile in the direction of Haakon. The Dwarven King beamed with pride that the boy would act with such honor, but the moment was short lived. 

“It is not yet your army, young Tremain. You are not yet King. You have not been coroneted and installed upon the throne of Trevelyan. Only after the ceremonies and rites have been performed are you King and have an army to command,” Haakon interjected, ambushing the boy.

“Balderdash,” Thorvaldr exclaimed, coming to the defence of Tremain. “No other man can sit upon the throne in Trevelyan. It’s the boy’s birthright, not something to be given and taken away by a Sage. It is not a ceremony that makes Tremain King. His lineage makes him King. The moment Llyarch expired the crown passed to Tremain.”

“If Tremain’s rule is to be recognized, the customs must be observed. He must first be coroneted in Trevelyan in accordance to tradition,” Bersaba sided with Haakon’s argument. Perhaps delaying the inevitable is the best we can do, she thought.

“I recognize Tremain as King of the Realm of Man,” Thorvaldr said rising to his feet and slamming his fist down upon the table.

“The Dwarves are only one Race and you are only one vote Thorvaldr,” Haakon said, also rising to his feet in mirror of the Dwarven Lord. “If Tremain is to be recognized by the other Races, including the Race of Man, he must be installed as King in Trevelyan.”

The Lord of the Dwarves and the Sage were in a standoff having reached another impasse. Thorvaldr and Haakon each jutted their bearded chins in obstinacy. Each felt they were on the right side of the argument. Neither was willing to back down. Thorvaldr was frothing at the mouth to respond, but it was Tremain who spoke next.

“The solution is simple. My mother will continue to rule until my return to Trevelyan when I can be coroneted in accordance to custom. You are right Lord Haakon;” Tremain said unsure how to address the Sage. “my father’s army is not my army to command. My father is dead and his army should be disbanded. Would this be acceptable? Is there any argument to what I have just said?”

“Boy, you do not need to buckle to these two,” Thorvaldr objected.

“I understand your objections, Lord Thorvaldr, but I would like to know if Haakon and Bersaba have any objection to what I have thus far suggested?” Tremain asked.

Haakon and Bersaba both said they had no objections. To both, the boy had matured into a man and in that instance both thought that he would one day make a good King. He showed good judgement. For a moment the spirits of the two Sages were lifted, but then they were dashed with Tremain’s next proposal.

“Good, then we can agree my mother will continue to rule until my return and that my father’s army be disbanded.” Tremain said.

“I agreed to no such thing,” Thorvaldr grumbled.

“When each man in my father’s army has been discharged from service, I will ask them as free men, bound to no one, if they will fight by my side, if they will follow me into battle. I will put it to the men and the ones that choose to will remain behind with me and we will honor my father’s word to the Dwarven Lord.”

The room fell silent. Tremain had stunned everyone with his proclamation. No one in the room expected such skill in statesmanship from one so young, but Tremain had been groomed to be King since he could walk and talk. Tremain had earned the respect of everyone in the room. He had proved himself to be an adept politician, manipulating words to achieve his agenda.

“Aye, Aye,” said Thorvaldr in support.

Both Bersaba and Haakon knew in that moment that they had failed in their efforts to forestall the coming war. Everyone in the room knew, to a man Llyarch’s army would become Tremain’s army. There was no doubt in anyone’s mind. 

Now we can only hope Awena has better luck with the Elves, or that our suspicions about Orc and Kobold involvement turns out to be false. Too much depends on hope now a days, Bersaba thought.

“Well, all things are settled then, we have an agreement thanks to young Lord Tremain,” Thorvaldr said triumphantly, clapping the boy on the back. “Come, my young Lord, let us adjourn to my private chambers and leave these Sages to do whatever it is Sages do.”

Tremain rose to his feet and Thorvaldr wrapped his arm around him. Thorvaldr was beginning to admire the son of Llyarch. He saw himself as a surrogate father for the boy. Together they walked out of the antechamber followed by Alfrun in her false beard. They left Bersaba and Haakon seated at the table. Neither could voice their disbelief. The immortal Sages had been out-maneuvered by a boy of fifteen. 

The two Kings and Alfrun stepped out of the chamber and Thorvaldr’s private detail fell about them. They passed through the great hall and climbed the small set of steps that accessed the dais where the King’s throne sat. The guard fell off. Thorvaldr led Tremain to the platform behind the throne. Behind the platform was a flight of stairs that zig zagged parallel to the shaft that was cut into the mountain. The three of them stood on the platform and Thorvaldr stomped his foot upon the thick wooden planks. The platform began to slowly rise.

Tremain marveled at the Dwarven ingenuity. Never before had he seen such a contraption, but never before had a Human been this deep into the mountain. The platform did not lift by magic, but by a series of ropes, pulleys and Dwarven muscle. The platform rose up the shaft cut into the mountain until it arrived at the King’s private chambers. The platform stopped with a slight jerk. They stepped off the platform and into the King’s private quarters.

The two Kings stood around a study table that had a large map of the Iron Hills spread out across it. Metallic pieces had been placed on the map to represent where the troops would be. While the two Kings studied the map and discussed battle plans Alfrun had disappeared down a side passage. Alfrun returned with food and drink and the two Kings moved to the dining table in Thorvaldr’s quarters. The three of them ate a meal of roasted mutton and root vegetables and drank mead and ale and talked through the night.

“It is wearing late and will soon be morning,” Alfrun said from beneath her fake beard.

“Yes, yes, my dear. I think we have discussed all we needed to tonight. Everything has been decided. Together, we will lead our armies to the foot of the Iron Hills the day after the morrow,” Thorvaldr yawned.

Alfrun frowned beneath her beard. She did not like the idea of her husband going off into battle, but damned if he wouldn’t be outdone by the boy-King, who was determined to lead his rag tag army of Men. 

Gracious as Alfrun and Thorvaldr were, Tremain declined their invitation to rest in Halldor until it was time to set out to the Iron Hills. The boy-King wanted to be among the men he would fight alongside of and lead into battle. Thorvaldr conceded that this was good policy and Alfrun escorted Tremain to the great iron gate of the mountain fortress. When Alfrun returned from escorting Tremain she scolded Thorvaldr for so recklessly committing his person to danger.

The morning sun was rising as they stepped into the open air. At the great iron gates a detail of seven Dwarven guards were assigned to escorting Tremain through the smaller gate and back to where the Human army had set up camp. He found the captains of his father’s army assembled in the command tent, among them was Merryn. 

The others hadn’t noticed Tremain had entered the command tent. They rarely took notice of him. They were used to the King’s son being around and in some ways it was like having a mascot, especially when Tremain was young and got tangled in their legs the way a puppy would. The Prince stood near the flap just inside the tent. He cleared his throat. 

“Merryn, may I speak to you for a moment,” he said.

Merryn broke off from the military brain trust and strode over to where Tremain stood. Tremain watched his father’s favourite advisor and thought of how old the man looked. Merryn was responsible for parts of the Prince’s education and Tremain knew he would need to rely on one of his father’s most trusted.

“Merryn, I do not know how to say this so I will just say it. My father has passed. He died in his sleep. The journey to Halldor was too hard on him,” Tremain said trying to keep emotion from touching his voice.

“My Lord, this is a sad day,” Merryn said shaking his head and a treble of sadness in his voice.

“Merryn, I suggest that we finish what my father started, but because of bureaucracies and circumstances being what they are, there is no time for me to return to Trevelyan to be crowned King and until I do so I cannot rightfully command my father’s army. King Llyarch’s army is to be disbanded and every soldier made a free man. You too are a free man Merryn,” Tremain said.

“My Lord, what does releasing every man from service resolve?” Merryn questioned the odd request.

“When every man has been released from service I would like to recruit them to serve me. Every man is free to accept or refuse, including you Merryn. Will you serve me now you have no master?”

Merryn weighed the boy’s words very carefully. He studied the boy he had known since birth and saw before him a man. The face was still that of a child, but the resolve in his eyes was of forged steel and his demeanor was steady and sure. Tremain’s proposal had its risks, but with the King dead most of the men would swear their allegiance to him anyway. Tremain was after all the natural successor and heir to the throne and would be King once he returned to Trevelyan.

“My Lord, I served your father and with his passing I now serve you.”

“Thank you, Merryn. Will you now carry out my first order and have the men discharged from my father’s army and do your best to enlist them to fight for me.”

“My Lord, they are simple fighting men and you have my word that all of them will rally to your banner. Like me, when King Llyarch died, you became King. We don’t need some fancy ceremony. We know who our rightful Lord and Liege is,” Merryn said.

“We haven’t much time. We march on the Iron Hills the day after tomorrow. Can you also arrange for a detail of fifty men to escort my father’s body back to Trevelyan, it might be best if you have someone ride ahead and break the news to my mother.”

“Yes, my Lord, it would be prudent to warn the Queen of her husband’s passing before his body arrives in state.”

“My mother will not take the news well, but she will need to be strong and continue to rule in my father’s stead until I return. I will not let my father’s journey be in vain, I will finish what he set out to do. She will understand that I must honor him. It’s been a long night, I should get some rest.”

Tremain left Merryn and went to lay down on one of the cots. He was not tired, but did not yet feel ready to face the men so he feigned sleep. Merryn returned to the captains who were in the process of wrapping up their morning briefing. Merryn explained the situation and after a brief discussion the captains returned to their men to release them from King Llyarch’s army and have them rejoin Tremain’s. Four thousand nine hundred and ninety seven men enlisted. Three men took their freedom and returned to their families.


Chapter Twenty

“When Sion fell only a few of us survived, twenty low level acolytes and five lowly guards. Driven across the Glasnant we wandered the wilderness until we came upon the Iron Hills and there we made our home. It was determined the best way to rebuild our numbers was to birth mostly females and most of those females would be in a permanent state of gestation birthing child after child for their fertile years. Five thousand years later, when Rianon ascended to the throne, the Queen and High Priestess ordered only males be born. This is how the army of the Great Spider came to be.”
The Histories of Darryn


Activity in Darryn heightened to a frantic pace, each Drow a cog in the machine of war, rushed here and there making preparations for the siege that was coming. Stores were stocked, swords were sharpened and various poisons were being mass produced. The Drow worked in unison. In the five thousand years since the Great War they had prepared for this moment. 

Cadfrawd could feel the anxiety and nervousness among those he had dealings with, all except the Queen. Rianon was cold as ice. Even the Captain of the Guard had his doubts. Too many of these Drow are still green behind the ear, humph, green behind the ears, dirty Elven phrase, why do we still use those expressions. It befuddles me, Cadfrawd thought as he inspected one of the guard stations.

Cadfrawd had time to kill before his meeting with Lord Arthfeal and so he made his way through the winding tunnels to Battle Pits, where Drow were trained in the arts of combat. In the battle pits Drow fought each other with wooden weapons. The battle pits was a large open area where the floor had been worn in circles from opponents circling each other. The Captain of the Guard had fought in these pits when he was a young Drow. It was in these pits he had earned the right to carry the Fang of Lolth, the blade he carried strapped to his ankle. A Drow that carried the Fang of Lolth was a Drow not to be meddled with. 

Two young Drow faced off in one of the pits while over a hundred other Dark Elves close in age watched. One was armed with a wooden replica of a Death Dealer, the long sword of the Drow. The other was armed with a wooden replica of the Fang of Lolth. Cadfrawd remembered back to the first time he was faced with the disadvantage of the smaller blade, it’s not fair, he cried. Nothing in battle or life is fair, the Pit Master barked back. Cadfrawd watched the two youth as they circled each other, sizing each other up, looking for weakness. The one with the smaller blade struck first and struck fast. With blinding speed he came in low under the guard and blade of his opponent. He struck his adversary just below the sternum with his balled up fist, then he danced behind the Drow with the long blade grabbing a handful of hair, he drew the shorter wooden blade across the throat of his foe. Cadfrawd made a mental note to remember this one.

Cadfrawd watched a couple of more matches, in the last one, one of the combatants had his arm broken. All part of the learning process, Cadfrawd said to himself as he left the battle pits and made his way to the western most entrance. The guards cramped into the tiny alcove near the entrance were antsy and made busy when they saw the Captain of the Guard stride there way. Cadfrawd passed them, he would check in with the head guard there when he returned from his meeting.

Each night when the moon was high in the sky the Captain of the Guard met with the Bear King by the meeting stone. The more contact he had with Lord Arthfeal the more he realized that the Savage Elf was not to be trifled with. As always Arthfeal first appeared in bear form transmuting into Elven form only to deliver his report to Cadfeal. 

The Bear King kept his reports brief. That night Arthfeal reported that the Great Gate of Halldor had opened and the Dwarven army filed out seven abreast, almost fifteen thousand Dwarf in total with Thorvaldr at the head. The Savage Lord’s eyes flashed red with rage when he mentioned the Dwarven King’s name. Cadfrawd made a note of this in case he needed to exploit Arthfeal’s emotions in future. Marching with the Dwarves were an additional five thousand men, five hundred of which were on horseback. All told, a combined army of twenty thousand marched on the Iron Hills.

Cadfrawd found the numbers worrisome. He was tempted to send a few Drow to confirm what the Bear King had told him, but Queen and High Priestess had been crystal clear in her orders that there were to be no more sorties. No Drow was permitted to venture from Darryn lest they betray the location of the crypt city. Of course there were exceptions, such as in the cases of Cadfrawd, Cadfeal, Lord Arian and Morfran.

Cadfrawd had expected a response from the attack he carried out against the party of Dwarven prospectors, but never in his wildest thoughts did he imagine the full might of Dwarven fury would fall upon their heads. 

We are outnumbered almost two to one until Cadfeal returns with reinforcements. A lot could happen between now and then. If Cadfeal does not return, if reinforcements do not come, we will be left to our own devices; we will fare well at first, we have provisions and stores enough to last us a year, but should this war drag on I can only see our doom. Such were the dark thoughts that plagued Cadfrawd as he made his way back to Darryn after meeting with the Lord of Bears.

The Captain of the Guard checked in with the guard station before reporting to the Queen. All was calm, except the tensions that precede violence; there was nothing out of the ordinary to report. Cadfrawd assigned extra duties to keep the soldiers occupied and to keep their minds from focussing on the storm brewing on the horizon.

As had become his routine, Cadfeal reported to Rianon after his meeting with Lord Arthfeal and he relayed the intelligence he received from the Bear King.

“My Queen, Arthfeal says the Dwarven army has joined with the Human army and they now march on the Iron Hills with Thorvaldr at their head,” he said.

Cadfrawd noticed the Queen seemed delighted in receiving the news that the full might of their enemy was on the march. The vast number of the force that headed their way did not seem to bother her in the slightest and in fact she seemed pleased to hear that the Dwarven King led his army. 

“Perfect,” she said, “everything is going according to plan.”

The Queen’s confidence disturbed Cadfrawd, who remembered well his old teacher, Prince Maelgad, who had always warned him against the follies of over-confidence. In the thick of battle, when blood is spilled and blood is sprayed in a red mist that floats upon the wind, it settles as a thick red fog in which even the best laid plans are lost. It’s like when a Drowling steps into the battle pits, he has a plan, but when the fight begins it is doubtful it will unfold as he envisioned. It is one thing to be sure of your plan, but it is folly and fatal to trust any plan is infallible and beyond the influence of chaos when battle erupts. Success often lies in the ability to shift strategies to suit the unpredictability of circumstance. There are no designs to be found in anarchy and war is anarchy, the words of the former Master of Assassins came back to Cadfrawd. The Captain of the Guard wondered if all there preparations were for naught. 



Rianon dismissed Cadfrawd and called for Myfanwy. Everything was unfolding as she had predicted it would. The Drow Queen knelt at her private altar very pleased with herself. She communed with Lolth in a one-sided conversation.

“Soon, soon my Queen of Spiders, soon the Drow will be rightfully restored upon the throne of Sion. Soon we will be able to unlock the secrets of the Dead Scrolls and revive you from your deep slumber. Soon you will rule once more. I will be your vessel and through me you will have your revenge,” Rianon pledged.

Myfanwy arrived and Rianon told her to have all the priestesses prepare for the Sermon of the Spider. The Sermon of the Spider was the ritual conducted before the Drow went to battle. The last time the ceremony had been performed was when Lolth was alive in the days before Sion fell. Rianon selected Myfanwy to open the rite because of the young adept’s beauty.

The Queen was not threatened by the young priestess’ beauty. Rianon was exceedingly beautiful by Drow standards and while the freshness of Myfanwy’s beauty excited certain appetites, Rianon’s beauty bewildered and awed the beholder. It was by beauty and cunning and by murder she had usurped the Drow throne. There were not many Drow worthy of mating with a Queen, but a young priestess was a different matter entirely. An average Drow, if he excelled, could hope to mate with one such as Myfanwy at least once in his life. 

Myfanwy was the epitome of Drow beauty, her delicate dark flesh, her thin black lips, her small slender nose, her soft oval face framed with white hair that flowed like strands of spider-silk over the shoulders of her black robes. Yes, Myfanwy will be the perfect to open the ceremony. She will remind soldier, spy and assassin what it is they give their life for. Myfanwy will inspire Drow male to fight fiercely. Should their will to reclaim Sion falter, they will remember Myfanwy and they will fight for her. Males are so easy to manipulate, Rianon thought with smug satisfaction.

Word traveled quick through Darryn. All eligible males were to attend the Sermon of the Spider. The Queen herself would deliver the service. Most Drow had never seen their Queen. Rianon had not delivered a service in over a hundred years. As High Priestess she delegated such duties to her acolytes. So when word spread that the High Priestess herself would be performing the sacred rite it created quite a buzz. There was an atmosphere of excitement as almost every Drow male poured into the large cavernous space of the temple. Behind the dais there was a black curtain and behind the curtain was a tunnel. Behind the curtain Rianon gave Myfanwy final instruction before the young priestess took the podium. 

Rianon watched from behind the curtain as Myfanwy stepped out onto the raised platform. When the young acolyte stepped out on the stage the temple fell silent. The Drow in the audience jostling for position stopped jostling. Good, Rianon thought, she has their complete attention.

Myfanwy stood alone on the Dias, the only female in the temple, the object of lust for every Drow present. The young priestess drew breath and delivered the Sermon of Lolth, her voice smooth as spider silk. She raised her arms and her bosom rose and fell which made the embroidered red spider on the breast of her black robes come to life. Rianon smiled from behind the curtain and when Myfanwy finished quoting the sacred passages the Queen stepped forth and took the stage. The beautiful young acolyte stepped in behind High Priestess and Queen of the Drow. There was a great hush as everyone waited on with great anticipation for the Queen to speak. Rianon let the silence do its work and when she sensed they were ready she began.

She spoke in a melodic cadence that was almost hypnotic. She conducted the sermon in flawless fashion. With pricked ear everyone listened to every word. The crowd responded robustly with chanted phrases when prompted. Rianon raised her arms as she concluded the Sermon of the Spider at which point the throng let out a war cry that echoed in the cavernous depths of Darryn. It was then Rianon went off script.

“The Great Spider has lurked in the dark for eon, waiting. The Great Spider waited and why did she wait? She waited because she knew they came to destroy her, but what they did not know is that she was ready for them. The Great Spider was prepared for them. She had spun her web and laid her eggs, thousands of them, tens of thousands of them. She raised her children and gave them the skills they needed to fight. Now all that remained was for the enemy to come. We have waited for the day when we, the children of the Great Spider, would be called upon once more to defend her virtue. The enemy comes now, they march and they tread with their heavy boots right into our welcoming arms. We will welcome our enemy on the tip of the Fang of Lolth. We will bathe them in their own blood and indoctrinate them in the ways of a painful death. The Great Spider has proclaimed it. The Great Spider watches over us. Lolth protects us.”

Rianon folded her arms withdrew one step, turned and passed through the curtain. Myfanwy fell into step behind the Queen. High Priestess and acolyte passed the precession of priestesses that waited in two long files along the passage walls behind the curtain. The line of priestesses began to move and they entered the temple. The stepped from the passage onto the dais and from the raised platform they descended into the crowd by a small set of stairs on either side of the stone stage. 

Rianon led Myfanwy away from the temple. They turned down a side passage off of the main passage and then through the secret tunnels the Queen used to spy on her minions. Rianon motioned at two sets of eye-slits in the wall.

“Look and learn, my pretty,” Rianon gently coaxed.

Myfanwy looked through the eye-slits and she could see all that happened on the other side of the wall. She watched as the Priestesses mixed and mingled with the soldiers in the temple. She watched while they disrobed. She was so engrossed by all she witness that she had not noticed the Queen had moved to the other set of eye-slits at her side.

“Do you see the priestess nearest to us, my dear? See how the four soldiers there are ravishing her. See how they tear at her clothes and pull her in different directions. See how she gives herself up to them. She does not control her situation. It is often the way with young acolytes experiencing these things for the first time,” Rianon paused to let Myfanwy digest all she saw and heard. 

Rianon’s voice had initially startled Myfanwy, but took on a seductive hiss and lisp. The young priestess at the Queen’s side could feel the electricity passing through the wall. She could sense her own excitement awakening and stirring within her. On the other side of the wall, in the temple male and female had stripped off their vestments and converged in a mass merging off the flesh.

“Now look over there, near the stairs that access the dais.” Rianon directed Myfanwy’s attention toward a nearby priestess that cupped the genitalia of a stripped down soldier while she shoved another soldier away. “You see how she controls her situation. She too would be swarmed if she allowed it. Now I want you to pay particular attention to how now that she has asserted herself she submits only to the one she has chosen…”

Rianon’s words trailed off as Myfanwy imagined herself in the temple having her body ravaged by twenty thousand hands. A shiver ran through her with the thought, part fear, part sheer delight. 

“Come now, you have seen enough, we have other matters to attend to,” the Queen said after some time and led the acolyte through the secret tunnels to her chambers. Along the way the Queen explained.

“The sole purpose of the Sermon of the Spider is the preservation of our species. Each eligible female is impregnated. Replacements for the losses we are sure to sustain. The enemy is coming Myfanwy. They march and they will be upon us soon…”



The entire Drow army, over ten-thousand in total, assembled in the Temple of Darryn. Those too old to mate assigned to guard the eight tunnel entrances, most of them being priestess that were well beyond breeding years. 

Removing the guards from their posts and replacing them with those the years had used up troubled Cadfrawd deeply, but there was nothing he could do. This order came from the Queen herself. “All males of eligible age were to attend the Sermon of the Spider at sunrise.”

Cadfrawd went to the temple at sunrise and stood near the back door. He was hypnotized by the young priestess performing the opening rites. He felt as though she spoke directly to him, as though there were no one else in the room. The hiss of her words caressed his pointed ears. She concluded and the Queen took the podium. The ceremony was a lengthy one, sacred scripture quoted ad nausea, only made palatable by the skill of the High Priestess. 

Cadfrawd did not stay for the ensuing orgy, but instead ducked out to check on the guard stations. He still felt uneasy with the guard being replaced by old and broken bones and a few priestesses the years had made barren while the ceremony was being conducted. By the time he had finished making his rounds it was time to meet with Lord Arthfeal again at the meeting stone.

The Bear King estimated the Dwarven army would descend upon the Iron Hills by mid-afternoon the next day, evening at the latest.

“And their spirits, what is the mood of the enemy?” Cadfrawd asked.

“They are in the mood for fighting.” The Bear King responded

Their meeting was brief that night and Cadfrawd returned to Darryn with a head full of worry. He was somewhat relieved that the regular guard had returned to their duties. He checked in with the guards stationed at the entrance and assigned extra duties before reporting to Rianon. 

Cadfrawd knocked and scratched on the Queen’s chamber door in the code that identified him, guards stood on each side. The guards had had hot pokers deafen their ears and they could only be communicated with by sign language. The Queens voice commanded him to enter from the other side of the door.

The Captain of the Guard stepped into the chamber of the High Priestess. The room glowed red. The door shut behind him and he was about to deliver his report when he saw her. It was the same young priestess that had opened the Sermon of the Spider. She lay on the Queen’s bed with nothing but a seductive smile upon her lips. Cadfrawd also noticed that the Queen wore only thin transparent silk wrap. He could see shadows of Rianon’s flesh beneath the flowing fabric. His mind quickly jumped to conclusions as to what may have transpired before his arrival. The thought stirred in his loins. Cadfrawd quickly refocused and delivered his report to the Queen, despite being distracted by a desire that had lain dormant for too long.

It struck Rianon while Cadfrawd was speaking that the Captain of the Guard was not present during the celebrations that conclude the Sermon of the Spider. It would be a tragic loss to us if we were to lose this line. The bastard children of Maelgad have proven apt and able. We risk the loss of Cadfeal with no offspring. We can ill afford to lose Cadfrawd also, the Queen thought as Cadfrawd spoke. Rianon then had a wonderful idea. She would pair the Captain of the Guard with Myfanwy. Oh my, what beautiful and deadly children that coupling will produce.

“I took notice you were not present for the celebrations today, Cadfrawd” Rianon began, “Myfanwy, my dear, will you come here.”

Rianon noticed Cadfrawd crane his neck to peer over her shoulder as the young priestess rose from the bed and approached them. The young acolyte stood naked between Queen and Captain of the Guard and Rianon allowed Cadfrawd to drink in her beauty a little before speaking.

“Myfanwy, I have someone I would very much like you to meet. This is Cadfrawd, the Captain of the Guard. I would like you to go with him and make his acquaintance. You are to submit to his every desire. You will allow him to bury his root and plant his seed.” Rianon said smiling at Cadfrawd.

She took the hand of the young acolyte and placed it in the hand of Captain of the Guard. She moved in behind the priestess and reached around. Her hand hovered over the young acolytes womb.

“Take her my dear Captain, take her, she is yours. Take her and ravish her, devour her, bless her womb with a child of Lolth. Take her now upon my chamber floor,” the Queen commanded.

Rianon watched as Cadfeal stepped out of his leather armor and pulled the young acolyte to the floor by her long white hair. She watched them rut and licked her thin black lips as they grunted and groaned and screamed in ecstasy. After he climaxed, the Queen dismissed him with one final order.

“Select the best scout you have. He is to go to Adrika and relay message to Cadfeal. The Orc invasion must commence immediately. After he has relayed message to Cadfeal, he is to go to Talmal and relay the message to Morfran that the Kobold invasion is to begin. Now go.”

Cadfrawd returned to his duties and the Queen returned to instructing Myfanwy. 


Chapter Twenty One

“And Lolth said:
Coat thy blade in poison
Bathe thy blade in blood
Infect the wound of thine enemy”
The Dark Text


Seven days had gone by since the ancient one had arrived in Adrika. For seven days Cadfeal had been holed up and hidden away in the tent of the shaman Budhil. Budhil was an ancient Orc, twenty eight hundred years old. Cadfeal wondered just how old the ancient one was.

When the Drow envoy was stashed away, the shaman had been off gathering herbs. The archaic witchdoctor returned to find his tent occupied by the Dark Elf. Daksha, the Orc that had escorted Cadfrawd, was present and explained to Budhil the situation. Budhil grunted his protest and accepted his unwelcomed guest by ignoring him. For seven days Budhil refused to acknowledge the presence of his visitor. He acted as though the Dark Elf was not in his tent, even when Cadfeal tried to ask questions of him.

Daksha would check in on him frequently, but his visits were short and mostly perfunctory. Cadfeal was unable to get any real answers out of the Orc guard.

“Who is the ancient one and why must I be hidden from him?” Cadfeal asked Daksha once when the guard had brought him a meal. 

“The ancient one is said to be the first of us. It is said that he is older than time. Why you must be hidden from him, I do not know, I can only assume he might not be agreeable to your presence among us. The reason you are probably being hidden is for your own protection. The ancient one is very powerful, so they say,” Daksha responded.

All the answers Cadfeal received were of the vague variety. It was difficult for him to determine what was going on beyond the walls of the tent. For seven days Cadfeal had little to do but study the shaman. 

The ancient Orc wore a headdress made of the feathers of a bird Cadfeal had never before seen. Each feather was long and bright and vibrant in color with a great white tip and a great black eye within the white tip. The feathers were attached to a leather strap and formed a ring upon the withered and wrinkled crown of the Orc soothsayer. The little Orc, shrivelled by age, built a little fire in the center of the tent and sat cross-legged in front of it while the smoke rose up and funneled out the hole at the blackened top of the tent. The shaman threw strange powder upon the fire and the fire sparked and crackled and the smoke changed color. Budhil began to chant. His eyes were open, but rolled into the back of his skull revealing only bloodshot whites.

For seven days the shaman chanted incessantly. He did not eat. He did not sleep. He sat cross-legged before the fire and he chanted. The only time he did not chant was when he rose to relieve himself and to gather a few more twigs for the fire. 

On the seventh day there was a great commotion and a child was brought to Budhil. The parents explained to the shaman their little girl had been bitten by a sand viper while playing with her scorpions. This raised Cadfeal’s interest. The sand viper was one of the more toxic varieties of snake that lived in this region and Cadfeal had collected a small vial of the venom on his last trip to Adrika.

The child was laid out by the fire and the old shaman examined her. He lay his hand upon her hairless head and put an ear to her chest and he listened. He then looked at the parents with a grave expression and shook his head. Budhil said nothing. He slowly rose to his feet and retrieved a box and returned to the child by the fire. From the box he retrieved a variety of herbs and a mortar and pestle. He ground up some herbs and spit into the bowl, making a paste by mixing the herbs with his saliva. Budhil then retrieved from the box a crude blade and cut into the girl’s calf where the snake had bitten her. The girl did not cry out, merely moaned, semi-conscious of what was happening. Blood trickled from the flesh the shaman had cut into and he placed his lips to the fresh wound and sucked upon it. He spit the blood and venom he collected into his mouth into the fire. He repeated this process of applying his lips to the wound and sucking upon it and spitting out what he sucked several times before applying the paste he had made and bandaging the wound with a large leaf he also retrieved from the box. The old shaman then sat cross-legged in front of the girl and began to chant. 

The child was weak and stirred as she clung to life. The parents, after some time, left the young Orc in the care of the witchdoctor. No one had seemed to take any notice of Cadfeal who sat quietly in a corner of the tent observing everything.

Later Daksha arrived with the evening meal. Orc and Drow diet varied greatly and Cadfeal could barely stomach the food he had been brought. Cadfeal tried once more to pry information out of the tight-lipped Orc, but received the usual rebuffs and replies to his queries. It was always the same thing, the ancient one was still in Adrika and Balesh was occupied and could not meet with him. Cadfeal was beginning to feel more like a prisoner than a guest.

Cadfeal could easily enough escape his canvas prison. He could just slip beneath the wall of the tent and disappear into the night, but he would be risking too much doing so. Cadfeal remained a prisoner of his own free will.

Later that night, when the moon was high, Daksha returned and with him was a Drow Cadfeal recognized from his days as Captain of the Guard. Elan was a reliable scout Cadfeal had himself employed in delicate situations. The two Drow greeted each other, the shaman sat in front of the unconscious girl and Daksha stood by the flap of the tent. 

“Sir, I bring word from our Queen. We must speak in private,” Elan said uneasily.

Cadfeal glanced at Daksha who was shaking his head. 

“I’m afraid here will have to do,” Cadfeal said in response.

Elan looked around the tent, looked at the girl that lay on the floor, looked at the shaman who sat cross-legged in front of her and then at the guard, the heavy set Orc that stood shaking his head by the flap of the tent. Elan then brought his attention back to his former Captain. He fidgeted, unsure what to do.

“Go on, it’s quite safe,” Cadfeal reassured the messenger.

“Sir, I have been instructed to tell you that you are to launch your assault immediately. The Dwarven army has left Halldor. I saw them myself. I crossed their path before I rounded Lake Cemlyn. The joined armies march on the Iron Hills. Cadfrawd sends you a personal message. He told me to tell you to keep your ears up and your eyes open and your head down,” Elan said in perfunctory fashion.

Cadfeal nodded as his fingertips repetitively traced his pointed chin.

“Sir, I have orders to deliver to Morfran in Talmal, I should be on my way,” the messenger said eager to be on his way.

“Yes, yes, of course,” Cadfeal said

“I’m sorry, you cannot leave,” Daksha said from the flap of the tent.

“What?” Both Cadfeal and Elan exclaimed.

“I’m sorry, I cannot permit you to leave this tent while the ancient one is still in Adrika, orders from Balesh,” the Orc said apologetically.

“Tell me Daksha, would it not be easier to hide one Drow from this ancient than to hide two of us?” Cadfeal inquired.

“I suppose,” Daksha replied.

“Then wouldn’t it be better if my friend here left Adrika tonight by cover of nightfall. As my friend has said he has a message to deliver in Talmal, which is far from Adrika and far from the eyes and ears of your ancient one,” Cadfeal said convincingly. 

“Nothing is far from the eyes and ears of the ancient one,” the Orc said and Cadfeal could hear the awe in his voice. 

“If you cannot make the decision to allow my friend to depart then seek it from Balesh. He will see the reason in what I say, better be rid of one of us if you could and you can,” Cadfeal pressed.

Daksha was not sure what he should do. What the Drow said made sense. It would be easier to hide one of them than to hide two. Balesh’s orders had been to treat the Drow as a guest and not a prisoner, but not to let him leave Budhil’s tent. Balesh also left the orders that he was not to be disturbed while he was with the ancient one. Balesh had yet to learn of the arrival of a second Dark Elf.

After deliberating and weighing his options Daksha led Elan from the tent. The flap fell shut behind them. Cadfeal was alone with his thoughts, the shaman and the unconscious girl. This elder, or ancient one, or whatever he is called is becoming an inconvenience. I must seek out a remedy to this situation, Cadfeal contemplated. He needed more information.

When Budhil rose and left the tent to relieve himself and collect a few twigs for his fire, Cadfeal saw his opportunity and seized it. He could wait around no longer. He had to do something. He slipped beneath the wall of the tent opposite the flap. Concealed by the night he snaked around on the ground upon his belly. His leathers, worn and dusty, melted into the earth and his form became undistinguishable.

Staying in the shadows and avoiding Orc, Cadfeal crawled around back of Balesh’s tent. He pressed his ear against the canvas wall. He could hear voices inside. One voice belonged to Balesh, the other voice, Cadfeal assumed, was that of the ancient one. The two voices engaged in a heated discussion.

“The vision I had was clear, Adikavi,” the voice was Balesh’s. 

“Your vision be damned! The Orc have found a home in Adrika. This crusade of yours is foolishness. It will only end in bloodshed and death,” the other voice proclaimed.

Cadfeal listened intently. This Adikavi that Balesh argues with must be someone of some significance. He speaks to the Orc Chieftain as though Balesh was his equal, or lesser. Have we been mistaken all this time about the power structure of the Orc? Is this Adikavi the Head Orc and not Balesh as we have been led to believe? Cadfeal contemplated these things and more as he lay in the shadows outside the Chieftain’s tent.

Adikavi and Balesh exchanged strong words and Cadfeal could hear the heavy footsteps heading for the flap and leaving the tent. Cadfeal followed discreetly, blending into the shadows. He noted the one called Adikavi did not dress as the other Orc dressed. He wore long flowing white robes.

Cadfeal maintained a safe distance and trailed the strangely dressed Orc. The one called Adikavi weaved his way through the sea of tents that make up Adrika. Cadfeal watched as he ducked through the flap of a tent. Cadfeal listened at the canvas wall, but heard only silence.

This must be the tent in which he is staying, Cadfeal concluded. It was then the idea struck him. Sand vipers, that’s what bit the girl. Orcs are vulnerable to the venom of the sand viper. I will collect a few serpents and release them in this Adikavi’s tent and let the snakes do the work for me.

Cadfeal found a sack with some strange fruit in it by a crate, outside one of the tents. He emptied the contents and headed to the skirts of the Barren Lands. Cadfeal found a den of sand vipers and collected about half a dozen of them. He slung the slithering sack over his shoulder and returned to Adrika and the tent he assumed housed Adikavi.

He crawled around back of the tent. Sand vipers were extremely aggressive when agitated so Cadfeal made sure to aggravate the snakes by shaking the sack be for he positioned the opening under the canvas wall. He gently tipped the hissing sack and the contents slithered onto the floor of the tent.

Cadfeal crouched in the shadows and waited and listened, listened and waited and then he heard it. The occupant of the tent let out a horrible scream. Cadfeal was reminded of the noise a beast makes when it is fatally wounded. 

Adikavi emerged from the tent in a rage, a limp and lifeless snake in each hand. Blood trickled from punctures to his neck, his legs and his hand. His white robe was stained with red splotches. Adikavi was about to raise the alarm when Cadfeal stepped from the shadows to hasten the work of the snake bites. The Dark Elf plunged the Fang of Lolth deep into the belly of the ancient one. The blade sunk to the hilt and Cadfeal twisted it. 

The blade was coated in Cadfeal’s personal concoction of poisons. He combined three toxins. One to infect the wound, another to eat the surrounding flesh and the third poison attacked the nervous system, paralyzing the victim. It was that combination of poisons that dripped from the Fang of Lolth as it pierced flesh and passed just below the ribs, scratching Adikavi’s heart. Blood filled his lungs and he began to gurgle. Cadfeal withdrew the blade.

Adikavi sunk to his knees. With his dying breaths he raised his arms and attempted to summon the Fire Elementals that had protected him all these years, but they sparked and fizzled and did not take form. Adikavi fell, face first in the dirt before his assassin’s feet.

A crowd had gathered, alerted by Adikavi’s initial cries. The Orc had emerged from their tents to investigate. Most arrived in time to witness the Dark Elf withdraw the long stiletto blade from between the fourth and fifth rib of the ancient one. Late comers joined the crowd and they formed a circle around the Dark Elf and the dead Sage. Cadfeal, still holding the Fang of Lolth in his hand, drew his Death Dealer with the other and began to pace inside the circle like a wild animal that had been caged. The circle expanded when he stepped near the edge. They seemed to be afraid of something.

Balesh burst through the crowd and stepped into the circle. He looked down at the corpse of the ancient one and his expression became grave and serious. His eyes then fell on the Dark Elf, who had since stopped his pacing, but kept his blades unsheathed and prepared. . 

“You fool. What have you done?” Balesh cried out.

Cadfeal felt emboldened by the reaction of the crowd that backed away from him while he was pacing before Balesh arrived on the scene. He came face to face with the Orc Chieftain inside the circle. He jutted his chin forward and took a tone similar to the one he heard the dead one take with Balesh.

“There was an obstacle in our way. I removed it,” The Dark Elf hissed.

“You do not know what you have done. You have brought doom upon us, you fool,” Balesh said standing his ground.

There they stood in the center of the circle, the body of Adikavi at their feet. Balesh drew careful appraisal of the wild eyed Drow. Cadfeal had not loosened his grip on sword or dagger. Balesh again looked down at the corpse of the ancient one and then back into the icy eyes of the Dark Elf.

The Drow has slain the immortal one, Balesh thought. This is a bad omen. There will be consequences to be paid down the road. This will not pass without repercussion. We find ourselves in league with real devils. The finger of blame for the ancient one’s death will fall squarely upon the Drow. We are only in part to blame for having let him into our midst. Perhaps Adikavi was right and I should not have aligned the Orc with the Spider Queen and her damnable demon spawned Elves, but it is too late now.

“Sheath your weapons,” Balesh said trying to diffuse the situation. “I have given my word to your Queen, but you should not have slain Adikavi. Nothing good will come of it, I tell you that now. There will be serious consequences for killing a Sage.”

Ancient one, Sages, it all makes sense now. Adikavi was one of the watchers. I have slain one of the immortal ones. No, this does not bode well, but it had to be done, Cadfeal thought as he sheathed his blades.

“I have received orders from my Queen. We set out at sunrise. Have the Orc ready,” Cadfeal commanded and then broke the ranks of the circle and strode back to the Shaman’s tent.

The Orc were assembled and at sunrise the Orc army was on the march. Seven days after they departed they crossed where Glasnant and Crisiant met, the Tower of Gwylfa a white spike on the opposite bank. The Orc Clans, led by Cadfeal, traveled at great speed and made for Demelza.


Chapter Twenty Two

“Stand thee at thy post, thy bow at the ready
High Elven sentinel of the night
Keep thy aim strait, sure and steady
Protect us until morning’s first light
Because just as sure as the Cataract to the south doth poureth
The Dog-men breed in the mountains of the north”
Elven Nursery Rhyme


Elan had never been to Talmal, he relied on the instructions that were given him by Cadfrawd, who had briefed him for his mission before he left Darryn. He was given a copy of the map Cadfeal had made. Cadfrawd had also read from Cadfeal’s report on the Dog-men, he had done the same for the Orc and Elan was grateful because he did not have time to receive the report first hand from Cadfeal in Adrika. As he negotiated the route laid out on the map he remembered what he was told about the Kobold. 

The Kobold were often referred to as the Dog-men, but they only resembled men in that they walked upon two legs, other than that they were canine in feature. They were covered in fur from head to toe of various shades of browns and grey, had pointy ears and small black eyes. The average Kobold stood half the height of an Orc, or chest high on a Human. Of all the races of Brynmor the Kobold were considered the least significant. They were seen as crude and bestial. They wore no clothing and employed only the most basic of implements.

The Kobold once dwelled primarily in Elfdom, but they were perceived as a nuisance by the Elves and were driven across the Crisiant. The Kobold made their home in the network of caves in the foothills of the northern mountains just west of the Crisiant. To the south were the Barren Lands. The Kobold called their home Talmal. Unlike the other subterranean races of Brynmor, the Kobold did not carve stone. The Kobold city of Talmal was merely a series of naturally formed caves linked together by a series of naturally formed tunnels. The walls remained rough and unfinished. The floor was uneven, tamped down by thousands of years of feet treading upon them.

The Kobold lived in extended family units, or packs. The pack consisted of a domineering male, several wives and their pups, which stayed with the pack until they were old enough to strike out on their own. The leader of a pack is always the strongest and fittest male of the family unit. The leader of the pack settled all disputes within the family unit. The packs were led by the largest and strongest and fittest of all males, Maluch and it was he that settled the disputes between the packs. Maluch’s bite was equal to his bark. Maluch had easily defeated his father, who had grown soft and survived for too long on reputation, to assume the title of Alpha Male.

Elan found the trek difficult going. The terrain was uncooperative, the Barren Lands with its rock and crag and sand, and then the tangled forest before arriving at the foothills of the northern mountains on the western bank of the Crissiant. The terrain in the foothills was much the same as it was in the Iron Hills and that made the going much easier as he neared where Talmal was marked on the map.

Elan did not travel in secret. It was his intention to be discovered. It would be much easier to find the city of the Kobold that way. There were risks to traveling in the open, but Elan weighed these risks and deemed them negligible. He felt confident he could kill any wild beast he should encounter along the way. Sure enough, a group of Dog-men found him as he strayed deeper into the foothills. At first they sniffed at him while the pack leader asked questions. Elan was then escorted to Talmal and brought before Maluch.

Tunnels sprouted off of tunnels, winding here and there with several niches and recesses, Dog-men huddled in. Each set of eyes that fell on the Dark Elf bore Elan strange looks as he was led through the tunnels to a grand chamber. A few tapestries littered the dirt floor, but the space was otherwise bare. Maluch rose as Elan entered.

Maluch was much larger than the other Kobold Elan had seen. The Alpha Male of all Dog-men stood as tall as a Human and looked down his wrinkled snout at the Dark Elf. Maluch sniffed at the air around Elan. These Drow have a strange odor about them, the Kobold Lord thought.

“I am Elan and I have an urgent message for Morfran, where can I find him?”

“Morfran is recuperating and he is with the prisoner. I will have you brought to him shortly, but first, tell me about this urgent message,” Maluch said and tilted his head.

“With all respect Lord Maluch, my message is for Morfran and Morfran only,” Elan stated emphatically.

The Alpha Male of all Kobold backed up a little and examined the Dark Elf’s expression. Maluch slowly walked around the Drow, who remained unmoving, but on the ready. The Lord of the Dog-men completed several circles around Elan before coming to stand again face to face with the Dark Elf. Maluch pricked his ears and smiled. Elan could see the rows of sharp teeth that lined the mouth of the Kobold Lord.

“I suppose you couldn’t tell me, sworn by oath and all, very well,” Maluch said relaxing. “I will have you brought to Morfran.”

Maluch barked a few commands at the guards that stood nearby and Elan was again led through the tunnels, turning this way and twisting that way until he arrived in a little alcove where Morfran lay on the dirt, his leg bandaged and an Elven maiden at his side. The Dog-men that had escorted him remained just outside the alcove, but within earshot. Again Elan would have to relay his message in front of unwanted ears.

Elan had only heard of Morfran by reputation and this was his first encounter with the Master of Spies. Elan watched Morfran rise to his feet brushing off the assistance of the Elf maid. Elan noted the Master of Spies favoured his bandaged leg slightly. Elan quickly determined that even with the injury, Morfran would be a deadly opponent and it would be wise to stay on the right side of the Master of Spies.

Elan glanced past the Master of Spies and fell upon Derwena, who sat with her legs curled beneath her in a corner of the alcove. His eyes lingered as he drank her in lustily. He smiled as he thought depraved thoughts. Derwena felt a chill creep across her skin from his gaze, as if a thousand tiny spiders crawled across her flesh. Derwena feared being left alone with this new Dark Elf; he seemed sinister and full of ill intention. The way that he looked at her made her extremely uncomfortable and it made her squirm.

Elan’s gaze lingered longer than it should have. When his eyes returned to Morfran he saw green flash in the eyes of the Master of Spies. Has he already ravaged her? Elan wondered.

“Sir, I bring orders from Darryn.”

“You may proceed,” Morfran said, the green fires still burning in his eyes.

Derwena sat in the corner of the cave trying not to draw attention to herself. She pretended to have no interest in what the Dark Elves discussed, but she listened intently. The Elven Princess knew her fate could hang in the balance of the conversation. She was able to determine the new Dark Elf was lower in rank and station than the one that had abducted her. Observing Morfran with others of his kind it became apparent to her that he held an important position within the Drow society. He gave off airs of superiority over the other and seemed accustomed to giving orders. In his official capacity she could see Morfran as an imposing and intimidating figure. It was clear who was in charge.

“As you can see, I have been injured and I cannot fulfill my obligations. You will have to lead the Dog-men in my stead. There is no other way,” Morfran said.

“And what of the prisoner?” Elan queried. 

“She will remain in Talmal with me,” Morfran said shifting his weight and trying to hide his discomfort, he adopted a defensive stance.

“But the orders are to bring the prisoner with you, since I stand in your stead, should not she accompany me,” Elan angled to have the hostage released into his custody.

It’s a long way to Darryn and in the confusion of battle there would be more than enough opportunity to devour this pretty little morsel. Elan thoughts ran wild and he imagined all sorts of depraved acts he would commit upon the innocent flesh of the Elven Princess. He was quickly brought crashing back down to reality by the voice of the Master of Spies.

“The prisoner stays with me,” Morfran said flatly.

Elan saw the almost imperceptible flick of Morfran’s wrist and though he did not see the glint of steel he knew the Master of Spies was now armed with a blade dropped handle first from the sleeve of his leather tunic. Elan realized forcing the issue would be dangerous. Unless he was prepared to kill the Master of Spies and face the consequence for doing so the matter of the prisoner was dead.

All was not lost Elan consoled himself in the knowledge he would receive royal favour from Rianon if he was successful in carrying out Morfran’s orders. The Queen will have to show her appreciation. Perhaps she will make me Master of Spies in Morfran’s place, ambitious dreams clouded Elan’s mind. Elan did not completely abandon his desire for the Elven Princess; he merely deferred it to a later time, when she was a captive in Darryn and Morfran no longer had influence. Maybe the Queen would even allow him to take part of the pleasures she would be subjected to in Dwyryd’s dungeon.

Derwena breathed easier when Elan had left them and would breathe even easier when he was gone for good. She could only imagine what he would if he were ever left alone with her. She shivered just thinking about it. For a moment she had regretted her decision to remain with the injured Drow when the Savage Elf had offered her freedom and safe passage back to Firth. Derwena was beginning to realize the true perils of her choice. 

“Why didn’t you let him take me?” She asked Morfran as he laid down, propping himself up on the rough rock wall. 

“I do not trust him, not with your safety,” the Master of Spies said in much softer tones than he had used to speak with the messenger.

“I should look at your wound,” Derwena said.

“It’ll be fine,” Morfran said, but it wasn’t fine.



Chozal had been in Talmal for a fortnight. He first realized something was wrong when he saw Lord Bleiddud sniffing around. Chozal thought it odd because the Liege of wolves seldom ventured this far north and seldom had anything to do with the Kobold. Chozal had seen Bleiddud speaking with Maluch under the night sky by the mouth of one of the caves. The Sage could not get close enough to hear what they said. He tried to question Maluch about the Lord of Dog-men meeting with the Lord of wolves, but was only rebuffed. Maluch danced around the questions without giving any real answers.

With each day that passed in Talmal, Chozal became more convinced that the Kobold were indeed in league with the Drow. The evidence was slowly mounting that that the Kobold were complicit in whatever plan the Drow had hatched. Chozal’s suspicions were confirmed when a shadowy Elven figure arrived in Talmal upon an impromptu stretcher made of two large branches with smaller branches woven between them. With the cowl of the Dark Elf’s cape pulled back, Chozal could make out the white hair, dark features, long thin nose and thin black lips that are distinctly Drow.

The stretcher was dragged by four Dog-men, two upon each pole. Accompanying the Dark Elf was an Elven maiden of exceptional beauty, who walked alongside the stretcher baring the Drow. Chozal witnessed the Elf maiden touch the shoulder of the Dark Elf in a comforting manner and the Sage wondered if the Elf maiden was a captive or if she had betrayed her kind to take up with the Dark Elf and the conspiracy was much deeper rooted than originally believed.

Chozal stayed out of sight and followed them into the system of caves that housed the Kobold. The wounded Drow and Elf maiden were brought to a recessed area and there they were left. Chozal studied the odd pair to see how they interacted, to determine if the Elf maiden was being held against her will or if she was there of her own volition. Chozal was not as inconspicuous as he believed. The Dark Elf that had been brought in on a stretcher had spotted him.

“Mind your own business Dog-man,” Morfran hissed at the figure he spotted in the shadows of the cave.

Chozal disappeared down the series of tunnels to confront Maluch. The Sage turned down a passage when he felt a twinge and then a sharp pain in his abdomen. For a brief moment he felt the spirit of Adikavi brush over him and he knew in that instance his brother had fallen. Instead of confronting Maluch, Chozal left Talmal and returned to the Tower of Gwylfa. 


Chapter Twenty Three

“Know your enemy as you would know yourself and know yourself as you would know your enemy. You can never be too familiar with your foe.”
The Dark Text


The Dwarves had long lived in close proximity to the Iron Hills. Long before the Drow were exiled from Elfdom, in the days before the Great War, the Iron Hills was once the home of the Orc. By the Accord and Treatise of Trevelyan the Iron Hills lay with the borders of the Dwarven Realm. The Dwarves believed they had ridded themselves of any menace dwelling in the foothills of the northeastern range of mountains on the eastern bank of the Glasnant.

Over the eons the Dwarf had hollowed out Mount Halldor. The need for iron increased and the lust for gold, silver, gem and jewel drove the Dwarf to delve into the foothills and mountains to the immediate southeast and east of Halldor. In time these resources were also depleted forcing prospecting expeditions to dig deeper and further from the mountain keep.

The line of Kings from Folkvar the Great to Thorvaldr had been dissuaded from sending expeditions into the Iron Hills. Haakon, the advisor of Kings, had persuaded twenty four of twenty five Dwarven Lords not to venture into, or disturb the old battleground because it would be blasphemous to disrespect the graves of the fallen. Haakon had been successful in deterring the expansion of Dwarven mining operations into the Iron Hills until the days of Thorvaldr when the need had grown too great. If the demand for iron was to be satisfied the Dwarves would have to delve into the riches of those lands that were granted them in the ancient accord.

Thorvaldr had granted a few prospecting claims, but prospectors never returned. Search parties had discovered the eaten remains of almost every prospector that had ventured into the Iron Hills. The general consensus was that they had fallen to wild animals, the Iron Hills rumored to be home to many wild and strange creatures. It was said the Iron Hills was a place where the shadows moved. Some said it was the spirits of those who had fallen in the Great War, but reasonable explanation could always be found as to why every Dwarven expedition into the Iron Hills had failed.

When the Drow beheaded a party of Dwarven prospectors and allowed the Dwarf Einar to return to Halldor to tell tale of it, it was only then that the pieces began to fall into place. It was not wild animals that had caused the death of all those prospectors over the years, they had been the prey of the Dark Elf, killed for venturing into their territory.

The words of the Sage, Haakon, did not fall completely on deaf ears. Thorvaldr had responded to the sage’s warnings by mustering every able-bodied Dwarf and enlisting the Humans to deal with the scourge of the Dark Elf. You will regret it if you awaken the darkness… Haakon’s words echoed in Thorvaldr’s skull.

Thorvaldr had gone over his battle plan with Tremain during the long night that followed the death of the Human King Llyarch. The Dwarven Lord had used a map and iron pieces to explain the plan to the boy-King. Tremain struggled to recall how Thorvaldr had manipulated the pieces on the map as he tried to explain the plan to Merryn and his captains.

“There,” Tremain pointed at the map, “there in that clearing, that is where we will make basecamp and command post.”

Everyone looked where Tremain pointed, the large swath of ground represented on the piece of parchment. It was depicted as a large level clearing that crested upon the foothills, northeast of the Glasnant. It was the last piece of ground large enough to be home to an army before the Iron Hills began. The captains nodded agreement, it was strategically the best place to stage an army on the map provided, but Merryn shook his head.

“I do not like it my Lord, I do not like it one bit,” the most trusted advisor of the deceased King Llyarch began, “for starters it’s too obvious. If I’m the enemy, this is the exact spot I would predict my enemy to stage his army. Secondly, I do not like the terrain around this clearing. You see here how the hills and valleys form a crescent and to our rear a funnel to Halldor. It has all the makings of a trap.”

“I considered this myself Merryn, but in this instance I am afraid the terrain makes the decision for us,” Tremain said, although he had not considered it at all until the old man had mentioned it.

Discourse erupted between the captains and Merryn about the logistics of their venture when a soldier entered the tent and stood rigid by the flap until Merryn addressed him.

“Yes,” Merryn gave the soldier permission to speak.

“Thorvaldr’s army has begun to flow from Mount Halldor,” the guard said in perfunctory tones.

“Thank you, have the men break camp and prepare to march,” Merryn dismissed the soldier and returned his attention to the discussion which continued while he addressed the soldiers.

“Well it appears we have no more time to discuss the finer points and all objections will need to be waylaid for the time being. Thorvaldr’s army passes through the great iron gates as we speak,” Merryn said breaking up the meeting and sending the captains back to their men. When everyone except for Tremain and his father’s aide had left the command tent the old man turned to the boy and pleaded one final time.

“My Lord, you know there is no shame if you return to Trevelyan with your father’s body. We will ensure your father’s will be done while you take your rightful place upon the throne.”

“Merryn, I don’t know how I can explain this, but this is something I must do,” Tremain said and in that moment he was not a leader of men, but the boy who had lost his father.

The boy is every bit as noble as was the father, maybe more so. Men will follow him not just because he is King, but because he is Kingly, even at his tender age. Merryn looked fondly upon the boy he had had a hand in instructing.

The Human army broke camp and fell in the rear of the Dwarven forces. The joined armies of Thorvaldr and Tremain marched upon the Iron Hills. Thorvaldr strode and Tremain rode at the head of the military train. A small group of Dwarves fell in front and flanked the royal personages and acted as a living shield. For two days they marched, resting only to eat and sleep until they reached the spot on the map where they would stage their armies. The guard halted in the vast open field, a few commands were quickly given and the two Kings were ushered deeper into the ranks of the army with Thorvaldr protesting the entire way.

“What is going on? Why are we being herded like cattle?” Thorvaldr cried.

“My Lord, we have come across some remains, we think they may belong to the six Dwarves that were slain by the Drow. It is difficult to tell. The animals have gotten to them,” one of the soldiers reported to the Dwarven King.

They had come across the very spot the Dwarven prospectors were slain. The desecrated decomposing bodies of six Dwarves lay separated from their heads around the ashes of a fire that had long gone cold. The decapitated prospectors had been stripped of their belongings and left for carrion and creature to feed upon. Limbs had been gnawed and chewed and flesh had been stripped from bone. 

Orders were given to collect and treat the remains with dignity. The bodies were buried in accordance with Dwarven custom. Tremain, from his position on horseback had a good vantage point to see what the commotion was all about. Seeing the headless decomposing bodies of the prospectors had made Tremain feel ill as certain realities became apparent to him. He felt himself shrink a little in his saddle. Tremain looked for the Dwarven King who had been encircled by his personal guard; from horseback Thorvaldr was easy to spot in his chainmail that had been dipped in gold. Tremain also saw Merryn, who was riding up to see what the problem was. Thorvaldr was busy barking orders so Tremain decided to intercept Merryn and ride back to the ranks of the Human army. Tremain explained to the old aide what he had seen.

“My Lord, this is a very bad omen,” Merryn said.

“What would your advice had been to my father were he here?” Tremain asked.

“My advice to your father would be the same advice I now give to you, my Lord. Return to Trevelyan and let armies do what it is armies do,” Merryn recommended.

“So you would have me turn tail and run like a coward,” the young Lord said in an accusatory tone.

“My Lord, your safety is my concern and this place just isn’t safe. I beg you to see reason. You should lead your army from the throne and not the saddle, rule with the scepter and not the sword.”

“And you would have said this to my father?” Tremain asked pointedly.

“I would and I did, Sire. From the onset, when request first came from the Dwarves and he got the notion in his head, I told him it was folly to accompany the army into battle of any kind.”

Tremain looked at the older man as he adjusted himself in his saddle and contemplated what his father’s most trusted advisor had just said. They had ridden to the ranks of the Human army and by that time the Dwarves had cleared the remains of the beheaded bodies and started setting up camp. The captains of the Human army saw this and issued the orders that their soldiers do the same. 

Merryn struggled from his saddle and Tremain leaped from horseback to his feet where the men had started setting up the command tent. The two men surveyed the area as the joined armies busied themselves with the task of constructing a village of canvas.

“It’s a bad way to begin things, this ground has already been befouled by death,” Merryn grumbled under his breath.

“Is that a bear over there,” Tremain asked pointing to the perimeter of the camp.

Merryn strained his eyes that had grown weak and weary over the years from reading countless official documents. He made out a large hairy shape near the bush line. The beast lumbered slowly as if encircling the camp. Merryn thought it odd the beast showed no caution. It was strange the creature showed no fear. The beast seemed curious as it lumbered slowly near the woods.

“I believe it is, my Lord,” the older man replied.

“Strange how it seems to circle us, as if scouting us out. Do you think the animals here could be agents of a dark master, reporting back what they see?” Tremain speculated aloud.

The man the young Prince had become in the last few days evaporated before the old man’s eyes and there stood before him was the boy he had known since birth with a head full of wild imaginings and other childhood wonders.

“No, my Lord, I do not think the animals are spies. I give you this bear here is acting odd, but I highly doubt that he is in league with our enemy. I think the sight of the dead bodies rattled you and your imagination has run away,” Merryn said trying to be the father the boy no longer had.

“You’re probably right Merryn. I do not like this place.”

“Then return home my Lord,” Merryn pleaded.

“I cannot Merryn. This is something I must do if I am to be King,” Tremain said dejectedly. 

“Sire, that is pure and utter nonsense,” Merryn said resolutely.

“It is not nonsense Merryn, my father often told me to be King means I should not ask any man to do what I myself would not. How can I ask these men to stay and fight if I do not?”

“My Lord, you do not just have a duty to these men, you also have a duty to an entire Kingdom to consider. Your safety is paramount in these times and your safety cannot be guaranteed here,” the old man said as he tried to appeal to the senses of the young Lord.

“Merryn, you always provided my father with steady council, but I can think of no safer place for me to be than surrounded by twenty thousand Dwarf and Men armed to the teeth.”

Merryn resigned himself to the fact that Tremain was determined to stick this thing through. It was an admirable trait, but one the older man feared would lead to the boy-King’s doom. Merryn smiled and conceded.

“You are quite right, my Lord.”

“So what do we know about these Drow? Let’s go over that again,” Tremain said changing the topic and tone of the conversation.

“We do not know much about them, my Lord, other than they were once Elves, Elves that had been corrupted by the Cult of the Spider. It was believed they were all destroyed when the crypt city of Sion fell. Since then the Drow have not been seen from or heard from, not until now and now we know less than we did five thousand years ago.”

“You said they were Elves once, what do you mean?” Tremain’s curiosity was piqued.

“They were a different sort of Elf. It is said they were dark of skin and had white hair and that they could blend into the shadows as if they were one of them. It was said that the Drow were wielders of very dark magic. Though they were Elf-kin, the Elves did not see them that way. The Wood Elf and High Elf believed the Drow a lesser and baser breed of Elf and the Drow were used mostly as a labour pool and were relegated to the mines in the days whens the Elves still mined the earth.”

“So in essence, what you are telling me Merryn is that here we sit on the eve of battle and we know nothing of our enemy.”

“I am afraid so, my Lord.”


Chapter Twenty Four

“War is only an excuse for atrocity,
It is a great toll we have paid
To pave the road to Peace
And to win our lands
We have learned the lessons of the Great War
We have made our sacrifice
Enough Elven blood has been spilled to last a thousand generations
And we will sacrifice no more”
The Elven Scrolls


Seven days after leaving Adrika, Cadfeal led the Orc across the river where the Glasnant and the Crisiant Y-ed. The current there was not as swift and the waters not as deep as they were in other places and it was the best place for a mass crossing. The shouts and war cries of the Orc army could be heard as far away as Trevelyan.

A small detail was dispatched from Trevelyan to investigate the disturbance. The patrol was led by Penrice, a young soldier on the rise. He traveled with six soldiers of lesser rank. Because of their close alliance, Humans had adopted Dwarven military tactics and operated in seven man units.

The portcullis was raised, the great wooden door lowered and the patrol rode out. They broke into a gallop and headed northeast following the road that joined Trevelyan to Halldor through Demelza and Hammit. It was not long before they saw a great cloud of dust upon the horizon. The patrol broke from the road and headed toward the source of the dust cloud. They reined in their horses when the great legions of the Orc came into view.

There were too many to count. Each man of the patrol sat speechless in his saddle trying to wrap his mind around what his eyes saw. Each man was afraid to voice what he really thought. They watched as hordes of Orc trampled earth, their blood curdling screams and howling reverberated in the men. Penrice realized time was short. He turned to the man on his immediate right.

“Jago, you must return to Trevelyan and sound the alarm. The rest of us will ride ahead to Demelza and warn the townsfolk there.”

Jago broke from the group and rode back the way they had come. The remaining six men made for Demelza. They pushed their horses to the limit to gain as much time as they could. The patrol arrived in Demelza a full day ahead of the Orc. One of the horses had died of exhaustion. Penrice ordered his men to go door to door and begin the evacuation of the town while he sought out Demelza’s Head Man.

The Head Man was a middle aged man named Kenver who owned several tracks of land and was responsible for collecting the King’s tax. Penrice found Kenver in one of the Head Man’s fields and apprised him of the situation. Kenver spoke a few words with one of his lead hands and then led Penrice to the town hall. The town hall was a plain long wooden building in the center of the village. Before entering the town hall Kenver rang the large brass bell that hung on the front steps. They went inside and waited for the others to arrive.

The townsfolk began to trickle in a few at a time. They formed little groups and talked excitedly in themselves. Penrice’s men had knocked on almost every door and they were met with the same response, they had little success in persuading the townsfolk to leave. When the bell was rung the soldiers followed the townsfolk to the town hall. 

Kenver and Penrice stood at the front of the large empty space, furthest from the door. As the soldiers filtered in they went straight and spoke with Penrice. When everyone had assembled the Head Man called the meeting to order. The voices of the others trailed off and when Kenver had everyone’s complete attention he addressed the people of Demelza.

“Friends and family, as most of you have already heard, an army heads our way. The King’s men have ridden hard to bring us fair warning and they advise us to leave our homes and flee for our safety.”

At this point Kenver was drowned out by shouts of protest coming from all corners of the large room.

“This is our home.”

Where will we go?”

“Where is the King’s army to protect us?”

The meeting descended into chaos. Voices were raised and arguments erupted between the townsfolk and the soldiers. Penrice ordered two of his men to bring him a crate. When the crate had been brought to him he climbed upon it and stood above the crowd. He cleared his throat and he cried out at the top of his lungs.

“Silence, everyone, listen to me.”

The voices died down and Penrice struggled to keep his voice level and calm as he spoke above those that still mumbled their discontent.

“Time is wearing thin, take only what you need and what you can carry and flee to Trevelyan. The walled city is the only place that is safe right now. This is not a matter for debate. If you value your lives you must leave and leave now.”

“We can fight,” said a burly farmer, the dirt of his field still on his face.

Several of the men of the village joined in support when one man who had remained mostly silent throughout the proceedings asked a question of the Head Man.

“What will you do Kenver?”

This elicited a chorus from the crowd as they asked the same question in unison. The room fell silent and all eyes fell on the Head Man, including Penrice, because Kenver’s word would carry weight with these people. The Head Man thought for a moment and everyone waited anxiously for him to speak and give his answer.

“Demelza is my home and I will not readily abandon it. Not without a fight. Every man here is a free man, free to make their own choices, but I will stay and I will defend what is mine. With my life if need be,” Kenver said with a finality to his words. 

Penrice could not believe the insensibility of these people. Just how far must duty take me? Must I die with these fools, or is my commitment to these people fulfilled for having warned them? If I return to Trevelyan with my men and leave these people to die I will be branded a coward. My career will no doubt be stalled indefinitely. But if I stay and fight alongside these people I will meet my death to be sure. Penrice’s thoughts were interrupted by Broult’s voice. Broult was a soldier with a long history of delinquency and insubordination and would have been patrol leader were it not for his attitude because he was as fierce with his sword as he was with his mouth.

“You’re all insane,” Broult shouted above the rally cry of the townsfolk. “You want to stay and fight. You are a bunch of farmers and herdsmen, what do you know of fighting. If you stay you are just committing suicide. We’ve seen the army that comes this way and not even Llyarch’s army could stand in the face of such a force, let alone a few ill trained and ill equipped villagers. You’re all crazy if you think you can survive this.”

Damn it man, why did you have to go poking the hornets’ nest, Penrice thought as he shot a cold look in the direction of the rancorous soldier. Broult took no notice of his superior’s harsh gaze and continued to froth at the mouth, arguing with the townsfolk. Penrice tried to regain order and after a few failed attempts he was successful.

“Everybody, we are wasting our time. Those that wish to leave, leave and leave now, the rest of you, if I cannot persuade you to flee for your safety then we should be using what little time we have to fortify Demelza. With the men that are here we won’t be able to defend the farms, if we do that one by one we will be over run and we will fall. Our only hope lay in defending the town proper.”

Penrice’s words had caused quite a stir and another ruckus would have ensued if the Head Man did not speak up.

“Penrice is right. We must form a unified front,” Kenver said and then turned to the soldier at his side and spoke in quieter tones. “You said this army follows the course of the river along the southern bank, did you not?”

“Yes,” Penrice said.

“Then they must first pass through some tracks of land I own. There is a gully not far where my lands begin on the outskirts of town. I think that’s where we should make our stand.”

“Then we should begin preparing, we can make earthen embankments and we can hope and pray that they will hold until help arrives,” Penrice said, but he knew no help would be forthcoming.

“What help do you think is coming, sir,” Broult said under his breath just loud enough for Penrice to hear him.

“We will hold of the hordes while you ride forth and apprise our King of the situation. So our hope rests in your hands Broult. Now get out of here and save your own skin you miserable coward,” Penrice said sharply ending the dissension of his subordinate. 

That’ll wipe the crooked smile off your face you foul mouthed dog. Penrice thought as Broult, still fuming, turned and left the building. Penrice knew that Broult was right, that it was suicide to stay. They could not hope to still be standing when word reached the King and Trevelyan would not respond, the remaining soldiers inside the walled city would be too busy manning the defences and were already spread too thin. Broult was right, but a sense of duty bound Penrice to the fate of Demelza.  

The outlook was already grim so it was in the best interest of everyone to send the least deserving of the men in Penrice’s command to advise the King of the situation. Broult was a negative influence and it was better to be rid of him. Penrice gave the option to the remaining four men of return to Trevelyan because he could not in good conscious order them to stay and face their sure death. The four remaining soldiers unanimously elected to stay of their own volition, each bound by a sense of honor to do so.

Kenver dismissed everyone and every able bodied man and boy of Demelza made for the gully where they would make their stand. They were armed with pitchforks, shovels, axes for chopping and splitting wood, mauls for driving stakes and the odd sword that had seen more time on the mantelpiece than on the battlefield. 

They are a strong lot, these villagers, but there is not a battle tested man among us, not even my men and I, and we will be looked to for leadership when the fight begins. Penrice thought to himself as he instructed the townsfolk on the building of the embankment. He looked at how the valley narrowed and funneled into the gully. It will not be long before the Orcish hordes begin to flow through that opening. They will be limited to ranks that are ten abreast, but they will be able to throw wave upon endless wave of ten fresh fighters. We will not last long, no matter how fierce we fight we will weary and we will fall. Damn these fools not getting out of dangers way when they had the opportunity.

The sun set and dusk cast an eerie red glow on the valley where the townsfolk of Demelza, led by five low ranking soldiers, waited for the enemy to descend upon them. Torches were being lit in preparation of the coming darkness. They heard first the war cries of the advancing army. The people of Demelza could not tell if it was they who trembled, or the ground that shook as the great horde of Orc trampled the ground and broke into the valley.

It all happened so fast. In seconds the Orc were over and around the embankments as though they were not there. There were only a few bows among the villagers of Demelza and only a few arrows got off before fierce hand to hand combat ensued. The meager defences were breeched on the first wave of several.

The townsfolk fought with their pitchforks and whatever else they could get their hands on and could use as a weapon. The five soldiers fought valiantly, but one by one they fell. Penrice was the last of the soldiers standing, most of the men and boys that had defended Demelza had fallen. Penrice’s blonde hair and flesh was slick with blood. He swung his sword wildly at anything that came in his range.

The Orc hordes had formed a circle around Penrice They decided to have sport with the last survivor of the Human defenders. They taunted him with shouts in a tongue he did not understand. A large Orc stepped into the circle, his great tusks jutted up from his lower jaw. The Orc wielded a club fashioned from the bond of an animal soldier had never seen before.

“This is Skullsmasher,” the Orc said in the common tongue but in a strange accent as he struck the end of the club against the palm of his massive hand.

Penrice hefted his sword and adopted a defensive posture. His arms were too tired to assume the high guard so he held the sword at chest level, the tip pointed at his foe. Penrice waited for the Orc to attack, but the Orc patiently circled the soldier tapping the club in his hand. 

“You have fought well, but now you are going to die,” the Orc snarled.

And what a pointless death it will be, Penrice thought as he lunged and thrust his blade, but the Orc deflected it with Skullsmasher. The impact of club upon sword reverberated through the hilt, into Penrice’s hands and then through his entire body. It threw him off balance. The Orc swung Skullsmasher at the staggered soldier, but Penrice managed to evade the blow. 

Penrice regained his footing and again lunged at the Orc who easily sidestepped the attack. As the Orc avoided the soldiers blade he hefted the club high above his head and from the tips of his toes came down with the full force of his weight and strength combined. Penrice’s helmet split in half and the blow had been so great that the soldier had not felt it. Everything just went black.



Caya trembled beneath her bed. Her heart raced. She could see the flames licking the darkness between the cracks in the wall. She could hear the screams of the women and cries of the children coming from the other houses as if they were in the same room. She was terrified and she was alone.

Her father had told her to remain hidden before he went off to fight alongside the men. Her mother had died when she was very young and Caya had very little memory of her. She had been an only child and her father had done the best he could to raise her and as she approached a marrying age he became protective and over-bearing. Caya was a timid girl to begin with and her chronic anxieties combined with her fears as she shook uncontrollably. She could not help but squeal loudly when the door exploded into board and splinter and three Orc came bursting in.

The Orc rushed in to the two room hovel seeking out the issuer of the cry. They overturned furniture and broke things as they went through the tiny farmhouse. Caya saw the set of feet approaching her. She held her breath and the tears streamed down her face. The Orc flipped the bed leaving her to cower in plain sight.

“What have we here?” the Orc that overturned the bed said.

His massive greyish-green hand reached out and grabbed a fist full of the girl’s hair. Caya screamed as the Orc lifted her off the ground by her tresses. She struggled and kicked, scratched and bit. The Orc struck her with his free hand and threw her to the ground. The Orc’s two companions joined him.

“Hold her down,” the large Orc that had found the girl commanded. “I want to taste Human flesh; you can take your turns when I have finished.”

The Orcs seized the girl and pinned her to the ground while the largest Orc climbed upon the girl and tore at her clothes. As he entered her she felt as though she was being torn apart. She blacked out from the pain. One by one the three Orcs violated the young girl. They left her for dead and put the torch to the little farm house with the girl inside.



Cadfeal moved about the sea of Orc looking for Balesh after the battle. He pushed to the front of a gathering of Orc to see what was going on. They had formed a circle around a Human soldier. Cadfeal was there when Balesh stepped into the circle and began to toy with the man.

Amazing he’s still standing, this Human, I wonder how many Orc he has accounted for and I wonder if all Human soldiers are this fierce? Cadfeal thought as he watched the death dance to its conclusion. Balesh grew bored with his game and with one mighty blow caved in the man’s skull. There was nothing discernable or recognizable about the soldier’s face after the club sent pieces of flesh, skull, teeth and jaw in all directions. 

The bodies were being counted and the Dark Elf conferred with the Chieftain of the Orcish Clans.

“Why did you toy with that Human?” Cadfeal asked.

“I was not…toying…with him. I was giving him an honorable death, a painless one. He had fought well and deserved it,” Balesh explained.

“Well you’ve had your fun. Now we have work to do. Order the village burned and the women and children killed,” Cadfeal commanded coldly.

“I do not like this.”

“You don’t have to like it, just see that it is done.”

Balesh relayed the order to the clans who carried the order out. The Orc swarmed the village and ransacked each house before putting it to the torch. Children were bludgeoned to death and women were raped and then killed, the infirm were murdered in their beds. When the Orc were done Demelza burned bright in the night sky. The fire burned so bright the stars retreated. 

With Demelza ablaze, Cadfeal and Balesh broke the army in two. The smaller force, led by Cadfeal, would take the indirect route, hugging the southern shore of Lake Cemlyn and sneaking past an emptied out Mount Halldor to cut off the escape route and mop up any foe fleeing the field of battle. The bulk of the army would pass between the Glasnant and the northern shore of Lake Cemlyn to arrive on the field of battle and flank the enemy. 


Chapter Twenty Five

“Elves mate for life, or not at all,
When the bond by death is broken
An Elf will mourn their partner,
They will be inconsolable in their grief
And they will fade,
They will perish,
Should they not perish
They will exist with a permanent void within,
A great chasm the soul cannot traverse
And they shall be a shell of their former self
Empty and alone
For the remainder of their existence”
The Elven Scrolls


Adikavi was gone. Awena knew it in her heart. She had felt him touch her a week prior, warning her and then she felt his light extinguish. As she had done every every night she had been waiting for Council to reconvene, Awena walked the white forest of Caerwyn. As had become her habit her feet wandered toward the northern bank of the Glasnant.

As she walked toward the river she heard upon the wind a sound she had not heard in an age upon an age. It was distant and it was faint but it was distinct and it was growing louder. It was the war cry of the Orc, not heard since the days of the Great War. Awena hastened her step. She ran the last stretch to the river’s edge and when she got there she stood in horror.

Across the river she saw the dancing flames of a thousand torches headed toward Demelza. It has begun, Awena sighed. We have failed. Awena had never known such utter hopelessness as she had in that moment. It felt to her as though all were lost and that Adikavi had died for nothing. Her sorrow for the fallen Sage ran deep. My brother, you were the oldest and wisest of us and we could use your council now most of all, Awena spoke those words in her heart as she wiped a tear from her eye.

Awena returned to Caerwyn to bring news of what she had seen, even though she knew that it was already known. No doubt the sentinels that watched the southern bank had reported it. She could only hope that the Orc crossing the Crisiant would spur the Elves into action, but at the same time she feared that even if the Elves mobilized every available bow in Elfdom it would not be enough to stop the scourge that had befallen Brynmor.

Awena sought out Lord Cyndeyrn and Lady Hywela but could find them nowhere, nor could she find Grigor, the personal secretary of the Great Lord and Lady. The Elves she encountered behaved oddly and avoided her. She spotted Lord Onllwyn and Lady Ameldha near a delicately crafted arch. She approached the two. They did not notice her because they were deep in conversation.

“Where are the Great Lord and Lady? I must speak with them,” Awena said tersely.

The Lord and Lady turned to face the Sage. Their faces were marked with the deep lines of sadness. Their expressions conveyed tragedy. The Lady Ameldha took Awena’s hand.

“She has been poisoned, the Great Lady Hywela has been poisoned,” Ameldha said, her voice choked up and tears in her eyes.

“Take me to her,” Awena commanded.

The Elven Lord and Lady led Awena to a secluded spot where there stood an ornately carved totem and at the foot of the totem Lord Cyndeyrn wept over the lifeless body of Lady Hywela.

“Gone, gone, she is gone,” the grieving Lord Cyndeyrn cried.

Through the tears the Elven Great Lord leveled his eyes upon the Sage who stood with Onllwyn and Ameldha. Rage seethed to the surface of the Elven Lord.

“You, you, it’s all your fault. You brought this evil to Caerwyn,” Cyndeyrn accused the Sage as he pointed a finger at her.

Awena realized there was no reasoning with Lord Cyndeyrn in his grief. She turned to Lady Ameldha and Lord Onllwyn and spoke softly.

“The Orc have crossed the Crisiant, they make for Demelza as we speak. The Elves are in grave danger. We must assemble what remnants of the Council we can. Where is Grigor?” Awena asked.

“No one has seen Grigor all day, he’s nowhere to be found,” Lord Onllwyn replied.

Traitor, the word was stamped upon Awena’s mind. She had no evidence but she had her suspicions. The Wood Elf had been acting strangely ever since Awena arrived in Caerwyn and she frequently spotted him skulking around the woods when she took her walks in the evenings.



Prince Derfael wept uncontrollably and the Lady Rhoslyn did what she could to console him. His grief was great. The abduction of his daughter, Derwena, had deeply affected the Elven Lord. He neither ate, nor slept. He had begun to wither away from worry. 

“Why?” Prince Derfael cried from his knees.

“Ours is not to reason why, my love, there is no reason and there is no answer that could be given to soothe you this sorrow,” Lady Rhoslyn said as she brushed a tear from her life mate’s cheek.

“We spent too much time in Caerwyn. We should have been here in Firth. We have failed, we have failed…” his voice trailed off.

“My love, there is nothing we could have done. They would have taken her anyway. She would have been gathering Althaea that day as she always does whether we are in Firth, or Caerwyn. They still would have found her and they still would have taken her, there’s nothing that could be done and there is nothing we can do except to give in to the demands of the ransom and that has been done. Sentries no longer watch the Crisiant and the land to the west. We have all but handed the keys of Firth to our enemies. It is treason, but it is all we can do, it is our only hope,” Rhoslyn said softly.

This was one of a thousand such conversations they had had in the wake of Derwena’s abduction. They were always the same. Everything that could be done had been done. Lady Rhoslyn had seen to the river defences being abandoned. It was a relatively easy thing to negotiate as the Wood Elves of Firth had not seen Orc or Kobold in nearly five thousand years. Only a pack of wild wolves stalked the western banks and they were hardly a threat. 

Lady Rhoslyn had seen to all the affairs since their daughter’s abduction. She did all these things while Prince Derfael cried and crucified himself upon the rack of guilt. She had delayed their return to Caerwyn further by sending a second message advising the council that Prince Derfael had fallen ill. This was not far from the truth because the Elven Lord was sick with grief. It would buy them time, but time for what. It was doubtful this Dark Queen of the Drow would honor the terms of the ransom and return their daughter. Lady Rhoslyn knew the likely outcome was that they would all be slaughtered, like humans slaughter sheep and cattle, but it was their daughter and there was nothing she wouldn’t do to have her daughter once more in her arms.

The Lady Rhoslyn sat upon the earth beside her beloved. She felt his sorrow, she felt his grief and she felt his guilt. She cradled the Prince in her arms. She could sense the end was near. Night settled upon Firth and the Wood Elf took to the branches to rest. Prince Derfael and Lady Rhoslyn remained on the ground, she gently rocked him in her arms and the confusion came. Firth erupted in chaos. Some tried to sound the alarm but it was too late. The Dog-men of Talmal had crossed the Crisiant under cover of darkness and had taken Firth by storm. Derfael and Rhoslyn did not stir; they remained beneath the branches of an elm, the Prince curled up in his beloved’s embrace. They could hear the growling and barking of the Kobold all about them in the woods. 

The bushes about them rustled. Lady Rhoslyn’s façade had melted away. She could be strong no longer. She trembled in fear. She could hear the sounds of her people being slaughtered, the Elves she had known all her life. It chilled her to think of her hand in what was happening. 

A shadowy figure stepped into the tiny clearing where the elm stood. Through his tears Derfael saw the Dark Elf, cloaked and cowl. Beneath the hood wisps of white hair framed a black face and eyes burned red flame. The Drow pointed a long thin blade at the cowering couple. Derfael composed himself and rose to his feet, stiffening his spine, the tip of the sword pressed lightly to his abdomen. The Elven Lord summoned all the courage he could find and he spoke.

“Where is my daughter?” Prince Derfael demanded
 
His voice horse and broken and Derfael could not keep his words from trembling despite exercising as much control as he could. The Dark Elf smiled a crooked smile and the Prince saw the row of white teeth.

“She is safe for the moment. You however are not,” the Drow hissed.

The Dark Elf ran Derfael through. The blade slipped between two ribs skewered the heart and exited through the back near the middle of the spine. The Drow plunged the blade deep, to the hilt while he glowered and glared at the dying Elf. The Dark Elf withdrew the blade from its sheath of Elven flesh and Derfael crumpled to the ground.

The Drow then turned his attention to Lady Rhoslyn. She quivered and cried out as the black skinned Elf stepped toward her. With a sudden flash of his unarmed hand he grabbed a handful of Lady Rhoslyn’s grey hair and she let out a terrible scream. He lifted her to her feet by her tresses and rested the blade against her breasts. She looked around with wild an panicked eyes as he drew his face close to hers. His flaming red eyes bore into her.

“High borne bitch, tonight I’m going to make you bark and howl like the dog you are,” He said before he sheathed his sword, spun her around and forced her to her hands and knees.



Elan returned to the alcove where Morfran recuperated from his wounds and guarded the Elven Princess where he was to receive his final instructions of the battle plan as drawn up by Rianon. Elan would need to know these things if he were to lead the invasion of Elfdom. The Master of Spies drew a crude map in the dirt on the cave floor and instructed Elan where he was to cross the Crisiant. 

“Right here is the best place for a large scale crossing. The waters are not too deep and the current is not too swift. If the custodians of Firth follow the ransom, the river should be unguarded and your crossing should go unnoticed and you should be able to take the Elves by surprise. If they haven’t given in to our demands then they will be waiting for you,” Morfran said.

“All the more reason why I should take the hostage with me, I would then have a bargaining chip.” Elan had tried one last time to pry custody of the prisoner from Morfran.

“Derwena will stay with me in Talmal. She is my prisoner, and I will not have you risking her by taking her into battle. Besides, do you not think the Queen has intention of perhaps bartering the Elven Princess for something other than Firth? The War is just beginning Elan and Firth is of many battles to come. The prisoner’s value goes beyond the sacking of a single Elven outpost,” Morfran said.

It was not lost on Elan that Morfran had first referred to the prisoner as Derwena. So our Master of Spies has gone soft on the Elf maid, I will never get Morfran to hand over the prisoner now. He wants her for himself. I don’t blame him. She is delicious, but she is not worth dying for.

“The discussion is over regarding the prisoner,” Morfran hissed. “Now, once you have taken Firth you will make for Kendal and you will wait until Cadfeal begins his assault on the outpost before launching your own attack.”

“Sir, what if Firth fails to fall as we expect?”

“Then you will fall upon the Fang of Lolth.”

The meeting concluded and Elan left the Master of Spies to guard over his prisoner in the bowels of Talmal. Later that evening Elan and Maluch led the Kobold across the Crisiant where Morfran had instructed. The packs traveled fast and Elan struggled to keep pace. No Elves stood guard and the Dog-men were able to make the crossing without meeting resistance. They did not meet any actual opposition until they swarmed Firth. The Wood Elves of Firth were taken by surprise and didn’t even have time to sound the alarm and most didn’t even have time to grab their bow.

Great confusion fell upon the Elves. Descending from the treetops they were hunted down by the Kobold. The Wood Elves rallied and tried to repel the attack, but their numbers were too small. The Elves fought fiercely as the Kobold leapt, bit and clawed at them from every angle. Cloth made from hemp did little to protect the Elves against the fangs, teeth and talons of the Dog men. The only defence the Elves had was to return to the treetops, but the Kobold only waited at the bases of the trees because whatever went up must eventually come down. A few braver Kobold pursued the Elves up the trees.

The Dog-men howled and bayed and attacked the Elves in packs. Elan strode through Firth, his Death Dealer and miniature crossbow drawn and ready. The Kobold were mopping up what remained of the Elves of Firth and hunted down the ones that attempted to flee. The Drow scout earned a new respect for the Dog-men. Unrelentingly they hunted down the Elves and when they caught them they viciously tore them to shreds.

Elan had not come out of the shadows until the battle for Firth was near over and was sure his safety could be guaranteed. He did not actually take part in the battle other than to issue the command to attack through Maluch. Also through Maluch, Elan had ordered the ears of fallen Elves be collected. He had no orders From Morfran, Cadfeal, or Cadfrawd to do so, but Elan wanted the proofs of his great victories. 

While he wandered through the desolation of Firth he came across a clearing in which an Elf Male and his Lady comforted one another beneath the branches of an elm. The Elf stood immediately upon seeing Elan and demanded his daughter.

So this must be the Lord and Lady of Firth, High Bloods. The she-Elf does bare a resemblance to the prisoner in Talmal, not quite as tender, but every bit of delicious, Elan thought to himself before running the Lord through and raping the Lady. These were the only two Elves Elan had actually slain in the battle of Firth although he would take credit for many more. When he was done violating the she-Elf Elan killed her and then he hacked off the ears of the two Elves he had murdered.


Chapter Twenty Six

“The first duty of a King
Is to his people
Everything else is secondary,
To be noble is to be a servant,
It is not with decorum that a King must carry himself
But with honor and principal
In all that he does
Because a King is only as rich
As the poorest of his subjects”
The Edict of Kings


Trethowan walked the long winding road that led from Hammit to Halldor. It was Trethowan who had lost the most who had been selected to deliver word to the King of the strange happenings that had recently shook the tiny little hamlet. His son Hendry no longer clung to life, but the boy was not the same following the death of his brother. Hendry’s near death experience had left the boy with a shock of white hair. When Hendry had regained consciousness and he was well enough to speak he gave an account of what had transpired and he told of the creature from fairy tales that had attacked him.

Ancient folklore spoke of a creature called the “Drider,” but they were about as real as unicorns. Stories designed to scare children in their beds. It was said the Dark Elves that inhabited the fabled crypt city of Sion created an abomination that was neither Spider nor Drow, but something that was both., an eight-legged creature that had the upper body of a Black Elf. It was said that the “Drider” must subsist upon the warm blood of the living, or very freshly dead and they did so by first paralyzing their victim and the encasing them in a cocoon. 

Trethowan, a skeptic, would not have believed such a thing possible had he not pulled the webs off of Hendra and Hendry. Losing a son and almost losing another made him a believer in the evil things that lurked in the dark. Before the incident Trethowan had not given much credence to the many rumors that had floated around Hammit. He had assumed most of the animal deaths were just poor creatures that had fallen prey to wolves and the like. He had assumed that the stories about the Iron Hills were a bunch of hullabaloo invented by the wild imaginings of people with nothing better to do. As he strode along the road to Halldor he wasn’t sure about anything anymore.

Trethowan came to the gates of Halldor and the spot where King Llyarch’s army had camped, but they had moved on. He continued his journey north where there was no road. He followed the twenty thousand footsteps that had gone before. Trethowan followed the well-trodden ground. At night he rested, huddled in the darkness, he could swear he was being watched. He rubbed his goose-bumped flesh to warm himself against the chill night brought with it.

Trethowan was armed only with a large knife and a walking stick. He lay on the earth in the path that had been trodden by the soldiers. He did not have the kindling to start a fire. Darkness crept in  all about him. He thought he saw a set of eyes hiding in the bushes. There was a rustle and Trethowan’s hair stood on end. He saw the large lumbering frame come out of the thicket. Trethowan gripped his walking stick tightly and rose to his feet.

“Get, skedaddle, go one now get out of here,” Trethowan said much the same way he would to a child because he was ill-equipped to be dealing with a bear so best not be provoking one.

The bear looked at the man for a moment and then turned and rambled back into the woods. Trethowan decided not to rest the night and continued his trek, difficult as it proved to be in the night. There was little point in stopping as he had used up the provisions his wife, Tressa had packed. At sunrise he came to the clearing where the joined armies had bivouacked. He was immediately seized by soldiers who questioned him.

When he had satisfied the soldiers’ interrogation he was brought to the command tent. Trethowan expected to have an audience with King Llyarch, but instead he was brought before Tremain. The boy was pacing like a cornered animal while he upbraided one of the captains.

“What do you mean we lost two patrols this morning?” Tremain spit out the words.

“My Lord, the enemy, they are villains. They do not fight honorably. They refuse to meet us upon a field of battle, but ambush our men in suicide raids. They are fanatic fighters these Drow, each willing to die, no not willing, wanting to die. None of the tactics we employ seem to work. These Drow lay in wait and only when it is opportune for them do they spring,” the captain attempted to explain.

“Excuse, excuses…” Tremain said and waved his hand to dismiss the soldier. The Prince turned to the ragged looking man brought before him and said, “So what is this news you bring me, these tidings that cannot wait?”

“My Lord Prince, I have come from Hammit and I must speak with your father, the King,” Trethowan said.

“My father is dead.” Tremain said flatly.

This was bad, very bad indeed, the King dead, the words hit Trethowan like a sledgehammer as he looked at the boy. The fate of Hammit, nay the fate of the Human realms is now in the hands of a child. Trethowan was reminded of his own sons and the reason why he had made the treacherous journey. If the King was dead the son would have to do. Trethowan beseeched the heir to the throne to send aid to Hammit. 

The Prince’s face grew ashen as the villager gave his account of finding his two sons, one dead and the other near dead. Tremain was not yet accustomed to the idea of listening to petitioners, but the man that stood before him had risked his life to bring word of the strange happenings in Hammit. If he was to be King he knew he must send men to Hammit, but his forces were being taxed by the battle that wasn’t. He had already lost a tenth of his army to phantom raids and the deadly booby-traps the Drow had set.

As Tremain contemplated his reply a soldier burst through the flap of the command tent. His armor was dusty from a long hard ride. The soldier paid no attention to the villager and addressed Tremain directly.

“Prince Tremain, I am Broult of the seventh garrison of Trevelyan under the command of Penrice and I have urgent word for your father. I must see him at once.” There was a brashness about the soldier’s manners that Tremain did not like.

“King Llyarch is no longer, I am King now,” Tremain said shortly. 

“Things just keep going from bad to worse,” Broult muttered under his breath.

“What did you just say,” Tremain growled.

The boy came nose to nose with the dusty legionnaire, flint in his eyes. The words struck the soldier like a sledgehammer, rocking the man’s confidence. Tremain’s guard moved in, four burly men ready to intercede if the need arose. Broult thought quickly and said while he bowed his head.

“My Lord, forgive me, I meant no disrespect, my capacity for bad news it at its limits. I have ridden long and hard to bring the King word, Demelza is under attack. When I left Penrice, a contingency of Orc, vast hordes of them, were less than a day away from the village. My Lord, the villagers refuse to leave. Penrice will do his best to defend them, but he and the others cannot stand in the face of such a force. I fear by now Demelza has fallen.” 

Tremain turned his back on the soldier, and upon Trethowan who still stood waiting for a response from the boy-King. This he did so that the others could not read the expression upon his face. He felt overwhelmed and did not know what to do.

Your duty, my son, is to the people. You cannot abandon the people of Demelza or Hammit. You must send troops, the bulk to Demelza, but you must also send assistance to the people of Hammit, enough to deal with whatever unknown danger lay there. You were right, my son, sending such an army was too great a risk. Trust in yourself. You will know what is right to do, Tremain’s thoughts spoke in his deceased father’s voice.

“Merryn,” Tremain called still with his back to everyone, “see to it that this soldier is assigned to one of the patrols that has lost men and see to it that this poor villager is given a cot to rest. I need some time to think upon these matters.”

The old advisor saw to it the boy-King’s orders were followed through. He assigned the soldier, Broult to the Third Cavalry. Merryn then showed the villager where the midday meal would be served and then escorted the man to a tent that was no longer in use. The previous occupants having been killed in one of the Drow raids upon the joined armies. When Merryn had finished these things he returned to the command tent where he found Tremain alone in thought. The boy paced back and forth. 

Too much worry for too young a mind, too much weight rests upon shoulders that are too young. The boy should be discovering young maids and playing at love and poetry. He should not be asked to make the decisions he must make, no man should, especially one so young, Merryn thought as he stood just inside the flap. He cleared his throat to make Tremain aware of his presence.

“Merryn, how long have you been standing there?”

“Not long, my Lord,”

“Well don’t do that, you know I don’t like being spied on.”

“I was not spying on you, Sire.”

“Demelza, Hammit, my commitment to Thorvaldr be damned. Merryn, we have to do something,” the boy said full of indecision. 

“Yes my Lord, we must.”

“What would you do Merryn, what would you do were you me?

“My Lord, I could not even begin to fathom what it would be like to be you, but I can advise you as I once advised your father, and as I would have advised him in this circumstance so shall I say to you. You made a commitment to King Thorvaldr, that is true, but that was before there was direct threat to the Human realms. All this changes everything, my Lord, now that our lands have been invaded; your first obligation is not to Thorvaldr. The safeguard and security of your subjects and your lands should be your first priority. I would advise you to make whatever efforts you can to protect the people of your realm.”

“Merryn, send out the orders to break camp. Half the mounted troops will set out immediately for Hammit to investigate the strange happenings there. The remaining horsemen will accompany the army and me to Demelza. We will meet the Orc head-on upon the Plains of Demelza.”

“My Lord, what about Thorvaldr? He will not be pleased with our packing up and leaving.”

“I will deal with Lord Thorvaldr.”

 

The Dwarf King had been in bad temper for a week. He grew discontent with the ineffectiveness of his troops against a foe that refused to fight honorably. The losses were mounting. Thorvaldr had already lost a thousand Dwarves trying to push into the Iron Hills. The Dwarven Generals were unsure how to tell Thorvaldr the Human army broke camp and appeared to be preparing to leave the field of battle. The Generals feared the news of the Humans deserting the field of battle might send the Dwarven Lord over the edge.

Gilby, Oddvar and Gamble argued over who was going to break the news to the King. Oddvar was the youngest of the Generals and had bought his commission in the King’s army. He was not a career soldier, as were the other two. Oddvar drew the short straw and was nominated to inform the King of the Human army’s desertion.

By Tak, I hope the King does not shear my beard as he did that poor fellow under my command. Oh damn what’s his name? The thought crossed Oddvar’s mind as he strode to the King’s tent. The General was thinking of Einar, the prospector that had had his beard shorn after he delivered bad news. Einar had joined the King’s army to earn the right to once more grow a beard, or to die trying.

The General passed through the flap of Thorvaldr’s tent in the middle of his morning meal. The General delivered the bad news to the King and Thorvaldr went into a rage. The Dwarven Lord leapt to his feet and didn’t even bother to brush the crumbs and Owl egg yolks from his beard. The Dwarven Lord stepped outside the tent and made his way to the command tent of the boy-King. The detail assigned to the King’s protection scrambled to fall about Thorvaldr.

Tremain expected Thorvaldr and waited outside his command tent for the Dwarven Lord. Tremain had come to know Thorvaldr well enough during the last few weeks that he knew the Dwarven Lord would not take the news well. Tremain stood with Merryn at his side and watched Thorvaldr storm toward them cursing and spitting all the way.

“Damn it boy, why are your men breaking camp!” The Dwarven Lord said frothing at the beard.

“Lord Thorvaldr…The Orc have crossed the Crisiant and Demelza has been attacked. I must withdraw my army and send aide to my people. It is my duty as King.”

“You are not King yet boy and any authority you think you have is only because I granted it,” The Dwarven Lord said accusingly.

“I am conveniently a King when it suits you and I am not King when it doesn’t. Lord Thorvaldr, I am not your puppet. If I am a puppet then it is my people that pull my strings not you and right now my people need me, they need their King.”

“Boy it is foolish to rush off to face the Orc alone. We both stand a better chance if we remain united.”

“Then march with me to Demelza and give this patch of dirt to the Drow,” Tremain implored.

“Boy, we have too much invested in the Iron Hills. The Drow are about to break. They cannot hide out much longer and they will have to meet us on an open field of battle.”

“Lord Thorvaldr, I must defend my people. You know yourself, you would return to Halldor were it under attack. This is not open to debate. The only thing that is open for discussion is if you will join me or remain here,” Tremain said with as much finality in his voice as he could muster.

“Demelza is not Halldor, boy,” Thorvaldr sprayed his words

“Maybe so, but I must do what I must do and nothing you say can change that.”

“You will regret this boy,” The Dwarven King warned.

“I am already regretting a great many things Lord Thorvaldr…”

A captain of one of the patrols approached Merryn and the two spoke briefly. The old advisor then interrupted the two royals to relay to his King what he had been told.

“Sire, the men are ready to march, they only wait your command.”

“Thank you Merryn, I will be right with you,” Tremain said and then returned to his conversation with the Dwarf Lord. “Lord Thorvaldr, I hope that this does not lead to a fracture in the relations between Human and Dwarf and I hope when you see the cold light of reason you will realize you would have done the same. If I am to be King I have to provide and protect those in my realm and my people need their King’s protection.”

Thorvaldr stomped off, cursing and muttering obscenities. Tremain turned to Merryn and issued the order for the men to begin the march to Demelza. Two hundred mounted men set off for Hammit separate from the main army.


Chapter Twenty Seven

“The mark of a good General is not in the laying of plans or the makings of strategies; any fool can make a plan and follow it through to the bitter end. The mark of a good General is the ability to adapt his plan as the battle develops, because there has yet to be a battle that has gone to plan.”
The Teachings of Folkvar the Great


Activity in Darryn reached a frantic pace. The morale of the Drow remained relatively high despite the Dwarven and Human armies being camped upon the doorstep of the Iron Hills. Reports that Cadfrawd had received from Lord Arthfeal indicated that the morale in the opposing camp was waning. With the Queen’s consent, Cadfrawd had organized several small sorties to hamper the efforts of the enemy. Dwarven patrols delving into the Iron Hills had set off many of the traps that had been set. Dwarves that had been impaled were put on display throughout the Iron Hills.

The Captain of the Guard gave his report to the Queen, as he did every night after he met with Lord Arthfeal. The growth of the small pot of the Queen’s belly did not go unnoticed by Cadfrawd. The Queen would not be able to hide her condition much longer. Rianon caught him looking at her abdomen and she shot him a look that made the Captain of the Guard recoil in his thoughts and return to the matter at hand.

“My Queen, Lord Arthfeal reports that the Human army has left the field of battle and make for Demelza to intercede the Orc.”

“Yes, everything is unfolding exactly as I had expected, the conflagration of Demelza produced its desired effect. The Humans rush to save a town that no longer exists. Our intelligence tells us Demelza has been burned to the ground and none of the Humans that dwelled there remain among the living. The Humans will be smashed by the Orc long before they reach the smoking ruins. We need only now to wait for Arthfeal to tell us the Humans have been smote and we launch our assault upon the Dwarven camp.” Rianon said pleased with herself.

“My Queen, what of the two hundred horsemen that head for Hammit?” Cadfrawd asked.

“Negligible,” Rianon responded in one word.

“Shall I order a pre-dawn raid upon the Dwarven encampment?”

“No, we must conserve our forces. We will give Thorvaldr the day to stew upon the Human’s abandoning him. This will affect him more than the death of any Dwarf on this day,” Rianon said with a wicked smile and a look in her eye as though she were possessed. 

Cadfrawd shifted and looked around the quarters of the Queen. The soft red light that glowed throughout the chamber had always given the Captain of the Guard an uneasy feeling. Perhaps she chooses this lighting just for my discomfort. Nothing this Queen does is without intent and purpose. She is very deliberate in all she does; Cadfrawd had begun to have full confidence in his Queen. Almost everything she had predicted had come to pass. It was as though the Great Spider had blessed her with some sort of prescient power, but Cadfrawd had his reservations still where the blessings of the Gods were concerned. Cadfrawd was devout in his belief but remained skeptical where signs and omens were concerned. Sings and omens didn’t win battles. Victory would always be delivered on the point of a sword. 

“Have you any final instructions before I return to my duties, my Queen of Spiders,” Cadfrawd said in perfunctory fashion.

“No, that is all. You may go now,” Rianon said dismissing her Captain of the Guard.

Cadfrawd clicked his heals, bowed, turned and exited the Queen’s chambers. After he had left, Rianon went and knelt before her altar. She reached for an ornate box that was neither large nor small. She retrieved from the box a rolled up piece of parchment and returned the box to its place beneath the altar. Rianon spread the scroll out in front of her. The script was ancient Elven cursive combined with glyphs and strange symbols.

Rianon could read the Elven script. It was with the cryptographic images she struggled. The scroll had passed through death from one High Priestess into the hands of the next. Every High Priestess since the exodus of the Drow had tried to break the cypher, but none had succeeded. Rianon felt she was close. She tapped one of the images with a long black fingernail.

After some time studying the scroll, she placed it back in the ornate box. Then as she did every night before turning in she prayed to Lolth for strength and guidance and to watch over the Drow.



Cadfeal led the smaller force of five hundred Orc down along the western shores of Lake Cemlyn They rounded the bottom of the lake and made north. As they approached Mount Halldor, Cadfeal ordered the Orc to assume single file formation to avoid detection. This strung the Orc out over a great distance. Cadfeal took the point and was the first to see the horsemen headed their way. Cadfeal signaled the Orc to take cover then dove into some nearby bushes and melted into the shadows.

The Orc were large and clumsy and not built for stealth. The horsemen had spotted them and charged the single file formation as those in front dove for the bushes and those in the rear rushed forward. The Orc acted in total chaos. 

Cadfeal watched from the bushes as the Humans made short work of the five hundred Orc. He knew that joining the fray would only lead to his death so he remained a shadow that nobody noticed. He removed his miniature crossbow and loaded it with a poisoned dart as a precaution. Daksha, the Orc that had stood guard over Cadfeal in Adrika, fought nearby and was about to fall, but when the soldier was poised to cleave head from shoulder Cadfeal let loose a dart that struck the horseman in the armpit where the armor was weak. The soldier tumbled from his horse and fell to the ground. Daksha ran off to be chased down and run through with a spear. Cadfeal reloaded.  

They were fierce fighters, the Orc, but they were no match for the men on their mounts. The Humans were able to dash up and down the straggled out ranks of the Orc as the Orc fell into disarray. Wielding sword and spear from their saddles the Humans ran through and chopped of limb and head. The Orc scrambled chaotically in final acts of self-preservation. Some Orc fled the battle field, but they were easily tracked down by the men Tremain had dispatched to Hammit.

When the battle was finished five hundred Orc lay dead next to eighty Humans. The remaining men continued southward to Hammit leaving the dead where they lay. When Cadfeal was sure the Human militia was gone and not returning he emerged from the bushes and assessed the situation. 

There was little Cadfeal could do but to continue to the Iron Hills. He hugged the eastern shore of Lake Cemlyn as long as he could as he moved north. He kept concealed in the shadows not wanting to risk being caught in the open. Progress was especially slow as he skirted around the Dwarven encampment at the foot of the Iron Hills. 

Cadfeal entered Darryn by the same entrance used by Cadfrawd for his meetings with Lord Arthfeal. He was recognized by a couple of the guards and allowed to pass. He allowed himself to relax as he strode down the tunnels of the crypt city and to the chamber of the Queen. 


Chapter Twenty Eight

“In the end all Kings will fall. All empires will crumble. All glories shall be short-lived. Our vanities would tell us otherwise, but the truth is, one day even we shall fall into ash and dust and memory, remembered only by a few words scribed in a dusty tome. But worry not children of Brynmor for when the ash has settled and grown cold and the right wind stirs, the fire-bird will rise once more and scorch the sky. So the torch passes from one generation to the next until it is extinguished by the tears of those that mourn us.”
The Oracle of Trevelyan


Tremain led his army by the most direct route to Demelza, not by Halldor and Hammit. This required them pass between the southern bank of the Glasnant and the northern shores of Lake Cemlyn. The swath of land was pockmarked with hills and small caves, the type that made good dens for animals. They traveled as fast as the soldiers on foot permitted them to. The terrain only permitted them to travel three abreast instead of the usual seven. 

Merryn rode in silence at the Prince’s side. The morale of the men was low. Their experiences in the Iron Hills fighting a faceless foe had soured their taste for battle. The romanticism had died and dirges replaced battle hymns. A solemn mood had settled upon the men. It was as though they marched silently to their deaths, knowing each step brought them closer to it.

The vale opened up and the lake veered southward, but just as Tremain’s army was about to enter the plains and the realm of man they were set upon in ambush. Orcs in great numbers flowed from behind the hills and set upon the Humans. The Orc issued terrifying war cries and blood curdling screams as they rushed the military caravan.

Tremain’s horse reared and threw him from his saddle. He struck his head upon a rock upon impact with the earth. Everything went black. 

When the Orc charged the convoy, Merryn and the captains began barking orders at the men. In all the confusion and chaos no one had seen Tremain being thrown to the ground when his horse reared and then sped away leaving the battle behind. Merryn dismounted and searched amid the battle for the Prince but could not find him. 

A large Orc covered and caked in blood and wielding a large club charged Merryn. The old man was not fast enough to dodge the blow completely as it caught him on the shoulder and sent him flying. The Orc slowly moved toward the man left defenseless by his blow. He brought his mighty club down on Merryn’s skull snuffing out the life of the Advisor to the Throne of Trevelyan. 

Men were torn from their saddles as the Orc swarmed and routed the Human army. The Humans fought well, but were no match for the numerically superior Orc. The ranks of the Human army were broken and the battle became every man for himself. One by one, men fell until the valley was littered with the corpses of the Human army with the bodies of a thousand Orc. 

The Orc pillaged and plundered the bodies of the fallen, taking weapons and whatever else might prove of value. Naked bodies were left to be eaten by animals and decay. When the battle was over Balesh rallied his troops and the Orcish Tribes continued their journey to the Iron Hills by the same route the Human army had taken. 



Thorvaldr sat in his command tent unable to sleep. Foul sounds of distant battle carried upon the wind and made everyone in the camp uneasy. The morale of the Dwarves was low and the night noises combined with their losses and the desertion of the Human army to produce a sinking of the spirits. With hope sunk down low in their boots, the Dwarf passed the night.

The sounds of distant battles subsided and all was still as the sun rose. The night had passed without incident. Thorvaldr rose without having slept and attendants aided in dressing him in his golden chainmail. The King picked at his breakfast. He was not hungry. An ominous foreboding filled him. Thorvaldr left his breakfast mostly untouched and stepped through the flap of the tent. 

A somber mood had enveloped the camp. A sense of impending doom had crept over the Dwarves. The faint cries that were heard in the night had rattled their spirits. Rumours spread that the Human army was slaughtered in battle by the Orcish scourge that had laid waste to Demelza.

Thorvaldr inspected his troops and then consulted with his Generals. The military advisors found it worrisome that the night had passed without the usual raids the enemy regularly conducted. They all agreed that something wasn’t right. The most cautious of the Generals believed that the enemy’s quietude was in preparation of a mass scale attack. Gamble, the oldest of the Generals was the strongest voice and steered the discussion.

“My Lord, we should make preparations of our own, tighten our perimeter and we should not send any more patrols into those damned Iron Hills. Let the enemy come to us, I say,” Gamble said over the drone of the other Generals.

None of the advisors would speak what they really thought. The unspoken consensus was that they should abandon the war, sound the retreat and return Halldor while they still could. They all knew the King would not stand for such talk so no one said what they all thought. While the Generals were discussing Gamble’s proposal a Dwarf of shorn beard entered the tent out of breath.

“My Lord King, the Orc, they are here! They arrive in vast numbers with the sun at their backs, great hordes of Orc are upon us,”

“You have a bad habit of bring bad tidings Einar! I should kill you now and be rid of any further ill news you may bring.” The King said, spittle flying from his lips.

Einar bowed so low his bald chin touched the earth. With nothing left to fear he drew voice without raising his eyes.

“My King, it might be a more merciful death if you do.”

Thorvaldr did not kill Einar, but turned to his Generals and began snarling orders. The Generals having received their orders returned to their troops to carry them out, but the combat had already begun. The Orc descended upon the camp. Simultaneously the host of the Drow army flowed out of Darryn. Dwarves rushed to fight the Orc leaving their rear vulnerable to attack.

The Royal Guard formed a circle around Thorvaldr as the battle raged at the foot of the Iron Hills. Einar had picked up an axe and fought among the King’s elite.  A mere hunter, Einar chopped down Orc, felling them as though they were trees. He fought like a wild animal as Orc and Drow enclosed upon the circle. Had any lived who had seen Einar fight on that day they would have said he earned the right to grow the greatest beard of any Dwarf. 

The Battle drew near a close when Thorvaldr himself picked up an axe and in his golden armor joined the fight with the few Dwarfs that remained. The King was a physically imposing Dwarf and he had been educated in youth in all the Dwarven arts, including the marital ones and he was a quite accomplished wrestler of bears. 

The Orc surged and the Drow swarmed and Dwarves fell in great number. Among the last standing were Thorvaldr and Einar who fought back to back, the dishonored Dwarf struck down any Dark Elf or black hearted Orc that came near the King. By the battle’s end he would account for the deaths of thirty-eight Orc and a dozen Drow. 



Lord Arthfeal, in bear form, stalked the perimeter of the Dwarven encampment. He patiently waited for his opportunity, for the opening in the Dwarven ranks that would permit him to get to Thorvaldr. Arthfeal knew a bear would draw no attention while a battle raged on and he stayed far enough away to avoid injury, or casualty. He kept a cautious distance and slowly circled the camp.

The fighting was pitted and each inch of ground was paid for with many lives on both sides. The Drow fought mostly from the shadows with poisoned dart and cross bow with the exception of the Drow shock troops, suicide fighters that rushed the Dwarven ranks with long thin swords that they wielded with great expertise. 

Soon, soon, soon there will be an opening in their ranks, there are but a handful left, it’s just a matter of time. Soon I will have my revenge. I will make you pay Thorvaldr, murderous Dwarven scum, you slaughtered my children for your sport and I will make you pay. I will tear you apart with my bare hands. The thoughts of the Lord of Bears raged inside his skull as he awaited his opportunity. 

Arthfeal saw his moment and seized it. He charged across the battle field on all fours and he let out a roar. The Orc had punched a hole in the Dwarven defences and exposed Thorvaldr from the rear. Just as Arthfeal was about to jump upon and maul the Dwarven Lord a Dwarf with bald chin leaped in the way.

The Dwarf hefted a heavy axe and swung it with precision just missing Arthfeal who morphed into Elven form as he dodged the swiping blow. The Dwarf swung again, but the Lord of Bears caught the axe near its head and tor it from the Dwarf’s hands. With his bare hands, Arthfeal punched into the Dwarf’s chest and ripped out his beating heart. The Dwarf with no beard collapsed as Thorvaldr turned to see the naked hairy Elf discarding the heart of the fallen Einar.

Thorvaldr’s gold plated chainmail armor was bathed by the spray of blood. His beard and long hair were slick and sticky and stained red. The Savage Elf took the remaining two steps to close the distance between himself and the Dwarven Lord. Thorvaldr heaved his axe high over his head, but the Elf was too fast, he moved like lightning slipping in and behind the Dwarven Lord. Arthfeal wrapped an arm around the King’s neck, under the chin and clinched the hold with his other.

“Murderer of my children, these are your last breaths, I just wanted you to spend them knowing that after I have killed you I will kill everyone else in your line, your wives, your mothers, your children, I will hunt them all down just for sport,” Arthfeal whispered in Thorvaldr’s ear before breaking the Dwarven King’s neck. 

Snap. Lord Arthfeal heard the bones break as he applied pressure. The body of the Dwarf went limp and the Savage Elf dropped him like a sack. He looked down at the crumpled body and spat upon it. Arthfeal changed back into a bear and lumbered off the field of battle while Orc and Drow put a quick end to the few Dwarves that still stood.


Chapter Twenty Nine

“Grigor, the traitor
Grigor, the treacherous
Grigor, the vilest Elf that ever lived
The name will live in infamy
And never again be bore by Elf.”
Lord Onllwyn, After the Fall of Caerwyn


Morfran and Derwena remained behind in Talmal with the female Kobold and their pups. Derwena had noticed that her captor had relaxed a little in the four days since the other Dark Elf had left. He returned to his previous demeanor. He sat with his bad leg outstretched and his back propped up on the rough cave wall. He looked at her as he scratched his chin with black slender fingertips. 

“What are you thinking about?” She asked him.

“What we are going to do,” Morfran said and his eyes softened and glowed warmly in the dim light of the cave. “I cannot take you back to Darryn, they will surely kill you there, but only after they have done unspeakable things. We cannot stay here. They will come for you if we do. I cannot return you to your people because by now they are dead. The only option we have is to leave and to disappear.”

The matter of fact way he mentioned the genocide of the Elf chilled Derwena. The casual manner in which he spoke of torture, his voice cold and dispassionate, disturbed her. What did they do to Morfran to make him like this? She wondered to herself. 

“Where will we go?” Derwena asked

“It doesn’t matter. They will hunt us down wherever we go,” Morfran said trying not to sound as defeatist as the thoughts that echoed in his head. 

“You’re right, it doesn’t matter,” Derwena reached out and touched his cheek. “As long as we are together everything will be alright.”

“I wish I shared your optimism,” Morfran said as he took her hand and looked deep into her eyes.

I should take her to Trevelyan. She would be safe there for the time being. It is the only place where she would be safe. They will kill me there, but she will be safe, Morfran decided.

They held hands and gazed into each other’s eyes. Their hearts beat in unison during the long soft silent exchange between them. A thousand conversations passed between them without a spoken word. They had bonded. They would be as one for the rest of their lives or suffer as no living creature should suffer.

“Well wherever we are going we must go soon,” Morfran said putting aside sentiment out of necessity.

“You are not well enough yet to travel anywhere,” Derwena said as her gaze fell to his bandaged leg.

“I will be fine,” Morfran declared.

“You will not be fine, you can hardly stand. I see how much it hurts you.”

“The leg is only stiff from not using it. I will be fine once we are on the move. We will leave tonight when the pups are being fed. We should be able to slip out of Talmal unnoticed. I will teach you how to bleed into the shadows when we have time, but for now just follow me, stay silent and stay close,” Morfran said.

Evening came and Kobold mothers saw to the feeding of their pups. Morfran took Derwena by the hand and led her through the series of tunnels of Talmal. Morfran limped quickly and Derwena saw the beads of sweat at his temple. They stepped out into the night and slipped into the bushes. They headed south following the river, but kept their distance from the banks of the Crisiant for fear of being spotted by Elf or Drow. 

Derwena did not know where he was taking her, or why she trusted him, but she did. She knew they fled the den of the Dog-men for her safety. She could sense his concern. They travelled all night and as the sun rose they searched a place to rest out the day. 

They found a small outcropping of rock and took shelter there. Morfran rested with his back to the rock and stretched out his leg. Derwena went off to find some fresh leaves to bandage his wounds with, but she could not find any of the right variety. She ventured closer to the bank of the river in hope of finding some Althaea.

Derwena stood on the west bank of the Crisiant and looked across the river. She knew Elfdom existed on the other side all she need do is wade across and she would once more be in the land of her people. She felt torn. She worried for her parents. Morfran explained to her that she was a bargaining chip, for which the Lord and Lady of Firth were to lower the defences of the Elven outpost.

“If you wish, you can still flee, but Firth has fallen and I’m afraid the prospects for Kendal and Caerwyn are not too promising.”

The voice came from behind Derwena and startled the She-Elf. She spun around and there stood Lord Bleiddud in his Elven form. She had not heard him approach. Her heart was in her throat as she gazed at the naked Elf covered in a fine fur. 

“It is alright, you have nothing to fear from me. Elves do not interest me and they have no interest in wolves,” he said in a soothing voice. “You should run. You are his prisoner no more. You should make for Trevelyan. It is the only place you will be safe.”

Derwena turned her back to the Savage Elf in such a way as not to be rude. She felt her true feelings bubble too close to the surface and struggled to keep them from showing. Why do I feel such shame for what I feel? The Elven Princess thought to herself.

“You have bonded with him…,” Bleiddud said in astonishment. “Very well, then you cannot go to Trevelyan. They would surely kill him there, but not before they tried to extract information from him. The more he has, the more painful the interrogations will be and by the looks of him and the way he carries himself, even with his gimp leg, he is no ordinary Drow. He has the smell of rank about him. Little fear in that one, really. Ah…I’m sorry I’m rambling, I do not talk that often in the common tongue and sometimes it is difficult to speak as I would in Wolf.”

“You speak in the common tongue very well,” Derwena said as she turned to face him, much more relaxed now that he had confronted her feelings for Morfran for her. She smiled softly. “Will you help us?”

“Very well, if you are to remain together, if that is what you truly wish, then there will be many hardships. You will not be accepted by any of the Races. You will not be safe anywhere near any settlement. You cannot stay here. Your best bet is to move north by north west from here. Stay away from the swamps. If you see the cattails sway you are probably already among the dead.”



Prince Maelgad passed the gates of Halldor staying to the bushes and made for the Glasnant, crossing the great river near where his body was deposited by Lord Arian. He spun a web that spanned the two banks and used it to as a bridge. Once on the other side of the Glasnant, Maelgad heard footsteps approach and he scurried to hide in the nearby bushes. 

From the bushes he watched as a Drow and a Wood Elf came into view. The Wood Elf drew attention to the spider silk that Maelgad had spun to make the crossing. The Drow went to investigate. Maelgad saw the wisps of silver hair escaping the darkness of the Dark Elf’s cowl and he knew it was Lord Arian.

Ah, my Lord Arian, the Great Spider does bless me. How fortunate that I should find you here in all your treacherous glory. I have yet to thank you for your complicity in giving me this body. I have yet to show my appreciation for your hand in these doings. You will know my sting you lecherous dog. I will put an end to the abomination of your foul life. The Great Spider has blessed me this moment that I may begin to exact my revenge in increments.

He watched as Arian plucked the strands of silk that spanned the river and the strand produced a soft note upon the night air. Arian then knelt and examined the ground. He saw tracks in the earth and he drew his Death Dealer as he stood. He looked around for sign of whatever creature made the tracks. The Wood Elf fidgeted at a distance as he waited for Arian to finish his investigation.

Maelgad moved around behind the Wood Elf while Lord Arian scoured the area near the water.



Grigor emptied the contents of the vial the Drow Lord had given him into Lady Hywela’s cup before the evening meal. He had done exactly as Lord Arian had instructed. When news of the Orc crossing the Crisiant, or news that Demelza burned (whichever came first) reached the ears of the Great Lord and Lady of Caerwyn the Wood Elf was to administer the dose of poison. 

After delivering the wine containing the toxin, Grigor used the commotion generated by the Orc attack on the Human village to steal away and slip into the white forest without anybody having noticed until he was a good distance from the Elven Capital. Grigor knew that he would be the prime suspect, but he had no choice, not while the Drow held his mate and offspring captive. 

The Gods, if there are Gods, only know the cruelties my beloved and my child have had to endure at the hands of these black minded villains. Lord Arian has assured me their safekeeping for as long as I comply, “they will be shown ever courtesy of Darryn and the Dark Queen Rianon’s Hospitality as her special guests,” Lord Arian assured me. Still how can I trust they will be true to their word and reunite me with my family, the Wood Elf thought as he negotiated his way to the rendezvous he had with the Dark Elf with the silver hair.

Grigor found Lord Arian waiting for him at the pre-designated location. The Dark Elf stood in the open near the river’s edge. He had his cowl folded back to expose the sharp features of his face. The moonlight made his silver hair sparkle as he glowered at the Wood Elf.

“It is done,” Grigor said and a sinister smile spread across the thin lips of the Dark Elf, as he heard the words.

“Good, now as promised I will take you to Darryn to be reunited with your family. You will receive your just reward. The Dark Queen looks forward to making your acquaintance,” Lord Arian spoke both sharp and soft at the same time. 

Yes, traitor, in Darryn you will be handed over to sick and twisted pleasures of Dwyryd. The Master of Tortures will dream up many delights to visit upon your foul flesh, but you already know that don’t you, traitor. Yes you will be reunited with your wife and child. Yes they still live, but the Great Spider only knows the condition in which you will find them, was what the Dark Elf really thought, but of course did not give voice to.

Lord Arian and Grigor followed the course of the Glasnant northward in the direction of the Elven outpost of Kendal. The white forest gave way to the elm and the oak and the Dark Elf led the Wood Elf through a thicket not far from the river’s edge.

“What’s that?” Grigor asked as he pointed in the direction of the river.

Grigor’s voice interrupted Lord Arian’s dreamy thoughts of killing the Wood Elf. He looked in the direction of the Wood Elf’s extended finger, but saw nothing. 

“What?” Prince Arian said annoyed by the question.

“There, suspended above the water. They look like stands, thin and silver like your hair, do you not see them?”

Arian looked again and indeed saw the thin strands that spanned the river. He moved close to the river’s edge to inspect the fibers. They appeared to be a variety of spider silk, but unlike any spider silk he had seen. Cave Spiders grew larger than Wood Spiders, but Cave Spiders didn’t inhabit the lands of Elfdom and a Cave spider could not have spun threads that could span a river.

Lord Arian looked around, long thin sword in hand. When his back was to Grigor he heard the Wood Elf let out a scream. Arian spun around. The Wood Elf had vanished. He moved away from the river’s edge and toward the location he last saw the traitor.

“Grigor,” Arian hissed loudly.

There was no response from the Wood Elf, just silence and the odd rustle of a leaf upon a branch. Lord Arian pricked his ears, cocked his head and listened…nothing. He thought of leaving the traitor to his fate, but Rianon had been quite explicit in her instructions. The traitor was to be delivered to Dwyryd for interrogation. Again he called out the Wood Elf’s name and again there was no answer.

Lord Arian searched the immediate area for signs Grigor. Again Lord Arian found the same strange tracks. He gripped his sword tight and ventured into the bush where the tracks led. As he pushed aside the shrubbery with his unarmed hand he felt it like spike being driven his abdomen. His body went limp, but his eyes were still open and he was aware. Lord Arian could feel his veins burning as if his blood was on fire. Then Arian saw his attacker.

A Drider hovered above the prostate Master of Assassins. The face of the creature zoomed in coming nose to nose with the paralyzed Lord Arian. The Drider had Drow facial features but instead of the long white hair of the Drow the creature had a bare scared scalp.

“Yes Arian, abomination and would be usurper, it is me. Yes, you know me,” Maelgad spit the words in Arian’s face.

Lord Arian recognized the voice. The demons of the past had come back to haunt him. Prince Maelgad come back from the grave and in the form of a Drider. What kind of devilry is this? Arian thought as he tried to command muscle that would not respond. He lay helpless to the whim of the former Master of Assassins.

“Good, I see the recognition in your eyes. You will then know at whose hands you have met your demise. Did you really think you could dispose of me so easy? Of course you did. Well my silver haired devil, know you death with be a delectable one. I will savour this meal and stretch it out. No, you will not die quick, but you will suffer in agony,” Maelgad raved.

Prince Maelgad left the paralyzed Drow and fed upon the Wood Elf. When he had finished feeding he returned to Lord Arian and encased the Dark Elf in a cocoon, but left the face of the Drow exposed. He slung the cocoon over his shoulder and continued north in search of one of the lost entrances to Sion. 


Chapter Thirty

The Dead have no tales to tell
Their mouths have been sewn shut,
Their eyes have been gouged out
And they have been buried with their histories”
Orcish Proverb


Damn Balesh, Orcish scum, betrayer of oaths, Cadfeal muttered under his breath as he made his way to the Queen’s chambers. She is not going to like what I have to report. 

The guard outside Rianon’s chamber looked cautiously sidelong at the Master of Poisons as he identified himself to the Queen on the other side of the door with his series of knocks and scratches.

“Enter,” the Queen called out from the other side of the door.

Cadfeal entered the Queen’s quarters. He had only one brief meeting with Rianon since he had returned to Darryn. In that meeting she had ordered him to rejoin Balesh’s army and lead them north along with a contingency of Drow for a full out assault on Elfdom.

“My Queen, Balesh steadfastly refuses to continue further in aiding us. He claims he has honored his commitment. He demands the Orc be released of their service. The swift defeat of the Dwarven army has fueled his thirst to bring Halldor down on the heads of any Dwarf that lives. He intends to lay siege to the mountain fortress,” Cadfeal said as he shifted nervously beneath the Queen’s gaze.

Cadfeal remained still. Rianon’s eyes blazed, the soft red glow that lit her chamber went out and the flame in her eyes leaped in the darkness. The Queen was furious. Cadfeal had never seen this side of Rianon and in that moment, for the first time in his life did he know real fear. Cadfeal felt the hair on the back of his neck bristle.

Rianon cursed and muttered under her breath. She hastily retrieved a long slim dagger from her altar and in a ball of fury she did what now Drow Queen had done since taking up residence in Darryn. She left her chambers, walked the open passages and stepped out into the pre-dawn moonlight. Her personal guard straggled behind her, stutter-stepping to catch up.

The moonlight hurt her eyes at first, but she soon grew accustomed to it. Rianon marched onto the battlefield and searched out the Orc Chieftain. She spotted Balesh and with single purpose she strode in his direction. Cadfeal followed his Queen but kept his distance. 

Rianon stopped one pace short of Balesh and glared at him with a seething rage. Orc quickly gather around and the Queen’s detail stood ready for a fight. 

“What is this non-sense that you’ve fulfilled your obligation? Your obligation is not fulfilled until we have all of Elfdom in my control,” Rianon spat and hissed.

“I agreed to no such thing,” Balesh said flatly.

“It does not matter what you agreed to. Balaneth gave his oath to Lolth for Drow assistance in the Great War.”

“The Orc are not bound by that promise anymore.”

The words were too much for Rianon to bear and forgetting her fragile condition she sprung. She grabbed Balesh by the throat in the blink of an eye. Quickly she raised her free hand and a ring of flame leaped high into the early morning sky separating her and Balesh from the others.

“Do no cross me Orc! I will lay waste to every living Orc on both sides of the Crisiant if you do. I swear upon it. I warn you now, if you think our males are good fighters, I have eight thousand priestesses, each capable of killing ten males with her bare hands, each practiced in the dark arts. No Orc will live if you betray me.”

Balesh could not speak. Rianon’s fingertips touched her thumb behind his Adam’s apple and she could have ripped out his throat if she wished to. The Orc Chieftain knew Rianon spoke the truth. The ease with which she had controlled the strongest of Orcs Balesh knew was a small taste of what the Dark Queen was capable of. 

“I will let you save face Balesh, but listen well. I will allow you to move a small contingency to lay siege to Halldor as you wish to do, but only one thousand Orc. Do you understand?” Rianon asked, still not releasing her grip, “The rest of your army will fall under the command of Cadfeal. When our goal has been achieved in the defeat of Kendal and Caerwyn your Orc will be released and no longer bound by the oath of your ancestors. Only then!”

Rianon released him and lowered her other hand. The circle of flame evaporated into air and was no more. The Queen turned and marched back to Darryn leaving the Orc Chieftain upon his knees, hands clutching his throat and gasping for breath.



After the massacre of Firth, Elan regrouped the Kobold and through Maluch ordered the Dog-men on to Kendal. Maluch ran at the front of the packs while Elan struggled again to keep pace and fell to the rear. The forest was thick in the north of Elfdom and provided excellent cover, but the packs did not travel by stealth and their barking and baying alerted the sentinels standing guard over the Elven outpost. 

Elan was an ambitious Drow and was not satisfied with the sack of ears he had already collected. He was eager to grab greater glories. He wanted more. He believed if he could lead the Dog-men in battle over the Wood Elf of Kendal it would secure his future in Drow society and earn him the accolades of the Queen. 

The High Priestess will not be able to deny me favor and position if I deliver victories over both Firth and Kendal. Tales will be told of the exploits of Elan, the impromptu general, the Drow that stepped in for the injured Master of Spies and led the Dog-men over the Wood Elf. She will have to grant me title, and such were the notions of grandeur that rolled over in Elan’s mind as they came upon the Elven outpost.

The instruction Elan had relayed to Morfran was to lay in wait until Cadfeal commenced his attack of Kendal. Despite the orders and the possible consequence for defying them, Elan ordered the attack of Kendal, but unlike Firth the Wood Elves had fortified their guard on the river side of the outpost. The barking and baying of the Dog-men had roused the attention and alerted the Wood Elf and the guard quickly shifted from the banks of the Glasnant to the forests of Elfdom. 

As he had done in at the massacre of Firth, Elan took to the shadows and remained hidden during the real fighting. He may have been a Drow of great ambition, but he was also a Drow of great cowardice, avoiding a fight at every turn. It was why Elan had been ear-marked to rise no higher than a messenger, or scout. Elan was determined to change this perception that his superiors had of him, especially the opinion of the Queen, who had final say in all matters. With only the Dog-men and Wood Elf to witness what had really occurred at the battles of Firth and Kendal there would be no opposing voice, and with his sack full of ears who could deny his phoney exploits.

The Dog-men found the Wood Elves waiting for them. Perched in the trees, the Elves rained down arrows on the Kobold below. The Wood Elves repelled the first wave of the assault. Maluch signalled a retreat and the Dog-men rallied for a fresh battering of Elven defences. The battle raged on for three days with the Kobold suffering massive casualties. Maluch, leader of the Kobold packs lay among the dead.

After the death of Maluch the Kobold fell into chaos. The numbers of the Dog-men were decimated while Elan hid in the shadows. The Elves had also suffered great losses and on the third night of the battle the remaining Elves of Kendal broke through the ranks of the Kobold and fled to Caerwyn. 

In disarray the Dog-men did not pursue the Elves immediately. By the time Elan stepped out of the shadows to assume command of the leaderless Kobold, the Elves had almost a half-day’s start on them. A head count of the Dog-men tallied just fewer than a thousand. Elan realized he could not pursue the Elves that had fled in the direction of the Elven Capital with the numbers he had. With few options Elan had little choice but to wait for Cadfeal to arrive with his forces and report his failures. 

I can always lie and say we were betrayed by Lord and Lady of Firth. Yes they had lowered the defences of the Elven outpost, but they had also alerted Kendal and Caerwyn of our coming. Yes I can say the Elves were already stationed where we were to lay in wait. We were ambushed. There was nothing I could do, I followed my orders. Yes that is what I will say, Elan had settled on the explanation he would give to Cadfeal.



The first of the Elves that had fled Kendal arrived in Caerwyn to raise the alarm. The High Elven Guard was activated and patrolled the white forest while an emergency meeting of the Council convened. Lord Cyndeyrn did not attend. He was too stricken in his grief and could not bear to leave the side of his beloved. He held her lifeless body cradled in his arms and wept as no Elf has ever wept, before, or since. 

“We can fend off this attack,” Lord Ennion said speaking in proxy of his parents.

“No, we cannot Ennion. We may stem the tide of battle, but in the end if we make our stand in Caerwyn the white forests will be stained red and the Elf will be no more. Caerwyn must be abandoned,” Awena said.

“Those that fled Kendal reported the Dog-men have taken great losses,” the young Lord protested.

“And the Orc and the Drow, what will you do when they come, because they are coming Ennion,” Awena said.

“The Lady Awena is right. We must abandon Caerwyn and all of Elfdom. We must seek refuge in the walled city of Trevelyan. It is the only hope for the continued existence of the Elf,” Lord Onllwyn said, Lady Ameldha echoed this. 

“I only think…” Ennion began.

“When you have seen a few more seasons you can think, for now I would prefer that you didn’t. The council must be unanimous before we can order the evacuation of Caerwyn and the enemy is knocking on our back door. We don’t have time for protracted debates,” Lady Ameldha spoke knowing the longer they delayed the more likely there would be an end to the Race of the noble Elf. “Can we vote on the issue?”

The vote was cast and tallied and it was unanimous, in the end the young Lord Ennion conceded to the facts. The Elves would abandon Elfdom and seek asylum in the walled city of Trevelyan. The council was convened and the evacuation order carried out. Lord Cyndeyrn refused to accompany the Elves and remained in Caerwyn. He would not be moved or persuaded to leave the Lady Hywela’s side.


Chapter Thirty One

“It is in times of tragedy
That we must cling tightest to hope
We can only hope that after the storm has passed
We are left standing
And if we are, we must pick up the pieces
And put together some semblance of normality
We can only hope tomorrow brings better days
And we must cling to that hope until that tomorrow comes
If we forsake our hope
We might as well accept defeat
And all who have fallen and given their lives
Will have done so in vain”
Engraved upon the Monument of the Fallen


Leading the joined armies of Orc and Drow Cadfeal arrived at the banks of the Glasnant at the designated crossing point. It is too quiet, he thought as he gave the order to ford the river. The waters were icy and swirled around the hips of the Orc, the Drow were just able to keep their heads above water. On the other bank they formed their ranks and commands were signed in preparation of the assault on the Elven outpost of Kendal. 

There were no Elves to meet them in battle. They found only Elan and less than a thousand Dog-men milling about the abandoned settlement. The impromptu replacement for the Master of Spies gave his account of what had occurred. Cadfeal cursed. When he saw the sack of ears Elan had, the General of the joined armies grew suspicious. Cadfeal wondered if what really happened at Kendal wasn’t the result of Elan’s botched ambition. I’ll swear by the Great Spider if this doesn’t have the smell of sneak about it. This Elan is too ambitious for his own good, Cadfeal made a mental note for later reflection. 

Cadfeal wondered upon other parts of Elan’s report, those items concerning the Master of Spies and his hostage. How was Morfran injured by beast? He lives in the wilds. Something is not right about that part of the story. And why keep the Elven Princess in Talmal with him. No, something isn’t right. Did Elan work up the courage to kill the Master of Spies to act upon his ambitions? No that would be over-reaching. He would know we would send a unit to retrieve them. Elan would know the Elven Princess will be of value to us until we have finished our war. Well we will know soon enough.
The remaining Kobolds were absorbed into the ranks of the Orc and Drow armies and Cadfeal ordered the advance south. The great army marched on the white forest and the Elven capital, Caerwyn. They followed the course of the Glasnant as it wound south and west. As they neared the Elven city Cadfeal ordered his army fan out to form a front twelve deep and one thousand Drow and Orc wide.

Like Kendal, the Elf had abandoned Caerwyn before the Cadfeal arrived with his army. At Caerwyn all they found was the sole Lord Cyndeyrn still cradling the deceased Lady Hywela. When he was discovered Cadfeal was sent for. The Drow Master of Poisons stepped through the soldiers that had encircled the lone Elf. 

“You must be the Great Lord of Caerwyn. Yes, you are. You know how I know. I know it because we arranged the assassination of the Great Lady of Caerwyn. Yes, it was us. Would you like to know who administered the deadly dose? It was by Elven hand it was delivered. It was one you trusted,” Cadfeal taunted.

Lord Cyndeyrn did not say anything, but for the first time looked up and looked out of his tear stained eyes to see his antagonizer. The dark hollow looking face framed with long white hair, the thin black lips drawn into a sinister smile. The Elven High Lord again lowered his eyes and returned his attention to his deceased mate stroking her hair, her expression peaceful. 

“It is all right you will see him soon, you will join him in the Queen’s dungeon in Darryn,” Cadfeal said in response to Cyndeyrn’s silence.

Elan was no longer needed to lead the Kobold so Cadfeal assigned him and a small contingency of Drow to bring the High Elven Lord back to Darryn for interrogation. Cadfeal ordered a small group of Drow to retrieve Morfran and his hostage from Talmal. He released the remainder of the Dog-men to return with the small force to the natural system of caves the Kobold called home. Since the death of Maluch they had been unruly and difficult to deal with and the best use Cadfeal could think for them was to act as guides for those that would retrieve the missing Master of Spies.

Cadfeal stood at the river’s edge in the moonlight and looked deep into the night. He could see at a great distance the small bobbing light of torches making for the walled city of Trevelyan. He knew it would not be the Elves. The Elves would not use torches to light their way. Dwarves would not use torches either. 

Humans, Cadfeal assessed. The Elves will probably seek refuge among the Humans. Cadfeal returned to his troops and with Elfdom secure he released the Orc to join Balesh in the siege of Halldor as Rianon had instructed him. He assigned several small details to travel north and begin their search for the lost entrances of Sion.

Cadfeal called for a runner, to relay the message to Cadfrawd. He spoke in dagger form, a form of code that roughly translated to, “Elfdom is in Drow control, I have appropriated the Elven capital and have commenced operations in the north. The Dog-men were useless without a leader so I released them and assigned a small retrieval unit to extract Morfran. Keep an eye on Elan, something doesn’t add up with his story.” 

The Drow that carried the message did not understand the words he carried, but the Captain of the Guard back in Darryn knew the cypher and would understand. After the messenger had left Cadfeal organized scouting patrols to begin scouring the opposite bank for signs of which direction the Elves had absconded. 



With Halldor besieged by the Orc and the Sages long gone, Alfrun did not know what to do. She knew if the Orc were camped on the doorstep of the Mountain Keep that in all likelihood Thorvaldr was dead. She did not want to admit it, but she knew that she must. She paced the King’s chamber halting at a bust of the Dwarven King carved of granite and crafted with the greatest detail.

“Why did you have to leave me and go off to fight your wars?” Alfrun said to the bust of Thorvaldr. 

The First Wife knew they could not withstand a long drawn out siege. The Dwarf had grown too dependent upon trade with the Humans to provide food and that way they could be undistracted as they mined the earth and forged metals from ore. They had enough stores to last a few weeks. She knew she had to do something. 

“My Love, I know you would stay and fight to your dying breath. I cannot do that with a bunch of women children and men too old to lift an axe. If our people are to survive then we must flee, flee and fight another day,” Alfrun again addressed the bust. “We can use the old access tunnels in the roots of the mountain. There is one that exits not far from the Human village of Hammit. Hopefully the Orc will not be there. We will have to seek refuge among the Humans of Trevelyan. The walled city was designed to withstand a long siege. Hopefully Llyarch was not as foolish as us and he left some fighting men to defend those walls.”

Alfrun resumed pacing. She prolonged giving the order because she knew when she did she was also giving up hope her husband lived. 

Two nights later, concealed by darkness, eight thousand Dwarves, too old and too young escaped Halldor by one of the old access passages. They made for Trevelyan where the Dwarven refugees found asylum. 



Rianon entered the dungeons of Darryn to check in on her special prisoner, the Great Lord of Caerwyn. Several prisoners were chained to the walls, several Dwarves, a few Humans and three Elves. A set of tongs glowed white in the coals. Dwyryd stopped his interrogation of the male Elf when the Queen had entered the dungeon. He bowed low, his scarred face hovering just above the stone floor.

“Rise Dwyryd and tell me what the Great Lord of Caerwyn has shared with you,” Rianon commanded.

“Nothing, my Queen, he is a tougher nut than he looks, but I will crack him,” the Master of Tortures assured her.

“I am sure you will. Leave us a moment. I wish to speak with the High Lord alone,” Rianon said and Dwyryd, scared, twisted and hideous retired to his private quarters which could only be accessed through the dungeon.

“So you do not want to talk,” Rianon said as she lifted Cyndeyrn’s sagging chin with her slender fingers to make eye contact with him. 

The Elf said nothing, only stared back at her as her sharp nails dug into the flesh.  She released his face and again his head sagged.

“Very well, this is going to be very painful for you then.”

Rianon retrieved the tongs from the fire and approached the stripped down and chained Elven Lord clapping the glowing pincers open and shut just below his drooping face. She lowered the tongs to his genital region and clasped them shut upon his testacies. Cyndeyrn let out a hell of a howl that echoed throughout the dungeon. 

“You will talk, eventually. Dwyryd is much more imaginative than I and the pleasures he will visit upon your flesh will have you crying out, begging for death, but death will not come until you have told us what we want to know. You will talk, my Lord Cyndeyrn,” Rianon hissed before she called for Dwyryd to continue his interrogation. 

Rianon watch for a while until she grew bored. She returned to her chambers by the secret passages. Back in her quarters she rubbed the small bump of her abdomen.

“Soon my child, either the Elven Lord will divulge the location or Maelgad will lead us in-avertedly to one of the entrances, or we shall stumble upon one ourselves now we control Elfdom, either way, soon enough we will be in our rightful home and upon our rightful throne,” Rianon spoke to her unborn daughter.

It only took Dwyryd a couple of days before Lord Cyndeyrn broke and divulged the location of one of the entrances caved in and buried and undisturbed for five thousand years. She did not want to risk the sacred scrolls of Lolth to fall into the wrong hands so she ordered preparations be made for her guard to travel with her north to the place the Elven Lord had identified on a map as one of the forgotten entrances. 


Chapter Thirty Two

“Untainted by the blood of other Races
The blood of the Elf shall remain pure”
The Elven Scrolls


Tremain had been stripped down to his undergarments and left for dead. He had a horrible gash from where his head had struck a rock when he was thrown from his horse at the beginning of the battle. His breathing had been very faint and it was not noticed the boy was still alive as the Orc plundered his body, took his armor, weapons, boots and anything else they valued. He lay almost lifeless for two days before he regained consciousness.

He awoke on the field of battle, dead men surrounding him. His head hurt him terribly. He felt weak and his thoughts were discombobulated. He strained to remember what happened, but he could remember none of it. Memory had failed him.

There was a great battle here and I must have been wounded during the battle. I must have been a soldier, Tremain thought as he sat up and assessed the field of battle. He tried to make sense of the carnage he saw, but he could not remember what the battle was over, nor how it began, nor how he had arrived in the thick of it. 

He rose to his feet. His balance was shaky. He touched his scalp near his wound and could feel the blood that had clotted his hair. The gash at the back of his head stung as his fingers floated over it. He did not know who he was, or where he was, or how he received his injury. He could only assume and surmise.

Without knowing where he was going he began walking westward, toward Demelza. He had to rest frequently because walking was laborious. When he saw the road to the south he followed it until he came upon the burned out town. 

Tremain surveyed the ash and ruin of the village. What could have caused such destruction? He wondered as he wandered among the remnants of the once thriving farming community. Dead women and children lay scattered all about. He poked around the burned out hovels for some signs of life and someone who could answer some of the many questions he had. 

He came across the ruins of a long building that must have been the town hall. He entered the burned out structure with its charred rafters. Tremain was about to leave the building when he heard something. He turned and moved in the direction of the sound. 

He found her hiding behind a pile of rubble. She was young, close to his age. Discovered, the girl trembled in a little ball holding her knees in close to her body, her dress torn. 

“It’s alright, I’m not going to hurt you,” Tremain said softly.

“Who are you?” the girl asked with a treble of fear in her voice, still holding herself in a little ball.

“I am…I…I don’t know,” Tremain answered honestly. “I think I may have been a soldier, but I do not know.”

“You are awfully young to be a soldier,” the girl said with some doubt. 

“What is your name?” He asked.

“Caya,” the girl replied.

“What happened here Caya?”

“The Orc came in vast numbers. They swarmed Demelza and burned it to the ground killing everyone who lived here. I am the only one left alive. I searched for others but found none living among the fallen.”

“How did you survive?”

“I don’t know. The Orc set fire to my father’s home while I was in it. I managed to escape the flame and the smoke, but for what? Everyone is dead.”

“Well we shouldn’t remain here then. The Orc may return.”

Caya had not thought about that possibility. The thought of it filled her with terror. In a blink of an eye she had relived her terrifying experiences at the hands of the Orc. She had not told the stranger what they had done to her. He did not need to know she had been violated by three Orcs before they had set flame to her father’s house. She quickly pulled herself together and stowed the memory in dark recesses of her mind.

“We should find you some clothes and some shoes before we go. There might be some that haven’t been touched by flame.”

The boy and girl searched the ruins for something for the boy to wear. They found some sackcloth pants and a shirt that had only been singed and were close to his size. They were unable to find any shoes lying around. Even the dead had been deprived of their footwear. 



The force Tremain had dispatched to Hammit arrived in the village. Due to the encounter with the Orc along the way the decision was made to evacuate the small farming town. There was no search for the creature that had tormented the outlying farms. Had they investigated they would have found Maelgad’s empty lair. The Drider was far in the north seeking an entrance to the crypt city and a reversal to his cruel fate.

The people of Hammit were not nearly as stubborn, with the strange events that had occurred and the rumblings of war not far in the distance. Most were easily convinced to evacuate. Only a few chose to stay behind. The soldiers led the caravan of farmers along the road. 

They came across the burned out ruins of Demelza. Broult, was among the soldiers escorting the simple folk of Hammit and when the caravan arrived in Demelza it was exactly as he thought it would be. 

At first they believed all the townsfolk of Demelza had been slain until they came across a boy and girl of similar age among the burnt out buildings. The girl was dressed in a dress that had been torn. The boy’s clothing did not fit him well.

Broult was the only one of the soldiers who had seen the Prince close up, but despite his previous audience, he did not recognize Tremain. The boy and girl were absorbed into the ranks of the refugees and traveled to Trevelyan under the protection of the soldiers. 



“This is as far as I can take you, from here you are on your own,” Bleiddud said.

The Savage Lord had remained in Elf form for the journey north, aiding Derwena in aiding Morfran to up speed their travels. Morfran sat and rested his leg. They had covered great distances without stopping and the Drow had to rely on Bleiddud and Derwena to take some of the weight of his bad leg. Derwena touched the Savage Elf, palm lightly upon his chest.

“I do thank you for helping us,” She said sincerely.

“What can I say; I’m a sucker for sentimentality. Remember what I said and stay away from the swamps west of here.”

“You keep cautioning against the swamps, what’s there?” Morfran asked sitting propped up against a tree.

“Lizard-men,” the Savage Elf said.

“I’ve never seen, or heard of Lizard-men,” Morfran said skeptically.

“And with good reason, the Troglodyte evolved in the swamps and never evolved beyond them. They are very vicious and cannot be reasoned with. They are mindless predators. Just do yourself a favour and stay away from the swamps,” Bleiddud said, turned, dropped on all fours and transformed into a wolf. 

He ran off into the night, back the way they had come, leaving the Drow and Wood Elf to make the rest of their journey alone. They rested the night there and in the morning they continued their journey north. As the neared the mountains the land began to rise and fall. They followed a course through a gorge carved between two mountains until they found a spring that was fed by the runoff coming from the white capped mountains.



Chozal was the first to return to the Tower of Gwylfa and he spent his time pouring over the texts and scrolls Adikavi had left strewn across the various reading tables. Most were histories, containing accounts of encounters with the Drow, but none told him what he did not already know. Chozal opened a dusty tome entitled, “Origins of the Elf.”

The lines upon the first page, written in the old language, immediately caught his attention. 

When Life was young, in the days long before the Great War, days now long forgotten, there was a time when there was no distinction between Elves. An Elf is an Elf is an Elf is an Elf, no matter how you cut him slice him or dice him. It does not matter the color of his hair, or the tone of his flesh, an Elf is an Elf. 

It was decided at some point by the Elf to control desirable qualities through breeding and there was undue emphasis placed upon appearance. To satiate vanities…

When he read these words he realized what they had to do. He wondered if Adikavi had known it too before going off to his death. 

Haakon and Bersaba arrived together and both were in somber mood. After greeting his brother and sister and too eager to share his revelation to wait for Awena, he broke out the large tome, “Origins of the Elf” and he opened it to the first page and had his fellow Sages read it. His fur covered slender finger jabbed at the passage.

“There, there it is, there is what we must do,” he said as he stood, a big grin across his canine features. 

“I don’t see it,” Haakon said.

“I think I do,” Bersaba began, “I believe I know where our brother is going with this. I believe he proposes a mixing of the races.”

“To what end?” Haakon exclaimed.

“To a mutual end,” Chozal chuckled.

It was then Awena stepped through a portal and into the tower. All eyes turned to her. She looked tired, defeated. She joined the others at the table sitting in her chair. She cast a glance at Adikavi’s empty chair. She wondered when they would have time to grieve him. 

“The news is bad,” Awena began, “Elfdom has fallen. Firth and Kendal attacked by Kobolds and less than a quarter of the Wood Elf survived. Caerwyn has been abandoned. The High Elf and what remains of the Wood Elf make for Trevelyan. I also fear Thorvaldr and Tremain have fallen because before returning I became the wind and I traveled north to Kendal and when I came to the river a large army of Orc and Drow were wading across the Glasnant. On my return I passed with the breeze by Halldor and there were a thousand Orc camped outside the great iron gates.”

After Awena finished apprising the others of the situation she was brought up to speed with Chozal’s proposition. 

“How do you intend to convince Human, Dwarf and Elf it is in their interest to mix blood?” Awena asked what they all wondered, but not yet broached. 

“Quite easy sister, our days of trying to convince are over. If they want our help and our aid they will have no choice but to concede to our demands. Otherwise we threaten to leave them to perish. With no alternative they will have to go along with it. We simply give them the choice of do you wish to live or die. Life will always choose to live.” Chozal said proudly.

“That is fine and all, but how is it you intend for us to protect them?” Haakon asked.

“The only way we can. We must give up these fleshy vessels and embrace our ethereal forms.” Chozal stated.

“I agree,” Awena said quickly and then added, “but we cannot all do this. One of us must remain behind and act as a bridge between the living and our elemental selves.”

“Bersaba, you control all that is not of earth, wind, water or fire. Adikavi believed your powers go beyond this. Adikavi believed that you could actually control all the elements, that in time you would grow more powerful than all of us. I think you should be our emissary among the Races,” Haakon said and Chozal and Awena nodded their approval.

“Then it’s decided. We should make for Trevelyan as soon as possible,” Chozal said. 


Chapter Thirty Three

“The long night fell upon the land
And Darkness encroached upon Trevelyan
Last bastion of Hope…”
Histories of the Great Siege


Refugees from Halldor, Hammit and Elfdom arrived at the gates of the walled city. They came in large groups and ragged bands. They came from all corners of Brynmor and they sought sanctuary and protection. The remaining aristocracy of the Races assembled in the great hall of Trevelyan. The four remaining Sages were also present standing on the raised dais beside the throne.

“We cannot accommodate all these people,” Ienipa leaned over and whispered to Bersaba.

“You must,” Bersaba whispered back.

“We don’t have the stores to feed them all,” Ienipa said discretely.

“Bellies will shrink a little, but no one will starve. As I said Ienipa, if Trevelyan wants the protection of the Sages you will do precisely as you have been instructed,” Haakon interjected. 

Ienipa rose from her throne and addressed the throng of Nobles. At first they did not hear her and she needed to repeat what she had said.

“I have assembled you all here today at the request of the Sages. They have offered their protection, but there are conditions to what they offer. I will put these conditions to you shortly,” the Queen of Trevelyan began, but was interrupted.

“Where were the Sages and their protection when Halldor, Demelza and all of Elfdom fell?” An anonymous voiced called out.

“We offered our advice and you ignored it. Had you listened to us in the first place you would not find yourself in this position,” Haakon said annoyed by the suggestion that they had done nothing.

“What are these conditions, and how do you expect to protect us?” Someone else shouted.

“We will protect you by assuming our natural elemental forms. We will protect you by earth, air and water,” Haakon said.

“And what are these conditions,” Lord Onllwyn asked from the front of the crowd.

“Lord Ennion will be married to the Princess Eseld and their union will produce offspring. They will set the example for others to follow. The Races will mix blood,” Awena said.

The crowd of Lords and Ladies erupted into cacophony. Shouts of protest were hurled at the speakers on the dais. It was chaos. The Sages stood on the raised platform remaining silent, allowing the gathering to vent until the voices died into one voice, that of Lord Onllwyn, who along with Lady Ameldha had been acting as Great Lord and Lady.

“The Elf will not befoul their blood with that of Humans or Dwarves.” The Elven Lord said.

“Then the Elves are free to seek asylum elsewhere,” Awena said and the words were final. 

“The same goes for the Dwarves,” Haakon silenced Alfrun before she could speak “Also Dwarven females are ordered to take off those ridiculous false beards. There is no need for disguises. We have to begin trusting one another and this clinging to the old ways is going to end.”

“There will be no debate upon our conditions and this brings us to the second of these conditions. This whole idea of class is to be abolished. Whatever Gods there are, they have not ordained you to rule. An elected Council will be formed and it is that Council that will speak for the unified peoples of Trevelyan. Bersaba will preside over this Council. Bersaba will remain among you here in Trevelyan to ensure you keep the promises you make here today. If you break our conditions we will abandon Trevelyan to its fate,” Awena said and then drew a long breath.

“Why are you imposing these conditions upon us?” Alfrun asked still behind her false beard. 

“Because this is why we are where we are. The conditions that caused the ailment must be removed if we have any hope of controlling the infection. There will be no more wedge of division, Elf, Dwarf and Human will stand equal, there will be no more Lords, Ladies, Kings, or Queens. The vanities of the Nobility have brought Brynmor to the brink. It’s time to look elsewhere for leadership. If you are truly noble you should not fear the opinion of the people. We therefore order you to go before your respective people and put our proposition to them. Each man, woman, Elf and Dwarf will be free to abide by our conditions or leave Trevelyan by sundown.” Bersaba said. 

The Sages walked off the dais and left the great hall while the nobles argued amongst themselves. Shortly after the Sages had left the nobles dispersed to do as they had been instructed. At sunset a few Dwarves, Elves and Humans loyal to the old ways left the city and risked the great unknown, but these groups were small in number. The vast majority of residents and refugees had opted to stay and accept the conditions of the Sages.



Bersaba stood across from Haakon, Chozal and Awena on the Plains of Trevelyan, outside the gates of the walled city. The tall grasses swayed in the breeze. Mood had infected the weather. It was dark and overcast.

“Well I guess this is it. No point in delaying anymore,” Chozal said.

“You know there is no coming back. Once you’ve made the transformation and discarded your flesh, once you have taken on your ethereal form you will not be able to change back,” Bersaba cautioned one last time.

“It is the only way to save what remains of Brynmor. It’s the only way we can protect Trevelyan and we have given our word we would do so,” Haakon said resigned to the action they were undertaking.

“There’s no backing out now, and I’ve never been one for long sentimental goodbyes so take care brother, sisters,” Chozal said. 

He raised his arms and the others stood back. He began to chant in the ancient tongue and flesh and bone turned to dust and his empty robe fell to the ground. A great spout of water sprung from the spot in which he stood. The gyre leaped high into the air and then subsided and ceased being water gushing. It was Chozal, only made of water. He did not speak, but in his ethereal form began to pace back and forth across the Plains of Trevelyan in front of the city gates. 

Haakon was the next to perform the rite. From the dust of his empty robe the earth rumbled and rock erupted and were moved by invisible hand stacked one upon another until Haakon stood before them once more, but made of rock. Like Chozal he said nothing and left the remaining Sages to stalk the great fields in front of the city. 

“Take care, my sister,” Awena said to Bersaba and then she too performed the rite, transforming first into a vortex of swirling air and then into a soft outline of her former self shaped by the breeze. 



The big day had arrived, the wedding of Lord Ennion of the Elves and the Princess Eseld, daughter of Llyarch, the first formal union between the Races in the history of Brynmor. The union was designed to be an example for others to follow. The young Elven Lord and Human Princess did not Love each other, but agreed to the marriage for the good of the people and out of obligation to the Sages that protected Trevelyan.

It was more of a somber event than it was a celebration. All the free peoples of Trevelyan, Human, Elf and Dwarf were invited and most were in attendance. 

Both Caya and Tremain were in the audience at the back of the courtyard where the ceremony was held. Tremain still had no recollection of who he was before he awoke on the battlefield among the dead. With his hair longer, unkempt, with the beginnings of a beard and with shabby second-hand clothes that ill-fit his frame, no one had recognized him. At the back of the throng of those attending the wedding was as close as he had gotten to the Royal Court since his return.

Caya had given him the name Kernick for the little place in her heart that he had come to own. The Orc that had raped Caya had also impregnated her. She gave birth to the half-breed and with Kernick she raised it. They lived as a family in the stables of a family that took pity upon them. Kernick had little skill, so he had enlisted in the new army being formed and was awaiting their response. 

Caya kept the baby’s face covered as she cradled it in her arms. She did not want people to see the abomination she had given birth to. It was bad enough that she could feel the eyes and hear the whispers. It was why they had chosen to sit so far in the back. She looked at Kernick and wondered if he would marry her. Caya had not told him yet, but she carried his child.

The audience was divided in two by a long aisle with a green runner between. Bersaba, the Sage, presided over the wedding and stood at the far end with the young Elf Lord. Eseld, the bride and daughter of the deceased Llyarch entered the courtyard. She was breathtakingly beautiful. As she walked down the aisle Kernick thought she looked vaguely familiar, but could not place how he would know a Princess. Kernick shrugged and cast a sidelong glance at Caya.

I will have to marry her and make an honest woman of her. Damn what anyone says. They do not see her heart, her beautiful, but broken heart. Kernick thought as he reached out and lightly squeezed her thigh in a display of affection.

“Marry me,” He whispered so only she could her.

Caya’s eyes welled up with tears of happiness. Despite the somber mood of most in attendance,  it was the happiest day of her life.



Rianon had left Myfanwy and Cadfrawd in charge of Darryn while she journeyed to Sion with her entourage of two hundred Drow Priestesses and guards for her security. She was carried upon a black sedan high upon the shoulders of six Drow of the Royal Guard. 

It was a five day journey into Elfdom to come to the spot on the map Lord Cyndeyrn had identified under intense interrogation. After clearing away the brush they had found the collapsed tunnel entrance. For three days and nights they removed stone from the tunnel’s mouth. 

Rianon and her entourage entered the ruins of the crypt city. The bones of their ancestors littered the earth floor. Everywhere they went there were signs of the fierce battle that had taken place there. 

Rianon entered the private quarters of Lolth and did not find the scrolls she had anticipated. The room was laid out very much like her own in Darryn and in the alcove where the small altar was, suspended from the ceiling upside down, Lord Arian dangled. His face had been left exposed and his long silver hair hung like shimmering spider silk. Maelgad had beaten her to Sion and he wanted her to know it. He wanted her to know he had the ancient scrolls and spells of Lolth in his possession. Leaving Lord Arian in Lolth’s quarters was a private message between Maelgad and Rianon. 

Rianon hoped they would find some remnants of the ancient magic in the ruins of the crypt city and she ordered Cadfeal and his forces to aid in the reconstruction of Sion. Her ulterior motive for recalling the army was for her own protection. With Maelgad out there and in possession of the scrolls, the Great Spider only knew what he would be capable of if he ever deciphered their magic. 

Rianon remained in Sion, occupying Lolth’s chamber and from the throne of the crypt city she ruled over the Drow. A few months after arriving in Sion, with the reconstruction efforts well on their way, Rianon gave birth to her daughter, Ffiona.

She sat on the stone bed in the chamber and cradled the child in her arms. She looked down and smiled at the small black face with the wisps and tufts of white hair sprouting from the infants head.

“One day this will all be yours, my child. You will rule over all of Brynmor. There will be none left to oppose you. I shall lay waste to our enemies. This I swear to you,” Rianon vowed.

The Beginning…


