Journey to the Center of the Earth
"The Advent"
John Pirillo
A Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014
Trulie's Hardware Store
Placerville, California, 
9AM, August 2024
Today was her granddaughter's birthday. Sheree was turning two and Trulie couldn't wait to close up shop and rush home to set up the party for her. Her mother was at work, so she would have to pick up Sheree on the way home, which was a big bonus, because then she could take her to Kids Are Us and let her choose whatever toy she wanted. She knew it might take an hour or so, but she believed a child should have a say in what they wanted.
Sheree's mother, on the other hand, was just the opposite of the grandmother; she was tall, willowy, blonde and beautiful. She was sharp as a tack and as witty as Steve Martin on a binge and Steve Harvey on a run. She would want to save the money for her daughter's college. 
God only knows if any of them would live that long, so many things can come in and sweep all the dreams and hopes away like so much garbage in a dump.
She shrugged to herself inwardly, meanwhile regretting the figure that had was marching across the street to her front door. Trouble blossomed and ready to be harvested was his name. She loved him to death as a friend, but the man had no control over his emotions and his temper was a skyrocket waiting to happen.
She shrugged off her worries and took the few seconds left to dwell on the evening's upcoming party. She already had the freezer stocked with Spumoni, Sheree's favorite ice cream, as well as the big waffle cones she liked. She had a huge birthday cake shaped like Winnie the Pooh with cherries for eyes and a huge chocolate marshmallow for a nose waiting on the kitchen table to be unveiled just before everyone was ready to wish her daughter the merry time she was going to have.
Then her phone rang.
"Yup." She answered.
"Mom, it's me." Her daughter replied.
"Uh-oh! Don't tell me she's come down with a cold?"
"No. I have. It's baddd."
And it was. Her daughter sounded like she was talking through fifty marshmallows at the same time.
"Does that mean the party's off?" Trulie asked, dreading the answer.
"Nah, Mom. You know I couldn't do that to sweetie-pie." She answered. "Look, Jeb is on the way over there right now. Should be at your door even as we speak."
And sure enough Jeb and Sheree beat that old coot about to trample into her store and ruin her day and possibly her night as well.
"Grandma!" Sheree hollered and ran from Jeb and into her outstretched arms. 
She began pecking Trulie's cheeks all over with kisses, giggling as she did, then stopped and said. "Wangel kwisses!"
Truelie hugged her granddaughter to her chest and smiled happily. "Oh indeed they are, my little angel. Indeed they are."
The door rang again and Trulie looked over. Aaron was storming in; his face looking like a black cloud was forming about. A fight in the making.
Jeb saw it too. "Need some help?"
"Take Sheree in the back. I've got a few dolls back there and a TV for you."
She put Sheree down and she ran off into the back. "Tigger!"
Trulie stood up, smiling. "She just loves those Winnie the Pooh characters.
Jeb smiled back. "Got any decent DVDS to watch while we wait?"
"Frozen and Cinderella."
Jeb grinned. "Great! See you in...."
He looks at his wristwatch. "About fifty minutes?"
"You got it!" Trulie said. He gave Trulie a quick hug and peck, and then followed after Sheree, who can be heard screaming happily in the back until the door to the back is closed.
Trulie turns around to find Aaron fuming in front of her counter, his big fat fingers thrumming the top in an angry cadence that just annoyed the hell out of her.
Truelie Barnes was an older woman, built stocky and short. Her hair was short cut and she had startling blue eyes that could stare a bully down, but this time it wasn’t working. The man before her was just as stout and much taller with muscles big enough to squeeze a Volkswagen car like an accordion. And he was pissed. Really pissed.
"I suppose you're here to lodge a complaint, Aaron." She commented sarcastically.
Unnoticed by him, as he was listening to the drummer in his own mind. He slammed a heavy box down on the counter and put his hand flat on its top, his eyes red rimmed with anger and frustration. “I’m telling you the damned device doesn’t work now, nor did it before. You sold me a factory reject, Truelie!” He hollered, his face red from anger and frustration.
"Whoa! Just hold on there, big guy. Never told you no lies. Never sold you any rejects. I buy my product direct from the manufacturer."
"Like hell. If you did, this computer unit wouldn't be fried before I got it out of the box."
Trulie wasn’t buying it. She knew her prospecting equipment. The scanner had been sold to her by a reputable company. They never let anything out of their hand without checking it dozens of times in a real world situation. It had worked when she got it. It had stopped when he got it. The one thing made sense, the other did not. Therefore he was lying. 
"That the facts, huh?" She asked in her most annoying drawl possible. He hated it when she used her hillbilly accent on him.
Trulie knew Aaron was a bully when he didn’t get his way and she wasn’t afraid of any man that God had built yet, nor was she about to be now.
She very calmly took out some hand sanitizer and began cleaning her hands, nodding her head from time to time to act as if she were listening to him, but she wasn’t. She had pressed an alarm button beneath her counter. The Sheriff would be coming. This was his problem not hers. So she was being patient. Her first impulse was to use the handgun she kept stashed for just such situations that ran out of control, but she was a God-fearing woman and believed that death should come from the Creator, except in those rare instances when a varmint like Aaron reared its ugly head and refused to behave.
She'd wait, but not forever. Every man had a ticking clock on his forehead, and this one was counting down to one awfully fast in her mind.
“Now, now, Aaron, you know I can’t buy it back. You’re thirty days out of warranty. “
“I just bought it eleven months ago.” Aaron protested.
“Exactly and the warranty says you are protected for 10 months. That makes you thirty days out of warranty and since its leap year, that makes you thirty one days in total. 
Aaron gave her a look that caused her to cringe inside, fearing the worst. She carefully put a hand under the counter and stroked her gun, just to make sure it was ready if necessary. She wasn't taking any chances.
Why now? She thought to herself. Right when I was about to have the time of my life with my family? She made a low growl in her throat, which caused Aaron to step back a pace, a touch of uncertainty creasing his thick brows.
His face darkened further. "Listen you bitch, I'm gonna get my money back...one way or the other!"
Her hand caressed the stock of her hand gun again.
"I don't think you want to do that, Aaron." She said, her voice dripping with menace.
He started to say more, and then he smashed his fist into the box he had brought and stormed out of the store, cursing at the top of his lungs.
 “Damn fool should spend more time working and less time drinking and he wouldn’t be having these problems.” She hissed between her clenched jaws, and then set about to reorganizing the counter he had messed up. She smiled as she brushed against a small portrait of her granddaughter as a baby, held in her arms shortly after birth. She sighed. “So long ago. How time flies.”
Then she saw the crack in the glass of her counter top. "That..." She started to swear, and then she bit her tongue, cutting herself off. She didn't want to bring that energy into the backroom with her grandchild. She was surprised Jeb hadn't come out, with all the ruckus going on.
She sighed again, and then turned on the radio, which began blasting “All You Need is Love,” by the Beatles. She made little dancing steps, as she cleaned up, humming to the tune as it played. 
She passed her pet parakeets who were doing a beak fight for dominance of the upper perch. “She pointed a finger at the blue one. Trigger, you slow down, old timer, Green’s gonna peck you to death if you’re not careful.”
She smiled when the two birds turned to look at her. She giggled at the look on their faces. She knew they understood what she was telling them. Behave.
She went on past them, straightening shelves. She didn’t notice when they began screaming and banging around inside the cage as if something terrible were after them.
Still Jeb and her granddaughter were quiet in the back. Why were the birds acting so queer just this moment? Then she felt a slight trembling beneath her feet.
"Jeb!" She called out at the top of her lungs, just as he sprang out with Sheree in his arms.
"The news on the radio, did you..."
Sidewalk,
Main Street
Placerville, California, 9:30AM, August 2024
Outside the store Aaron Smart stormed out of Trulie’s Hardware Store, cursing loud enough for the Sheriff to hear him all the way three blocks down as he was ticketing a car parked illegally in front of a red painted zone. Then he felt his cell vibrate urgently.
He glanced at its face and saw the alarm from Trulie's Hardware Store.
“Damn! Not again.” Grumbled Sheriff Trout as he flipped his ticket book closed, shoved the newly made ticket on its crisp yellow paper under a windshield wiper, and then turned to look. “That man’s got a lot to learn about good manners. And I’m going to teach him.”
Aaron was still cursing as he continued his storm up the sidewalk towards the local five and dime, where he intended to drown his anger in a double malted and curly fries. A siren hooted next to him. He looked over and Sheriff Trout gestured. He slipped off the sidewalk curb and stopped beside the Sheriff’s window. “What?”
Sheriff Trout sighed, and then got out his ticket book. “Do I need to site you for disorderly conduct unbecoming of a civil place?”
Aaron took a deep breath and shook his head. “Sorry. I've been having a bad day. A bad week. A bad life.”
Sheriff Trout wrinkled his nose. "And smells like bad liquor as well."
The Sheriff started climbing out of his car. His eyes furrowed angrily. He liked Trulie. He was hoping to court her in the near future. They had been close since his wife had died. His wife had been best friends with Trulie for years and he trusted her more than any woman he had ever known besides Mariah, who had died several years back from that damned breast cancer. He shook his head to clear the memories, and then stared hard at Aaron, who stood there like a sacrificial lamb knowing it was about to be slaughtered, but hating every moment of it.
“You’ll be more than sorry if you let that happen again. Now you go back inside there and apologize to Trulie. That woman is the kindest person you’ll ever meet, you damn self righteous asshole!”
"Sweet on her a little bit, ain't you, Sheriff? One could wonder if you're really on the side of the law in this. She sold me a bad computer unit for my mining. Won't refund me."
"You heard me right the first time, you self righteous vagabond. Apologize. Now!" The Sheriff blasted at him, a hand going to his side arm.
At precisely the moment Aaron was about to get himself arrested for cursing at the Sheriff, the ground began to shake. First a little, then a lot. The buildings began to rumble and shake, then sewer hole covers exploded upwards on geysers of steam, followed by glass breaking, then telephone lines tumbling downwards in slow motion. 
Aaron found himself hanging onto the Sheriff’s car for dear life as the Sheriff tried his best to keep from throwing up from the violent shaking he was being subjected to. He had made the mistake of overeating for lunch. Those damned foot long hotdogs were going to be the death of him yet, he cursed to himself.
People flooded outwards from the shaking buildings, panicked by the trembler, some screaming, most excited and wary.
Aaron, as strong as he was, hadn’t a clue how to deal with this. The whole earth was raring up and trying to shake him off like his dog, Squat, did when it had fleas. When would it stop? And no sooner had that thought stung his conscience, and then the shaking stopped. 
Everyone stood still, afraid to move, afraid it was going to kick up again, but everything was deathly still. Birds swept across the skies, crying out in alarm. They swept from the south to the north, then west to the east.
The Sheriff got out of his squad car and looked up. “Damndest thing I’ve ever seen.”
Aaron agreed. And that bothered him. He never agreed with anyone, let alone the law. “It’s like they’ve lost all sense of direction.”
Then they heard it. It sounded like a freight train roaring towards them. In a moment the buildings about them reared up, and the concrete beneath them, tearing and twisting.
“Trulie!” Both men hollered and ran for the hardware store. 
Trulie's Hardware Store
Main Street
Placerville, California, 9:50AM, August 2024
Both the Sheriff and Aaron made it inside, even as the building continued to shake and parts of the roof pop and groan and threaten to collapse.
Trulie hung onto the counter for her dear life. 
"My granddaughter!" She screamed, pointing to the back.
The Sheriff ran to the door to the back and flung it open, just as the back room collapsed. Jeb and Sheree were heading for the door as it did. They didn't make it. Neither did the Sheriff.
A piece of ceiling fell striking Trulie on her shoulder. She twisted around and fell towards the floor.
Aaron rushed over to pick her up as the ceiling above bowed downwards, pieces of pipe and wood snapping and popping horribly.
"Save yourself!" She screamed at him. "I don't want to live!" She hollered at him. She was sobbing so horribly, it broke his heart. 
He ignored her pleas and hefted her to her feet, and stumbled towards the front door as the ceiling continued to collapse downwards. They weren't going to make it.
Just before the ceiling collapsed, Trulie jerked free from him and stood there grinning. "You always were a selfish son of a bitch, Mister Aaron Smart."
The she rushed forward screaming at the top of her lungs like a madman and shoved him as hard as she could.
Main Street
Placerville, California, 9:51AM, August 2024
Aaron hit the pavement and rolled onto the street, just as the hardware store collapsed, burying Trulie who had turned around to head back towards her loved ones.
Aaron lay there a long time, even after the shaking stopped. He lay there until it was pitch black. He could hear people moving about in the darkness, but he didn't care. He just kept staring at the ruins of the hardware store, remembering the scream of Sheree and Jeb as they realized they were going to die. He remembered the Sheriff trying to save them. He remembered...he began to shake all over and weep violently.
A gentle hand reached him in the darkness and a soft flashlight lit his face. "It's okay, Mister, you're going to be alright."
Aaron shook his head, his tears still coursing down his bruised and bleeding cheeks. "No. I'm not ever going to be all right."
London, England, 6PM, August 2024
Apple, Abbey Road
Professor Everett Evans was in a hurry to reach the studio of the Beatles. Ringo Starr, the remaining Beatle had agreed to meet with him to discuss his proposition, which was to deal with the glaring environmental issues that faced not only England, but the world at large.
Professor Everett was an expert in Climatology and Volancanology and had been using funding from the trust his late Grandfather had left him after he crossed over to pay for his research. Now the funds were running out, and time to complete his work. 
But not before he had found a number of disturbing facts that no one seemed to want to listen to. Even the ever alert Bill Maher had passed on his work, an agent for him claiming that his work was uncorroborated and a bit on the occult/God side of things, which Bill had an aversion to and was unlikely to take seriously.
Unfortunately, he wasn't the only one. Every major foundation had turned him down. Even Bill Gates mighty philanthropic organization had refused and they were his last hope. Then he'd talked to one of Paul McCartney's daughters he'd met on a book tour to get a copy of her picture with her father and the other Beatles. It was autographed by the elderly Paul along with a few dozen others and was being offered at the highest bid to those who were environmentally friendly.
Ringo had agreed to do a concert, even though he was approaching eighty now, and this was a chance for him to kill about three birds with one stone. To get an autographed copy of the photo, to meet the daughter of Paul and to personally speak with Ringo, who though a bit standoffish had relented when he had said that England was in the gravest of dangers.
Ringo was nothing if not loyal to his country, even as Paul was. Both were wealthier than the Queen herself and probably could have bought half of England between them with their shares of the Beatles fortune alone, but again were so loyal that instead they donated their money to good causes and charity, of which there was always too much demand and never enough to give to.
His best friend, Scurley Adams was making a recording and had invited him to sit in on the session. 3 Abbey Road, St John's Wood, City of Westminster, London, England was famous for the Beatles, and any chance he had of seeing anything relating to them was exciting. He had every album and single they had ever made and some pirate ones as well. He had a copy of the original Richard Avedon photographs of them, as well as some of John Lennon’s drawings. He had met Yoko Ono at a fund raiser and hit it off with her. She had some drawings that had not been generally shown and offered him a sweet deal. He jumped at it and bought them all. He hadn’t regretted it then, or now.
She was nearing a hundred and still seemed spry and clear for her age, which he attributed to her healthy diet and constant search to improve herself.
He had rushed over because his meeting with the daughter had gone off beyond his wildest expectations. She was a doll and had even offered to speak with him further at her father's house, which had almost knocked him out. But he had to courteously decline as he had this meeting to attend to first, and Ringo was going to meet him at Apple a bit later on to discuss the funding as well. 
He had told her about that and she had smiled and said she would put in a good word for him with Ringo and her father, and then winked at him. He had been so profoundly touched by her offer and kindness; he had impulsively taken her hand and kissed it.
She had given him an impish smile, and then slipped him a business card. "You can leave a message on this number and I'll get back to you as soon as I can."
He had promised to do just that, overwhelmed by his good luck at meeting the daughter of Paul McCartney, a possible date and the looming probability of the funding he desperately needed and the world would seriously need the results of and soon!
He was a bit late. After the book signing and the meeting with her, he had to rush over to the famous London Library, founded in 1841, the UK's leading literary institution. He had been shacked out there for the last nine months, digging through tome after tome, going all the way back to original manuscripts of Jules Verne, which had been given to the library as a gift by the late Verne’s grandchild, who had stolen them from the French underground when she found them in danger of becoming lost in the war. It had been a treasure beyond reckoning because the back of the novel was filled with endless notes and research. It seems that the famous Jules was not only an imaginative man, but an explorer as well. There were a few years when he had vanished off the face of the planet. A time when many thought he was writing his next novel, but that’s not what he had been doing at all.
In fact, according to the notes the Professor had read, Jules had been traveling with a group of men known as the Golden Society. A metaphysical group who believed that the earth was hollow and that an advanced civilization made their home there and guarded it well against all intruders from above. After the Professor had read those notes, he had felt a spark of interest greater than even the one that had fueled his pursuit of the good Lady Sheraton, whose hand he had recently asked for in marriage.
Which is also why he had demurred from a date with Paul's daughter? He wasn't the kind of person to bond with two women at the same time, and felt it would be a breaking of the trust with Lady Sheraton to do so, even though to this point in time he found her a bit overly controlling at times. 
She always seemed to know where he was, when he was, and why he was somewhere. Speaking of which.
He touched his wrist cell and saw a tiny image of her face looking at him frozen in a perpetual grin. The happy, happy look she gave everyone, but he knew better. Beneath the surface of that bubbly exterior beat the heart of a determined woman, who once she set her sights on someone, wasn't likely to let go.
So he was caught in a paradox of sorts. He felt it dishonest to show interest in another woman while still engaged with one, but at the same time, felt he was being dishonest with himself for allowing himself to stay in a poisonous relationship.
He was a weak man when it came to breaking the hearts of others. He would rather break his own first. This probably explained why he was seeking to save the world, rather than himself.
He had met Lady Sheraton at a fund raiser for Harvard, which he had attended as part of his obligatory status as Department Chair there. Chairs were expected to attend any and all charitable events in hopes of cultivating influences and leads for funds to Harvard growth. He had been mostly unsuccessful of late, especially since the Second Great Depression of the two thousands when the lamentable presidency of George Bush sank the entire world into a depression it was still struggling to come out of. Between the stupid politics of then and those of now, the fear and hatemongering had reached such extremities, it was no longer possible for any sane government to function on the level it should anymore. 
Even the current President, who was enjoyed by both moderate Republicans and Democrats, was demonized by the extremists on the right who continued to pour insane amounts of money into blocking any kind of project that would protect and help the masses. It was like the United States was in a second war between the North and the South, but this time its own rules were crippling it from responding in the ways it should.
He shrugged off the bitterness he always felt when he contemplated the insanity of the few who blocked the many from achieving their goals. He knew enough about history to know that either governments would fall and others rise to take power, or the world would succumb to another worldwide catastrophe as it had in the time of the Dinosaurs and Noah. And horribly enough, it was the latter he feared the most based on data he had been accumulating, which is why he had become so desperate to get further funding. 
The world was running out of time to fix its problems. Maybe faster than even he thought.
While most grumbled and griped about those stupid politicians and bankers who had brought on the collapse of the world economy, he had been more interested in finding out why such an event had ever been allowed to happen at all. After all the World Bank and the Fed Bank worked hand in glove together. They had people working for them that could tell you how much a penny could make in a thousand years. Their inability to understand how mixed portfolios could undermine the entire world economy was a mystery to him and the world’s politicians, many of whom were still scrambling to cover their butts over the huge fiasco that had plummeted millions of Americans into poverty and ruin, as well as most of the rest of the civilized planet.
As he made his way down the street towards the entrance to Apple, he could see the big beautiful logo over the door. He smiled inwardly and outwardly. The Beatles! Man, they were like gods during their peak. They could have leveled governments had they wanted to.
His glow vanished as suddenly as it arouse when all the cars parked along the way began honking. Sweeps of birds roared overhead, screaming urgently. Dogs began barking all over the place. Then the pavement jumped beneath his feet.
He tumbled to the pavement the same time as many other screaming citizens. Men and women strove to grab onto something that didn’t move, that was solid, but everything was shaking and moving like Jell-O in a shaken bowl.
He hung onto the curb he was next to, clinging to a drain grating for security, as the violent shaking continued.  Good thing too, because a double Decker bus that had been coming around the corner took that moment to collapse on its side and skid towards him. Flashes of superheated metal from the friction, grinding sounds as metal and concrete sheared and thrust into the metal of the sides of the bus, crackling and snapping of metal and glass windows, shouts of hurt and dying citizens, frightened souls clinging to the sides of the bus for dear life.
He used the grate to fling himself up onto the sidewalk and behind a steep pair of stairs, just as the bus smashed into the spot he had been laying. He heard multiple screams and saw several patrons of the bus flung out windows and slide across the pavement, screaming in pain and fear.
It was the most terrifying and horrifying thing he had ever experienced.
One person slid past him to slam into the curb behind him, their head splitting open like a ripe watermelon and spurting tissue, bone and brains everywhere. 
The Professor did all he could to stop himself from throwing up his guts at that moment, but the horror just wouldn't quit.
The Apple building began to collapse, sending huge splinters of metal beams and concrete into citizens at its feet or trying to get back to their feet. 
The buildings opposite the Apple building began to open up like over ripe apples, their sides splitting and spilling citizens into the rubble and chaos below, their terror and horror echoing through the canyons of the streets below as the building almost as if in slow motion tumbled downwards, portions at a time, burying one person after another in the rubble, until one could see an arm protruding here, a leg there, a bleeding head there, the arms of a small child there.
Finally, he couldn't hold his stomach back anymore. He rocketed a spillage of green vomit from his throat, shooting it outwards like an exploding flame of disgust and anger from his disturbed insides. He felt violated and outraged, but the upset wouldn't quit. Even as more screams and sounds of horror and pain grew about him, and buildings continued to crumble and slide downwards, he kept throwing up over and over again until his whole body felt wretched and wrung like a tossed aside rag.
He managed to find his feet for a moment, just in time to see the ancient and venerable Big Ben crumble and fall from view. Its bells rang loudly for several moments, until they were silenced by their fall, sending up huge plumes of dust in the distance, giving the city an air of multiple air strikes going off at the same time, as mushrooms of dirt and debris shot skywards.
Then it stopped.
The Professor stood there in the middle of hell. Broken glass, shattered sidewalk, broken pavement, smoking ruins of cars and buildings were everywhere. It was like living through the German blitz of London during World War 2.
What he had dreaded had happened. The world was trying to shake off the fleas that were attacking its beautiful rivers and seas, lands and forests. The vain creatures that destroyed and pillaged everything beautiful in the name of making a profit and seeking power.
He felt like he had been beaten to within an inch of his life. His beautiful silk tie was smudged with oil and pavement. His jacket was torn. His hands were bleeding. He felt a slow trickle of blood coming from his forehead and leaking into his right eye. Both his expensive Oxford shoes were torn in the toes and sides. He felt like it was the end of the world until he heard the cry of a baby. So shrill and plaintive, like the world had tossed it aside without a care. Alone and unloved. Scared and horrified.
He turned around and then saw the woman clutching a tiny baby against her, protecting it from the crushing blow of being thrown through the bus window and onto the pavement. Her body was a mangled mess of blood and gore, but the tiny bundle in her arms was intact. It was a miracle of God surely for the baby to have survived, and the mother had provided that miracle. But at what a cost.
He felt hot streams of tears coursing down his cheeks. How could God allow so much pain and anguish to happen and to such young creatures as this. His heart was breaking. At that moment he found himself beginning to doubt the existence of a Creator, even though he knew inwardly that the horror of his experience was discoloring his faith at that moment.
While not a religious man, he was spiritual and believed everything happened for a reason. He'd just never been in such a horrible situation before that commanded such a huge amount of faith to believe there was still justice and good in the world.
The baby cried again, flailing helplessly with its tiny arms against the sides of its mother, seeking warmth and comfort, but getting nothing. 
That thrust him into action. He ignored the pleas of some who were struggling to get to their feet about him, their bodies torn and bloodied and dropped down beside the mangled woman. He gently leaned over to reach the baby bundled up in her arms, his face wet with hot tears as he saw the look of horror in her eyes as she realized she might not be able to protect her baby any longer, but had to at any cost.
He couldn't' begin to imagine the pain she went through at the last, knowing that her baby might not survive even with her sacrifice.
He reached for the tiny bundle and carefully took it from the arms of the dead woman, careful not to despoil her pose. His heart hurt so much he thought it would explode right there and then. He threw off his jacket, careful not to drop the bundle and laid it over her face, offering at least this last moment of kindness towards someone who may or may not have loved the life they lived. He could imagine all kinds of scenarios at that moment, but none ended well, because she had been robbed of her motherhood and her life.
He felt tears stinging his cheeks as he carefully opened up the blankets of the bundle, expecting to see a miserable baby trying to conceive of something so much larger than it that had happened. But instead what he saw was not one child, but two. Two babies.
Oh my God! He thought to himself. The horror of the loss of the mother was clearer now. She wasn't just sacrificing herself for one, but two babies. It was not just one, but two babies. The one was a boy, dressed in an all blue outfit, and the other a girl dressed in all pink. The boy was doing the crying. The girl was sleeping. How that was possible, he would never know, but she felt his tender touch and opened her eyes. The moment she looked into his face she giggled happily and tried to touch his chin. 
The boy stopped crying and looked at her, then looked back at him and began giggling also. He smiled at them hopefully. Maybe today wasn’t going to be so horrible after all if such goodness remained.
It was a miracle. He was meant to be there at that moment for God was showing him the Mercy being shown through the innocence of the small ones he held so carefully in his arms.
He felt this incredible wave of calmness begin to pervade him, to suffuse his very being with a sense of certitude that was both enormous and comforting. He felt almost like there was a presence beside him. The mother. He looked around, but saw nothing. But the babies were both looking to his right and smiling and waving happily, as if an angel were standing there comforting and playing with them.
His sense of joy grew stronger and stronger. He knew that no matter what happened next he would not abandon these children any more than the mother had.
Then a second wave of violence struck.
He flung himself down at the edge of the bus, praying its metal would protect him and the newborns. He swore he would rather die trying to protect them with his own life, than spare his own by abandoning them.
The very earth seemed to be spitting everything upwards. He saw huge Lorries shoot skywards, followed by dozens of people screaming and crying out in fear and pain, as huge chunks of pavement, sidewalk and buildings exploded upwards as well.
The shaking and violence set water mains bursting, gas mains exploding and electric lines tumbling.
The world was chaos about him, but as he huddled there, striving to make sense of the madness happening, he could see the babies watching him, their faces calm and peaceful. 
Then as suddenly as it all began again; it also died again.
He lay there for what seemed like hours, listening to the moans and groans about him. No one seemed able to move, maybe fearing more violent shaking and finally he began to hear the sound of Bobbies blowing on their whistles, the cry of children and adults in pain.
He rose slowly, painfully to his feet, clutching the twins to his chest. The world hadn't ended after all. His predictions had been wrong in that. Or had they?
He clutched the babies closer to his bosom, feeling their warmth mingling with his own. Their calmness seemed to pervade his, or maybe it was the other way around. He would never know he knew as he turned to survey the damage from the huge quakes.
Smoke and flames seared what was left of London. Apple's logo lay across two pedestrians, pinning them to black ruptures of pavement and oil from shattered lines and cars.
Big Ben was a smoking husk. There wasn't a single untouched building for miles. The fact that he could see for miles told him that London was no more. It was a thing of the past, but he knew the spirit of its people. They would survive this even as they had World War Two Nazi buzz bombers. But it would be a hard and long trek back from the dark side of this annihilation.
London was flattened, but it would come back. It had once already. It would again. Dear god, he prayed. Please come back again. Then the babies began to cry.
Pahalgam, India, 8PM, August 2024
A slow procession of pilgrims made their way up the long, winding dirt path. They held small bowls of ghee, a purified butter, with wicks in it that were lit. It was called Diwali, The Festival of Lights, which honored Lakhsmi, the wife of Lord Vishnu. It was a time to honor the Light and chase away evil.
Chandra held his small clay bowl with pride as he followed his father, brothers and mother up the winding path towards the temple which rested solidly on the cliff overlooking the deep gorge where the Ganges rushed and roared. His tiny hands felt the warmth of the heated ghee as the fire burned in the bowl. It was somehow warm and reassuring. The presence of his family and all the village kids and adults was also very warm and comforting to him. He loved Diwali, the Festival of Lights. His heart yearned to be one with Lakhsmi, to serve Vishnu, to find the perfection that he was capable of.
His father read to him every night about the adventures of Vishnu and Lord Krishna. He went to sleep with dreams of him flying through the sky in Lord Vishnu and Krishna's Vimana, shooting high into the heavens, and then circling the Earth, diving into the ocean and sailing beneath the steep waves above into the depths where the great singing whales maneuvered in their infinite grace.
Then he would wake up to the sound of his father and family chanting Om Vishnu Om, Om Krishna Om and he would feel this warm feeling suffusing his heart and body, as if a great hand were engulfing him in a bowl of light.
He would rise and join his family to kneel before the statues of the two Lords, who had Lakhsmi standing behind them, pouring her blessings over their bowed heads.
Such humbleness was comforting. He had never been taught to fear his gods, but to revere them, to respect them for their ability to love all life.
He heard his sister, Sati, giggle next to him and snapped out of his reverie. He turned to look. She was pointing with her bowl at a tall, gangly kid ahead of them, who was dancing as he marched up the hill with the others, his long buttered locks bouncing all over the place, like an ancient monster of some kind shaking its tails.
It was Kumar. He lived about four houses down from him in a small building that housed about twenty people. Four generations of family living in a very small, but comfortable area. He was used to poverty. All his friends and family members were. It was a way of life. None of them expected to ever have more than what they wore and a simple shelter during their lives.
And yet, the people about him were kind and sweet. No bitterness. No anger. He was truly blessed to be surrounded by so many loving souls.
Kumar was the town's clown. He made the sick laugh on their death beds, brought smiles to the old and infirm that could barely move from their chairs. He was a good kid. Almost twenty now. Soon he would be leaving to go to Delhi in search of work or joining the Armed Forces. Yes, he was spiritual, but he still believed in keeping their country safe. 
Chandra smiled. Everyone felt so good at this time of year; it was special to their hearts. It also gave them a welcome relief from the extreme poverty that most lived with from day to day. His stomach growled at that moment, as he remembered his morning meal. His only meal. His father had to walk thirty miles every day, work until midnight, walk home, and then eat and sleep and return again the next morning. All for a rupee a day. It wasn’t even minimum wage. But what could they do. Ever since the economic crash of the United States two thousands millions who were borderline poverty sank into poverty and millions more sank from poverty into starvation.
Punaa, his father, was well liked by the village elders and the Vishnu priest had hopes of him one day taking over the temple. His father was even more devoted than Chandra. It was whispered sometimes by the villagers that he had visions of the future given him by the gods.
Punaa would always laugh off such suggestions and refer to it as kind of spiritual gossip. He once told Chandra at the Temple as the Priest was preparing incense that the truly pious had no need to wear neither their piousness like a badge, nor their visions like chapattis in a bread factory.
Chandra always laughed at those silly comparison, after which Punaa would wink at his lovely mother, Parvati, and whisper something in her ear, after which she's slap him lightly on the face, then giggle. Everyone in the temple would turn to stare at him, but the Priest, whom Chandra at first thought was too angry to say anything, until he was at the side one time and saw the smile on his lips when his father pulled his pranks.
The Priest had turned to Chandra and smiled. "Lord Krishna was a very playful baby. God does not take the world as seriously as we mortals do, because he knows it's just an illusion." He would then chuckle. "Which He, of course, made."
Sometimes Chandra heard the elders discussing how much bad karma those rich people had made for themselves by being so greedy and thoughtless with their accumulation of wealth. Their greed plummeted the world into a recession that lasted decades, and now they were poised to do the same thing again as land values skyrocketed in huge balloons of greed.
This was why he shied away from making money. It seemed unclean somehow. He didn't want to hurt anyone, not even if it meant being poor his entire life to do so. His father smiled back at him, almost as if reading his mind and winked. 
Chandra laughed, and then slipped his slipped a hand free for a moment and gave his sister a friendly punch. She giggled and smiled back at him. He was about to grip the bowl with that hand again when the ground suddenly back to shake. 
The entire procession froze for what seemed like forever, but then the shaking was joined by a horrific roaring sound. The ground shook harder. Portions broke apart and thrust upwards. The temple at the top of the hill made a horrible grinding; groaning sound then it broke free from its foundation and tumbled down the path towards the procession. Some villagers were caught immediately by its deadly plunge, others leaped from the edge of the path into the Ganges below, hoping to survive the freezing waters and smashing rocks below.
Chandra tossed his bowl, as many others did, and strove to run downhill. He heard his sister scream and dropped back to give her a hand up. It saved their lives, but not those on both sides of them, as temple remains rolled over them, an empty frame over them for a moment, but compressing everyone else beneath its heavy concrete, metal and woods.
The sound of the thunderous ruins and the violent shaking finally stopped, but it wasn’t over yet.
Chandra laid his body over his sister as rains of fragmented rocks were flung from above and began pelting the path. Those lucky enough to have survived the plunging temple scattered in every direction, trying to avoid the deadly avalanche of dirt, rocks, boulders and broken temple pieces.
Chandra looked up when it became suddenly silent. Everyone was looking up. The moon which had been so bright and beautiful had turned blood red and then something huge began plunging away from it and dropping towards them.
Chandra did the only thing he could think of. He gathered his sister up into his arms, and leaped from the path into the Ganges. As he plummeted the dozens of yards towards the silver surface an image of Lakhsmi’s smiling face filled his thoughts, and then everything went freezing cold and utterly black.
Lucerne, Switzerland 5PM August 2024
Lake Lucerne is so beautiful at night or during the day. It is pellucid and so clear you can see the bottom even at the hundred foot depth. If you weren’t careful, you might think you were stepping off into a few feet of water only to find you were in hundreds of feet of water, with the bottom nowhere near in sight.
Tiny egrets, swans and ducks swam offshore, searching for insects and small fish to eat. Their whistling, honking and quacking echoed across the lake, bringing a brief smile to Ryan Raymond who was on an excursion at that fateful moment, striving to put as much distance as he could between himself and the chalet he had been staying at with his fiancée. They had come to Switzerland enroute to China, where they hoped to bicycle the Great Wall together. They were both very dynamic explorers who loved a hike or a mysterious destination more than a mere trip to the movies, or to a dance.
Rush, from the moment he stepped off their 747, until they reached the Chalet was in emotional hell. His fiancée had suddenly begun acting very, very strange. She wouldn’t say what was bothering her. It was eating at him like poison, slowly sapping his energy and bringing into his otherwise good nature a sense of self defeat like he had never known before. At that moment he felt a lot of regret for having come to Switzerland. He didn’t realize that soon that regret would turn into the greatest of sorrow.
They had spent all night fighting and ended up with him sleeping on the floor beneath down blankets to stave off the extreme cold blowing from outside. They always kept their windows open, even when it was cold.
But she hadn't cracked. He hadn't either. They had both retreated into cocoons of regret, pain and isolation. They had come nowhere near finding out what was creating the division. It was almost as if someone had sat on their relationship and squashed it beyond repair. How was that possible he wondered over and over again as he rowed? His muscles were giving him a warm burn. It was helping him keep warm as well as take his mind off the harder thoughts welling up from beneath his conscious mind.
He finally had rowed himself out about as far as he could safely go, and then shipped the oars inside the boat, allowing the gentle rocking of the lake to soothe his troubled soul. He loved water. He had grown up on Oahu, near the beach. His father had been a developer and so he had a relatively privileged life during his younger days. It was only once he had attended Berkeley for training in its fine Architecture department that he had found his own footing, and that was when he had separated himself from his father’s money. It wasn’t that he hated him or even that he was troubled by having so much wealth to draw upon.
It was just his nature to want to do it all. To be independent. His mother, a sweet natured woman with puppy dog brown eyes that could make any emotion seem larger than it was, had nurtured him more than his younger brother. Teaching him how to dance. Even how to surf. He hadn’t found out until later that she had been on an Olympics Swimming team and part of their daily routine was riding surfboards and swimming them back to shore to strengthen their muscles. His mother had gone the next nine hundred yards and actually learned how to surf.
No, Rush loved his family. He hated leaving them as much as if he had to chop off his own right hand, but he knew, and they knew that he would never be happy living off their wealth. They were proud of him for wanting to do that. And he had done well for himself. He had graduated from Berkeley with straight A's and the Honor Roll. He had been offered a top paying teaching position in Sacramento, which he had accepted. He taught at the University of California, Sacramento for about ten years. He was probably the youngest Professor there. The older teachers would kid him mercilessly and call him Professor Old Man affectionately.
No, he had led a charmed life, at least until he had left for Switzerland on his sabbatical. He had planned for this trip to become their honeymoon, but it looked more like now it was going to become their divorce.
Rush paused for a moment to reflect on how beautiful the Alps looked at that moment. The moon was full and the reflected moonlight from the snow on the mountains was totally dazzling to his eyes. A rare event, a full moon so close to sunset, which gave the moon a golden tinge and a sense of comfort it might not otherwise radiate.
He smiled. Well, at least some things stayed good. He sighed and lowered his head. What a crappy life I’ve created? He thought.
Then something made him snap out of it. He couldn’t say why, but he had this urgent need to get back to shore. At that same moment all the birds on the lake let out shrill cries and shot into the air in an explosion of feathers, screaming as if all hell were after them. They circled above his boat, and then shot away.
He had learned to trust his instincts, and he hurriedly oared for shore. The birds only heightened his sense of urgency. As he neared the docks below his chalet the lake began to tremble slightly. As the dock neared to within ten yards he heard this huge sucking sound.
His boat began to glide backwards, no matter how hard he pulled on the oars, as if a great hand had grabbed it by the aft. He turned around and saw that a huge wave was surging upwards on the other shore and headed his way. “Oh crap!” He cried out. He knew waves, if he knew nothing else, and he knew this one was not going to let him reach land. So he did the only thing he could. The water was freezing, but the way he figured it, he had two choices die waiting for the wave to hit, or take his chances on the water.
He relaxed a moment, allowing his breathing to become shallower, his heart beats to slow down. He had practiced this meditation technique for years during his college years when he had learned how to meditate. Houdini had done something similar when he performed his water tricks. Finally, he came into a state where he felt this deep seated relaxation and comfort. He didn’t even bother to open his eyes. He knew where the wave was by the movement of his boat. He knew it was now climbing slowly up the edges of the wave.
He rolled over the boat’s edge and plunged into the waters, allowing them to draw him down. He felt something strike him in the side, but he ignored the pain. What mattered was controlling his breathing now more than anything else.
He felt this sudden blast of energy pass over his body and for a brief moment he twirled around in a violent stream of water, but again, he just allowed himself to relax, like a cork in water, bobbing wherever it took him.
In retrospect he would think he had gone mad to think he could survive such an event, but in this moment he was desperate and desperate men do insane things for the right reasons some times.
As abruptly as the violence tossed him around, he felt a release and he began to float upwards. As he did he slowly opened his eyes. Ahead of him he could see all manner of debris, and he could see a stream of blood rising from the left side of his body where he had been struck. He ignored the blood and the pain, enjoying the sensation of Samadhi, peaceful bliss, he was experiencing.
And like the proverbial cork, he came to the surface, just as the giant wave struck shore. Even as deep in meditation as he was he could feel the horror and terror of those on shore and in the buildings as they were struck and crushed by the thousands and millions of tons of lake water.
The great chalets lifted upwards on the wave, then exploded into pieces every direction. He could see bodies tossed around like ants by some massive giant. There was no salvation for those on shore. Only death. Death and destruction.
Finally, the wave gave vent to the last of its fury and the lake began to settle down, disturbed now only by rough waves, which struck the shores about the lake mercilessly. He knew he would not be able to maintain his state much longer. The horror of the scene was gradually reducing the intensity of his bliss and slowly, but surely he was starting to feel the terror of those who were dying or about to die. It was horrible!
He took his muffler and cinched it about his left ribs, which had been hit hard and the skin scraped and cut so badly blood was flowing freely. That should solve that problem, at least until he reached shore. If he reached shore, he reminded himself as he began stroking against the massive waves that were slamming against the shore and then rebounding back into the lake.
If he made it, it would indeed be a miracle. And at that moment he remembered his fiancée had been sleeping in the top floor of the Mont Marte Chalet. He remembered because the front sign of the building swirled past him. A dead body was clinging to its edges, its shape mutilated by the trauma of many blows to it.
It looks like a divorce was no longer necessary, he mused in the kind of stupid way that all people in shock muse when confronted with death and dying. He almost laughed. Almost.
And then his nightmare got worse. Drifting towards him was a bed. His bed! He recognized it because of the tear in its upper right corner. He was about to swim around it, when he saw something wet and shiny clinging to its right side. He stroked to that position and gently lifted it, holding onto the bed as he did.
It had his name on it!
Trembling, he managed to get the wet paper open. Almost the first part of the letter inside was ruined by the water, but enough of the rest of it was readable.
"Dear Rush, 
I know I've been a com..... ass since we left New York. You....and....the trip have been...
I'm so afraid of losing you..."
He looked up. Tears in his eyes. "Losing me?" He asked the air, as if it might answer back, then he hungrily read the rest of the water splotched message.
"...when we....that night...I knew then...and now...I'm not sure how to tell you...I don't want you to think I don't....
"I'm pregnant with..."
Rush choked on the last words. "Our baby."
"Oh God!" Her choked out. His scream echoed across the terrible litter of the lake. "NOOOOOO!"
The United Nations Building, New York City, New York 3PM, August, 2024
Secretary General Arnold Palmer fretted nervously in his chair as the President of the United States spoke at the podium before the hordes of news people gathered here. He also knew that billions around the world were also watching, or listening to what was being discussed. It was a landmark day and everyone knew it. He just couldn’t understand why the President chose this day to air a crazy man in front of the assembly.
Doctor Morgan Freeman stood next to the President, his handsome African American face smiling cordially as the President heaped on praise after praise.
“Doctor Freeman stands here today because I believe he has a presentation we all must pay attention to...”
Smirgey Evans, a Reporter for the National Guardian, stood up and snapped. “If you believe in fairies and hobgoblins.”
He sat down to an eruption of laughter and scattered applause from fellow reporters, but the President was angry. 
He gave the short imp a stare that would burn holes in solid steel. The reporter was the scourge of the White House. If he hadn't won the noble peace prize for his reporting of the dreaded new variant of the Nile disease that had swept the world in 2021 he would have been working out of the dingy back of a sweatshop, struggling to make ends meet instead of being seated in the front row of the Press Section.
“Smirgey. How long have I known you?” The President asked.
“Seven years, Mister President.” Smirgey replied, a slightly scared look on his face.
“Have I ever lied or misled you or any of your fellow press corp.?”
Smirgey was silent. 
“Well, have I?” The President demanded, his voice louder and sterner.
Smirgey stood up, his head bowed. “I’m sorry, Mister President. It won’t happen again.” Under his breath. "Today."
He sat back down. The President glared at him an extra second, then took a deep breath and turned to the Doctor and stepped back from the podium. “I give you Doctor Morgan Freeman, newly appointed Chief of Interior Investigations.”
Smirgey glanced over at the cute blonde taking shorthand next to him. He gave her a blank look. “The what?”
The blonde gave him a condescending look. “If you had read the handout this morning that the Chief of Staff gave everyone, you’d know he was a scientist, and a Nobel Prize winner. And that he got his degree on studies of the earth’s mantle in a very comprehensive earthquake study that was just released this month.”
She gave him another condescending look, and then turned away.
Smirgey stuck his tongue out at her, and faced forward just as the Doctor stepped to the mike on the podium to speak and the applause had died. “Bitch.” He said beneath his breath.
A book smacked him hard on the back of his head. She leaned close and resting her hand on his leg, pressed a nerve so strongly his leg began to twitch violently. "You better pray to whatever god you worship, you little twerp, because if I ever hear you talk that way to me or anyone else again I'll sic my six hundred pound pet tiger on you."
"Yes. M'am." He replied.
He gave her a closer look and noted her press badge said the D.C. Zoo.
He swallowed hard. She meant it.
She let go. He started to relax. Then she said. "And my eighteen hundred pound gorilla."
No one heard it then, but a slight stream of warm liquid began to pour down his left leg, and pooling at the base of his chair. He squirmed uncomfortably, but didn't dare get up, not with the growing stain on his leg.
“I am here today to warn the world of a grave danger it faces.”
There was a massive stirring among the reporters and the Assembly seated there.  Even the Secretary-General was startled by his first words.
“In just about ten seconds…” The Doctor glanced at his watch. “Make that fifteen. The world will have a wakeup call. Our abuse and misuse of our world’s resources will have finally tipped the balance of nature in a direction so negative, that the consequences will be monumentally disastrous for all of us.”
People jumped to their feet and began shouting.
The Doctor waited several seconds for them to calm down and said. “The President and I are here not to stop the disaster that the greed of our nation and others has brought upon us, but to bear witness that it is still possible to prevent the disaster that will occur later from ever happening.”
More people rose to shout at the Doctor. Reporters began flashing cameras; TV Crews began rolling their cameras as Anchors spoke into mikes.
Smirgey, despite the stain, bounced up. "Just what in the hell do you think you're pulling off, Doctor? This is not cheap movie theater with special effects!"
Then suddenly every bird in the city shot into the air and flew screaming out to sea. Dogs began barking.
The next moment the ground jolted lightly, startling everyone into a sudden quiet.
Suddenly, the sound of a drizzle was heard. Smirgey was peeing himself again, but this time noisily.
Doctor Freeman glanced at the President, who nodded to his Chief of Staff. The Chief of Staff went to a General who stood to the side and began hurriedly whispering into his ear.
Smergey tried to cover his embarrassment with a loud protest as everyone turned to look at where the sound was coming from. He had to get their attention off him and the ground and on the Doctor. “Is that it? You came here to warn us about a bump?”
Doctor Freeman turned to Smirgey. “The President told me you would be trouble. I'm sorry to say that you are also going to have a little.”
The buildings about them began to shake, then the pavement shook violently, and portions of it erupting, throwing delegates onto the ground. Others ran screaming for what they thought was safety, only to have cars roll over on their sides and slide towards them, two tons of metal and glass death reaching out for victims.
The United Nations building’s windows all exploded as the glass within it broke free when another much larger trembler shook it.
The President went over to the Doctor. “It’s bigger than we thought.”
The Doctor shook his head. “No. This is just the beginning. I’m sorry, my friend, I couldn’t tell you everything or the world would not be ready for what happened next.”
Everyone turned in horror as a Delegate yelled. “The Empire State Building is collapsing.”
That building and many others were shaking so violently now that they were tumbling to the ground.
The President grabbed Doctor Morgan Freeman by his tie and shoved his face next to him. “You’re killing millions!”
“No.” Doctor Morgan replied. “I’m saving billions!”
The President shook the Doctor off, then several CIA agents rushed up and took the Doctor by his wrists. “We’ll speak again. Later.  After I pick up the pieces of this mess you’ve made.”
The President stormed off towards a waiting Presidential limo, but before he could reach it, the pavement under the car shot upwards, shooting the car high into the air. The limousine flipped over and over, and then tumbled back down towards the President.
Doctor Freeman shook off his startled guards, and dove forward, shoving the President to safety, but was himself caught beneath the falling limo.
The President stood up, shaking from the impact and the stress. He turned to see his long time friend lying on the pavement, the limo lying across his lower torso. He ran to him and cradled his head. “You saved my life.”
Doctor Morgan Freeman spit up blood, and then smiled. “Save them, Jim.”
“You bastard! You didn't even tell me the truth!” The President asked.
"You needed to see...to see this...so you could...stop...stop..ahhhhhh!" The Doctor screamed.
Doctor Morgan Freeman’s chest heaved upwards and he screamed in pain again and then collapsed. The President thought he was dead. Suddenly, the Doctor’s eyes opened and he grabbed the President and pulled him close to his lips. “Must go...to…”
He began coughing violently.
“Where? Go where?” The President asked.
“To…center.” The Doctor’s last words faded from his lips.
Then his eyes froze in position and his body stiffened.
The President stood up. The shaking and violence had stopped.
People were crying and moaning in pain everywhere. He turned to look at New York City and it looked as if it had been blasted by a nuclear weapon. His Chief of Staff stumbled over, clutching a hanky to his bleeding forehead. “Thank God! You’re alive! What are we going to do?”
The President stared at the catastrophe about him, and then said quietly. “What we always do. Survive.”
July 1st, 2025 Las Vegas, Nevada 8PM
Aaron Smart stood outside Caesar’s Palace, just before 
the slide walks that whisked tourists in and out of the super hotel. He was dressed well, suit and tie. His eyes were bright and clear, but had a haunted look to them. It was when a tourist accidentally brushed into him, almost knocking him down, that one could see he had changed. He said nothing, ignoring the pleas for forgiveness from the clumsy tourist. He wasn’t interested. Not much interested him these days, except winning.
He stepped onto the slide walk and made his way to the entrance where a tall Gladiator and seductive looking Slave Girl stood on either side, greeting people as they entered. 
He ignored them too. They recognized him, however, and nodded, then whispered to each other as he passed. Some of the tourists stopped to look at him as he passed, as if they should recognize him, but not remembering they went on.
Finally, he reached a video poker machine, sat down and began inserting silver dollars into it. He fed a couple rolls, and then stopped. Yawned, and began pulling the lever. He didn’t even bother looking at the whirling cards displayed. He didn’t care if he won or lost. He didn’t care about a lot of things these days. Hadn’t for a long time. Not since…
He took a deep breath when he felt his heart starting to palpitate as if it might burst inside his chest. He took another deep breath and remembering what his cardiologist had told him, closed his eyes and started a gentle meditation to soothe his ragged nerves.
He had to. They had been that way continuously since the Big One of ’24. No one thought of that year without a large degree of anxiety and trepidation. The newscasts, the few that had remained intact, broadcast for a full month as rescue operations were underway. He had been glued to them. Addicted to them. Taking a deep breath and relaxing when people were found alive and well and tensing up when they weren’t. 
“Drink, Mister?” A beautiful, slender girl dressed like an Egyptian Goddess asked. He glanced at her and shook his head, but before she could go, he slipped a twenty into her belt. She gave him a surprised look, then a sweet smile and continued to the next customer at the video poker machines…an old geezer with frizzy hair that hung almost to his knees. Kind of a hippy Einstein he thought as he glanced that way.
He heard a series of dings which grew louder and returned his attention to his machine, just in time to see four aces align in a row. He didn’t smile. He didn’t yelp or yell like someone else might have. Instead, he just waited as the bright red light atop his machine began to wail loudly and twirl. 
The Egyptian Goddess swung back by, noted his position, smiled, and then said she’d be right back. She returned with a firmly muscled, tall man who examined the machine, then looked at Aaron. His suspiciousness vanished immediately.
“Lucky string as usual, Mister Smart?” 
Aaron nodded. He took the receipt offered him, scribbled his name, and then said, “You know who to give it to?”
“The one in Placerville, right?” 
Aaron nodded.
He got up to leave. 
“Have a good night, Mister Smart.”
Aaron paused as if to say something, but continued for the exit. What could he say? That every night he fell asleep he saw the crushed bodies of Sheriff Trout and Trulie Barnes, and remembered how Trulie had shoved him to safety when the ceiling had collapsed, saving him, but dooming her and the Sheriff. As mean as he had been to her, as angry and conniving as he had been, and she had saved him. The worst kind of punishment he could ever have received.
He took a deep breath, and then choked slightly on the cigarette thick airs of the casino. He sped up. He was never going to be used to this environment. He was an outdoors person. And he was a student of geology. He had decided after the Great Quake of 2024 to do something that would make a difference, and so he had fallen back on his first love. Geology. He had been close to Doctor’s degree when he had fled the academic world the first time. So he had been spending every second he could spare to finish his Doctoral Thesis. It was on Dark Matter and String Theory. What made him choose that was the aftermath of the quake. Scientists around the world had reported that there was a great eruption of Dark Matter near Earth at the time, and that its focal point was the interior of the Earth.
He didn’t know how they figured that out, but they had. He had finally gotten over his needs to escape through alcohol and gone back to school in Davis to complete his Doctorate.
As he rode the speed walk down to the street level of Las Vegas Boulevard, his thoughts were once again on the Sheriff and Trulie. 
He hardly noticed all the new construction going on. The New Mirage was being built larger than before and was rumored to have a Space Shuttle landing on its front lawn every night.
Caesar's Palace now really looked like a palace of the fairy tale Arabian Nights, and had hordes of visitors from all over there. It was practically the only casino that had been rebuilt. The others were all in various stages of reconstruction.
The horrible earthquakes that had shaken the mantle of the earth had somehow been lighter in Nevada, except in Reno, which had turned into a raging Volcano that sucked everything alive down into it, before it blew up and cast a smoking cloud that buried the skies for months, causing the first freezing winter in Vegas of its history. He remembered the first time he had come after the destruction and it was buried in snow.
Disney, what was left of it, had rebuilt its studios in Nevada and was expanding them to include tours, as well as a new Disneyland that included their DC franchise, their Pixar franchise and their Marvel Comics franchise.
He mused on that a moment, wondering how much different Nevada might have become had Disney done that before the death and destruction. Maybe more people would have moved here, saved themselves from...
He felt his eyes becoming moist and hurriedly wiped at them. No time and place to be a softie he scalded himself. No time to beat himself up either. 
He just hoped that the money he had won for the families would help soften the loss of their loved ones. And he fervently prayed that someday he would be able to forgive himself for being the one who survived.
As he reached the street level he dodged around a large group of Asians, chattering excitedly amongst each other, snapping shots of the actors in front of Caesar’s Palace. 
One of them looked a lot like Robin Williams, but ten years younger. That made him sad. Robin and most of the movies stars that lived in the Hollywood area had died with the earth thrusts and tidal waves that struck that area. Thousands had perished in the quake and the tidal waves had killed millions more.
He had seen pictures of the destruction and it reminded him of the pictures of Nagasaki and Hiroshima after the A-Bomb had pounded them flat. 
Again, he had to harden up; he was in danger of breaking down and crying. As he looked around even the smiling tourists all had a cast, an aura of sadness about them. He knew that many were like him, wondering why they had survived, when so many of their loved ones and friends had not.
He smiled as he passed when a small child waved up at him and then hid behind its mother. Kids were another reason he went back to school. He hoped that someday he could make the world safer for them.
They were the most resilient of the survivors. They seemed to thrive on the adversity. They helped the adults make a stronger effort to heal and to pull it back together again. To try and undo the death and destruction that had been visited upon them so suddenly.
He stopped and turned to look at Caesar’s Palace. It was one of about five casinos that hadn’t been destroyed entirely by the Quake. As he turned slowly he could see wrecking crews still cleaning up the MGM ruins, and the Desert Pines...one of the last of the new casinos. Those two had been flattened flatter than a pancake.
Why some buildings had been spared in the midst of so much destruction, he couldn’t fathom, nor could the scientists who were supposedly in the know about such things. He suspected sometimes, though he didn’t know why, couldn’t put a conscious reason on it, that there was more to the Quake than Mother Nature at work.
He sighed deeply, stuck his hands in his pockets, and prepared to walk home the fifteen miles he always did.  It was silly form of penance for being a winner in a world where so many had lost. Silly, because it made absolutely no difference to those who had lost their lives and stupid because he still felt so much guilt burdening his heart.
He was a mature man. He had no reason to cry for anyone, but he did. Every night. Every single, damn night for the last year!
As he reached Flamingo to turn right a large dark limo pulled up next to the curb. A window rolled down. Inside was a thickly-built man in a dark suit with shaded glasses on. 
“Mister Smart?”
Aaron stopped, even though part of him wanted to ignore him. “And if I am?”
“Sir, I need you to come with me.”
Aaron backed up. “For what?”
“Sir. I’m authorized to use force if necessary.”
Aaron backed up further. “I don’t think so. Go to hell!”
Aaron made a dash for the street, hoping the traffic would shield him. He never made it past the curb. Something went whack inside the limo and his neck felt like a giant bumblebee had stung him.
“Damn bugs!” He cursed, slapping at his neck, then his 
eyes rolled up in his head, and that was the last thing 
he remembered before all went black.
July 2nd, 2025 England Noon
Cambridge
The Old Schools, Trinity Lane, Cambridge CB2 1TN, United Kingdom…the sign proudly exclaimed as Professor Everett Evans strolled onto the beautifully manicured lawn that fronted the old ancient school. It felt good to be back in England again, even though the last visit there continued to haunt his dreams with nightmarish visions of the dead and dying.
Cambridge had the wealth of the nobility and royal family behind it and its status. It was rebuilt within a year, albeit with sturdier walls and flooring. This time everything was built to withstand an earthquake on the Richter scale of 10 to 12. God forbid it should be bigger, as nothing on earth could survive such an event.
London had recovered faster than most, because the people were stout and fearless and determined. Almost all the superstructure of the buildings destroyed were intact, so after the rubble and debris were removed, and a hasty meeting of Parliament, construction and reconstruction filled out the destruction that had been made by the Great Quake of 2024.
He nodded to himself. Humanity was in a much better place than it had been a year ago, but even with all the hard learned lessons of the massive earth trembler, many were still acting as if nothing had really happened, except a freak shift of nature.
It didn't take long for the factories to start belching out excessive carbon into the atmosphere, more plastics to go floating in the oceans, more toxic waste to be spilled in the lakes and rivers and ground water. Modern man at his best. Thought the Professor.
At that thought he frowned deeply, which caused his youthful looks to weather and age, so that one might at first mistake him for an older person than he truly was.
His piercing blue eyes immediately noticed a commotion ahead of him. Two students were having a shouting match. The taller one carried a sign which read: The End of the World Is Coming.
The shorter one carried a sign which read: Your Mama!
Everett grinned. The ridiculousness of the fight was lost to the two, but to everyone else it was just another day at the school, where pranks and homework abounded.
Everett passed the two warring students as they began to push and shove on each other, and proceeded towards the main entrance. 
July 2nd, 2025 England Noon
Cambridge
Earth Dynamics Class
A portrait of Jules Verne and H.G. Wells hang on either side of the white board behind Professor Everett. On the board it was a picture of our earth, with a hole drilled through its center, and the appearance of a sun, skies, seas and continents inside.
“And so it has come to my attention.” Professor Everett read to his class, who were leaning forward, intent upon his every word. “That there are many who believe my words to be a fantasy written to stimulate men’s minds, but rather than the truth which they aver, they believe fairy tales.”
Everett looks up from the aged parchment paper in his hands. “Jules goes on to say; 'It was a long time ago that my good friend Wells and I traversed to that dark inner recess of our planet, but traverse it we did. The course of which shall become known to all when the Great Shake shall come to warn man.”
A tall man in a very dark suit is seated in back. He raises a hand. “Then is it your conviction that these two well known authors knew a path to reach the center of the earth?”
Everett suddenly realized the man had been there the whole time. He hadn’t noticed when he entered. The man was very nicely dressed and had a thick shock of pure white hair which hung over in a kind of Beatles length mop over a pair of piercingly bright green eyes. The man’s form appeared to be very tight, so he probably worked out. Everett could tell that because of the tell tale signs of the muscles in the man’s hands and his neck.
“I don’t believe we’ve had the honor of an introduction.” Everett answered.
Inside, he realized that the man could be someone from the school board, or one of the many unknown investors who funded the ancient school.
The tall man rose. He really was tall. Close to seven feet in fact. Everett revised his estimation of the man. Not only was he strong looking, he carried himself like a dancer. His poise was perfect.
The tall man saw the connections clicking in Everett’s eyes and gave him a vague, mysterious smile. “No, you haven’t. After class perhaps?”
July 2nd, 2025 England Noon
Cambridge
The Thames
Everett and the Tall Man stood at the dock in the rear of the school and watched as teams practiced their rowing. The Tall Man seemed relaxed and at peace with himself, which made Everett all the more nervous. Was this some kind of audit he wasn’t aware of?
Finally, when the last of the rowing teams shot away and reached some distance, he turned to look at Everett.
“You come highly recommended.”
“May I ask by whom? 
“Myself.” The Tall Man answered with a grin. He put his hand out. “Call me Miles, all my friends do. And I certainly hope to include you in that group.”
Everett was wary of the offer. He declined to shake.
Miles continued to hold his hand out and smile. “I was hoping this could be a pleasant encounter. Am I wrong in my assessment of you?
Everett sighed, and then took the hand. It was like being enclosed by a vise. The man’s grip was iron!
Miles let go and turned around to face the water again. “It all seems so peaceful now, doesn’t it?”
Everett didn’t know where this was going, but figured he was about to find out, so he just nodded.
“You see, Professor, we, that is I and a few others, believe that the Great Quake was merely a forewarning. That the worst is yet to come.”
Everett felt a sweat breaking out on his forehead. He didn’t want to hear those words. It’s as if the man had read his mind. For the last two weeks he had fallen asleep to awaken with an image of Europe breaking in two and upending into the Atlantic.
“How could you possibly know that?” Everett burst out. “Our best scientists claim it was a movement of the earth’s crust caused by the proximity of the planets. It’s not supposed to happen again for another hundred thousand years.”
Miles smiled as if at an inner joke, and then turned to face Everett. His face was hard and relentless. Everett cringed back a bit, frightened.
“You should be frightened, Professor. But not of me. Of what is yet to come. To quote your favorite authors, “and after we met the good people of Agharta, we were given the time to examine a very large book. In it is written all of the events that are yet to pass upon the earth.”
“Unless man does change his ways.” Everett finished.
“Exactly.” Miles agreed. “And I for one do not intend to depend on anyone else’s calculations or fantasies. We’ve had enough of those. Isn’t it bad enough that the global warming threatens the very shores of every civilization? That every season grows harsher. Every catastrophe more deadly?”
“What are you getting at?”
Miles leaned closer. “That we are men of action. And men of action do what they must to save the lives of the helpless.”
Everett shook his head. “Miles, or whoever you are, these are writers. They are imagination driven souls. How can we be sure that all they say is true?”
“We can’t.” Miles said. “But are you willing to wait here for the next Big Quake to strike. For billions to die, instead of millions this time?”
Everett shook his head. “I’m sorry. I’m just a teacher. What could I possibly contribute to such an expedition? I’m assuming that’s what you plan?”
“So your final word is no?” Miles asked, a certain sense of sadness in his eyes.
“Yes. And that’s final.”
Everett turned to leave, as two men in diving suits swung up onto the dock, grabbed him, and then flipped back into the water with him.
Miles reached into his suit pocket, pulled out a Smartphone, tapped twice on its screen, and then put it away. Smiling, he walked quickly away, whistling as the kids in the boats came oaring back to the dock.
July 2nd, 2025 Pahalgam, India 9PM
Shore of the Ganges
A young boy sat on a rock overhanging the Ganges. A small girl sat next to him. Both wore traditional orange robes, symbols of monks. The young boy had a small incense bowl in front of him and was lighting a new stick of sandalwood incense, while the girl next to him chanted over and over, “Om Lakhsmi Om. Om Lakhsmi Om.”
In positions behind the two children were a ragged troop of Indians, some with offerings in their hands, and some just standing or sitting there, watching with a look in their eyes as if they expected to see something no one else ever would.
Finally, the young boy finishes lighting his incense, and then slowly rises.
The Indians all prostate themselves as he turns to look at them.
It is Chandra, but a changed child. His bright eyes are now ridged with scars, as is much of his face. His once handsome features are crisscrossed from the fatal drop into the Ganges. He survived, but with a cost. Others did not survive that day and their cost was the ultimate one. Another lifetime. Another incarnation. Such was the way of life in India. Such the worth of life sometimes.
“There is only one God.” Chandra began.
His sister Sati continued to chant, “Om Lakhsmi, Om.” Over and over and over.
The Indians came closer, their eyes eager to see as much of the young boy as they could. He was special and they knew it. Though anyone watching might think he was just lucky and not special at all.
“Believe in what is true and good in all men and women.” Chandra said next. “God dwells in the heart of all of us. God is all of us!”
The Indians all nodded their heads, much like Christian church goers do when the Preacher does his Amen's and Hosannas.
“I am alive today, not because I am special, but because God is merciful.” Chandra added, pausing to let that sink in.
Many of the Indians smiled. They didn’t believe that for a minute. Some of the braver ones crept closer and reached out fingers to touch him. Chandra let them touch him. He didn’t flinch or pull away.
One particularly sad looking older woman, whose teeth were rotting in her mouth, and who looked to be ready to die, stumbled forward and started to fall. He caught her in his arms and gently laid her down. “Mother, be careful. God is not ready to welcome you in His Kingdom yet.”
The older woman reached a hand up. It was trembling violently. He took the hand and pressed it to his heart. People scrambled closer to see what was happening, as the older woman began to moan as if in great pain, but as they could see she was in anything but pain. Her body began to shake. Before their eyes her withered hands began to blossom with youth, her facial skin to become pink and fresh, and her eyes bright and clear.
She cried out as if something great had passed within her vision and then fainted. Chandra gently lifted her and placed her on a lone strip of rock upon which was a blanket. His sister kept chanting, “Om Lakhsmi, Om.”
Chandra laid her down on the blanket, and then drew a second one over her. He turned to the people. “We have suffered a great catastrophe. But there is no true catastrophe, but the lack of faith. Have faith in yourself. Have faith in the good of man. Have faith in the God within us all.”
Then he raised his hands, as if to touch the sky.
In the back of the crowd an American in a dark suit came from the crowd and watched. He held up a Smartphone, allowing its camera to capture the moment.
Chandra’s hands began to glow as if a miniature sun were within them.
“Get that?” The American asked.
An inarticulate response came from the phone. He nodded, and then put it away.
A moment later as Chandra’s hands grew brighter and brighter, a loud humming sound was heard, then bright beams of light cast across the Indians. Everyone thought it was a heavenly sign and dropped to the ground to prostate them.
What they didn’t see was the almost invisible Stealth Chopper rise above the banks of the Ganges and hover over Chandra and his sister. 
The American smiled, and then dropped out of sight as an explosion of light flared across the scene.
When the flare of light waned the Stealth Chopper was gone, as were Chandra and his sister, Sati.
July 2nd, Lucerne 2028, Switzerland 9AM
Chalet Orange, Lake Lucerne
Rush, felt like he looked, worn out and tired. Worn by the year that had gone by and all he had endured with so many others, and tired. Tired of life as he knew it. He used to get excited when he sky dived, climbed a new mountain, explored new jungles, sought deep archaeological finds beneath the sea, but now all he wanted was to find a place to rest. Close his eyes. Let everything go. Including his life.
This all may sound very negative to anyone who didn’t know the man, but the reality was he had lost a lot, just like so many others, but blamed himself for it, like so many others did not. He felt the guilt surge up within the tidal pools of his conscience again as he imagined his finance screaming from their 3rd floor window as the tidal wave engulfed their chalet. 
In his mind he could see the water smashing her frail body against the far wall and impaling her with debris and shattered wood and ceiling pieces. He envisioned the blood surging from her severed limbs and her screaming mouth.
He saw their baby perishing within her body and the note that he had found in the lake afterwards. No, it was too painful to remember. Too close to forget.
No, he wasn’t having a good day. As far as he knew many weren’t. The Great Quake of 2024 had caused one of the worst depressions since the one in the early two thousands. That one had taken almost until two thousand twenty two to finally level out. Political parties kept on battling for power over each other, with each side unwilling to bend. The whole country of the United States had fallen apart into a North versus South kind of attitude. The fact that it didn’t end up in war was only a slight miracle, since the war was very real to many who were kept in poverty by the selfishness of the political parties and those who voted for them.
An educated world it was not. Not that time. And not now. People still cared more about their own pocketbooks, and if he wasn’t mistaken the global warming was getting worse not better. It seemed like the lesson of 2024 had not been learned after all. Maybe there would be a greater cleansing coming. He didn't know. He didn't care. He just kept himself busy so he didn't have to think. Didn't have to remember.
He stood on the edge of the dock, watching the swans and diving egrets, trying to relax, but his mind was like a ping pong ball bouncing back and forth between the past and now. He finally sighed, and turned around and nearly knocked over a very tall man in a dark suit.
“Mister Raymond?” The man asked.
Rush suddenly got nervous. It was never a good thing when a man in a dark suit suddenly asked your name. He was a foreigner in a foreign country. But he hadn’t done anything.
“What’s it to you?”
The man ignored the obvious sarcasm in Rush’s voice, and went on to say. “I’m here to offer you a job.”
Rush was not only surprised, he was shocked. He hadn’t had a job in years. He hadn’t needed one. He was an entrepreneur with one of the most trafficked websites on the internet…the X Zone. It specialized in unusual facts and history. Things like Atlantis and Lemuria. Flying saucers and little green men. The difference being that his site did not focus on the sensational, but on facts. His news was always backed up by facts. If it wasn’t factually based, he didn’t post it.
That’s why his site had gotten so popular. People had come to not only trust him, but to look forward to whatever his latest exposure was. And hits to the site meant he was driving traffic to Google's ads, which meant he could keep paying his bills and his people. His site was worth something over ten billion dollars now it had become that popular. He couldn't divest himself of it, and just kept doing what he was today, but he needed to keep busy. To try somehow to forget and make up for the past.
He gave the majority of his money away to victims of the 2024 disaster. It was never enough, but it was something. And something was better than nothing. If he could save one life, one marriage, one love...then...
“I don’t need a job.” He said firmly. “Now, if you’ll step out of my way.”
The tall man didn’t move. He just stood there. “I think you do. This one.”
Rush wasn’t biting, but he was patient enough not to fight his way past the man. Yet.
“Alright, why?”
“Because it might prevent another accident like what happened to your fiancé and millions of other citizens around the planet.”
Now Rush was biting, but with a certain degree of skepticism. “That’s a pretty tall order for one person to fulfill.”
“Not if he’s working with a team.” The tall man answered with the hint of a smile. "The best damned team the world has ever seen."
“A team? For what?”
“Travel to the interior of the earth.”
Rush was rocked back on his heels by that. He actually almost lost his balance and stepped off the dock. The tall man reached out and pulled him back.
“Thanks.” He said.
“Interested now?”
Rush eyed the tall man a long time, saying nothing. The tall man stared back at him, his face expressionless.
July 3rd, Lhasa, Tibet, Noon
The Shrine of the Golden One
Monks in orange saffron robes congregate on the steps. They are talking excitedly. The shrine is one of the oldest in Tibet, and has many symbolic sculptures adorning its walls and doors. Standing in the door frame is Miles. He has a worried look on his face. He watches the monks a bit nervously. This is obviously not his normal territory of operations and he is undergoing a considerable amount of discomfort just being there.
Not because they’re monks, but because it reminds him of what he lost. His wife was an archaeologist and she had come to Tibet to explore some of the underground passages there. It was then he had learned about the legends of Shamballa, which he had immediately laughed off as just another superstitious belief, like the lost island of Atlantis and Lemuria, but she was a believer.
When she managed to snag a satellite connection on her iPad, she would send him pictures of the cave and the very strange and unique symbols that adorned their entrances. She had translated one as saying, “All who enter, prepare to be turned inside out.”
He could never quite figure out if she took that literally or not, because she would never give him a straight answer about her insights. It was as if they were becoming separated, not only by distance, but emotionally as well. A part of him recognized the problem as his own work. He rarely stayed home more than a night or two in any given month, and no wonder she had finally given into the wanderlust that at one time drove them together, as they explored different parts of the world together.
He remembered that final message from her. “I’ve found it! Tell you tomorrow. Connection dying.”
But she didn’t tell him that next day, or the next, because the next day was the Great Quake. He eyed the shrine a bit more closely, and he could see where it had been damaged by the quake, but not brought down. Even this carefully built structure had been damaged. There were few buildings around the world that hadn’t been.
He sighed, and then shrugged his shoulders to turn around. Let the monks talk all they damn well pleased, he and his crew were going down, like it or not.
Rush came out as he was going in. “The Dalai Lama is waiting.”
Miles nodded. They went inside together, both men lost in their feelings of loss and regret. Even though Miles was perhaps better at hiding his sorrow, it radiated from him like heat from a fire most of the time.
They passed along a marble floor that had beautiful mandalas and tantric symbols inscribed in the marble with colorful semi-precious stones. The walls depicted Buddha helping poor people, standing before God, and other various historical places and positions. 
“And so…” They heard the voice of the current Dalai Lama. “So we must bless this courageous expedition and encourage a positive outcome.”
They entered a very large chamber that was filled with heads of state, and Miles’ crew, who stood to the right, listening intently, all dressed in their pure white outfits, that had patches with gold stars on their shoulders with the symbol of a third eye in the middle of a hollow earth.
They stopped just inside the door to wait for the Dalai Lama to finish. He was a taller man than the last, and perhaps that also gave him the illusion of being more powerful than he talked. His voice was soft and melodious, but his body was lean and tough looking, like that of a body builder.
“I present to you the keys of Buddha, without which you would surely be turned away on your mission before you reach your goal.”
Professor Everett, standing to the left of Miles’ group, stood forward. “You speak as if you’ve already traveled there.”
“With thought all things are possible.” The Dalai Lama answered. “But with the heart nothing is impossible.”
Miles frowned. Sounded like mumbo jumbo. Rush caught his expression and laughed. “You’re not much of one for metaphysics, are you?”
“If I can’t touch it, it doesn’t exist as far as I’m concerned.” Miles answered a bit cynically, already knowing how Rush would respond.
“Touch the sun and it’ll bite your hand off.” Rush grinned.
"Don't you mean fry?" Miles retorted sarcastically.
Rush shrugged off the comment, and then turned to look towards his right, where the President of the United States stood next to the new Prime Minister of Reformed Russia, and the President of Holy China, the Reformed. 
The disaster had caused most of Beijing and the leadership of China to be destroyed, leaving a power vacuum that was quickly filled by the younger activists who had been waiting for just such a moment.
The new China was now a Buddhist nation in its entirety and the Dalai Lama the Defacto head of state, even though he refused the position. Still, he gave counsel to the new leaders urging them to honor the earth and waters as their ancient peoples had at one time.
Thus had been reborn a China without the mythical past of war and terror of its military leaders and replaced mystical leaders who worshipped the sanctity of life as envisioned by the Lord Buddha.
This had turned the relationships between America and China upside down at a time when they both needed stability, but the politics of sanity ultimately won in China, if not America and their people were working hard to reform their use of raw fuels and converting instead to solar and wind power. 
The leaders of the new China wanted to make it so that every home had its own power supply independent of any outside lines. A grand goal and one which both Miles and Rush had wished their own President had set, but his goals seemed to be more set on revenge at times, than the practical one of changing a nation's self destructive self indulgence with power and supply into one of co-operation with nature.
This terrified Rush ultimately, but Miles took it with a grain of salt, knowing that nature had a way of removing those who got in its way eventually, and not always in the most fun sorts of ways.
The President sensed Miles’ glance and turned. He nodded his head perceptibly, and then returned his attention to his fellow leaders.
“Who would’ve imagined that the three most powerful men in the world would one day be standing here in agreement?” Rush said a bit wistfully.
“For that matter.” Miles added. “That Russia would one day become a democratic government free of crime.”
"Or China passive."
Rush nodded at that. “Amazing how a tragedy can 
sometimes work out for the best.”
	"So what happened to our country?" Miles asked. "Why are still so hell-bent on revenge and self destruction?"
Rush smiled. "Hey! Didn't you hear, it's the American way?"
Miles was quiet a moment. “And that is why we must do this.”
Rush eyed the taller man a moment. “I assume you refer to finding this mythical city?”
"Not just that. To stop this from becoming the death of all civilization."
Rush eyed him closely. "Something you're not telling us, fearless leader?"
Miles looked at him. “Until we know who is at the bottom of this incident, we have to assume anything is possible…even the impossible.” He emphasized that last word as the President of the United States took the symbolic key from the Dalai Lama.
An answer, but not the right one, Rush decided, even as he grit his teeth in response to the continued blab blab of the world leaders and their reps. His stomach growled. Yeah. Some things never change. He smiled.
July 4, 2015 Tibet Plateau 5AM
Kirti Gompa (or Gerdeng Monastery)
The largest Monastery in Aba (Ngawa) Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China is hustling and bustling with men in the white uniform with the blazing star and third eye patches on their shoulders. 
Doctor Siang Ching Mon Sway watched them with a face that was inscrutable beneath his long beaded hair. He stood like a centurion of old with a sword on his belt and a pistol on the other. He was the official representative of the Chinese government, and the highest ranking official after Miles and Rush in the Middle Earth expedition as it was being called. But in his own country, unofficially, he was the last of a warrior class that was still struggling in the background of modern pacifist leadership, to win back to the old ways of China as the conqueror. Now was the best time for such an action. It might not be so easy for another thousand years otherwise. 
But he was a patient man. He had waited through the last leadership, as corrupt and powerful as it was, and he could wait through the wimpy, wispy dreams of the new leadership as it went about destroying the China that should have been in order to make it what they thought it should be.
He spit to the side. He rarely did that, but when he thought of the children running the country, instead of men like his father and...he smiled...himself. Well.
He was a considerate man when everything went his way, but lest you mistake the kind words for a kind heart, you would be sadly mistaken. Beneath that golden exterior beats the heart of a cruel man, whose bent for power is equaled only by his thirst for knowledge.
A leading contributor to the current science of black space…the dimension of space known to exist between dark matter and white matter…he had made a name for himself in both science and military operations. His latest theory of dark space compression had led to immense leaps in space technology and the construction of craft that would not need any kind of physical fuel as we know it.
As a matter of fact he rather fancied he would be leading the first flight to Alpha Centauri in the next five years, which had been designated as a joint powers project and had highest priority, especially now in light of the gathering evidence that another major world changing event was going to occur. A life extinction event, like the one that had caused the extinction of the dinosaurs during that time period. Only this time there would be no survivors. Animal or otherwise.
“Penny for your thoughts, Doctor.” Aaron said as he stepped up beside the lean man. 
Doctor Sway didn’t turn to look. His eyes were on the electronics being loaded onto the back of a Yak by the Special Forces led by General Miles Davis. It was critical to their mission, though unknown to the others, it was also critical to his mission. For even though China was co-operating fully, he, himself, had another agenda. His own organization, relatively unknown to the West, had an imperative of its own.
“I can see you’ve adjusted to the altitude, Mister Raymond.”
Rush grinned good-naturedly. This mission had given him a new lease on life and he was loving it.
“It’s like being born all over again.”
The Doctor’s rather stern face cracked the faintest hint of a smile. “Let’s pray that not become necessary.”
Rush’s enthusiasm hit a wet blanket. “You’re expecting the worst, aren’t you?”
The Doctor’s smile vanished, and he turned to look Rush fully in the eyes. The smaller man almost flinched at the look he was given. “Expect the best, but prepare for the worst. That is my policy. And I think advice you would be well to take.”
“Then you really believe that the earth is hollow?”
“What I believe is irrelevant. What is relevant is that the source of the Great Quake has been traced to the interior of our planet. That it fits no known scientific evidence of such activity, and that even our deepest sound equipment can’t penetrate the area. So yes, I do believe we are going to find something. Whether it is terrestrial, and manageable, or…”
Rush felt a sudden pulse of fear. “Extra-terrestrial?”
The Doctor said no more. He just walked away.
Rush felt his heart pounding louder and louder until a gentle hand touched him on his shoulder patch. “I heard that bit of erudition.”
Rush turned to look at Everett, who looked uncomfortable in his Special Forces uniform, which was heavily over laden by a thick Special Forces jacket. His British accent was a touch slurred.
"Something to ease the cold?" Rush asked.
"I gargle after meals." Everett said, the hint of a smile on his lips.
"They tell me you used to teach Climatology?"
Everett shrugged. "Lots of us did lots of things before the Big Quake."
Rush nodded, the faintest of memories wanting to reach up and snatch him down into its darkness. He frowned.
"Yeah. Suppose you're right."
He watched Everett following the Doctor's steps as he moved between the supplies and the tents.
"Your kind of guy?"
“Something about that man intrigues me.” Rush said. “I can’t explain what or why?”
Everett snickered. “I’ve always been attracted to snakes and other poisonous creatures. Perhaps you are too.”
Without another word Everett picked his way through piles of stacked crates that were being organized to General Miles Davis, who was intently focused on the words of a Tibetan man, with snaggled teeth, standing before him. He stopped beside Miles and waited.
“You’re sure of the location?” Miles asked the Tibetan man. 
He shook his head vehemently, and in broken English 
replied. “Sure. Sure. Good choice. Choice good. Follow no problem.”
Miles looked across at Everett. “You trust him?”
Everett looked at the Tibetan man. There was something furtive about him. He wouldn’t look him in the eyes. But Everett had bigger trees to chop than the life of a simple guide.
He took out a portable GPS locator. “Long as I have this.”
The Guide looked at the locator and frowned. He was definitely not familiar with such devices. “Machine. Machine not know. Not everything.”
Everett shrugged his shoulders. “Your call, General.”
Miles took a deep breath, and then took the Guide aside. “We’re counting on you. Can we count on you?”
“Course. Course. Good man. Guide good. Straight. True.” The Guide answered with a crooked smile.
Miles nodded to a Special Forces man to his right, and he picked up a backpack and rummaged in it. He pulled out a stack of Chinese money and tossed it. The Guide took it and greedily began counting the money. Finished, he looked up at Miles. “Half?”
“When we return. You’ll get the other half, plus a bonus if there’s no mishaps.”
The Guide caught the hint of a threat in Miles’ voice and nodded. “Sure. Good. Good. Take now?”
Miles took a whistle dangling from his neck and blew on it. Everyone around snapped to attention. “Move out!”
Everett caught Rush watching and held a thumb up. Rush returned it, then turned to Chandra who was dressed in a baggy Special Forces outfit, along with Sati, who wore a simpler outfit of jeans and sweater with a thick jacket overlaying the sweater. 
"How you and your sister doing?"
Chandra shrugged. "Well enough. And you?"
Rush shrugged too. "It looks like we all got lassoed into something bigger than ourselves."
Sati spoke up. "Nothing is bigger than God."
Rush laughed.
Sati laughed too. She liked Rush. He was a likable man, if a bit morose at times. She found his sense of humor catching. She liked Americans. Even if some of them were a bit overzealous and arrogant.
Chandra, almost as if he read her mind, turned to look at her. "You feel something?"
"And you do not?"
Rush eyed them both intently before he spoke. "What?"
"Nothing." Chandra and Sati said at the same time.
Rush broke into laughter and they joined him.
Chandra started to help his sister up onto a large yak next to her, but Rush beat him to the punch and almost threw her on.
Sati grinned at him. "You are stronger than you seem."
"Keep telling yourself that." Rush answered with a wink.
Chandra gave her a blanket to put around her shoulders, and then he began guiding it after the Special Forces Unit as it tramped noisily to the side of the Monastery.
It didn't seem like a military unit at that moment, but Rush knew it was exactly that. He had seen some of the weaponry they were packing. Enough to bring down a dinosaur.
And when he got that thought Chandra and Sati both looked back at him and smiled, then looked forward again.
"Oh Crap!" Rush said.
At that same moment their guide made a beeline, furtive as it was, towards the back of the caravan only to find Rush and Everett waiting there, hands on their side arms. 
Rush and Everett stepped up on either side of him, blocking his movement so that he had to turn around and face the same way as the caravan. “So.” Rush said with a smile. “How far to the cave?”
The Guide looked at the two taller men and saw they were onto him. He took a swallow, and then said. “Far not.”
Rush and Everett dropped behind the Guide, who hurried to the front of the column.
“Looks like our Yoda has a bit of yellow in him.” Everett said.
“And green from what I can see. Don't trust him any further that I can throw him.”
"Too late." Rush blurted out humorously.
Everett looked at Rush. “Generally, cowards fear a 
number of things, but usually the first thing is their own self. There is something he personally fears. Something he’s not telling us.”
“So you don’t trust him?” Rush asked.
“Hey!” Everett showed his GPS locator. “Backup. And...”
He patted the semi-automatic pistol holstered on his right hip.
Rush grinned.
July 4, 2015 Tibet Plateau 7PM
Cliff path
The Guide halted before a path that wound up the cliff blocking their way. He slowly raised his right hand and forefinger to point upwards.
Rush and the others standing behind him were quiet. They'd been quiet for some time now to save their breath. They were so high that they all had to take squirts of oxygen from porta tubes sewn into their special force jackets.
Rush kicked at the dirty snow at his feet, his breath was a thick fog pouring from his mouth as he strove to catch his breath. The training he and the others had gone through was supposed to harden him, but breathing low oxygen had no training grounds, but the real thing.
He looked over at Everett, whose eyes were taking in the climb to the designated spot the Guide had indicated. He double checked it with his GPS, and then nodded to Miles.
Miles breathed a sigh of relief, and then turned to his men.
“Okay. We sleep here for the night.”
Everyone broke up to pitch their tents. The quiet of the trek was broken finally by the sounds of exhausted civilians and soldiers making camp. Their cook, a silly guy about five feet tall and skinny as a willow tree, dropped to the ground and began heaping stones in a large circle, then nodded to some of the Tibetans who were handling their Yaks and luggage.
Several of them came running and began dumping dried lumps into the pit he was building.
Everett came over to Rush. "Yak dung."
"Oh great. I feel like crap and now I'll get to smell like it too." Rush sighed.
Everett smiled. "Wait till you eat his dumplings. They'll kill you."
"Really?" Rush asked in surprise. "I thought he was a bad cook?"
Everett grinned. "Like I said, 'They'll kill you.'"
Rush shook his head. The Brit sure knew how to pull his leg, but how good was he in a tangle. He didn't want to find out that his aim was as bad as his jokes.
Rush fell to pitching his own tent. He pulled the nozzle on a small cylinder and it began unrolling and blowing up until it formed a small cocoon with a zippered opening.
Everett did the same.
"Looks like we're privileged." Everett noted.
Rush looked over at the rest of the camp.
The sound of small hand pumps inflating air tents began, and one by one a field of tents sprung up near the path. Miles went to the back where Chandra and Sati were settling down on some thick blankets with cushions.
Rush shivered. "Bet you we'll all be freezing before this night is over."
As if to accent that possibility as fierce breeze began to pick up and tear at the campsite, causing the Cook's just lit fire to blaze higher for a moment, sending a whiff of Yak dung their way.
Everett made a face. "I think I'm skipping dinner tonight. I need to lose some weight anyway."
Rush didn't believe a word of it. He finished tying down his tent, then looked over as Miles stretching as he walked, stopped beside Chandra and Sati, who were spreading a blanket on the snow covered ground and nothing more.
“You kids okay? Won't you be cold without a tent?”
Chandra ignored the question. He looked up at Miles. “This isn’t about saving the world to you, is it?”
Miles looked as if he might answer, then shrugged and headed back to the front, where he began posting sentries.
Chandra looked over at Sati. “It’s not too late to go back. We have friends waiting there for us.”
Sati shook her head. “They need our help.”
“I can guide them.” Chandra began.
“Yes.” She agreed. “But you can’t protect them.” She replied mysteriously.
Russ caught the conversation as he was passing to speak to Miles, and stopped for a moment. He looked at the kids and they both looked up with a mysterious smile on their faces.
Miles went into the communications tent and zipped it closed behind him.
Russ went back to his tent and unzipped it. He crawled inside so that only his head stuck out. Everett did the same thing.
They grabbed blow up pillows and inflated them, then tucked them under their heads and looked up at the stars as they lay there. Both men felt their stomachs growl as the scent of food began to curl towards them from the Cook's fire.
"Smells good to me." Russ said.
Everett grinned over. "Always does before you die."
He pulled a pound sized Hershey bar from his backpack and began opening it up.
“Where’d you get that?” Russ asked.
“Our guide.” Everett answered. He finished unwrapping it, broke it in half and gave the one piece to Russ.
“I’m amazed these things are still around. I thought Hershey’s factories were flattened and his family inheritance wiped out.”
“They were.” Mumbled Everett between bites of his bar. “But it seems our Guide has a huge stash laid away.”
“Why?”
Everett shook his head. “You won’t believe what he told me.”
“Probably not. But go ahead anyway.”
“The Dalai Lama has a sweet tooth.”
Russ broke into a deep chested laugh that broke the silence of the camp. Some of the Special Forces looked over, curious about what was going on.
Hinkles, a tiny man, an expert in the martial arts, made a wrinkled smile and held a thumb up. “Hootch?”
Russ shook his head. “Hershey Bar.” He answered, holding up what was left.
Hinkles jumped up. “I’ll trade you a diamond for it.”
Russ sat up. “What!”
Hinkles came over and held out a rough diamond. “Course it needs a bit of work and polish.”
Russ shook his head and laughed. “A man of many talents and humor.”
Hinkles sat down between Russ and Everett. “Do you really think there’s an entrance to the interior of the earth on this mountain?”
Everett snorted, and then broke the Hershey Bar into three pieces. He tossed one to Russ, who caught it, then dropped one in Hinkle's lap. 
The Aussie almost looked like a bug-eyed monster the way he drooled over the sweet candy. Hinkles, a midsized man with tossed brown hair and warm brown eyes, turned the bar over in his palm as if he were holding the world's finest gold instead of old candy. “I haven’t had one of these for almost…four years.”
“Sort of like being celibate.” Russ joked.
Hinkles gave him a straight face. “What’s a celibate?”
They all broke into laughter.
Hinkles ate at his bar a bit at a time, rolling his eyes with bliss at the taste. “Do you?”
“What?” Russ asked.
“Believe?”
Everett and Russ exchanged looks, and then scooted their tents so they were a bit closer to Hinkles, blocking off the breeze that kept growing stronger.
Hinkles appreciated it. He lay down between them. “If Miles finds out we’ve been talking, he’ll skin us alive.”
Hinkles finished his Hershey Bar. “We’re chocolate brothers now. No secrets. No lies. And no snitches.”
Russ grinned. “Yes.”
Hinkles almost coughed up what he had just eaten. Everett pounded his back, until he got back to normal again. Hinkles gave Russ and Everett a grin. “You two are such kidders.”
Everett sighed. “I wish we were.”
Hinkles’ eyes widened. “Damn!”
“That remains to be seen.” Russ answered. “Look, Hinkles, you do martial arts, so you know it has a lot of mythology behind it. Right?”
“Sure. But mythology and reality?”
Everett picked up the conversation. “Are sometimes 
closer to each other than one thinks.”
“So you two think we’re going to find an entrance to the Interior of the Earth?”
   “Or die trying?” Russ said sincerely.
Hinkles’ lost his grin. “Damn! You guys scare me!”
“We scare us.” Everett said seriously.
Miles came over. “Discussing any Hollow Earth theories?”
Russ and Everett exchanged sheepish grins. “Who us?” Russ asked.
Miles smiled. “It’s all right, guys. Remember, we’re all on the same team. Any chocolate left?”
All three of the men gave Miles a look of surprise. He laughed and then tapped his patch. “A receiver is built into the patches. So anyone lost can be located or heard if necessary.”
As he walked off, he winked at them. “Don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone.”
The three men all broke into laughter.
July 4, 2015 Tibet Plateau 5AM
Cliff path
Miles watches as his Special Forces begin the ascent, led by the Guide, who looks even more nervous today than he did the day before. Nervous and something else.
Rush and Everett step up to him. “When’s the Chief arriving?”
   Miles glances at his wristwatch. “Right about…”
The sound of a high-pitched engine grows and then becomes deafening as the President’s Helicopter rises into view, then several very tall, tough looking Secret Service Men drop to the ground as it hovers and catch a rope ladder as it swings down from the side.
A moment later the President works his way down the ladder, which wants to swing wildly from the backwash of the chopper blades, and then he leaps the rest of the way, landing lightly on his feet.
"Damn! He's good!" Russ admits in an admiring tone.
Everett nods. "Special Forces himself. Served in Afghanistan and Iran."
The helicopter door slides open, and four Secret Service Men in Special Forces garb drop out, followed by Aaron Smart.
“Who’s the old guy with him?” Russ asks.
Miles glances at him. “Don’t ever say that in front of him if you want to keep your teeth in the right place.”
Rush paled for a moment, and then took a deep breath. “That bad, huh?”
“No. That angry.”
The President marches quickly to them. Miles salutes, and then introduces him to the others. The President eyes them a moment, then nods his head. He motions to Aaron, who steps up and nods his head. “General, you know Aaron, gentlemen, this is Aaron Smart, he’s going to be taking care of the geological portion of our assignment.”
“Ours, Sir?” Rush asked, perplexed.
The President suddenly looks older and grimmer. “I think I owe it to our people to find out who’s behind the recent Quake, don’t you? And what kind of leader would ask his good men to face death without him leading them?”
“Death, sir?” Everett asks. “I’m a little confused here. I thought this was an exploratory mission…” Then he freezes as he sees several Techs in Special Forces helping to unload a suspiciously bomb shaped device from the chopper overhead and lay it on a wooden platform they can carry. They busy themselves latching it down.
Everett pales, as does Russ who also sees it. Aaron notes their expressions. “Don’t worry, guys, I’ll make sure it goes off where we can be safe from the blast.”
Miles eyes Aaron a bit uncertainly. “Is there such a place?”
The President motions to his Techs and they heft it with a kind of metal net and begin following the path upwards. “I’d suggest you all make good with your Maker.” Without another word he headed up that path, followed by his Special Forces Secret Service Force.
Everett turns to Miles. “You didn’t tell us we were going to find that subterranean city and blow it to hell and back!”
Miles shrugged. “Would it have really made a difference? Unless I’m reading the two of you wrong, you both want to see the world healed and if that’s what it takes, then…”
Miles shrugged again and then headed up the path. “Coming gentlemen.” He threw over his shoulder.
"Oh Crap, we are so screwed!" Russ says to Everett as they turn to follow Miles up the path. "So very, very screwed!"

Coming Soon: Volume Two of the Journey to the Center of the Earth.
The world is in an early stage of recovery from a Great Quake that destroyed over twenty percent of the populated planet. What is suspected to be a substance called Black Matter, which unlike Dark Matter, does not fill the void, but instead is a condensation of it, which went mixed with White Matter causes immense zones of utter destruction.
A group of intrepid scientists and soldiers enter a secret tunnel believed to connect the outer earth to an inner earth where a land of people exists on a continent called Agharta, whose central city is the legendary Shamballa.
They soon will realize that to find the entrance is not the same as being allowed to enter. Will the Special Earth Forces be able to survive the tests they will have to face before they can come to the truth of what really happened? And will they be able to accept the truth once they do find out?
Volume Two will unfold secrets of the universe, but bring up mysteries that have confounded our civilization for lifetimes as our brave team seeks the civilization that just might have launched an attack on outer earth. 
Further Works by John Pirillo
Novels (Young Adult)
Perihelion (All episodes of this Serial Novel)
Escape to Adventure, The Dreamers Awaken
Escape to Adventure, The Island of the God
Escape to Adventure, Gods of Air, Gods of Earth
Escape to Adventure Combo
War of the Worlds, The Forever Friends
War of the Worlds, The Nest
War of the Worlds, Earth, God of Destruction
War of the Worlds Combo
Serial Novels (Young Adult)
The Baker Street Adventures
A Strange Thing on a Strange Day
Hyde
The Land Beyond the Beyond
A Matter of Grave Perception
The Jungle Lord
The Power of One, the Power of Nine
"The Death of Conan," A Baker Street Snippet One
Cartoon
Episode One: Shades of Gray, the Portal is Opening
Episode Two: Ahoy Matey, Fire in the Hole
Episode Three: The Princess of the World
Episode Four: For Whom the Bell Tolls
Episode Five: Hell's Kitchen, the Love Triangle
To Hell and Back
Episode One: The Demon Lord
Episode Two: Death Comes in Seven Flavors
Perihelion
Episode One: The Convolution
Episode Two: The Plummet of Death
Episode Three: A World Gone Mad
Episode Four: Revenge of the Interlopers
Episode Five: Death in the Trees
Episode Six: On the Edge of the Abyss
Lord When's Time Folds
Lord When's First Adventure, The Lost Child
Lord When's Second Adventure, Friendship
Time Swirl, A Binky Adventure
Journey into the Unknown
The Moon Princess, A Clifford Snow Adventure
Samuel Light, Spiritual Detective
The Shasta Capers, "Dead Men Don't Talk. They Die again."
Children's Serial Novels
Mister Wiggleberry and the Wishing Tower
Episode One, A Fine Adventure
Episode Two, The Snack Before The Adventure
The Adventures of the Wally Wally Maru
A Christmas Vacation
Children's Picture Books
The Adventures of Mister Po and Elfmush
The Starry, Starry Skies
Acknowledgements
I'd like to thank all the wonderful people in my life who have made this journey an adventure and an exploration of the heart, mind, soul and body.
To all those who aspire to greatness I say keep on trucking, the road is a long one at times, but like the little train that thought it could, we all can with patience.
To all the great writers upon whose wonderful words, fantasies and characters I ride.
To Bernice and Allan without whom my world might be a different one today. And to my dearest daughter, Faith, whose own journey has been quite extraordinary. And to my dearest friend, Shirley, who I have practiced many a skill with, but never found her lacking.
To the planet without which I would have no home, and to all those brave enough and wise enough to want to preserve it for future generations.
To all my friends who have already crossed into the Light.
To all the new friends I hope to make before my adventure on Earth ends and I began my new one in the Light.
Author
John Pirillo is a prolific writer born in the coal country of Pennsylvania to a coal miner, a baker and later on engineer in the aerospace industry.
John learned to use his imagination early on in his childhood when he discovered an oil well in the back runoff of his uncle's gutter. Undeterred by the kindly corrections of his father and uncle, he went on to become a confirmed adventurer, exploring the backwoods where evil fishies, froggies and butterflies dwelled, as well as beneath creaky old train track bridges.
He and his brother discovered many kinds of exotic creatures in their often-times daily excursions, which had their parents known of, they would have immediately called for help. For themselves because they would have had heart attacks!
They discovered pop-bottles, craw-fish, tadpoles, bullfrogs, daddy long legs, scorpions (sometimes the hard way), black widows, strange cats and dogs (some wagging tails and some not), as well as stars that mysteriously danced around in the skies.
John spent his teen years high up in the mountains of Placerville dreaming about flying to the stars, being able to leap tall buildings in a single bound, joining up with G.I.JOE Joe and later on when he went to college, becoming Puck in a Shakespeare play, which didn't happen, but the poison of acting was in his system and couldn't be denied.
Despite his rascally adventures, John actually managed to survive the hippy days intact (but quite a bit wiser), sit at the foot of the Maharishi, explore the Himalayas, visit the Ganges, the Eiffel Tower, Hong Kong and all kinds of exotic places, which left indelible marks on his consciousness.
So much so that he decided, after becoming unemployed for being honest when selling cars, that he would become an animator like the late Walt Disney and make his own cartoons for children to explore and enjoy. Animation was always his first love and remains one of his greatest passions, especially for children.
A fast fan of the old movie serials and popcorn movies, John strives to incorporate the best of the old and new in his stories, trying to reach the impossible dream and make the perfect story, while at the same time having a grand old time figuring out ways to tell the same things differently, and different things simply.
For more about me, free stories, colorful illustrations, and other cool stuff go to ImagineNation, Golden Realm Children's Stories, or Golden Realm Stories. 
