GLOBELAND


Copyright 2014 Carter Kane
Published by Carter Kane at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



2: BATTLE OF DRIFTWOOD


Past

The last of the children of Fairen ran into the light. Elverdor the White turned and knelt in front of two young elves, ‘Right! That just leaves us and these two terrors’, he said smiling. Elnora reached up and stroked his golden beard, ‘Dada I not a terror! But not sure bout Eldor’
Eldor pushed his future bride over on the stone floor of the cavern, ‘Hey! You a terror too! Tell her mamma!’
Smiling with heart shattering beauty, Queen Elzora said sweetly, ‘Ye both hath thy moments. Now take aunt Elgora’s hand and walk into the light…’
‘My lady it begins! They’re coming!’ groaned Master Elgor.
‘Alright calm thy self brother’, then turning to Elverdor whispered, ‘He is right though’.

Elzora nodded at the petit and pretty blond Elgora. She nodded back. She knelt between the two children, placed a dainty hand on each of their shoulders, ‘Fear not little ones I will keep thee safe’. A dull red tear shaped stone hanging from a whitgold chain around her neck suddenly flared to life spilling red light outwards to surround her self and the children.
At the moment she ‘pushed’ Elgora mindspoke, ‘destroy him and the stone, Elverdor, one can not exist without the other’ air rushed in to fill the empty space left when the ball of redfire shot into a vast sphere of whitefire.
The whitefire swallowed them up just in time. Elverdor, Elzora and Elgor all turned and looked up the caverns passage which wound like a serpent up to the mountain top entrance. It was what came flowing like a black tidal wave which drew gasps from each of them. It was a sight which froze their terrified hearts.
The black wave of flesh and steel tumbled down the winding tunnel, it rumbled with mixed sounds of clashing metal and what the frightened trio assumed was a screeching battle cry in some sort of barbaric tongue only the black imps understood.

Above it all as if he was surfing on this rolling wave of gnashing and slashing teeth and claws floated the Dark Lord himself, his Darkstaff of blacksteel held aloft, the bluefire mind stone blazing like a bright blue moon…
… Elverdor held out a hand, his left too Elgor and his right too Elzora, ‘Brother…sister, tis time to end this vile creature and free his legions of minions from his evil grasp....’, and to himself thought, forgive me, we can not leave it here the humans deserve their chance…’
…as one, the Covenant of Three…’pushed!’…

…lord Elverdor stirred from his nightmarish memory…from a great distance away came the steady rap rapping. Did he hear someone? A female perhaps, shouting his name? Nay! Not his name, she was shouting, ‘grandfather!’…

…upon seeing his enemies the Dark Lord unleashed his mighty power in the form of blue fire balls which he hurled at the trio from his staff of power…
…Elzora dodged one by spinning out of the way; it shot past her striking the sphere of whitfire and burst apart on impact. Elgor moved next just in time avoiding a second bluefire ball, diving into the air then flying out in a wide arch towards the Dark One from the right while Elzora spun like a mini cyclone in a wide arch coming at him from the left. Elverdor likewise dodged a third fire ball by leaping up and somersaulting through the air to come to a stop floating in front of the black robed and hooded Demon Lord.

Elverdor ‘pushed’ a shield around the four sorcerers. The demon kind leapt up clawing and gnashing razor sharp teeth, discharges of whitefire repealed the dark ones struggling to reach the radiance of their master’s Darklight. They had no choice and backed off looking up with desperation at their master howling in helpless rage.
The light lord mindspoke, ‘he is weak! Too much of his power is being used to keep them under control…now is the time to strike…’
This was their only chance to end the Dark lord’s reign of tyranny and make their escape…they took the Dark Lord completely by surprise when the attack came he did not know Elverdor had three mindstones and his brother and sister had two each …Elgor and Elzora lashed out first using their powers to momentarily blind their adversary and distract him enough for Elverdor to strike the fatal blow. Holding his staff in both hands at shoulder height he thrust the glowing yellowwhitegold tip into what looked like an empty hood but there was something in there. He felt slight resistance; as if he was pushing the blazing tip into a pit of tar. Out of the darkness within the hood came an ear numbing roar which silenced the writhing dark masses of flesh beneath their hovering feet.
Elverdor felt rather than saw the mutated demon hordes retreating. He felt a cold updraft as the retreating minions exposed a widening circle of cold black rock beneath them. As he pushed his staff in deeper the roar descended into one long echoing screech which seemed to unnerve his army even more, as the Dark Lord’s grip on them slackened in his writhing panic to break free from Elgor and Elzora’s tightening grip the creatures began to lose their nerve and turned to flee.
Elgor’s mindvoice pleaded to him, ‘Hurry my Lord! If all these many millions return to what is left of the world the few human’s untouched by their lord’s call will be slaughtered…’
…Elverdor focused, his brow furrowing deeply, making him look like an old elf…his co-assassins were shocked by the ferociousness of his ‘gathering’…Elgor focused his own will to ‘push’, ‘amplify’ whilst Elzora prepared to ‘push’ them into the safety of the Sphere…
…Elverdor unleashed the full force of his power and ‘pushed’…’disintegrate!’…
..The explosion left the trio deaf for days afterwards and if all three had not closed their eyes they would have been blind for longer if not forever…

1

The silver wolf was long gone, ‘Come back sister!’ her mind called, ‘Ye do not understand!’ The ghost sighed; maybe it had to be this way. Once she realizes her mistake she will come home.
Her grey gaseous form turned and looked down at the dead boy. She gasped, even though she had been waiting for it to happen, when the boy’s eyes snapped open. He opened his mouth and exhaled the rancid air that had been his last lung full of air.
‘What happened…?’ he whispered, ‘oh! That’s right I remember now. I died…’
‘Eldraken…?’ whispered the ghost.
The boy looked up, ‘Aye…it’s me…’
‘Good! Do you remember what happened after ye died?’
Eldraken stared unblinking around the dark cavern. He slowly rose to his feet on shaking legs staring at the black staff too his right.
‘Eldraken…?’ she said again only louder this time.
Without turning he said, ‘I was floating in darkness, it was scary at first but after awhile of floating; my mind free, It felt so…so peaceful…then the blue star pulled me towards it and…’
‘…and…?’
‘…I woke up here!’ it was then the full force of his situation hit him, ‘…oh my! I’m the undead…Yuk! That’s disgusting...yet strangely nice. I feel nothing! Which is weird I thought the undead woke up hungry for flesh’
‘That’s zombies my dear. This was necessary. There are creatures bonded to the Darklight for all time. Some crave flesh but the more dangerous ones crave the life within thy veins’ 
‘Blood…!’ groaned, Eldraken.
‘Aye dear’ confirmed Elgora.
‘Yuk!’ he said again only louder this time.
‘Ye are safe now…’
Eldraken turned, the ghost sounded as if she was moving away into the distance. What he saw made it clear what was happening. The ghost of Elgora was breaking apart, her gaseous form melting into thin tentacles of vapor which flowed around and through him.
‘Mother please stay with me…’ he whimpered softly.
‘My time hath come but we will meet again…soon…behold!’ she said, her fading voice echoing into the distance. He turned and followed the trail of her vapor. 
‘Oh I see…’ chuckled Eldraken as the last threads of grey vapor flowed into the small black stone held between three thin claws at the top the Darkstaff.
The stone flickered momentarily with blue light which then faded plunging Eldraken back into darkness.
He reached out and touched the small smooth stone. Then he pulled his fingers away. It felt as if he had plunged the tips of his fingers into ice cold water which was strange because he had no sense of feeling. He smiled when he understood what he had to do…
…’ Oh I see them now mother…’ The black stone flared for a fraction of a second. To Eldraken’s muddled mind that single flare lasted an eternity. He stepped forward reached out with his left hand and gripped the staff beneath another lost stone. He was surprised when he closed his left fist on the staff. It was not made of black wood. It was made of the same blacksteel as his little creations. 

2

Elverdor sat bolt up right feeling the sand of his secret cellar library beneath him, how strange he thought this has not happened since the before times. First it was a vision of the future, now this time a vision of the past. Whatever would be next? Then he remembered what triggered the memory dream. I remember now he thought…Eldread…
…knocking at his tower door yanked him away from his thoughts. He stumbled to his feet and using his staff to steady himself he climbed the worn steps leading up into the tower. The knocking at the arched oak door grew more frantic. The hole in the floor had closed neatly back together by the time he got to the door. 
Princess Elvora almost knocked him over as she barged in clutching her stomach, ‘Grandfather I need help, the baby is terribly afraid…’ Elvora stumbled, about to full to the floor. Elverdor snapped his fingers, a high backed chair slide across the entrance hall and caught Elvora as she fell.
‘What is wrong, child?’ he asked a deep frown of concern creasing his parchment yellow skin. He knelt on both knees in front of Elvora, she was so pale and sweat glistened on her forehead.
‘How long has this been going on?’ he said gently, brushing her sweat streaked fair hair out of her bloodshot green eyes.
‘Something’s wrong with the baby, such terrible dreams we share. It started a week or so ago, but has been getting worse just these past hours whilst I sat waiting for thee to answer the door. No matter how hard I knocked there was no answer and Elderan was too far away to hear me…’ she blurted, then burst into tears.
‘Alright dear, ye may feel a bit of nausea whilst I scan the child’ he said reassuringly. He placed his gnarled hands gently on her stomach and reached out with his mind as delicately as possible…
…his mind slipped into the darkness of the unborn child’s mind. To his astonishment the fetus not only felt his presence but knew who he was, but this was impossible. Straight away he felt joy, the child welcoming his company. Slowly he sent waves of reassurance as he touched the child’s fledging mind…
…darkness greeted him, cold and black as ink. The weight of it around his mind was overwhelming as if the dark itself was sentient and objected to his presence. He could feel it trying to push his mind out of the child’s. Not wanting to hurt the baby he slowly withdrew and was glad to be free of that tar thick night.
Once again he enveloped the child in his mind’s loving and soothing embrace. He was shocked when a tiny voice whispered using mindspeech, ‘it’s coming! The beast is coming…’
‘Sshhh! Sleep now little one. Ye are safe now I will protect thee…’ when he felt the child relax, he withdrew unable to release her from the invading darkness.
When he looked up at Elvora’s terrified gaze she gasped as tears trickled from her grandfather’s eyes, ‘Ye lords! What is it?’
Elverdor swallowed the huge dry lump in his throat, blinking away the tears he said in a cracked voice, ‘Thy daughter is fine for now and is at peace’, he held up his hand, ‘Ask no more at this time I need to consult the other Elder’s’.
The ancient sorcerer rose grimacing to his feet. He gripped his staff and reached out with his mindvoice, ‘Abandon whatever ye two are doing and get to mine tower at once…we have a problem…’

…The silver wolf stopped suddenly in the thickening snow. She was only a day from Devilsark Forest and had planned to rest under the cover of the giant silver oaks before resuming her journey. Once she received Elverdor’s urgent and firm command, she decided to continue at once. So she headed south instead deciding to avoid the forest all together and head straight for the Black Lands and head up to the Plain of Towers keeping the forest and Black Lake too her left and Venesh River too her right. She had no idea that her husband’s call had saved her from running into a trap…

…the Shadow Lord screamed in fury as his carefully laid plan fell apart. He would have to settle for the less desirable plan instead; the twins would not be happy, but at least they would be able to feed…

…Elvek and Elgor stood side by side as they watched Elvek’s men saddle their unicorns for the journey back to Tree City through the grim smeared window of the tavern. Captain Elvek broke the silence, ‘Will ye speak of this Eldread? I know it’s not a name Eldraken just made up. He used it for a reason and I want to know what that is’
‘As to the first name ye mentioned I would be grateful if ye would not keep saying it! Legend says to think his name is to draw his attention to thee. To speak his name is to invoke him before thee. Thy soul and all ye love will perish with thee’ 
Elvek slowly turned to regard his friend and dare he think it, mentor. He made to speak but Elgor continued eager for this conversation to be at an end, ‘…If ye must know more of he whom invoked that cursed name ye will find thy answers upon the floating tavern of Diamond Lake’, out of his sleeve he produced a thin scroll tied in a black ribbon. Ride to Trade Town a diamond shipment comes in once a day. Give the captain this it will guarantee thee safe passage’.
Elvek reached out with a gauntleted right hand. He blinked for a second seeing double. The inside of his skull tingled momentarily. When his vision cleared he noticed Elgor’s face was paler than usual and the old sorcerer’s eyes had glazed over with a thin white sheen.
Elgor let go of the scroll, he swayed then got a grip on his limbs, ‘Forgive me my boy. My Master hath summoned me to his tower I must depart without delay’
Elvek followed the sorcerer out of the tavern, never had he seen Elgor move so quickly. Something important was going on.  His cheerful second in command ran up to him blabbering about something. Elvek waved him off and hastened after Elgor. He doubled over and threw up his last meal over his boots as that horrid feeling of sorcery in use struck him. When he righted himself and looked up Elgor had transformed into his eagle form and taken to the sky.
The captain heard foot steps running up behind him, before he could be bombarded with questions he growled, ‘I hath a mission to attend to. Ye are in charge get home and report for duty. If they ask where I am tell them the truth. Ye don’t know’

3

The king and queen of the elves landed and transformed late in the night. King Eldor turned on his queen, ‘How long hath ye known about the lost stone and don’t for one second lie that ye did not know it was there?’
Queen Elnora stopped just out side the vast camp. While watching guards run towards them from the spaced bonfires which were the camps perimeter she said, ‘I was not completely sure until Eldraken reactivated it. I did however have my suspicions when Geldor and I heard a rumor that Thandora was tutored in our ways by an elf witch who gave her a powerful talisman upon her death bed and that was how she was reaching out to the dregs of the world’
‘So that’s where Elgora has been hiding all these centuries. Why did ye not tell me wife?’ grumbled Eldor under his breath, the guards now within ear shot.
‘Ye know now my love’ said Elnora sweetly.
Eldor gritted and ground his teeth, he turned to the guards when they both blurted at the same time ‘my lords tis a miracle the Zenesh hath frozen’ they said as one.
The King and queen looked at each other both skeptical but followed with haste. They knew the Zenesh only froze briefly at the height of winter yet the start of the whitening season was still a few months away. They stared open mouthed, along with thousands of elves in full battle amour standing along the bank, at the frozen river in the pale light of the full moon.

All hands were on deck as the Shadow Dancer tried desperately to reach the south side of the freezing Zenesh. The air crackled like a thunderous orchestra as the river around them was quickly freezing in all directions. The Shadow Dancer grounded in the shallows of the southern side of the river by the time the river was frozen solid.
The captain’s first mate sidled up beside him at the gunwale, ‘Cap’um a messenger hawk just flew in from Tree City’, he said in almost a whisper.
Elzik slide his spy glass into half its size and handed it to the first mate. Keeping his eyes on the shore and the forest less than a days walk to the south, he said, ‘Prepare to disembark. Ye and a skeleton crew will stay on board to wait out this demon freeze. As soon as I’ve sent out the hawks I’ll leave with the passengers and the rest of the crew’
‘Ye are not thinking of going in the devil woods are ye my captain?’ gasped the first mate.
‘Nay I know of the legends of the demon souls that dwell in that ancient woodland as well as any. Get going whilst I check my messages’.

4

It was as cold and dark as a tomb in the cavernous blacksteel chamber of Darkadia Castle. Two female figures dressed in hooded capes as black as night pear down into a waist high black steel Seer Font half full with glowing blue water in which they have just watched Elverdor’s memory dream of the end of days.
The smaller and thinner of the duo raises her head and sighs heavily. Before the inevitable stream of annoyingly stupid questions come flooding out of her mouth, the other female groans using mindspeech, the only form of communication used within the vast citadel of the Dark Lord, ‘What is it, Elsbetha?’
Elsbetha straightens, her brow furrowed deep in thought, ‘Um! Why not just destroy the Darkstaff all together? Why bring it into their sanctuary? And why bring the Darklings with them and our lands? It does not make sense to me…and! How did papa know…?’
Elzbeta groaned, ‘How many mores times have I got to go over this you moron...and don’t bloody answer…just pin back your ears and tune in what little bit of mush between them you call a brain and listen…’
‘Ok dear sister’, Elsbetha said in her sweetest voice and smile on her thin, pale and annoyingly sweet face.
Here goes nothing, thought Elzbeta and began to explain again for the millionth time, ‘He didn’t destroy it because he either couldn’t or wouldn’t. Remember no matter how far even Elverdor has his righteous thumb up his own arse the Call of the Darklight is irresistible to all. In the deepest darkest recesses of his mind the light lord still coverts it, but he stays away because he does not want to end up like his father.
‘Also it was better to bring it here because it drove humans insane if they got too close and as far as the old fart was concerned the old world  ‘is their time now’, whatever that means!. He saved the goblins, trolls and gnomes because they surrendered when things started to get a tij iffie and our dear father went bug shit crazy. 
‘Now sister mine, you answer why bring our lands here too’ concluded Elzbeta leaning back on her heals and folding her arms across her chest, ‘well…?’
Elsbetha pushed her hood away and scratched at her rat tailed greasy black hair deep in thought. Her slightly older twin stared across the font with her head cocked to one side and her right eye brow raised in anticipated failure.
‘Um!’ was the only sound of wisdom to come out of Elsbetha’s mind. A thin rat tail flopped down over her left eye; instead of brushing it aside she started making puffing noises in a futile attempt to blow it out of the way.
Just at the moment when Elzbeta was about to answer the question her self, Elsbetha blurted, ‘Coz there be dark minds lurking in the trees and humin beans are so feeble minded they are easy to possess’, Elsbetha squealed in triumph and jumped up and down on the spot applauding herself.
‘I’m not sure what the humming beans are but basically you got it on the nose…’ said a surprised Elzbeta with sincere admiration.
Then she lowered her head in defeat when her younger sister screeched, ‘I have! Where...?.’ and started slapping her own nose.
The twins jumped when a male and stern mindvoice came at them from the darkness, ‘Elzbeta stop teasing! And Elsbetha! There’s nothing on your nose sweet heart’
Elzbeta smirked into her thin pale hand and Elsbetha straightened and coughed, ‘I knew that’ then her face blossomed into a radiant smile as she ran forward to embrace the dark robed elf.
‘The prodigal Shadow Lord returns’, groaned Elzbeta, ‘I see the Silver Wolf didn’t ran into your carefully laid trap’.
The Shadow Lord groaned beneath his hood, ‘It was unfortunate the Light Lord summoned her when he did. However an alternative has presented itself thanks to Elzora’s sudden freeze’
‘Oh! No! We need the Silverfire I’m not putting my mind in someone else’s body just because you screwed things up’, barked Elzbeta.
‘Why don’t we drink the elf boy? He’s holding the staff which is enough to feed us and his mind’s rattling around here somewhere so he’ll feel nothing’, chimed in Elsbetha thinking it the greatest idea ever.
Elzbeta threw her arms up in exasperation, ‘You explain it to the dumb bitch for a change I’m going back to my crypt wake me up when you have sorted this mess out’.
Both watched Elzbeta storm off, ‘Well that was mean! I’m sure she didn’t mean it you are doing your best Elgard’.
The Shadow Lord looked at Elsbetha and placed a skeletal hand on her shoulder and gave it an affectionate squeeze, ‘I’m sure she didn’t’ but of course he knew better.
He moved closer to the font and waved his long fingered hand over the glowing water which shimmered and settled into a new image of Elzik leading his men and refugees across the frozen lower Zenesh. He then moved his hand across the water in a series of quick movements. Elsbetha looked down frowning unable to keep up with the variety of appearing and disappearing sights.
He nodded and mindspoke to one no in particular, ‘Good the trolls, goblins and gnomes are on the move as per my instructions’. Turning to Elsbetha he mindspoke, ‘Now my dear off to bed with you I need to converse with the prime minister’.
Elsbetha sidled up close beside him and whispered deviously, ‘How about we have a little bite before bedtime?’
The shadow lord pinched the dead skin between his eyes and whispered back, ‘He’s dead! We can’t drink dead blood it would be our undoing’
Elsbetha stepped back as if slapped and screamed with her mindvoice, ‘Stupid cow, Elgora! Why’d she do such a mean thing I haven’t had a drop of blood since those arse head fire balls shot us in this stupid place and left us without bodies’
‘He’s Elgora’s bloody son you imbecile! She had him assassinated so we can’t suck him dry,’ he shouted back losing his temper.
He instantly regretted his anger when her sweetly innocent face creased up and spots of blood tears appeared in the corner of her completely black eyes. He took her in his boney arms and held her close. When their eyes met he whispered, ‘Don’t cry we can not afford to shed a single drop. Hey! How about you stay up with me hmm? As long as you stay as silent as a tomb once I have updated the idiot elf I take you to meet our young guest, would you like that?’
Elsbetha nodded, ‘I get so bored in my crypt and Elzbeta won’t let me get in with her. I promise to stay quiet I would so much like to meet Eldraken. Maybe he won’t be so mean to me’
‘We don’t mean to be so cruel Elsbetha. The hunger makes us all a bit grumpy!’
Elsbetha smiled thinly. His heart, if he had one, would have broken to see her so drawn and thirsty. Then she frowned and said gently, ‘I don’t mean to be so thick but you are out there loads, why don’t you feed’
Despite the severity of the situation they had been left in for so many centuries, he smiled and lent forward and kissed her forehead, ‘Actually that’s a good question, Elsbetha. I can’t feed until my work as the Shadow Lord is done. To possess and feed would expose our presence to the Light Lord and his lackeys. Be grateful to Elgora she has saved us from premature exposure. Now to work and remember dear one, true Darkelves will walk the lands once more and this time, bleed it dry …’
 
5

At dawn, much to the annoyance of his queen, Eldor stepped onto the ice. He turned to Elnora smiling as tingles of energy ran up through the soles of his sandaled feet; sorcery created this sudden freeze. Knowing his army would be without transport, Elzora had decided to help him.
Elnora moved to the edge of the ice, but still remained on the pebbles. Leaning forward so only Eldor could hear she whispered, ‘what is it Eldor?’
Still smiling he held out his hand, ‘Come Dear heart, it’s safe. This is mother’s doing’
The moment she stepped on the ice the same tingling sensation shot up through the bottom of her feet, ‘Mother must have been mightily angry with them. What ever game she’s playing, Eldraken’s murder was not part of it’
‘Indeed’, said Eldor ‘Lets get as many across as we can before it starts to melt. It’s not warm but it’s certainly not cold enough for this. I’d say we have most of the day which should be enough if we come across in more than one thin column’
King Eldor went ashore and hastened up the pebbles to the command tent. An hour later he returned to find the queen had already set out across the ice taking cautious steps using her staff to test the ice ahead as she went. Eldor smiled and shock his head and set out after her with quick confident strides. His generals gave orders to their subordinates and the vast camp became a hive of activity.
The stretch they crossed was narrower than most of the Zenesh so once Elnora matched her husbands pace they had crossed the mile between shores in less than an half an hour. They stood side by side holding hands watching the three generals begin to lead the army across. One general led the unicorn riding cavalry, two thousand wore light silver amour these were the elite guard of Eldor Castle and led the city cavalry numbering three thousand, another led five thousand foot bowmen and the third led a ten wide column of another five thousand swordsmen and pike men all dressed in light brown leather body armor and helmets with leaf green cloaks.
As the morning moved, slowly it seemed, into late afternoon, with a large proportion of the army across, the King and Queen returned to the shore concerned the remainder would not make it across. In the distance to the west they could hear the sharp thunder of cracking ice.
Eldor turned to address the three generals standing at a respectable distance behind them, ‘Generals sound the charge lets get this done sooner rather than later’ he ordered then returned to Elnora’s side.
‘Will they all make it my husband?’
‘Aye there’s no time for them to turn back now, but just to make sure let’s bring some cloud cover just to make sure’ he said with a smile and a wink.
Both turned to the sun high above them. They raised their staffs of power the small tear shaped stones of gold and yellow flared with brilliant light, both focused and ‘pushed’. As the battles horn blew sounding the charge and the remaining army on the ice fanned out and charged. Those already across watched the Stone wielder’s thrust their staff’s into the sky. Some pointed in awe, many gasped in wonder some stepped back and a few even cowered when thunder drew all eyes skyward and thin white clouds suddenly flowed inwards from all directions then began to move in a clockwise direction, the clouds quickly forming one huge mass of thickening and darkening cloud which cast a vast shadow over the stretch of ice their army was now racing full speed across.
Using mindspeech Eldor reached out to his wife, ‘That should do it dear; we don’t want to bring rain down upon our heads’. As one they eased off with their power and lowered their staff’s. The Light from their Mindstones dwindled and winked out all together, ‘Nicely done’ sighed Elnora looking pale and need of rest. Eldor didn’t look much better himself.
Their entire force made it across safely and the first major cracks appeared that evening. After a restful night they rose early when shouts roused them. A vast dust cloud could be seen in the distance too the northwest. Using his farsight, Eldor informed Elnora, ‘It’s King Gelnor he’s got his entire chariot legions with him and they are moving fast, cutting straight across the sands from Giant City. If we get moving and match his pace with the cavalry we should arrive at Driftwood at the same time’
Queen Elnora nodded, ‘It would look better if ye ride up with the cavalry’
Before the king could answer, Elnora turned away and started walking west, ‘and where is thee going?’ Eldor called after her.
Even though she didn’t like telepathy, Elnora thought it best to use it now, ‘I’m going ahead. If ye intends to take the redfire as I’m sure thee is. It would be wise to know what we are up against. There’s no telling what if anything Thandora hath learnt from our baby sister’
Before he could object, Elnora transformed into the form of a dove and took to the air, Eldor mindspoke, ‘be careful my queen. I will not have thee come to harm…’ Rather than reply in her mindvoice Elnora flooded his heart with the full warmth of her love.

6

It was so unlike Elverdor to summon her with such urgency. Even at the rate she could run, it would still take her over a week if she kept on the move day and night. At dawn of the next day she decided to risk Translocation again. She knew once there at the tower she would be powerless for the rest of the day. The silver wolf shifted into her elven form, gathered in her will and ‘pushed’.
When Elzora arrived at Elverdor’s tower she hammered on the door in floods of tears. The moment he opened the door wide enough, his beloved collapsed in his arms, between sobs she howled, ‘…forgive me husband…I made a terrible…mistake!...I thought…I was helping her…but she used me to…to bring him…back!...and now…Eldraken is dead…and its all my fault…!’
Elverdor sat on the floor cradling and rocking his sobbing wife, ‘Thee is not at fault here. It is I my dearest one whom is to blame’
Elgor stood with his hands on his hips frowning deeply, ‘Would some one kindly explain to me what in laws name is going on…and why for fairy sake is Elvora showing all the signs of being in a coma?’
Elverdor glanced over his shoulder, ‘In answer to the second part of the question, Elvora is not in a coma she’s in a deep trance state of which I will explain in due course. As for the first part, I think my dear wife has a story of her own to tell before we venture into what I fear may be a far more delicate situation. Now brother mine, please for all our sakes help me get Elzora up and in doors’.
Once inside his tower, Elverdor knelt down at Elzora’s feet and handed her a small white porcelain cup of minted green tea; remembering it was her favorite beverage. The silver haired sorceress took it gratefully in her slim elegant hands, surprised he even remembered; she had been living in her wolf form for so many years she had forgotten how good the mixture of bitter tea leaves and sweet mint smelt. She closed her eyes and sighed when she sipped the hot liquid savoring its bitter sweet taste. She sighed with the simple pleasure of it, realizing how much she had missed it.
When she opened her silver eyes and met Elverdor’s white eyes she nearly burst into tears again. Being a wolf was so much easier she was not used to these intense elven feelings. Elzora knew what was coming next but waited for him to say it anyway, ‘I’ve left Elgor to watch over our granddaughter so we could speak in private. Do ye want to start from the beginning?’
Elzora turned to the little pine table on her right and placed her empty cup and saucer gently down. For the first time she realized they were in their little circle sitting room near the top of the tower. They had spent many an hour sitting opposite each other enjoying a good conversation or just sitting watching the flames in the little hearth sharing the silence just happy with each others company.
A solitary tear trickled down her right cheek while gazing into the flicking firelight as she remembered better days, the children loved to play in front of the fire. Elverdor now sitting in his chair opposite lent across and gently brushed away the tear. He didn’t move when Elzora stiffened, suddenly remembering their children, ‘Tis alright, Eldor worked it out they all made it across safely’ Elverdor said gently.
‘Have I sat here all day?’ suddenly realizing it was late evening.
Leaning back, Elverdor said, ‘Ye cried thyself to sleep so we carried thee up here. I thought ye would rather wake up here than in our bed chamber’
Elzora swallowed hard, ‘I was so angry at Elzik and Thandora for murdering Eldraken. I wanted to lash out at them both; through the haze of so much rage it was the only thing I could come up with’
The old sorcerer gave her hands a gentle squeeze, ‘Ye did the right thing. I dread to think what ye would have done if thee had been clear headed’
Elverdor lent back and rested his elbows on the pine arms of his chair and rested his white bearded chin on his interlaced fingers waiting for her to start. Elzora took a deep breath and began:
‘We started noticing Elgora was becoming distance nearly three centuries ago after Elgor, in his wisdom, felt it best to reveal our infidelity, not only to thee but our children also. As ye remember she took off after it happened again. I think I was the last person to speak with her. I tried to explain it was for the good of us all and told her we needed stone wielders for the future.
‘But she was having none of it, said, I’d betrayed thee and what if Eldor and Elnora decide to have more children and produced worthy wielders. No matter what I said it made no difference, she left saying she needed to be alone, do as ye will as ye always do regardless of whom gets hurt’.
Elzora looked up at Elverdor he was keeping his thoughts perfectly concealed as always, but she suspected he agreed with Elgora but she stood by their actions and added, ‘…and that’s the last time I saw her…’
‘Until ye found her where?’ asked Elverdor.
Returning her gaze to her knotted fingers in her lap Elzora answered, ‘I felt her ‘call’ eighty years ago. Everyone else had either given up looking or were drawn too Giant City and the so called, Witch Rebellion, that led to the public execution of two thousand  citizens, a good half of which had nothing to do with Thandora and her rebels but were political enemies of the King or women just using the public disturbances to give voice to the inequalities that exist in Giant society; did ye know women are still not allowed money of their own, they have to ask for it and prove they have a valid need! How backward is that? 
‘They work for it so it should be paid to them not their husbands or fathers or whatever male is oppressing them’, again Elzora glanced up, Elverdor still rested his chin on his inter locked fingers, seeing the abnormally bulging joints and gnarled bones in-between looking like bits of twisting twigs, made her stomach knot up, she imagined the pain he made himself endure was excruciating. Yet he showed not even a twitch to suggest he felt a thing. After her moment on a soup-box however she was certain a slight twitch of amusement threatened to reveal he was smiling on the inside.
The thought made her want to smile; instead she sighed and turned her eyes to the gently crackling fire and watched the dancing flames, then continued:
‘Anyway I followed the mind link she had opened even though it revealed nothing as to her exact location. It led me by the nose across the lower Zenesh. Driftwood as it is to day didn’t exist of course; it’s quite remarkable when ye think about what Thandora has actually achieved in less then a century. Anyway I digress yet again.
‘Elgora had been living beneath a piece of sail canvas propped up by driftwood for months, she was heavy with child. After making me swear never to tell, she gave birth to Eldraken two days later. It was a very bloody and painful birth…’ Elzora’s voice cracked then, this time she wiped her own tears away and pushed forwards, eager to get this over with, not just because of the painful memory which should have been a moment of joy for all the family, but also she knew she was near the end and the most painful revelation which she suspected Elverdor knew about or had come to suspect.
‘…Elgora was very weak when she insisted I leave her and take the baby to the south river clan based at Diamond Lake, but before I left she asked me if I was having bad dreams. She said she had been having them for years and it was her dreams that made her leave. She told me the dreams had led her to a vast cavern in the western mountains and that in this cave she found the staff of blacksteel covered in tiny symbols that her dreams told her were an ancient language older than time.
When she touched it she claimed her mind entered what she called, ‘The Darklight’ and ranted about walking the cold steel corridors of Darkadia Castle. Of course at the time I believed none of this and assumed it was all part of whatever madness had consumed her mind wandering alone in the desert. 
‘Just before I fled with the baby she said and I quote: ‘When the time is right for him to listen tell Elverdor, it’s his fault! He should have destroyed the Bluefire when he had the chance! When all the lights were in his grasp! He should have listened to his father! We are betrayed! Darkness will rise and fall no more…’
Now she saw Elverdor react, it happened as if he was moving under water, his movements were so slow his head rising, his fingers unlacing, back straightening, his watering eyes seemed to bulge out of his skull, tears flowed like rivulets down his wrinkled cheeks like tiny floods flowing down through ancient dusty mountain valleys. On shaking legs he raised himself to his sandaled feet, visibly shaking from head too toe. Elzora rose to her own feet and reached out to him wanting not only to steady him but comfort him also, certain his heart was breaking and fearing for a moment there that his mind was snapping like an old dried up twig.
He brushed her away and stumbled into the center of their windowless sitting room remembering his dream. She had said destroy both back then. But of course he hadn’t and like his father before him and all the generations before him right back to the beginning, he alone knew why it could not be done.
And as far as his father was concerned she couldn’t have been more wrong! He had been driven mad by his lust to possess the Darklight and had to be stopped just as Eldread had driven Elgora mad by planting a seed of doubt in her mind. Maybe that was the link he needed to keep a slim connection to the Darkstone so he could follow, but that meant Eldread had known all along what he had planned to do. Had the Dark Lord seen a benefit to himself by allowing them to leave the home world? Surely not! Elverdor froze then and frowned even deeper. 
He turned to Elzora and was about to ask her, who was the father and why send him south, when Elgor barged into the room, announcing in a blind panic that Elvora was waking up and seemed very distressed. 
As Master Elgor led them down to the spare bed chamber where Elvora lay, Elgor wondered if the conversation at some point drifted on to the delicate subject of himself and Elzora and if their indiscretions played any part in Elgora’s madness. No matter how hard he tried he could not bury the guilt, he would have to say something to clear the air between the three of them.
When he saw the state Elvora was in upon entering the bed chamber he finally found the strength to push his selfish needs aside, he hobbled and fell at Elvora’s bedside, ‘Oh sweet child, fear not we are with thee’
Elvora sat on the edge of the bed looking sweaty and pale clutching her stomach as if she was in extreme pain, ‘Ye understands not!’ she blurted, ‘It’s the dreams!’ Looking up at Elverdor through tear stained bloodshot green eyes she added, ‘He’s in the darkness! And he’s coming...’ then she broke down in tears.
Elzora brushed Elgor to one side, ‘Move!’ she barked and sat down next to her granddaughter and embraced her tightly.
Elgor rose on shaking legs and backed off saying, ‘What is she talking about?’
Elzora glared at Elverdor, ‘Ask him! As always I’m sure he knows more than he’s saying’
Elgor turned to his right looking quizzically at Elverdor, ‘Well big brother! What does she mean?’
Elverdor waved a dismissive hand, ‘Like ye don’t know! Ye have been having bad dreams too. We all have. As to when they started and the content of said dreams, I will keep my own counsel considering the situation’
Moving closer to the weeping Elvora, Elverdor, stroking his long dirty white beard said with as much delicacy as possible, ‘Now then my dear Elvora, I must ask of thee the nature of this child’s conception and with whom said act was performed?’
Both Elgor and Elzora turned enraged eye’s on Elverdor both saying, ‘Seriously?’
Elvora wiped the back of her hands across her eyes, ‘I think I know what grandfather is saying’ She seemed to have pulled herself together and pushed her brown strands of hair behind her pointed ears, ‘If ye want proof of our joining ye may view my memory of it if thee wishes grandfather’
Elzora made to protest by standing in front of Elverdor holding out her hand to stop him as he came forward excepting Elvora’s invitation. Elzora didn’t have time to even blink before she felt his ‘push’ and slid side ways across the rough wooden floor.
Elgor stepped forward then, ‘Now look here old boy! Joining is a deeply pr-…’ the rest of his words of protest were cut short by the withering glare from Elverdor, whom without looking placed his gnarled old hand gently on Elvora’s unkempt hair.
Elgor was right about one thing, Joining was a deeply private and intensely intimate experience. Those born of the Blue Vein did not consummate their marriage in the manner of mortals. The intimacy of Immortal’s came through the touching of minds; feelings were channeled through their Mindstones; the unified energies coalesced within the womb of the bride where their child would manifest.
Elverdor removed his hand and rubbed them together, everything seemed just as it should be, but that did not explain the strange vibrations emanating, not so much from the baby, but near it, ‘Brother, sister, join with me. I want to take a look in the in the womb itself’, he didn’t wait for a response and ignoring their dumbfounded expressions; he just grabbed a hand each and ‘pushed’…
…the trio of minds sensed the tiny child which seemed to be sleeping, but what was that in her tiny hands. The harder each of them tried to focus directly at it their minds seemed to slide off it. Whatever it was did not want to be observed and the more they tried to penetrate it both baby and mother seemed to grow distressed by their probing. As quickly as he dragged them in, Elverdor dragged them out so as not to upset Elvora and her baby.
Elverdor continued to look down at Elvora, ‘Well ye two, opinions?’
Elgor slowly backed off frowning; deeply distressed by the whole experience, ‘Yeah laws! What is it?’
Elzora whispered, ‘It’s like looking into the night and expecting something to be there but see nothing but darkness…I can’t explain it any other way’
‘I concur’, was all Elverdor could think of to say. His mind was racing so fast. He wondered if he was making the right conclusions. If his thoughts were correct then Elvora and her child were more pieces to the puzzle which left only one logical question to ask.
It was on the tip of his tongue when Elvora looked up suddenly as if she knew what he was going to ask. Instead he nodded to her pleading tear stained, red rimmed green eyes. Without looking away from his grand daughter he said in his most commanding voice, ‘Elgor I want thee to return to Tree City; take control of thy King’s interests. Thy nephew foolishly forgot to leave the throne and loyalists with a voice in his stead. I suggest ye leave at once’
‘But I am supposed to visit the hobbits and dwarves’, said Elgor in protest.
Elzora turned to Elgor, ‘Eldor sent thee on that little errand just to get thee out of the city to make the transition between thee and Eldan easier. Now Eldan and his parliament are secure in Circle Castle and ye survived Eldan’s pathetic assassination attempt there’s nothing to stop thee from assuming thy duties in the king’s absence and use the position to advise the hobbits and dwarves as ye see fit’
Finally turning away from Elvora giving her a reassuring wink, said to Elgor, ‘If ye goes into the historical archive of the library tower and go down the main aisle to the very back there’s a bookcase, slide it aside in the little room behind it thee will find a Seer Font, use it!’
Elzora turned to Elgor and said, ‘Thee remembers how to use a Seer Font don’t ye Elgor?’
‘I thought they had all been destroyed before we came here’, gasped Elgor.
‘They were! Or at least all the ones I knew about. It seems I missed some. I think it is the one my father hid long ago. Eldor seems to have taken an interest in it amongst other things’
‘Should I not take Elvora with me? It would be safer for her and the baby would it not’
‘Nay Elgor’, said Elverdor, ‘I’m going to keep her with me until I understand what is going on here’
‘What of the Dark Lord?’ Elzora asked.
‘I think for now we can work from the assumption he is not as yet arrived’
After Elgor took to wing and she and Elverdor busied about in the kitchen making something to eat, Elzora said, ‘He so wants thy forgiveness ye know’
‘And thee?’
‘Aye and me’
‘Sorry to disappoint both of thee. I can not’
The last thing Elzora said to Elverdor before she decided to leave was, ‘We thought it was the right thing to do. We’re not as immortal as we think’
That night whilst Elvora and her baby slept peacefully Elverdor read through ancient scrolls by the light of his firestone. Elzora shifted into her wolf form once she was clear of the tower. As she ran she thought I was stupid to think there was anything left there for me.
Elvora was happy to stay in her Grandfathers care within his tower. Knowing he was close by was a comfort to her. Both agreed it best not to tell Prince Elderan of developments. For one thing he would worry and be preoccupied when he needed to stay focused on his duties just in case the goblins crossed the Venesh, also the question as to where the thing or whatever it was came from would be looked at closer than it had been thus far. 
She of course was certain she knew and by the silent questioning frown on her grandfathers wrinkled old white bearded face he at least suspected. One thing was certain, the question she didn’t want to answer would have to be answered and Elvora hoped her husband would not be there when that time came. 

7

Queen Thandora came out of isolation after three weeks; she had informed her council she needed time alone with her new power, also she needed to get her feelings of betrayal under control. Elzik had deserted her when she needed him most. She had been so angry with him seeing him fleeing the jetty for the safety of his boat; she branded him a murderer and coward then she fled into her mansion leaving her City Council to settle things down and get the people back to work building their defenses. 
The Council pacified the people by placing a huge bounty on his head which Elzik’s successor eagerly accepted. As a way of showing their loyalty to the Queen of Driftwood, the river elves also rounded up the city deserter’s and returned them in chains free of charge. Any thoughts of fleeing the city was stamped out by the time the two hundred deserters had had their heads ripped off by troll executioners in front of the cheering population.
If it hadn’t been for two dust clouds, one moving towards the city from the north east and the second moving west along the Zenesh, she would have reminded in seclusion for longer. In the presence of the active firestone her senses were heightened, her eyes could see further than a mortal eye, she could hear everything within the city walls; could single out everything and listen in on a single conversation. Her Council however had to be content by looking at a warped and hazy image of the horizon through spy glasses.
Unlike her Council she could feel other firestones; the nape of her neck itched, no one noticed her long nails scratching vigorously beneath her long black hair. She couldn’t identify the wielder but she could tell from the vibration that the stone wielder was air born and another a weeks ride away up the Zenesh. Most likely the air born wielder was the snoopy queen of elves coming to spy on her city again. Thandora would be ready for her and singe her feathers if she got too close.

For over three weeks now Elzik had been on the run; his successor had enough respect for his former Captain by always reaching Elzik’s camp just after he had moved on and was able to observe his tracker’s from a safe distance. The freelance bounty hunters were another matter; they either crept up on him in the dead of night or tried to take him in broad daylight under the rather strange delusion that being on unicorn back some how gave them the advantage. 
On the plus side these encounters gave him a chance to hone his fighting skills, life as a feared river captain had grown dull since he united the Zenesh Clans and eliminated the Elnesh river elves. And life as an assassin didn’t require anything more than the ability to sneak up behind a hit and slit their throat or stab them in the back and his plan of being the wielder of the redfire had been royally screwed by the idiot boy and Thandora. 
Somehow the brat had opened the way for her to master it so his plan of just stealing it while she slept was never going to happen now and he didn’t want to kill her for it. Just because he couldn’t stay with her didn’t mean he didn’t love her still because he did. Going back to Eldan was the only choice he had left until he could work out which wielder would be easiest to kill for a firestone.
He was only a couple of days beyond the outskirts of the dust bowel that were once the outer farms and orchards when he noticed many camp fires. It was an unusually cold cloudless night. The stars seemed to look like foggy diamonds also for the third night running there was no moon anywhere in the sky he hadn’t seen it in the day time either and the sun always seemed to be on either the west or eastern horizon for the past day or so.
He crawled up on the large camp he expected to be a military camp but turned out to be a camp of about seventy entire families; what was even stranger was that every single elf in the camp wore black, he was thinking, Order of Shadows? When he felt the pinprick of cold steel poke his spine through the leather of his jerkin. He turned his head and looked up smiling, ‘Greetings friend. Order of shadows I presume?’ His vision blurred when he felt a hard crack on the side of his head and he blacked out.
When he came too he was in a black tent and bound tightly to the centre pole. The light within the tent was dim despite there being half a dozen four legged mesh braziers two positioned on either side of the tent entrance, one on either side of him looking dangerously close to the black cloth of the tent, there were two more behind him which he could just see out of the corner of his eye.
Somewhere in the dimly lit tent a stern yet amused, female voice said, ‘Worry not Lord Elzik they are not hot coals in fact they give off very little heat’
‘Or light it would seem’, said Elzik then enquired curiously, ‘If not coals then what?’
His captor stepped soundlessly into view which made him jump slightly. He was even more startled by her pale beauty, never had he seen such huge black eyes and lush long black hair. She was slightly taller than the average elf, by the look of her she could be five feet tall a half a foot taller than him and he had always thought of himself as being tall for an elf that averaged at four feet. She was dressed in black leather pants and shirt he imagined the body beneath her tight fitting clothing would be stunning.
‘I want to speak with your leader. I take it The Order of Shadows, has a leader’
‘Aye’ was her reply as she turned away and moved silently to the left. Out of the corner of his eye he could just make out that her back was still turned and she seemed to be bent over something. He was certain he could hear her saying something but her voice was so low he was unable to make out her words. He did get the feeling though that she was talking to someone.
Elzik’s mind went into a spin, could it be? He thought. Black hair, equally black eyes and of skin, also slightly taller and her elven features less oval and squarer. He wondered if her ears were less pointed. He felt a shiver then; a sliver of ice running down his spine. He was more certain than ever that there was a third person within the tent.
Again out of the corner of his eye he saw her move. He smiled when he saw the font, only this one was not white marble like the one he had seen prime Minister Eldan using, this one was black and looked like it was made of steel.
In the time it took him to blink and look up, the pretty girl was back in front of him and spoke, ‘It appears you are to dodge death yet again. My Lord Shadow insists I let you continue on your way under the understanding that you reveal nothing of this encounter to anyone, especially that fat bastard Eldan you serve’
Elzik smiled and said, ‘You’re Elneshian, letting me go must feel like a knife in the gut’
‘Aye more than you could possibly know. It’s all I’ve ever wanted since I was three years old and saw you slit my father’s throat and push his body overboard before you set our fleet to flame. I still hear them screaming in my dreams’
‘You’re Eldraka!’ said Elzik surprised, ‘I thought you went down with the ships’
‘I would have if it hadn’t been for Eldrin of the south. He pulled a few dozen of us out of the water and set us ashore. His contacts in Tree City hid us until we found our place in the shadows’
‘Thus the Order of Shadows was born’, said Elzik in sincere admiration. Then frowning, he said, ‘Why are you leaving now after all this time? Surely with the state of things who must be making a fortune’
‘The Order of Shadows has served its purpose. It is time we returned to our one true home’, was all she would say on the matter, but he guessed that she was referring to the west. After all that was the only land left. There were the vast hill plains of the east, but as the Troll Mountains grew colder and wildings died out, the trolls had no choice but to look for food elsewhere and gnome hunting parties of The Green Plains and East Wood were easy pickings, which left north east across the sands to North Wood but most of them would die long before they reached the woodland oasis that was believed to be there. So that did leave only Driftwood or the west. 
As he pondered these things and her cryptic words, ‘…our one true home…’, Eldraka moved as if she was a shadow and with the slightest of touches the tight black cords holding him fell away as if he hadn’t been bound at all.
Again she was in front of him only this time she was holding out his swords and daggers. He took them never taking his eyes off her; not even a blink. As he strapped his swords to his back and buckled his dagger belt he said, ‘Why did Eldrin save you and yours?’
For the first time Eldraka smiled, it was such a beautiful smile his strong heart skipped a beat. Still smiling she gave him the answer he expected, ‘My father knew you were coming for him so he made a deal with Eldrin. I believe the nature of that deal was what saved the Venlishian’s from being slaughtered by you and yours’; she said ‘yours’ with a contemptuous spit.
Elzik nodded, ‘I take it you know then?’
‘Aye and so does everyone else by now. Take a piece of advice from an enemy, make peace with your father if there’s still time’, with a slight giggle she added, ‘as to your mother, not sure what to suggest there. I do know she is mightily pissed at you for what happened at Driftwood’
‘Do you know where she is?’
‘Last I heard she was heading west towards the Black Lands. Your father is at Eldor’s Castle’
‘Then sweet lady I bid thee farewell and safe journey’ said Elzik with a mock bow.
Eldraka called after him, ‘If my Lord Shadow changes his mind watch your back’
As he walked off into the darkest of nights he could remember in his all years, he thought of his father and muttered under his breath in mock answer to Ekdraka’s threat, ‘Next time thee won’t see me coming, cheeky bitch’

8

King Gelnor sat back upon his throne and looked down upon his son and heir, since dismissing his council of war and father and son were alone he allowed his true feelings to rush to the surface like an erupting volcano, ‘How simple an order could it be? Get in the city and slit the mad witch’s throat and that would have been the end of it!’ bellowed the king, his face almost as red as his hair’
‘If I understand my king correctly the exact instruction was: evaluate the situation and act accordingly’, stated prince Geldor.
‘Ye know what I bloody well meant you young pup! I had no choice but to come out here when the messenger reached me days before thee rode away leaving her alive’ barked the king.
‘What message?’
‘Ye really think I’d leave it all to thee? Especially when ye are so cozy with that inbred elf witch. And now to make matters worse her limp dicked husband is charging along the coast with an army of thousands. Ye gods boy it’ll be a blood bath!’
‘The elves felt they had to intervene because of the outrage it would send throughout the lands if ye started slaughtering citizens from all the lands’ stated Geldor defensively, knowing full well invading Driftwood had been his father’s plan all along. 
The king rose in his golden amour and ran a hand over his red beard deep in thought, ‘I should throw thee in irons for treason. However, ye are a talented man of the sea. Put thy skills to good use and go to the coast and take command of the fleet and rid the Zenesh of all the river elves. I want their alliance with Thandora sunk to the bottom of their precious river. Now get out of my sight’ 
Prince Geldor bowed low and backed away from the throne then straightened and marched from the command tent, his retreat was followed closely by his father bellowing, ‘If ye balls this up ye can bloody well drown ye self’

That joyful reunion had been two weeks after the ice of the Zenesh River melted. Geldor and his small escort continued towards The Golden City of the giants. By the time he sailed with the giant fleet of twenty tall ships the two mighty armies of King Gelnor and King Eldor met upon the sands east of Driftwood City.
A few days before the two great kings came face to face. Queen Elnora circled high above Driftwood looking for the giant witch Thandora. Once she grew bolder and flew lower and still she caught not even a glimpse of black and red save for the countless black and red banners that circled the impressive battlements, they had certainly been busy this past month, she decided she would have to use her yellowfire to locate the redfire. If Thandora had truly mastered the Art, then her probing should alert the witch and bring her out into the open…

…Thandora sat in the darkness of her throne hall alone on her wooden throne cross legged and hunched over the pulsing light emanating from the redfire listening to the voices of her War Council which rose out of the blood red light into her mind, with the voices of the council came flickering images which made the middle of her forehead ache. There was another voice, one which sounded as if it filtered through the mixture of voices and images from the back of her mind, even though it sounded like her own voice, she knew it was not; it was the stone using her voice to guide her. More each day the voice of the stone grew more frustrated and angry, it certainly was not as pleasant as it had been those first few days after Eldraken some how opened the way for her to enter the blood red light. There were times when she felt the stone didn’t like her; as if it wanted to be elsewhere, with someone else.
Thandora pushed such thoughts to one side and tried to relax more and let the voices and images flow up into her mind rather than forcing them, her other self said it would be less painful and the voices and images would flow clear and true. She exhaled slowly and as promised the pain receded a little and the voices of her council did indeed seem to settle as she continued to relax into it. 
She was looking down from above the council meeting which was coming to an end, food and wine was spread out on the large table, her view spread out wider like a parting mist and she could see the whole council rather than jumping from one member to another depending on whom was speaking, at this moment it was her giant general Gelnatra, an unattractive middle aged woman with long greasy braided red hair. She was a large but muscular woman eight and half feet tall, she wore a leather skirt and knee length boots, her breast plate was of rusty steel.
 Gelnatra had come west when she was exiled when exposed for trading in her sick husband’s stead. The crown had taken her families wealth and small gold panning operation, her five children were sold into servitude and her sick husband was publicly executed before her and her children’s eyes before she was thrown out of the city gates. She was still haunted by the sound of her wailing children and the sight of her husband’s head falling into the blood soaked basket.
General Gelnatra lent back in her high backed wooden chair creaking under her weight, a tankard of spiced wine nursed between her huge hands, even though she spoke softly her deep voice was still loud and clearly heard by her fellow generals, ‘…I worry for our queen. She spends all her time, day and night without sleep or food, staring into the depths of that cursed stone’
‘That cursed stone may very well be all that stands between us and disaster’, said the calm but firm voice of the middle aged elf sitting at the other end of the long table from the giantess. General Elmantis wiped ale froth from his graying mustache, he fled west when he fell out of favor when he objected to parliament taking control of the city watch and using his men to spy on the activities of the royal family.
 He had been given three choices, fall into line or face imprisonment in the Barrens or banishment, he chose the later, ‘Since the ice melted the river elves have been keeping a close eye on King Elverdor’s progress and where ever he is his queen will be out there somewhere scouting ahead’ 
General Dwanfel of the dwarves barked, ‘She could be here in the city nosing about. I heard tell she’s done it before’
The general’s of the goblins and gnomes banged their tankards on the table in agreement, ‘If that’s the case then if our queen has true mastery of the blood stone she will detect her soon enough’, said Elmantis.
The discussions moved onto to reports on how faired the defenses and ended with listing of weapons and provisions if the battle became a siege and how long they could hold out if supplies from the river elves were cut off once the giant fleet entered the Zenesh and engaged their allies. 
It was nearing the time for the daily meeting of her five generals to end when Thandora felt a strange tingling feeling at the nape of her neck, her angry mindvoice hissed, she’sss here…!

The dove circling above the city of Driftwood tensed mid-air, Thandora knew she was here, Elnora quickly sent out her mindvoice, ‘husband! She knows I’m here!’
A few seconds later, Eldor’s mindvoice answered, ‘that is not meant to happen! She has mastered it! Be careful my love! We will arrive at dusk’

The five heard commotion coming from the throne hall they rose as one and headed for the door, Gelnatra’s large fingers were inches from the rusty door latch when the door crashed open. Queen Thandora lurched into the room, hunched over as if her specter of fire was too heavy to lift. Her face was thin and pale with thick lines across her brow were it had been furrowed like a field ready for seedlings, such was the price for concentrating so deeply on the mysteries of her firestone. Her once beautiful thick black hair looked thin and greasy with many thin white streaks running through it.
That stone will be the death of her if the sorcerers don’t finish her first, thought general Elmantis, he and his fellows of the council took a shocked step back when they saw Thandora’s big eyes staring at them all widely, is this how it is to end, thought Dwanfel, our beloved queen falling into madness? 
Thandora hesitated, they are terrified of us! They think we are mad! The queen thought. She straightened and composed her self in the regal fashion that was expected. She felt them staring still, only now they focused on her wild staring eyes which were two tiny points of black immersed in twin oval seas of luminous blood red flame. Thandora bowed her head closed her eyes tightly, then opened them and blinked repeatedly, when her head rose a miraculous transformation had taken place. She was beautiful once more even her black gown and cloak seemed to have cleaned itself and straightened out all the wrinkles, her hair was as shining and clean, brushed to perfection and as black as night, not a trace of white could be seen.
Only her eyes remained a little unsettling she sensed, but thought, sod them! What did they expect? We are a stone wielder now! And everyone knows if a wielder is not showing off their firestone, they can be identified by their unusual eyes; Thandora’s were now  completely pinky, white, unlike elf sorcerers her pupils were still in evidence only slightly bigger than the former pin pricks of black when she burst into the room.
Thandora glanced from one general too another and in order of personnel preference said their names in turn, giving each a polite nod of respect and gratitude for all their hard work and devotion ‘Gelnatra, Elmantis, Dwanfel, Gnomdrela, Gobnork, its time I brushed aside any last traces of doubt amongst our people by a demonstration of our power. Above our fair city of the liberated is the bitch queen of the elves. We have a dove to roast this fine and pleasant afternoon
‘Go from here and prepare for battle and do it as silent as lambs we don’t want to scare her off’.
Thandora stepped to one side and ushered them out with her scepter. She followed her gnome general whom hastened to catch up with the others. Thandora smiled to herself as the gnome trotted after Dwanfel whom also had to pick up the pace to keep up with the other three moving further in the lead. The queen spied on the pair often since she realized the dwarf was deeply in love with the tiny yet buxom and muscle bound Gnomdrela of the gnomes. 
The queen of Driftwood, City of the Free, wondered what their offspring would be like if their frequent couplings were ever successful and produced a living baby; there had been one very messy miscarriage and the queen didn’t want to recall what that thing had looked like. But if there was success she wondered if it would be a pixie. The mad Elgora had told her many strange stories about pixies and fairies and winged monsters. It would be a miracle of irony if the created were to create the creator’s.
She was struggling not to burst out laughing when they walked out into the dull late afternoon sun light. Thandora shivered was it last minute nerves or was there a chill to the air. She shrugged it off and watched her general’s head casually to their captains and the nod for battle rippled silently out across the city.
Thandora didn’t need to look up; she felt the dove in the sky which was a lot lower now. The elf queen’s presence was an annoying itch inside her skull like an irritating sand fly buzzing in circles around her head. As casually as she could, Thandora made her way towards the western battlements greeting her army and subjects as she went.
Elnora looked down in confusion; it looked as if the city was on some sort of battle drill. Thandora appeared to be inspecting the army and reassuring the city folk whom gathered to watch. Not once had the giantess shown any sign that she was aware the city was being observed from above.

Once again she cast mindspeech to king Eldor, the dust clouds she noticed of both armies were now moving towards each other a half days ride away where the dove assumed they would make camp and share battle strategies. She hoped she would be down there soon. An unsupervised first meeting between the kings of elves and giants could easily end badly, ‘…my love…I am starting to have doubts about Thandora and her ability to wield the stone. She seems to have no idea I’m up here at all…’
…Eldor reached out in response but didn’t finish his sentence, ‘be careful! It could be a tra…’

  …the witch focused and locked onto the dove, in her mind it was as if the dull throb beneath her skull became a bright source of light as if clouds had parted revealing a bright yellow sun directly above. She focused her will, gripping her gold scepter tightly in her right hand at her side she brought it up thrusting it into the air and ‘pushed’ with all her ferocious might.
The redfire stone pulsed brightly, a fist sized ball of swirling blood red energy shot out of the stone and raced high into the sky, there followed an ear shattering crack of thunder as the energy ball punched through the sound barrier drawing all eyes of the city and armies beyond skyward just as the tiny dove was engulfed in blood red flame…

…Eldor pulled on the reins of his pure white unicorn and leapt from the golden saddle shouting a single word, ‘ELNORA!’ a mile ahead of him king Gelnor brought his chariot to a halt eyes looking high over the city when flames engulfed the sky above Driftwood…

…Elnora only caught some of her husbands warning when her tiny dove eyes were blinded by bright red light hurtling up towards her, the dove screeched in agony; flames quickly eating away at her feathers the skin of her frail body bubbling, the thin layer of fat and muscle quickly cooking down to her fragile bones.
‘Pushing’ through the searing pain, Elnora shifted her form, even through the roar of the flames engulfing her she could hear rapturous cheers  rising up from the city below, if there had been any doubt in the minds of Thandora’s people about her new found power it was dispelled in that one violent act…
…it was time she, Elnora queen of elves, reacted in kind. With staff firmly in hand she ‘pushed’ a yellow shield out around herself dispersing the flames outwards. Silence descended below. Hovering mid air she willed her shield bubble of yellowfire to descend pointing the glowing stone tipped staff downwards she unleashed an energy ball of her own it whistled down aimed directly at Thandora’s insanely glaring up turned face.
Unlike the elf queen, Thandora was ready for it and bringing more cheers from her adoring minions, gripping her scepter in both hands, her firestone blazing brightly she drew her scepter up and swatted the yellow energy ball. The crack of both energies coming into contact sent another even louder clap of thunder crackling outwards in all directions. Those gathered closest but not too close, cowered from the noise which followed an intense flash of yellow red light coursed by the collision of the two mighty powers.
The yellow energy ball shot in a high arch eastward all eyes watched as it fell towards Eldor’s army. Many of his cavalry had dismounted to watch events taking place at the city they shouted out in alarm when the yellow ball fell out of the sky. Eldor held up his staff of goldfire when the ball punched into the sand dunes a few hundred yards from where he maintained his defiant position. The explosion which followed knocked many knights and their unicorns off their feet as the ground beneath them heaved violently but Eldor remained steady and cast a golden light shield outwards in front of him when tons of sand was thrown towards him the light of the oval shield deflected the wall of skin searing hot sand.
Through the slackening sand storm he watched in horror as his beloved queen dived head first, her blazing yellow staff pointing down like a lance screaming a battle cry which sent shivers down everyone’s spine that heard it…
…yet again Thandora was ready for her, she twirled her glowing scepter in a hundred and eighty degree circle bent at the knees with scepter in both hands once more and leapt twenty feet into the air and for the second time took a murderous swing as if her scepter was a bat and the queen of elves was the ball. Yellow light blinded her but her swing was true shattering the elf queen’s light shield and made contact with the side of Elnora’s skull. There followed a teeth grating crack as skull bone shattered and Elnora’s limp body was sent spinning end over end east towards her waiting king. Thandora screamed in anger when she could see clearly Elnora was still keeping a tight grip upon her staff even though she was unconscious and bleeding profusely from her skull wound.
Before Elnora returned to the land the queen of Driftwood turned her back on the east and held out her arms wide as if to embrace the entire city and her people whom were once again cheering, this time they chanted, ‘VICTORY! VICTORY...!’ Thandora roared with laughter her voice rose above that of her people so all could hear her over their chanting, ‘COME THE DAWN WE CRUSH OUR ENEMIES THIS WAR ENDS HERE!’

King Gelnor had no love for elves, in fact who did these days, but he watched horrified when the queen of elves plunged down out of the sky as his chariot drawn by white sand stallions thundered across the dunes towards Eldor. The king of giants saw the king of elves throw his staff of power to one side and run forwards, the golden armored and white cloaked elf caught his queen in his arms, the impressive catch must have knocked the wind out of him, he staggered back loosing his legs from under him and landed on his royal behind in the sand, quickly his generals gathered round him and shielded him with their backs to Eldor allowing their king a moment of privacy whilst he held his wife, cradling her bleeding head in his arms as tears streamed down his dusty grey bearded face.

9

Elzik thought returning to Elf City would be a pleasurable experience; it had been a while since his last assignment for Eldan had brought him into the city. It took him a day to walk through the tightly packed streets where factories, taverns, market stalls and warehouses would normally be hives of activity but now appeared empty and closed, market stalls that were open for business were few and the produce meager and overly priced. He knew from the occasional conversations with farmers that were willing to speak said the year’s crops had failed due to drought. When he thought about it, Elzik couldn’t actually remember the last time it rained.
 Cattle he noticed were deathly thin or were rotting carcasses left in the dusty fields. Orchards had suffered equally; the fruit small and tasteless, trees naked of leaves, far too early for the time of year. He heard that frosts had come early, nights in the open bitterly cold, which of course he had noticed in the eerily starless and moonless nights. It was as if everything was dying in the night sky as it was upon the lands within the Circle Mountains.
As he continued on his way and entered the Under City, beggars lined both sides of every cracked, dust baked street. On more than one occasion he drew his sword and cut down those foolish or desperate enough to challenge the stranger. Often he looked up and noticed the City Guard looking down from the fence lined streets above watching with blatant indifference and amusement. 
Later he paused his journey and listened to public orators openly condemning the government for abandoning the poor of the city, the words such as, Uprising and Revolt were shouted and the cheering crowds grew bigger and bigger; all the while the City Guard watched on unwilling or ordered not to intervene.
It was late at night by the time he reached his usual entrance gate to the first level of the upper city and was allowed to pass, the guards that rotated were paid handsomely every month from his private gold that his personnel banking clerk distributed to all his eyes and ears in the city. The story on the first level, known as Servants Town, spoke of hard times coming to them as it had below. 
By the time he reached the wealthier second level known as The Lords Canopy, the cleaner and larger houses of the high born were better kept, the shops, taverns and restaurants seemed to be going a bit more business, but not by much as usual and of course the city dwellers were fewer and much better dressed in their multi-colored gowns and suits which was the fashion these days. Even the City Watch had shiny silver armor, rather than dented rusty ones and they had clean white beige cloaks rather than ones stained and dirty brown worn by the City Guard below.
When his branch of the City Bank opened he spent an hour with his banking clerk quickly reading through the messages he had collected when paying Elzik’s small army of Watchers. He left in good cheer, it seemed as Eldan tightened his grip an uprising from below was being planed, their aim to march on Circle Castle and rather than demand change, the leader’s of the forth coming rebellion intended to kill every politician within then march on Eldor Castle and demand the King’s Stead to restore the city to it’s former glory and equality for all Classes.
The best part was that Eldan and his money grabbing cohorts of a government had no idea what was going on right under their righteous sandals. Elzik was still smiling to himself when the carriage, provided by the Bank, arrived at the Main east gate of Circle Castle. Elzik poked his head out of the window when the Castle Guard bared the carriages passage. Glaring with rage, Elzik charged out of the carriage; the door slamming open with a loud crash.
‘What is the meaning of this? Do ye know who I am?’ Elzik barked at the four stunned guards; their spears wavering nervously. Of course they do, Elzik thought that one on the end to my right looks ready to piss his armor. The second guard from the left took a nervous step forward and stammered, ‘Y-Ye are t-to b-be det-tained by order o-of…’
‘…Prime Minister Eldan. Well boys this is just not your lucky day!’ snarled Elzik reaching both arms up over his shoulders drawing both his thin blades from his shoulder scabbards.
The guards realizing the renowned assassin Elzik, was not going to enter their custody voluntarily poised with long cumbersome grey shields pulled close to their left side with spears pointed towards Elzik who’s shining thin razor sharp swords pointed at the dirt covered road, which beneath its thinning crust was the scalped branch of one of the thousands of giant oaks which supported the colossal weight of the Elf City. 
The former river pirate, heard, before he saw a golden carriage, drawn by four white unicorns, move at great pace towards the gate. Before he could alert the guards to the approaching royal carriage the armor wetter on the far right yelled at the top of his voice and charged forward. Elzik moved swiftly side stepping the charging guard, his left sword took off the spear tip, his right blade moving at the same time took off the guards head from the back of his neck just beneath the curved edge of his dirty grey helmet which somersaulted away, the guards bleeding head still in his helmet.
By this time the carriage had arrived drawing the attention away from the sight of their headless comrade pumping his life’s blood out of his neck down his armor and splattering on the dusty road around him. They had turned away before his headless corpse dropped to his knees and flopped forward with a dull thud.
What looked like a young hand maiden, leapt down from the carriage, and ran bare footed towards the stunned, yet relieved, guards brandishing a scroll. The lead guard stepped forward with a quizzical expression on his face, a common serving wench had no business being on a royal carriage let alone driving it. If it wasn’t for the seal on the scroll he would have arrested her on the spot, however, he thrust his spear into the road and held out his hand beckoning the scroll be handed to him as he was Gate Master today.
One of his companions took his shield from him allowing him to break the green wax seal he knew to be the seal of the Kings Stead. Elzik sheathed his swords and strode smartly past the remaining guards whom seemed to be struggling to read the scroll and stopped in front of the maid who clearly was not a maid, placing his black gauntleted hands on his black leather hips he commanded, ‘What be thy name girl? Ye look like one of my former Master’s spies!’
The pretty young woman curtsied and with head bowed in shame, said, ‘I had to think on my feet when my lord bade me carry the scroll here before there was blood shed. That carriage was only available means. No doubt my lord will be angry with me and send me back below or worse! To the Barrens’
‘Nay child he will do no such thing I’d swear a blood oath upon it’
‘Ye are very kind my lord! The King’s Stead insists I escort thee to him forthwith’
Elzik didn’t bother to wait for the guards to work it out for themselves and gestured for her to lead the way. Once she closed the door behind him, the nameless girl climbed up on the front of the carriage and whistled for the unicorns to turn. As the carriage returned to Eldor castle, Elzik noticed how the former luster of the flowers and fruit trees appeared lack luster; almost lifeless as if their energy had been sucked out of them. 
Twenty minutes later he arrived in the vast gardened courtyard at the center of Eldor Castle, its dull grey walls and eight towers looming over the courtyard filling it with shadow and light except the huge circle water fountain at it’s center which remained mostly in the light. Even though his mind raced with a thousand and one questions to ask the King’s Stead, he noticed the stench of stagnate water and the smell of rotting fish which assaulted his senses from the pond as he disembarked from the carriage.

His escort curtsied again when she opened the large white oak arched doors to the throne hall, and then silently closed them once he was inside the vast ornate hall. Elzik marched across the white marble floor which had gold leaf running outwards across the vast echoless hall like branches of a golden tree, reaching out from the raised golden throne which represented the tree trunk.
He stopped at the base of the eight stepped platform and placed the tip of his dusty right boot on the bottom step in a blatant act of defiance and disrespect. The grey robed occupant of the throne smiled down with genuine affection for the young rascal. Yet looking down upon Elzik’s black, grey streaked hair, his oldest and finest student looked deflated; truly the wind had been knocked out of his sails this past month.
When Elzik spoke he even sounded deflated; his voice flat and lifeless, ‘Hello father. It is surprisingly good to see thee and on the throne no less. Cast out of Circle Castle only to land on the throne as the King’s Stead. Eldan must love that!’
Lord Elgor, Stead of the King was surprised when that annoying overly loud laughter did not erupt. He felt his son was at last awakening to the call of the Blue Vein. Elzik was ready for his inheritance, but he had to be completely certain or it could all back fire on them both.
Elgor rose sluggishly to his feet. Elzik felt a slight tingle at the nape of his neck when the old sorcerer’s staff appeared in his wrinkled old fist. Elgor seemed to fall upon it with both hands as if he needed it to hold himself up. The lank grey hair and bearded sorcerer felt Elzik’s thought and said, ‘I look as warn and tired as the lands around us are withering and fading’
‘Why is this happening?’
‘I’m getting old’, was Elgor’s answer.
‘Ye know what I mean. There’s no clouds day or night. You feel the gentle heat of the sun but can’t see it and the nights so dark without the stars and moon, but no one seems to be noticing except…’
’…Except by those whom have been trained in the Art…’ the old Stead seemed to drift off in his own thoughts then. A moment later Elgor seemed to come back to himself, he straightened, ‘that’s better’ he muttered, then looked at Elzik with a sparkle of mischief in his completely orange eyes he said, ‘Do ye want to know the deeper mysteries and take thy place as a Guardian of the Stones?’
Without hesitation Elzik answered, ‘Aye father I’m ready’
Elgor nodded, ‘It warms my heart to hear it!’, Elgor pondered something for a moment tapping the index finger of his left hand to his dry lips, then said in a hushed voice, ‘If this is going to work ye must agree to obey my conditions, don’t speak don’t even think until I say so and say Aye now to all I ask of thee or leave and never return’
Elzik swallowed bile that rose in his throat; ordinarily he would have burst out laughing and seen the jest of it and bade his leave but instead he knelt on one knee and said, ‘I will do all thee asks of me upon my word I swear’
‘Then arise Lord Elzik and follow me’ Elgor turned away the illusion of a decrepit old elf faded before Elzik’s startled eyes, ‘Ye will learn there is more to shape shifting then becoming thy animal namesake. I wonder what ye will be. In these troubled times looking old and demented gives ones enemies a false sense of superiority and they forget to hide their misdeeds. Now attend’.
   The old elf stomped off behind the throne then silence. Elzik instinctively placed both hands on his belt daggers and followed in the old sorcerer’s sandal prints. When he stepped behind the chair he felt pressure momentarily being applied to the front of his body. His sight blurred his skin crawled, and then he blinked.
 He was standing in a tiny circular room, he glanced, blinking rapidly, all around as his eyes adjusted to the sudden lack of light. One second he was in the brightly lit throne hall the next in a tiny candle lit room with no windows or doors just walls with book shelves crammed full of dusty old books that looked older than the land itself.
He turned round one last time then stopped and looked at his father who seemed to be looking into a pool of some kind, his hands griped two sides of what looked like a bird bath. He stopped when it dawned on him what it really was. Elzik took a step back, and then stopped from taking another when Elgor said still looking down into the depths of the Seer Font, ‘Ye hath seen one of these before me thinks! Good! Ye have remembered thy training well! Very clever people the Darklings they built the Seer Fonts, my brother was right to destroy them all. I wonder how come there seem to be so many of them all of a sudden it’s as if the Dark Elves were never left behind’
Elgor looked up from the orange glowing liquid, Elzik noticed the orange glow seemed to fade when Elgor’s pulled himself away from it, ‘Step forward you need to see this and we have very little time before we must go…’ before Elzik blurted out what he had learnt beyond the farm lands, Elgor waved his right hand over the liquid and both looked down upon the massive sand horse drawn chariots and the thousands of eight foot giants preparing to attack…the image changed, those were Venesh long boats; they weren’t true sailors they preferred oar driven ships which made there shallow bottoms perfect for the swallow waters of Goblin River which joined the Venesh too Diamond lake of the goblin swamps, ‘We’ll join the delegation once we’re done here. What ye see from now will give thee a fright but ye must know of the time before and thy future of which I have dreamt. I have seen the faces of my ancestors and they are screaming…’
…a puzzled Elzik moved closer and looked down into the font. A blue black glaze washed over the once more, orange glowing liquid. Then the images came…by the end he thinks he screams and then floats as Elgor somehow manages to carry him from the tiny room across the High Lord’s Grand Library. The next thing Elzik sees is the concerned face of his father and realizes by the gentle movement that once again he is on the water…

10

…Eldor knelt beside Elnora lying on a low camp bed. He held a blood soaked rag to the side of his queen’s head. Despite all his efforts he could not heal her and close the wound; he couldn’t even stem the blood flow. Eldor moved his arm to the side of him and dropped the blood soaked cloth into a bronze pail half full with other blood soaked rags.
The king of the elves only half heard the commotion outside his private quarters; his mind was focused on trying to reach Elnora’s mind. No matter how hard he pushed, he could not reach her. As king Gelnor’s voice increased in volume, Eldor reluctantly withdrew and stormed from his tent.
Five minutes later Eldor was peering over the table top within Gelnor’s tent, the king of the giants stood behind it with his massive arms folded and resting on his huge golden armored stomach glaring down at the puny elf. Eldor looked up to meet Gelnor’s glare. Pointing his staff at the pommel of Gelnor’s sword he said, ‘How does thee know of this? I had to find my grandfather’s secret library to learn of what hath been hidden from us’
‘We giants can read! We may not have fancy books but we have mastered the Art of the written word. My great grandfather also left hidden scrolls about the first days when the kings of giants, dwarves and hobbits used all their powers to aide the Light Lord thy father and he betrayed them by taking all their power and left them with impotent crystals. Sometimes when it hangs upon my throne hall wall above my throne the light touches it. In the night I swear sometimes it glows for a moment. Ye hath the power to restore it! I will need it if ye intend to remain at the queen’s side!’
‘I can’t leave her! I won’t!’
‘Then do as I ask! And let me get on with this battle. The longer we delay the stronger their defenses will be’, commanded the king of giants.
Frowning deeply mystified, It’s a dead diamond, thought Eldor, the goblin swamps are littered with them; only one in ten diamonds were a true diamond the rest were know as dead diamonds and worthless. But if they can contain energy! Thought, Eldor, was this something else father made us forget? If so why?
Straightening Eldor said, ‘Fair enough! Lets see what the old owl is hiding’, before Gelnor could speak. The smooth golden oval stone embedded in the tip of Eldor’s staff flared with the light of a golden sun. He reached out with the staff and let the tip touch the dull, sharp edged, dead diamond. The moment the goldfire touched the crystal, he felt energy instantly flow from himself into the heart of his mindstone where it was amplified and swallowed up by the dead diamond which felt to Eldor like it was hungry for the energy.
He had to wrench his staff away with a loud; ‘No!’ he staggered back and doubled over. King Gelnor unfurled his mighty arms, grinning like a madman he grabbed the pommel in both hands and raised the sword of his ancestors and thrust it into the air, golden flame burst from the jagged diamond and slithered over the pommel and flowed up the blade, ‘Great Grandfather thy power is restored and to battle we go!’…

11

…Eldraken looked up from his notes, he had felt something. Soon after he would feel it twice more before it dawned on him what had taken place…when that moment came he rose to his feet, ‘It worked! I was right all along! IT WORKED…’ instantly he went to work then screamed in fury when his experiments failed…his screams of rage echoed down through the blacksteel castle…’WHY WON’T IT WORK FOR ME…?’…
…Whilst Eldraken rant and raved like a spoilt child unable to fix his broken toys, dawn crept up over the Eastern Circle Mountains and drove back the shadows and queen Thandora took her first real look at the army surrounding her on three sides. Her farsight allowed her to see in her minds eye, a dozen giant tall ships were sailing down the Zenesh towards the blockade barring the river. The queen did not see the one small long boat nestled between the tall ships…
…battle conches blew loud and true. King Gelnor held his glowing sword aloft; the power within the sword amplified his voice so all could hear his battle cry, ‘Put this city of heretics to the torch. On this day we take no prisoners!’
The ground shock as a thousand horse drawn chariots thundered across the desert towards the walls of Driftwood, king Gelnor leading the way his sword of goldfire so bright it dazzled the city defender’s. Thandora’s generals looked to her their expressions pleading with her; no one told them Gelnor had sorcery too. Thandora pushed past them and climbed a rickety ladder, holding her scepter of redfire over her head she cried, ‘Ye heard that fat boar! Take no prisoners’.
The defenders cheered and began indiscriminately firing arrows most of which fell short of hitting anything at all. The defender’s descended into creatures consumed by a blood lust driven frenzy as Thandora sent balls of red flame down upon the chariots now only a horse length from their first line of defense. Horses and chariots and their giant occupants burst into flames which had her people cheering for more. 
Thandora walked along the entire length of the wall casting fire balls at her enemies. The order was given when the generals positioned themselves along the wall. Long ropes were pulled and long pointed wooden stakes sprang up pointing at an angle. Before they knew what was happening horses were driven onto and impaled by the wooden stakes. Those horses able to leap in time bought the chariots crashing into the stakes.
One such stake caught in Gelnor’s right wheel. The spokes shattered and the chariot flipped over onto its left side. Despite his girth, Gelnor leapt and rolled clear once on his feet he charged forward. His gold booted foot stamped on something that felt soft just beneath the sand.
The king ignored it and ran forward towards the wall. The defenders grew worried when their arrows appeared to bounce of the giant king; they began to back away from the wall, when with glowing sword held high in both golden gauntlets he ran at the wall screaming. His battle cry was cut short when sand rained down from behind him. He began to turn as an arrow head studded wooden club struck him in the chest with such force it knocked him off his feet. The troll, nine feet tall and only wearing a loin cloth charged towards him then the beast screeched as golden flame burst from Gelnor’s sword and engulfed his attacker. Slapping at himself, in a vain attempt to put out the flames that covered him from head to massive foot, the blazing troll ran blindly at the wall.
King Gelnor didn’t see many other trolls explode from the sand and attack his knights, shattering bone with their mighty clubs while he laid on the sand his sword still blazing. Arrows still bounced off his nimbus light shield which surrounded him, he shock his head still feeling dazed and watched the burning troll crash straight through what turned out to be a thin ten foot, flimsy wooden stake wall.
Gelnor leapt to his feet and waved his sword to signal the next wave of attacks; he heard them before he saw them. Flaming arrows shot from the long bows of his giants rained fire down upon the middle of the city setting it quickly ablaze. Then there came the elf cavalry in their thousands upon their tiny unicorns. He stood watching as giant and elf foot soldiers that had followed his chariots saw the gaping hole in the city wall and flowed through like a small river of armor and steel.
King Gelnor made to move and follow when he realized he was struggling to breathe, he glanced down and noticed for the first time that despite his sorcery the troll had caved in his breast plate which was why he was having more trouble than usual breathing. Using a knife from his waist he cut the straps and let it fall to the sand, then resumed his march to the hole in the wall more determined than ever to bring an end to this city of heretics and their black hearted queen. 
Holding his glowing sword of goldfire king Gelnor ran through the hole to run straight into another troll. The king of giants once again tumbled into a body roll, as he came to one knee he brought his sword round cutting deep into the troll’s leg severing it at the knee, the troll collapsed onto the blood soaked sand howling in pain. Elven pike men close behind the giant plunged many pikes into the troll’s body silencing its screams forever.
Onwards they pushed driving back the defender’s into the burning city. King Gelnor stood in a wide street looking for Thandora but she was no where to be seen, the coward has fled, he thought. In all directions there was chaos, sounds of steel clashing with steel tore at the air mixed with multitudes of death screams. The defenders were falling in uncountable numbers; giants and elves showing no mercy. Then the ground under his blood splattered boots shuddered, his attention was drawn towards the city docklands as flames reached high into the sky. He smiled appreciably; Geldor was attacking the blockade. The city was completely surrounded…

…Elzik rolled out of his hammock when he heard a loud boom! He was hastily pulling on his black leather cloths when the door burst open and Elgor entered his staff in hand, ‘Oh good thee is up! Tis time my son. Geldor hath launched dozens of catapults. He hath set the blockade to flame. The long boat they were on seemed to shake when one explosion followed another. Elzik grabbed his swords and followed Elgor onto deck. Even though their long boat was shielded by two giant tall ships they could feel the heat.
Elzik stopped when he saw a grey haired and long bearded dwarf and plump cloven hoofed hobbit. Walking in quick strides, Elgor made hasty introductions, ‘Kings Dwandor of dwarves, Hobendor of the hobbits this is my son Lord Elzik. Gentlemen we must depart before it’s too late. Let us join hands in a circle if it pleases thee’…

…King Gelnor ran down the long street that led directly to the docks cutting down any poor terrified soul unfortunate to be caught in his path. A loud scream of outrage urged him on, Thandora! He thought. It was confirmed when he saw a blur of black and red run out of a burning side street and race towards the docks ahead of him. He followed grinning manically, ‘Thy days end here witch!’ he shouted after her. 
Thandora glanced over her shoulder, genuine terror flashed in her eyes so brightly that Gelnor felt rather than saw it and ran harder brandishing his glowing sword in front of him shouting, ‘Face me ye cowardly miscreant!...’
…many defender’s of Driftwood realized the battle was lost and began to throw down their weapons in surrender only to have giants and elves fall upon them with bloodied swords where they were hacked to death without mercy. Many others began to run hoping to find escape in the Zenesh River but the wall had been breached in many places. Elves and giants ran side by side from the breached walls on the coast and ran from east and west to cut off any retreat…

…Eldraken stood looking across the ice lands of the west that stretched out as far as the eye could see, thick snow falling over and around him. He sensed before he saw grey black vapor flow in a circle beside him where the hooded faceless figure of the Shadow Lord appeared.
‘My lord why are you out here? Come in side and look upon the Darklight and watch the battle before it ends’, spoke the Shadow Lord sounding like an excited child. Eldraken sighed, ‘that’s were he’ll come through’ was the boys only response pointing west.
‘Aye lad it is. Like you, I can see a tiny black spot like a blemish upon Lord Elverdor’s light shield that surrounds the Circle Mountains and all the lands within’
‘There’s nothing under that ice is there’, it was not a question more a statement.
‘Again, very true, now come with me and see. I promise you won’t be disappointed’
Eldraken gave in with a sigh knowing he would not be satisfied until he followed him back into the cavern. As he walked quickly down the winding cavern passage he noticed the blue pulsing glow that reminded him of a slowly beating heart was throbbing brighter and quicker. He walked into the vast cavern.
He stopped open mouthed, ‘What’s happening?’
Stifling a laugh, the Shadow Lord said, ‘hold out your hand to it and you will see for yourself ‘
Eldraken obediently held out his hand palm first towards the pulsing blue light. Images of the battle now nearing its bloody climax flooded his mind. All that rage and hatred, pain and hoped for glory, blood and death with traces of firestone energy binding it all together in all its horror, Eldraken staggered back not wanting to feel it any more, he doubled over and dry retched, ‘The Darklight is feeding off it’ he gasped between retches, ‘Growing stronger…’
‘Indeed it is lad! Is it not wonderful!’ squealed the Lord of Shadows.
Eldraken straightened and groaned, ‘It’s horrible!’
The Shadow Lord looked at the boy puzzled then frowned when Eldraken turned and walked away, ‘Where are you going? The fun has only just started!’
Without glancing back, Eldraken shouted, ‘I’M GOING HOME!’ 
The shimmering vaporous shadow burst out laughing, ‘this is your home now boy. You’re one of us!’
An echoing reply cam bouncing of the walls of the tunnel, ‘I’LL NEVER BE ONE OF THEE’
‘GO HOME THEN!’ shouted back the Shadow, ‘ELGORA WAS A FUCKING IDIOT TO THINK SHE COULD BRING A DARK ELF INTO THIS WORLD’ the Shadow turned back to the pulsing Dark Staff, he smiled never had he been so happy. Father will be pleased. Everything is going according to plan, he thought, then leapt head first into the Darklight…

…Thandora screamed in outrage once she was at the docks. Every river elf ship was burning and sinking. River elves in the water screamed for mercy whilst giants on board the untouched giant ships shot arrows into the survivors trying to swim away from the burning ships and water. Prince Geldor’s ship turned bow pointing directly at her. 
In her mindseye Thandora saw what he did earlier; his ship rammed through the blockade, grappling bolts were shot into the stern and bow of the two long boats at the center which were then dragged them inwards crashing into the damaged rammed ships of the second row of long boats also ablaze by then. The river elves never stood a chance…
…screaming like a banshee, Thandora held her scepter of redfire in her right fist slowly raising it and calling forth all the power she could drag out of the cursed stone. The redfire blazed so brightly and with such ferocity Gelnor, creeping up behind her intending to cut her down, staggered back shielding his eyes, ‘Going to stab me in the back were thee father?’ she growled without looking over her shoulder.
‘Thee is no daughter of mine vile witch’
‘I would have made thee proud if ye had not promised the crown to my younger brother. I would have been a beautiful queen to our people. They would hath worshiped me like a goddess’
Thandora now glanced over her left shoulder, her eyes two blazing orbs of hatred fueled redfire. King Gelnor stumbled back feeling afraid for the first time in his three hundred year long life. The nimbus of goldfire emanating from his blade waned then and slowly he let the blade point lower to the ground as if the blade was suddenly too heavy to hold.
‘Thee can feel my power and know I can destroy everyone and everything in this city and for miles beyond with just a push…in fact, father dear…that’s exactly what I’m going to do…’
Gelnor again backed away shielding his eyes as redfire erupted out of Thandora’s eyes and flowed down to encase her from head too toe in the roiling fury of the redfire. King Gelnor then dug deep and dredged up the last of his courage clasped his sword in both hands and raised his sword he was about to summon his power when a thin hand rested gently on his hands pushing them down, ‘No great king of giants tis not thy time to die’
Gelnor looked down beside him at Elgor’s upturned smiling, bearded face. Behind him stood King Dwandor of the dwarves and beside him was King Hobendor of the hobbits. Elgor glanced over his shoulder and speaking to the hobbit said, ‘My lord Hobendor. If it pleases thee calm these enraged combatants’
King Hobendor raised his green wood staff of healing and pushed; the hobbit and his staff glowed with orange light, then a wave of this orange energy burst out in all directions and flowed outwards across the city and beyond. The sounds of  battle subsided and ceased as the wave of calming flowed though all souls within and surrounding the city of Driftwood, the wave so strong  the flames engulfing the city receded and one by one the raging fires were snuffed out. Even the giants on board the three masts, tall-ships blinked and for no apparent reason stopped shooting arrows into the elves swimming desperately for their lives and lowered their cross bows.
It also touched Thandora’s enraged heart; she had begun to turn wanting to slay her younger brother prince Geldor first, but something came over her as if she had forgotten what she was about to do. The redfire covering her slowly retreated back into the red mindstone, she wobbled in a daze then turned back and looked down from the jetty at the new comers, she was about to break free of the calming but the rage within her growled, Don’t! We’re outnumbered. Then a glimmer of hope flickered in her heart when she saw the black robed Elzik standing behind the sorcerer Elgor, the assassins hands were moving slowly to the twin blades he preferred to use when on an assignment…

…the three spirits within the illusion of Darkadia Castle could hardly contain themselves, the scent of death and mayhem had even stirred the sleeping Elzbeta from her crypt. The trio was bent over the large Sear Font, ‘What’s this?’ groaned Elgard when Elgor and his new companions appeared out of thin air near the massive giant king, ‘That old bastard has given them their powers back!’ spat Elzbeta.
‘He must have all his memories restored by now. We knew from the outset once the process began the Light Lord’s memory block would fade’ stated her brother, ‘It’s to be expected’
‘I thought Thandora was supposed to kill them all’ said Elsbetha.
Before her siblings could moan and attempt to explain why Thandora was backing down the image blurred and faded. All three screamed a chorus of ‘NOOOOO….’
…’what’s this?’ whispered Elzbeta; a new image formed. The trio looked down upon the Black Plains lying between the western Circle Mountains. At the edge of where Devilsark Forest began they saw Elzora and Eldraken standing beside each other. They were talking but they could not hear what was being said.
‘How did the boy get down there so quickly? It should have taken him over a week to get there!’ exclaimed Elzbeta.
Elgard groaned, ‘I have no idea, but it does appear as if the silver sorceress is going to fall into my trap after all’
‘Maybe it’s a future echo of what’s to come! After all it is a Sear Font’ Elsbetha said meekly.
Both her brother and sister looked up at each other then glanced at their sister amazed at her moment of clarity. Then the image faded and they looked down upon Driftwood once more. Again they howled in frustration it seemed the battle was over…

…what they didn’t see was this: as expected Thandora smiled nodding at the dark figure of Elzik poised ready to strike directly from behind Elgor. At some point Hobendor had trotted off into the city to heal the wounded, so when Gelnor screamed in rage and ran forward waving his glowing sword, only Dwandor was there to join him brandishing his glowing war axe eager to get into the battle even though it was at nearing its end.
That’s more like it, thought Thandora and began to gather her will knowing her beloved Elzik would not betray her after all he had only been waiting for the right moment to strike, after all he did want a firestone for himself and with the two of them wielding power Driftwood’s future would be assured.
Elgor raised his staff calling forth his orangefire which drew Thandora’s attention. Gelnor and Dwandor came at her from both sides Elgor stepped forward. Her eyes were pulled in three directions and that was all Elzik needed. He moved fast. He was just a blur of black, before she knew what was happening Elzik leapt, with the thin blade in his right hand he thrust it up to the hilt into her chest straight threw her bitter heart, the left blade a whirling blur took of her scepter hand at the wrist.
Thandora glared down upon her traitorous beloved; despite the fierce red glow of her eyes he sensed her silent plea for mercy. Elzik pulled his sword free from her chest rolled sideways and in the process sheathed the sword of his right hand and scooped up the scepter just as Gelnor bent to pick it up and claim it for his own, he rolled clear just as screeching from above drew all their attentions…
…The screeching formed words as a gold armored figure plunged down out of the sky, ‘I will have my vengeance witch! Ye killed my wife…’
What looked like a glowing blade cut into Thandora’s upturned face splitting it wide open; it didn’t end there even though Thandora was already dead at this point; her screaming nothing more than an echo of the damned. The light sliced as if it was cutting through butter downwards through the middle of her head down through her neck and onwards until it exited between her legs. When the two halves of Thandora parted all her internal organs flowed out and plopped splashing the armored figure in blood and gore. The ground rumbled when boots and wooden jetty met. Once the two halves had hit the wood on either side many onlookers screamed and covered their eyes at the horror of it all. 
King Eldor rose to his feet ignoring the entrails plopping onto his golden boots and the blood that now drenched his golden armor and face. He stepped forward and squealed like a child, ‘My beloved hath entered the light and is no more’
To prove the point he parted his hands, the light of what had looked like a sword, they realized was the staff of whitefire in his right blood splattered gauntlet and in his left was the staff of the yellowfire.
King Gelnor roared, ‘Victory is ours! Due thy duty and slay everyone of this traitorous scum…’
‘…No!’ said Elzik; though he spoke calmly and with conviction his voice was carried across the city for all to hear, ‘Is it not the law of Driftwood whom so ever holds the golden specter rules this city?’
Nods of agreement were echoed amongst the citizens. Nodding heads than evolved into vocal acknowledgements within minutes the survivors of the battle were chanting, ‘the queen is dead…long lives the king’
‘The division Treaty states clearly one race is forbidden to dwell with another!’ shouted King Gelnor, ‘If ye wants this battle to continue then so be it’
‘Actually, it also states we are not to trade with each other but that has been going on secretly since we fled the home world nearly nine centuries ago, the said Treaty was amended once, it can be done again. In fact as the King’s Stead I suggest we abolish it all together. It was a bloody stupid idea from day one’ said Elgor, then looking to his King added, ‘Don’t ye agree my lord?’
All eyes turned to King Eldor, he was about to agree with Gelnor when something odd came over him; he seemed to relax for the first time since discovering his grandfather’s secret library, a calmness fell like a veil over him. He seemed lost in thought.
 Elgor smiled and winked at the glowing yellow apparition floating behind the king, her vaporous hands resting gently on the king’s shoulders. People were muttering in confusion no one knew what was going on, then silence descended when the King of Elves straightened and addressed the anxious crowds not sure if they were free or doomed to more fighting, ‘My Stead hath given his king, Lord of Light of all these lands of Fairen, wise council
‘This battle is at an end. Both invading armies will provide all due respect and assistance to the brave defenders of Driftwood, city of the free and by my command will pay all due respect to King Elzik’
The king of elves went on to say, ‘I know many unsavory characters from all the realms hath dwelt here but I have also recently learnt there are many more whom hath fled poverty and starvation since the new government was installed in Tree City. Along with the Division Treaty this is something I intend to rectify in due course. Any elves wishing to return home may do so without fear of reprisal’
The crowds began to cheer and all weapons were lowered and swords were sheathed. 

Hobendor moved silently through the city for the next few weeks using his healing staff day and night. Dwandor helped bring food into the city from the mountainous food stores of the giants brought by the army in vast wagons and the elves of Eldor’s army helped with repairs but soon realized the damage to the city was too severe. Instead the elves gave up their own tents and moved them into the city once charred remains were cleared away.

King Gelnor was invited but rejected the offer to join talks on a new treaty to be drawn up inviting Driftwood into what would become the new Trade centre of the lands since Geldor’s ships attacked three long boats from the south river elves docked in Trade Town. The inferno started on the docks soon spread and engulfed the whole town much to King Gelnor’s embarrassment. His hopes of being in total control of all the rivers of the lands was also dashed when a dozen Zenesh long boats sailed into the charred remains of Driftwood, apparently those still loyal to Elzik regardless of his parentage fled to the shallows of the west and only returned when a yellow shade appeared upon the freezing waters beckoning them return.
The giant king joined his son on his ship and the giant fleet sailed home his army leaving also before all their food supplies were exhausted. King Eldor departed with a small force wanting to return his wife’s body home for the traditional burning ceremony. 

Three weeks after that Elgor and Dwandor and Hobendor set sail they stopped off for Elnora’s funeral and all the while Eldor and Elgor grew worried when Prince Elderan and his men returned to Tree City with word that Princess Elvora and Lord Elverdor could not be found. On a happier note he reported the feared invasion from the east lands had failed to materialize.

12

Not all of the river elves that dived over board were able to make it back to Driftwood; it was easier for them to swim to the south side of the river. Many would be rescued by the surviving river elves searching for survivors of the slaughter, however for two elves washed ashore would not be so lucky. Out of fear of being pursued they moved as high up the beach as they could and hid in a dip only a few hundred yards from Devilsark Forest…

…The silver wolf sat listening to the forest; the voices had told her many strange things none of which made any sense to her. These were the oldest of spirits that took possession of the silver oaks in the days when the abandoned world was young and elves were but a dream of a future to come.
They dwelt in the trees waiting, when Elzora pushed them for an answer they screamed one single word over and over again until she begged them to stop. That single word was, ‘Eldread’… 

…recently however they had grown silent yet the silver wolf sensed they were growing increasingly restless it was as if they were trying to move inside their wooden bodies. She was certain the trees had in fact moved closer to the West Mountains which was understandable as the Darkstaff was there high in the mountains but also rather strangely eastwards as if trying to close the gap between themselves and the Barrens. 
She could not understand why they wanted to go there. The Village of the Barrens was nothing more than an asylum for the criminally insane and more recently, a prison for those that spoke out against the political injustices being carried out by Eldan and his wealthy cohorts that were bleeding Tree City dry of all its vast wealth.
And now she sensed something new here in the forest. A few spirits seemed to be beckoning her to enter the trees. She sat pondering should she enter to see what they wanted or stay well clear. She had finally come to a decision. She pushed and transformed into her elf form.
Elzora stood fiddling with her silver stone which was hanging on a silver chain around her neck debating if she should enter or not when a hollow, cold voice spoke from behind, ‘It’s a trap!’
Elzora spun round, ‘Eldraken! What are ye doing here? And how did thee get this close without me sensing thy presence?’
Eldraken shrugged, ‘It’s a gift I guess’
‘And why are ye here?’
‘I’m going to Circle Castle. There’s something I’m meant to see there which will explain why my inventions fail to work when they should’
Elzora stared unblinking at him, ‘Oh I see!’ then turning her head to the forest said, ‘And how does thee know a trap lays in wait for me?’
‘I saw it in the Font’ he answered in that same flat tone, ‘There are a few souls in there that seem to be strong enough to survive after they died in the Barrens. Elgard promised them life if they helped and as they are mad and as thick as dung they agreed’
Elzora nodded when she turned Eldraken was suddenly standing beside her, ‘I think I know what they plan’ she whispered.
Eldraken sighed as if bored with this conversation, ‘pretty obvious really. They want a physical form again and you have a mind stone and so do they’
Elzora groaned, ‘I promised Elverdor I wouldn’t do that again and I mean to keep it!’
‘Don’t be so hasty my lady’ said Eldraken, ‘I think he would approve if he knew what I had in mind’ 
Elzora looked at Eldraken with a raised eyebrow as if to say, what have you got in mind? Without speaking Eldraken held out his pale lifeless left hand. Elzora looked closer when something caught her eye. In the very pores of his skin she saw tiny diamonds of deep blue light.
She looked up at him realizing what he had in mind and smiled deviously, ‘ye cleaver boy! I’m sure he wouldn’t approve at all but I’m dammed anyway so why not’
Eldraken attempted to smile. Elzora flinched away from it when the corner of Eldraken’s mouth twitched then arched in a twisted sort of sneer, ‘Wait here my lady! Allow me to spring lord Elgard’s silly trap’
Before she could protest, Eldraken seemed to have vanished from her side…

…they were hungry; so long had it been since they tasted elf flesh and here were two within easy reach. The demon’s within the trees focused all their strength and reached out under the hard dry ground. The pair didn’t see what was coming. Once the roots hit the sand they shot out surrounding the elves whipping blindly at the air. They knew they were there but couldn’t see them but once one root touched the arm of the male elf the root snaked itself tightly around his arm.
His screaming distracted the female hacking at the thrashing roots to look to aide her brother the roots now so tight around his arm he dropped his sword, more roots coiled up his legs as she ran leaping and dodging roots between them but was too late. The roots holding his legs whipped back towards the forest and the elf was dragged screaming so fast he disappeared into the trees before she realized roots were coiling up her own legs. Then she too screamed as they dragged her off her feet her sword falling out of her right hand. A moment later she was clawing at the ground as she was dragged into the forest…

…’what are they doing?’ cried Elzbeta.
‘He is going to ruin everything’ her brother spat. The vision of Eldraken and Elzora had returned when the disappointing climax of the battle of Driftwood faded.
‘Oh dear’ giggled Elsbetha ‘Look at you two!’ then she could contain herself no longer and began to laugh…her brother and sister looked up at their sister who seemed as if she was fading…then they looked at each other and realized it was they who were fading…

…Eldraken walked into a large eye shaped clearing where the trees had been moving slowly towards the mountains. In the clearing he saw vague dark shapes that seemed to be moving in to surround him as he approached the heart of the clearing. The glowing grey shapes of the Ancient’s slithering and coiling around the trees seemed only intent on watching the show.
Eldraken opened his arms wide his palms facing outwards as the dark shadows moved in. They were so stupid they couldn’t tell the difference between a male elf and a female. All they knew was that a solid being was in the clearing and an easy target. Grey black shimmering hands closed upon his dead flesh and only then realized that something had gone horribly wrong…Eldraken hissed, ‘Welcome too the void’ and pushed inwards. In his hollow empty heart a door crashed open and the insane murders were sucked into Eldraken’s chest and pulled into the darkness of the Hellsvoid their promise of life banished forever with them…

…Eldraken shivered when it was done just as Elzora arrived breathing heavily, ‘How did ye do that?’ panted Elzora.
Eldraken shrugged his shoulders boyishly, ‘Don’t know!’
He turned to the sorceress, she stepped back shocked, their was a strange almost hungry glint in his dull eyes, ‘Lets go’ he said then vanished again.
Elzora shifted into her silver wolf form and followed a trail of blue vapor that only her wolf senses could follow…

…it would have taken her a week of non stop running in order to catch up with Eldraken who seemed to be able to move from one place to another at a frightening rate. Somewhere along the way Eldraken took pity on her old paws; she had been running ceaselessly for three days when her vision blurred and her legs seemed to move too slow as the forest floor past beneath her at great speed…she came to a sudden stop as if she had hit a brick wall she yelped and shock her head and realized she was once again beside Eldraken.
The silver wolf looked up at him; he looked down at the wolf meeting her gaze. She growled when he did that creepy smile thing again, and then panted when he reached down with an ice cold left hand and stroked her furred head in an attempt to give her comfort.
Then he said, ‘Look old Mother’, nodding ahead of them.
Elzora looked up and yelped when she saw a male and female elf hanging by their arms and legs in the air by the roots of silver oaks possessed by the Ancient demons of the old world, ‘Our mutual friends are going to be well pissed at us for this…but sod ‘um’.
The wolf tilted her head and moaned in confusion, this new language was strange yet at the same time some how familiar; as if she had heard it before but so long ago the passage of time had erased the memory or something else had, or someone had, Elverdor she thought, of course his memory block! And now the real Dark Lord had found them the block was crumbling away…
…Eldraken’s voice snapped her out of her thoughts, ‘Its time! Let’s do this, don’t feel bad they are already dead, well! Nearly’ he sniggered.
As Eldraken once again opened his arms wide and let the Darklight within free. Elzora looked back at the two young elves whose cloths were still wet from their dunking in the Lower Zenesh and could see from the roots embedded in their bodies that they were indeed now very much dead; the Ancients had already had their fill of their soul light and from the uneasy vibrations she was picking up they were sharing their feast and growing stronger…Elzora shifted again and held up the staff of the silverfire and pushed…
…with Eldraken’s bluefire opening the way to the inner Darkadia she reached in with the silverfire and wrenched them out of the Darkstaff and together they pushed the two demon spirits, which appeared out of Eldraken’s palms as blue black gaseous things, into the two corpses hanging amid the roots of the haunted Silver Oaks.

13

…Elverdor and Elvora raced around packing what they could for a long journey, their eyes still stained from the tears they had shed for the passing of Elnora, both so wished they could attend her Burning but knew it was not possible; something was wrong with Elvora’s baby and solving that mystery was of far greater importance.
It tore Elvora’s heart to shreds to see Elderan’s grief and confusion when no matter what he tried he could not gain access to the high lords Grey Tower. ‘Hurry child!’ the Light Lord groaned when Elderan rode on hoping in vain that his pregnant wife was waiting for him at Tree City, ‘We need to leave…now!’, Elverdor hissed…

…the goblins poked their prisoner again as they drove him on, blindfolded and bound, along the secret path through the swamps which led to the elves of Diamond lake; the Southern River Elves accompanying them had to hold back from stepping between the goblins and their captive, they didn’t realize whom they had in their charge these simple creatures of the swamp one wrong move and he would be free and impossible to capture again…

…and upon a world which the Children of Fairen had fled nine centuries ago a ritual began and the Dark Lord stirred…


...thus ends Episode 2 Battle of Driftwood. The Darklight Saga continues in Episode 3 Village of the Barrens…




Connect with Carter Kane

I really appreciate you reading my book! Here are my social media locations:

Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/grumpyoleman62
Visit my Face Book page for updates: www.facebook.com/realmsofCarterkane
Smashwords page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/lithiumceo

