PROPHETS OF THE WASTELAND
(Otherworld Book 1)

By
Elijah Stephens


SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Liquid Heaven Productions

Prophets of the Wasteland
Copyright © 2013 by Elijah Stephens

Historical Epics
Otherworld
Hellrunner (Book 2)
Pride of the Britons (Book 3)

Ancient Japan
The Floating World
The Lotus and the Sword (Book 1)
The Rise of the Last Rebellion (Book 2)
The Poison Lotus (Book 3)
The White Rider (Book 4)

Futuristic Science Fiction
Infinity Point Anthology Volume 1
Dynasty Zero (Book 13)
God of the Machine (Book 28)
Death of Angels (Book 29)
The Lotus Eaters (Book 46)
The Violent Awakening (Book 47)
The Moonlight Child (Book 0)
The Grasshopper Revolution (Books 28, 13, 0)
Empire of Blood (Books 47, 29, 46)

Paranormal Science Fiction
The Pattern Volume 1
The Overlap (Volume 1 Book 1)
The Harvest of Area 51 (Volume 1 Book 2)
The Apocalypse Internal (Volume 1 Book 3)
The Pattern Volume 2
Frankenstein’s Shadow (Volume 2 Serialization Part 1)
The Shepherds of Arcadia (Volume 2 Serialization Part 2)
The Dark Crown Goddess (Volume 2 Serialization Part 3)
The Golden Door (Volume 2 Serialization Part 4)
The World Within (Volume 2 Serialization Part 5)
Asylum (Volume 2 Serialization Part 6)

Reviews are greatly appreciated and there are plenty of freebies available at my website: www.liquidheavenlive.com


*****


PROPHETS OF THE WASTELAND


*****


1307 AD - Anatolia

As the bleeding sky kept the light of day trapped behind dark clouds, Torrin Avaris left his Friesien war-horse to munch on sparse grass and circled a small wooden hut sitting alone on a hill.  The wind whispered but he ignored the warning, and while gripping a dagger under his chain-mail he knocked on the front door.  
The knight’s blonde hair was matted with sweat against his sun baked skin when he called out, “Roderick, it is time!  Even the weather would prefer that we leave this place and the city of Constantine is more than a day’s ride!”  
Pieces of the thatch roof showered him with dry twigs and the hinge creaked as the door opened to the daylight.  A bald man sat at a table, facing away from the entrance.  Torrin and the other knights had already packed their supplies into carts for travel, but by the appearance of his home, Roderick Melekon wasn’t going anywhere.  
The despondent fellow looked to his friend.  “Free will is far from absolute, but how can we see the correct path unless we leave it?”
“I guess it’s a disease that the closer you are to something wicked, the easier it is to overlook it, but all of life is a prison,” Torrin replied.  “Don’t waste time hating your flesh and the cycles of the existence, you have to create a sanctuary within your cage.  Only inside that Universe can you be free.”
“You were always like a brother to me, Avaris, but it feels like I am my own shadow.”  
He shrugged.  “Exile is better than planting roots where you cannot stay, and with all the mistakes we’ve made here we have learned the difference between ambition and greed.  All things find resolution and all things come into balance.  That isn’t a promise made by God, that is God.”
“But instinct and intuition make us human, not our impulses.  Either you must remain who you are and pick a different path, or the situation is untenable and you must alter yourself to overcome it.”
“The world is what you are, Roderick.  The timeless spirit only lives when the body is broken.”
“Then tell me, good brother, how do you reach for the true God if you are enamored with perversion?” 
“To survive as a shadow the ego must fool you into thinking that it is you, but we are the dirt and the blood, we feast on the suffering of change.  Any idea to the contrary is the magic of despair, an illusion and nothing more.  Reflect the light of divinity back upon itself and you will magnify it, it is only your choice to dwell in sadness that we pray on.”
When a baby’s whimper carried from the bedroom, Avaris nudged the door and saw a terrified woman cradling a healthy infant with dark skin, the same as her mother’s.  He turned in shock and said, “Did you think we would judge you?” before Roderick was on his feet with a knife in his hand.  Torrin slammed him against the wall, shaking the frame of the house.  After the window burst over the clatter of utensils and shattering pottery, his friend kicked him back against the table and with a clean movement his dagger left his fingertips.  
Avaris barely raised his arm in time to avoid getting struck between the eyes, but the blade still dug deep enough into his iron gauntlet to puncture his skin.  He rolled off the table and swung it by the leg, bringing the full weight of the heavy oak against Roderick and dropping him to the ground.  The impact left him dazed as he reached for his sword and Torrin raised a piece of wood that was quickly split in two by a flash of metal.  When Melekon attempted a straight thrust, Avaris pinned his forearm tight enough to pop the bones and immobilize the weapon, then he smashed his elbow across the knight’s chin and knocked him partially unconscious. 
After Roderick found himself flat on the floor, he finally relented.  “What choice did I have, they would not let me stay on this land unless I gave them something in return.”
“And who did you betray us to?”
“They are obsessed with the sins of our fathers...”
“You convinced yourself that the Nizari will let you stay?  They will shake your hand while they stab you in the back, your wife will be punished for the betrayal of her culture and your daughter is a reminder of everything we took from them.”  
As the sound of a fierce wind carried past the hut, Avaris looked through the broken window and felt his stomach sink.  Outside, his horse was missing among the rolling waves of grass, and when sunlight broke through the thatch above him, he felt something encircle his neck.  Torrin’s throat constricted under the coarse rope and his feet left the ground, but luckily he had the dagger lodged in his gauntlet to free himself.  He cut the noose that choked him and pulled the frayed end as hard as he could, dragging the Ismaili assassins down through the roof.  After they crashed to the floor and scrambled for their weapons, Avaris held one under the chin and sunk his knife into the man’s chest, then he tore out the wet blade and turned to see the other struggling with Roderick.  Wrapped in dark cloth from head to toe, he was cursing them in a foreign language when Torrin impaled him with his friend’s sword.
With the injured man trapped against the door, he asked, “How many of you are coming for us?”
The cloth covered all but the Asasiyun’s black eyes, but the wrinkled corners showed his smile, despite the metal puncturing his stomach.  The Ismaili stepped backwards, disappearing through the solid door like mist, and Avaris pulled his sword’s tip from the wood before he bent the panels with a hard kick.  
The bedroom was empty except for the fading echo of a crying baby, and below him, Roderick was curled up on the floor with a curved dagger shoved between his ribs.  His breath came in weak intervals, and feeling guilty for what he had unleashed upon his fellow knights sparked the sorrow in his eyes when he spoke his final words, “Please don’t tell the others.”
Torrin had no forgiveness to offer, his friend’s punishment had already been exacted.  “The only honor in defeat is when we do not forget what good we can still accomplish,” he said.  “And if there is mercy in the next life, you of all people will find it.”
He stayed with Melekon until he died, then he found his Friesien with the assassins’ horses tied up in the woods and left on a path that would cover his tracks, keeping his unspoken promise when he returned to the others with a lie that Roderick could not be found.

* * * * *

To the south the mountains were being swallowed by dark rainclouds, and late-fall weather brought varying temperatures as lightly loaded carts with uneven wheels followed a procession of knights.  The sound of wood against rock was a drumming heartbeat in the wilderness when two men on horseback broke from the monotony of clacking hooves and allowed their attendants to continue on.  Dressed in ragged clothes under rusted chain-mail, the soldiers wore black mantles with a red cross down the center and were armed with swords and daggers as they looked back to Anatolia with more than passing reverence.  The loss of Jerusalem was a failure owned by their entire Order.   
The pale-skinned Grayson Tetricus said through his long red hair, “It has been following us all day, but our supplies can scarcely feed another mouth before we reach the port.”
The path to the biggest city in the west curved near a curious boy who regarded the Poor Knights of the Temple of Solomon as if witnessing a phantom.  When he saw that he was being watched, he stepped out of view.  
“If he chooses to introduce himself, I will feed him from my own,” Avaris responded.  “He’s as lost as we are from the eyes of God.”
“He might wander for the faith without a home, but he could still be a thief,” Grayson replied.
“Then we have little to worry about, unless he plans to steal the hair from our horses.”  

* * * * *

The trail dropped towards the sea in a woodland clearing where the city of Constantinople was visible at the mouth of the Bosphorus.  As a blood-red haze covered the fortified port and daylight drained its last hour upon the horizon, a domed building with pointed pillars sat as the landmark to the entrance of Europe.  The Church of Divine Wisdom invited no outsiders as three Templars stared over the trees to the distant coastline to light that reflected off the still waters of the Aegean with thick ripples glimmering near the shore.  Though the knights looked upon it as sanctuary, the broken land-bridge beyond the city created the same ominous illusion in the sea.
“We won’t make it before nightfall,” said Ariovistes, a bearded man with a permanent frown.  “Torrin?”
Avaris was staring behind them.  
“He’s transfixed,” Grayson remarked.  “That boy still follows us.”
“We can show him the outpost churches or find a Hospitaller in the city.  They certainly have nothing better to do.”  
Torrin turned his horse and walked to the meek child.  “Are you baiting the wolves to follow us?”  When the boy didn’t respond, he asked, “Are you injured?”  
The child stared at the knight as if it was all a dream that he expected to fade.  Pieces of fabric covered his thin frame almost like clothes and he looked fragile, though he held his ground.  “Why are you leaving?” 
“Anatolia is no longer our province.” 
“Who gives you orders then, God or man?”
“We were sent to protect Christian settlements from the encroaching Seljuk army,” Torrin declared.  “But now the Muslims are preoccupied with other Turks called the Oghuz led by Osman the first, and until Ottoman’s empire reaches Normandy, we have been retracted to serve others.  Spain is full of foreigners –”
“Spain is always full of foreigners and you are still needed here.”
“Where is your family?”
“They were killed by the enemies of God,” the orphan replied.
“Then we have failed you as much as he has, Jerusalem rests with the infidels.”
“You are still heroes, the good deeds of the silent knights are legendary.”
“Wherever you direct your will, the light of truth follows, but so does the abyss.  Templars have a hierarchy like all things, the knights you speak of wearing white and red crosses are monks of the Order, free from all but the will of the Pope.”  
“And what are you?” asked the eager child.  
“Sergeants with wives, performing secular service.”  
“You have a family?” 
Torrin handed the boy a blanket that was folded behind his saddle.  “Take this or you’ll freeze during the night.”
“I don’t need charity, and I don’t need armor because Turks shoot their arrows into the horse instead of the rider.”
Avaris turned away and followed his fellow soldiers, making sure the orphan stayed close.  “We’re going to rest in the forest tonight, you should stay near our fire.  We will find no haven in the city of Constantine, we are Crusaders after all.”  

* * * * *

When night fell, no one worried about keeping watch after a barrel of beer was opened and they set up camp with stark supplies.  They collected firewood while the horses huddled together and preparations were simple in the dicing of preserved meat, using a nearby river to wash the layers of salt before it was cooked in a stew.  Torrin sipped from his mug with his brothers in arms and looked to the foreboding harbor near the city, where torch lit vessels were crossing the serene waters of the Aegean in the darkness.  
“We’ve built our kingdoms on stolen ideas,” said Ariovistes as he scratched his dark beard.  “This place always reminds me of what barbarians we are and how the ego is the child of first realization.”
Grayson scoffed.  “An idea is nothing without those who manifest it, and who else but northern tribes ever uttered the word democracy in the presence of a Queen?  There is nobility in savage ways while civilization steals our hearts.”  
Avaris agreed.  “There are few real men left in this world and too many monsters.”  
“The infection of individuality makes our thoughts linear,” continued Grayson, whose red hair was as bright as the fire.  “We bear one life, one prophet, one Heaven, and one God.”
“And in rituals fall prey to idle worship,” Torrin added, and the others laughed with their exhaustion affected by the alcohol.  
“It is true,” said Ario.  “Philosophy was born and died in ancient Greece, and all thoughts worth having are long in the past.  The only cycles our people discover are about re learning what was already known.  Look to our ancestors and you will find rituals of blood, yet we say that Rome was a lesser evil than the child-killers of Phoenicia.”  
“Passion and ignorance are follies of youth and societies rot by what makes them great,” said Torrin.  “So let us discover our virtues in the cause we give our lives to.”  
There was silence from the solemn knights and rural brothers who sat in recognition of the truth.
“Templars survive best by having only one home but our spiritual house in Jerusalem was retaken by the enemy,” Grayson replied.  “So what idea shall survive, our virtue or defeat?”
Ario nodded.  “The Capetians want us dead and their Frankish Empire despises our wealth.  None but the patricians have access to wisdom.”  
“People have more immediate needs.”  Avaris whistled into the shadows and the shivering orphan came out from behind a tree and sat near the fire, where he was handed a bowl of soup.  “The Lord’s injustice is the hunger of children.”
“We all want happiness to last forever, but if it did what would make it precious?” said Grayson.  “In this world at least, how would we know how to value it?”
“So where’s the Grail?” the boy asked between bites with broth dripping down his chin.
The grizzled elder-warrior bowed his head.  “Young man, I am Duncan Ariovistes.”  
“And I am Grayson Tetricus,” said the rough-faced redhead.  
The child looked into his soup until polite introductions were over, then without giving his own name he asked again, “So where’s the Grail?”
“I am Torrin Avaris,” said the blonde with claw-scars on his neck.  “And simple disobedience can lead to revolution.”
The orphan was confused.  “You’re not French?” 
“We are Norman settlers of a stolen culture,” said Ario.  “But as Templars we are generally only arrogant about the strength of our humility.”
“I was named by a Hospitaller after a nun cured me of the orphaned life,” said Avaris.  “My ancestors followed Ranulf Drengot to the Norman settlements in Magna Graecia and my parents were enslaved by North African traders.  Saracens disliked their merchant ports being dominated by mercenaries, so I was taken along trade routes into Greece where the Order was recruiting new chaplains for the Crusade.”  
“Do you have a real name?” 
“There are better virtues than a title,” Grayson replied.  “Christ said drink of this blood and never be thirsty, but it is a condition of spirituality.  Looking for the actual cup would be as foolish as searching for Noah’s Ark.  Templars simply give up the life that everyone fears they’ll lose and to do that before death makes a person invincible.”
The child nodded, though he didn’t understand.  “Do you have the Grail with you or is it with the Pope?”
“We are descended from Vikings who believed the path to Valhalla was death in battle,” Ario revealed.  “Now Heaven is a peaceful place but to die is still glorious work.  A good thing since nine out of ten Templars do not return from battle.”
“God will guide our hearts,” said Torrin, wondering if the woman who had saved him was still handing children over to Heaven through a war against the enemies of God.
“I want to be a knight someday,” the boy said as he finished his food and curled up next to the campfire.  “Then maybe I will see the Grail.”
Tetricus smiled with the others.  “Passion and ignorance.”

* * * * *

As dusk settled into night, the archangel fixed his helmet and entered the cave, knowing what kind of monster was dwelling within.  His helmet had a slit across the eyes, intersecting another that allowed for easy breathing, and not by coincidence the openings in the metal formed a cross.  With his sword ready he followed the winding corridor towards a faint and unnatural glow and stopped at the entrance of a room where walls of red clay circled a pool of water emanating light.  As the purgatory came alive, shadows broke around a huddled figure in the corner.  
It had the shape of a man, but its leathery red skin had the texture of dragon-scaled flesh as its pointed tail swiped the ground in frustration.  After the leader of demons lost his war and a third of Heaven was banished, he waited impatiently and dreamed of his return to witness the throne of God.  The knight walked to the pool and the last refuge of light and announced himself by scraping his sword across the clay, then he looked into the shimmering liquid and the sensation of falling caught his breath while he scanned the Void.  He was kneeling calmly with his sword’s tip resting upon the floor when the Great Dragon turned to face him.
“I am the light-bringer,” said the demon as he leaned from the shadows that followed him.  “God loves me most.”
With a nod to the glory of the undulating brightness, his metallic eyes caught the light and he smiled, showing teeth as jagged as broken glass, but in the water Satan saw a mirror of himself and seemed to remember what he had done.  He was angry at his reflection, a madness born from his appearance matching the stain of his soul, and the living shadows revealed horns twisted upward in curved deformity, like an attribute of the animal and the cave in which he dwelled.  His black hair was as thick as porcupine quills and they moved with his reaction, flaring when he took a sip of the same water as the saint.  
“Your name is God Will Overcome,” said the once beautiful angel now wretched in exile.  “Banish me and blood will rain upon your Heaven.”
The knight studied him through his iron helmet before nodding in agreement, and the demon showed him a terrible grin as he clawed at the skin over his heart.  Though the wound closed quickly, he let a drop of his blood fall into the puddle of light, blackening the glowing liquid and poisoning it with viscous oil.  As the walls formed into the open mouths of hungry predators, all gnashing for the skin of sinners who chose to pass through the gates of hell, Satan moved with impossible speed and pinned the knight against the wall.  Rows of disembodied teeth grabbed hold and sizzled in agony from the taste of his pureblood, and as the devil used his tail to grasp the saint while trying to eat his immortal virtue with his face, his anger filled the knight with strength.
He broke free and chopped off his enemy’s head, but with an odd grin the Great Dragon calmly placed the severed skull back upon his shoulders.  As a last resort the knight scrambled to the water and touched it with his bloody fingers, and after his sacrifice was accepted, the darkness broke like reflections sparking off shattered glass and the walls crumbled as a violent tornado gripped the fallen angel, who clawed at the floor in desperation before he was sucked into the abyss.  

* * * * *

When the beast fell into oblivion, Torrin opened his eyes and reached for his sword.  The last of the fire had burned to orange embers and charred-white wood was cracking in the silence of the night.  
A whisper came from the trees where the boy was seated on a limb in the moonlight.  “It’s okay,” he called out.  “I’m keeping watch.”  
The child had become a guardian quickly, so Avaris rolled over and drifted from his recurring dream of Saint Michael banishing Lucifer to hell.  

* * * * *

When morning arrived, the knights stretched in the fresh air as they were rudely ripped from slumber, and after camp was repacked and their tracks erased, they started again towards Constantinople with the boy sitting on a cart’s wooden frame, bouncing along with the attendants.  Though the heat of the day didn’t settle until mid-afternoon, the soldiers wore their chain mail through a hostile region no longer protected by the Church.  
They reached the coast by late afternoon and waited for a ferry to usher them across the causeway of the Black Sea.  The platform was stabilized before they stepped on, horses and all, and coins were dropped into canisters held by men who scurried around like rats.  The Emperor of Byzantium did all he could to maintain power within the walls of his kingdom, but his prosperity was due to mingling trade routes and the port city could scarcely be called an empire at all.  Since the very first Crusade, Byzantine rulers with dwindling influence begged the fiefdoms in Europe to retake coastline cities to the holy land, but the soldiers who succeeded laid claim instead and new orders of succession were passed down in lineage struggles by French born knights.  
The tide of insular concern was already moving back to Europe after the loss of Jerusalem and knightly orders were springing up to re conquer southern Spain from Muslims, whose control had lasted for over five centuries.  There would be a war with the Turks eventually, but not while the city of Constantine stood between continents.
“This is the western end of the silk road that connects all of Asia,” Torrin told the boy.  “Across this path everything has traveled, even religion.”  
While the pilgrims with unusual customs searched a clouded sky that gave no release from the warmth, the child stared at a man who had dark skin dotted with designs of ink and a curved scimitar on his belt.  “Whose God do we worship?”
“Some Christians worship a demigod.  Where Alexander ceased his campaign in the northern Indus Valley, the Vedas believe that every spirit is separate from and one with existence, like a drop of water in the ocean.  Their highest God set forth the motion of all things, then created the sustainer of existence.  For the followers of Christ, Jesus is this idea substantiated in the flesh.  From basic dualism came the cycles of creation and destruction, but the oneness of impersonal energy is recognized by all religions.”
Grayson laughed.  “Keep talking, I think the boy understood a couple of your words when he was actually listening.”  
“To the Vedas,” Torrin continued.  “What sustains humanity is the repetitious manifestation of virtue called prophets.  People are wrong to think that free will is absolute, it is what we earn by promoting justice in this world and the failsafe called selflessness assures that only those who can be truly awakened to their freedom would be destined to work towards the common good.”
“My name is Edmund,” said the child, who watched waves slapping against the passing merchant ships as the Moor put down a finely woven mat and kneeled, facing southeast and bowing to the earth.  The orphan almost tumbled into the sea and cried out, “He’s an enemy of God!” 
“For all the misery and death of warfare,” Ario quieted him.  “Worlds collide and bear creative fortune as well.  Being at the center of it all, this city is a haven for scholars and exposure to new concepts coming from the far east.”
Edmund pointed to young women chatting beneath cloth coverings and vibrant dyes that seemed indelicate like the durable fabric worn by nomads.  He was fascinated by the charcoal that lined their eyes, accentuating the sultry features of the coy females.
“Gypsies,” said Tetricus.  “They could teach you more about northern India, starting with the Sutras.  Better to learn that some women wish to be passively penetrated while others devour with their body and soul.  Or perhaps he should try the journal of the Venetian traveler Marco, who went further east than the Macedonians to witness the Mongol Khanate, along with a mystical black powder that ignites in various colors.”
Edmund searched the exotic faces near the European harbor while the mountains of Greece reflected the setting sun.  “This is a raft for lower people?”
“They won’t allow us into Constantinople,” Avaris told him.  “After the first crusade, our people realized how this was no war for God.  Territory in the holy land was for feudal concern, so Templars in league with the Venetians ransacked part of the city during the fourth crusade to install a ruler who was friendly to the Norman Empire.”
“What are Normans?” asked the boy.  
“Northmen,” said Ario.  “Vikings who settled colonies in every country in Europe and assimilated culturally.  We are unique among the societies of man.  In the frozen north, the world outside is bitter and dark, so we do not let that darkness into our homes.  We love our women and their warmth, and we respect the strength they have that we do not.  It is when the world outside is comfortable that men forget this.”
“Those who helped the Pope get elected almost two hundred years ago,” said Grayson.  “Men like Saint Bernard designed the Knights Templar and set in place nine men to rule over their affairs, spread from Scotland to Sinai.  A small faction of our soldiers once defeated the great Saladin after he underestimated our knights and let his forces spread to plunder nearby towns.  When he turned his back he was defeated, fitting Hughes de Payens’ military vision that a small army could overcome greater numbers if they were willing to die.  To never surrender in battle, our advantage was the loss of fear by disregarding death, though at the Battle of Hattin the line of succession of Grand Master fell to Gerard de Ridefort, a terrible soldier who gave up after leading five hundred men into the desert to be slaughtered.  He displayed the fallibility of the Templar code, that ideals are held by men and though these virtues may be perfect, mankind is not.  What gave us power was beset by greed, and now the war has ended.”
With daylight fading they seemed to be sunk below the earth, riding with Charon the Boatman across the River Styx.  “What do the Gypsies think of you,” Edmund asked.  “For having lost so much in worship of their demigod?” 
Torrin looked across the stone ramparts of Constantinople and said, “In the realm of contradiction, they would say we pay too much heed to Shiva the destroyer.”  

* * * * *

“I thought you had castles to rest in,” said the orphan, disheartened by their meager conditions.  After the knights disembarked from the ferry at the outskirts of the city, they were far from the marketplace and the sight of wealthy men.  Around them a dozen languages were spoken as Edmund scanned the foreign panoply in disgust.  “My father said there is no honor in the godless.”
“We stay with our rural brothers,” said Ario.  “There are some knights who still abide by the oaths we took.”
“We will wait here overnight,” said Avaris, helping the others tie their horses and set up tents near the supply carts at the edge of town.  “By morning a ship will arrive from Sardinia to bring us to the Iberian coast.”
“It would be best if we stayed unseen for the night,” Grayson warned.  “There are rivals to the Order here.  You expected gold and treasure, but all wealth in the true kingdom is not of this world.”  
The boy climbed onto one of the carts and watched the men create their nightly fire.  “Some say you worship heads.”  
“Thought and emotion are faculties of the spirit, and though many tribes throughout history have viewed the head as the container of the soul, the Capetians hate us for our Gnosticism.  The greatest enemy of an aristocracy is the oppressed population becoming aware of their potential freedom, and since serfs live in poverty of all forms, physical and mental, their rulers survive by keeping them naïve to the truth.  This makes the monks who share wisdom the greatest danger to the decadent Holy Roman Empire, because all kings must keep their people dependent on them and so does the Church.”  
“Faith is not for the brainwashed,” Edmund protested.  “What else is the use of prayer?”
Duncan readied their spiced meat and stirred the stew.  “The Roman oligarchy was converted to the Bishopic Institution to maintain power during the rise of Christianity and the fall of their empire.  The Church has to keep people from the optimism of Christ’s message because if they received it themselves they wouldn’t need priests.”
“That’s why Gnostics worship knowledge as the path to freedom from suffering,” Torrin added.  “According to Anaximander in ancient Greece, the Apeiron was the first principle, the undivided essence of grace, silence, and purity.  The radiance of this, called the Pleroma, was so effulgent that it folded back upon itself, creating self-reflection, and from that balance came the Perion, the void of separation from the source.  Both in unison create harmony, and belief in the Monad holds that the gift of free will could be used to promote either light or dark.  That is why we must meditate, to determine which we choose to follow.”
“Both principles remain undivided in the source,” said Duncan, continuing their lesson for the boy.  “Pain is necessary to follow a higher path, and destruction is inherently connected to creation.  We must have winter to have spring, old people must die and be replaced, and fire must consume the forest floor to make way for new seedlings.  Therefore annihilation is a part of God.”  
“So what do Gnostics believe then?” asked the boy.
“That the Demiurge is the structure of this world, the logical form of it without depth, that is why it’s so twisted.  The true God’s children, the Archons, the healers called angels and the messengers called archangels, are all trying to guide existence back to the light of eternal harmony.  We must sacrifice to break the Pleroma through the design of this chaotic realm and manifest divinity, that’s the reason for all the suffering in this world.”  Torrin looked to the orphan, who raised his drowsy eyelids.  
Ario handed over a bowl of soup with partially spoiled meat.  “Here, finish your lesson while you eat.”
Edmund was quickly alert and stretched to get his share of the meal, though it was hardly enough to be considered charity.  “Are you going to leave me with the Hospitallers?” he asked, taking in a mouthful of pungent soup.
“You can go where you like,” said Grayson, who bit into a stale piece of bread and was glad to be spared the mold.  “Tomorrow the Templar ship that dispatched us will return after collecting knights sent on missions throughout the region.  You can be dropped at any port from here to Corsica.”
“I can go where I want?”
“You can go where you want and survive where you will, but remember that all of life is warfare,” Tetricus warned.  “Those who forget are the first to fall.” 
“Do you want to know about the Holy Grail?” said Torrin, and Edmund nodded between juicy bites.  “If the demigod of this fallible Universe is as sick and brutal as his creation, we shouldn’t spend our time wrapped up in its illusions.  It would be difficult to find evidence of a loving God in such a dark place, but Templars believe that a death serving the true God will break us through to the light.  Jesus was a miracle among men to reach the source and teach others about the Pleroma, so we worship the cross because it was when Christ broke through.  His crucifixion was the moment he left this place of injustice called life and opened the gates of Heaven with his blood.”
“Knowledge is the sword and shield of God,” said Ario, pointing to the cart where Edmund was drifting to sleep.  
“The world will try to drag you down and rip the goodness from your heart,” Avaris continued in a soft voice, hoping the boy still heard what he was saying.  The rural brothers hadn’t listened to any of it, though, since philosophy was pointless when basic needs weren’t met.  “Everything will be taken away from you, you will fall ill, go to war, grow old, and die.  We are grandchildren to the God who created all that contradicts itself, so let’s hope the angels are with you.”  

* * * * *

Torrin woke to small hands shaking him.  Edmund was leaning into his tent and urgently whispering about the infamous warriors of Hassan i Sabbah, the secretive murderers of Seljuk Turks who were re commissioned by latter warlords.  Outside, the last logs in the campfire sent yellow tendrils reaching for the sky and the cover of clouds obstructed the moonlight.  Avaris saw that the Sergeants who had gone to the marketplace earlier were missing, far from the city and the torches lining their streets, and the Haggia Sophia in the distance looked like oversized Minoan pottery, as if the gods had dropped their treasure on earth and humans were left to worship a broken fragment.  When he heard scuffling in the dark, Torrin grabbed his sword, and through the faint glow in the shadows between the Templar tents he saw an assassin in black-cloth wrappings holding a curved dagger.  His reflexes were sharp as he tore the Asasiyun apart, pitching him backwards in a spray of blood.  
While the terrified Edmund huddled between the carts, Grayson leaned from his tent after the ambush started, and as he swung his dull mace and snapped their bones, he startled Ario from sleep.  Reaching through the fabric-wall, an assassin tried to slit his throat but the knife caught the collar of his chain mail.  He split open the Ismaili Muslim with his crescent shaped axe and his attacker fell into the campfire, throwing bright sparks over the attendants.  As some were grabbed and pulled into the darkness, the rural brothers ran to the horses and untied them quickly.  
Torrin was tackled to the ground, where he stabbed his enemy until warm blood rushed over him.  He saw Edmund hiding under the cart and said, “It is no longer safe to be around us, boy.  Find someone wearing a blue cross to take you in, Hospitallers are cousins to the Templars.”  After the child disappeared in the confusion and the hired killers abandoned their sneak attack, the survivors took their horses and slipped away, leaving the dead to burn in their wake.  

* * * * *

They rode far into the forests beyond the city, and to the north they could see the cloud-covered Balkan mountain range as day broke in the east with the light of dawn, bringing new sadness to the knights who saw how few of them had escaped.
“How long shall we ride without food?” Tetricus groaned.  “We were down to scraps before we stopped and now we have little to barter with.”
“We’ll head to Sofia and find an inn that serves pilgrims,” said Avaris.  
“The warriors of Al-Hassan are not commissioned easily, whoever hired them knew where we would be,” said Grayson.  “We have plenty of enemies, but none have access to killers beyond local mercenaries.  Professional assassinations are political and those men were elite.”  
Ariovistes removed his knightly mantle.  “We are too low on supplies to ride to Aragon and I’ll not return to the city with a mark upon my forehead.  As far as we know, our Templar ship will be docking in Constantinople within a few hours and I would like to have all the information before I go shouting conspiracy.  I will scout as a civilian while you continue on to Sofia, and once there I will meet you with reinforcements.”
“They knew where to find us,” Torrin repeated.  “Be careful who you trust.”
After stripping off declarations of Templar loyalty, Duncan left the two remaining knights with their attendants.
“We’re not far from a village,” said Grayson.  “Where’s Edmund?”
“He escaped during the fight,” Avaris told him.
“Alone in the city?  He might as well be thrown to wolves.”

* * * * *

They continued northwest until they finally reached the mountains.  It was getting colder by the hour when they entered a well-worn path and saw emaciated bodies slumped by the side of the road.  Citizens who were near starvation had started migrating as if something scared them from the town, but they had died while walking away and dropped where their strength had failed them.  
Concerned with the skeletal corpses they passed, Grayson asked, “How far is Sofia?”
“More than a day’s ride from here,” Avaris replied, then he pointed down the road to a huddled mass swaying back and forth, and as they got closer, the attendants let the knights move on alone.  The woman did not react to the horses and her long black hair hung forward while she breathed in shallow panic, cradling something in her arms.  “Are you hurt?” Torrin asked her.
She stopped rocking and raised her ashen face to the Sergeants.  With sunken eyes from starvation and sadness, her cheeks were disfigured by tears that dropped in rivers as she leaned back, accidentally uncovering the dead infant she held to her naked chest.  While clinging the bluish baby to her breast, the young woman let her head tilt to one side as if she could no longer carry the weight.  “I have no milk,” she sobbed.
“How long have you been here?” Grayson wondered.   
She looked towards her town.  “We can’t afford food.”  On the path through the forest, layers of snow had collected around starved corpses.  The mother’s eyes glazed over in sorrow as she looked to the constant gray of an overcast sky, blaming it as the source of her misery.  “The Eucharist,” she muttered.  “I warned them...”
Tetricus was convinced that the scene had proven itself a barricade.  “A hungry town does not do this.  People here are very superstitious and they don’t welcome outsiders.”
“There are no demons that can penetrate a pure heart,” said Avaris.  “If there’s anything we can do to help, we should.”
“I’ve never seen a sight worse than this.  I have a feeling this is a situation for priests or someone naïve enough to believe that they can heal the darkness of the lower infinite.”
Torrin motioned for the rural brothers to bring their carts.  “My bravery is not for the lack of something to live for.  It may prolong her suffering, but I don’t know what else to do.”  He took a portion of what little food they had and set it next to the grieving mother.  The woman’s sockets stared through him, yet she reflected no malice when they left her to the same deliberate swaying.  The food went untouched as she counted the seconds leading to her own vanishing.

* * * * *

The wind drifting off the mountains brought a chill to the knights who followed a trail of corpses among the dying trees of early winter.  The sloping path led to the man-made clearing of a village, a welcomed sight in the middle of the wilderness, but the flimsy wooden buildings were close to collapse as weather chewed them away, and at the far side of town was a stone constructed church with vines climbing the walls, swallowing it back into the earth.  After reaching the central courtyard, Avaris handed their horses to the attendants.  
“Stay here,” he told them.  “We’ll circle the village for survivors while you check those buildings for supplies.”  Among the blankets and pots on one of their carts, he saw a small foot under the equipment and grabbed it.  When the owner stuck out his head, Torrin said, “Jesus Christ!”
“Don’t blaspheme!”  Edmund squeezed out from under the load.  “I didn’t have anywhere else to go.”
“This is the worst place you could be right now,” Avaris said, trying to sound angry.  
The child stood on the cart so he could be taller than the knights.  “Give me a sword and I’ll follow.”
Grayson laughed.  “Boy, you could not lift my sword.”
“We’ll need to hunt later, so ready your bows,” Avaris told the attendants.  
The Templars left their helmets and shields and separated cautiously, walking to opposite sides of town with the intent of meeting at the church.  Once they were alone, Edmund and the pages hurried to examine the nearest storehouse, leaving their horses to slurp rainwater from nearby puddles.  

* * * * *

Torrin stepped through dried twigs that broke like tiny bones of some hellish carpet as he came upon a stone well.  When he peered into the darkness, he heard a scratching noise like the sound of fingernails scraping towards the light, so he pulled the rope until a bucket came into view and small beetles scurried away.  The wooden slats were cracked from moisture and he bent to smell the sloshing water.  Though he was thirsty, he decided not to drink it.

* * * * *

Grayson followed the buildings on the northern side of the village as the breeze lifted a layer of dead leaves into the air.  There was terrified whimpering by the stables and he followed the peculiar noise to a lone wolf trying to dig below the front steps.  It ran to him with a wagging tail in anticipation of some attention and his hand left his sword to rub the animal’s cheeks.  When his fingers touched something wet and sticky, he saw a blood-trail leading back to the stable where something large had tried to get in, raking and pounding until panels fractured.  By the doorknob, a human fingernail was sticking from the wood with torn and clotted skin still attached, but if was from a person they had somehow forgotten how to get inside.  
He opened the door and a gust of stale air escaped with the stench of rotted meat and excrement, and the smell was enough to keep him back until he pulled his collar above his nose.  His eyes adjusted as rising particles drifted through intruding beams of light, but the partitions between each horse’s stall were barely visible with piles of dung scattered throughout the unswept area.  He watched the shadows cross bodies sitting with their backs against the wall, people who had waited for death while terror beat on the door, more afraid of whatever was outside than the poisoned sanctuary that kept them safe.  Families were huddled together and fathers still grasped their children as the Templar’s eyes watered from the stench of the group that had chosen the place for a tomb.  
Grayson stepped over toddlers with contorted grimaces who were staring at the roof as if their eyes were raised to God, but at the far end of the stable was a mound of corpses that seemed oddly displaced, all young villagers of a ripened age who with the darkness closing in still had the energy to roll over and have sex.  As they watched each other starve to death, they ignored the horse droppings and wallowed like filthy animals, disregarding the personalities of those around them.  Their orgy had commenced despite or because of the hopelessness, and Tetricus wondered if they had continued in their perversion after some of them died.  He walked from the stables and doubled over, heaving to rid himself of infected disgust while the wolf licked his hand.   

* * * * *

After leaving the well, Avaris continued towards the church and heard a muffled knocking inside the last building down the row.  At the living quarters for priests who maintained the faith of their community, the door was open and light drumming continued with a constancy that seemed deliberate.  He stepped in with a hand on his dagger and saw smeared blood from something dragged inside.  He followed the sound to the center of the room where a frail and dainty form disregarded his presence, and he assumed that the petite female might be delirious from hunger as one of the last survivors, knocking utensils against the floor with nothing else to fill her time.  He lifted his metal scabbard and the sunlight reflected across her crow-black hair.  Beside the crouching woman sat polished skulls that were obviously human and she was raking thigh-bones over a row of fingers before taking each into her mouth to strip the remaining flesh.  Torrin was already backing to the door when his sheath lit two miniature skeletons that had been carefully laid out, both infants from their size.  
As if reminded of her actions, the woman became full of rage for the knight, and as he tripped into the open and fell on a pile of dried leaves, she jumped out after him and scratched at his face with overgrown fingernails.  The daylight revealed human eyes but she was feral, biting her tongue and letting mouthfuls of blood splash over him.  She straddled him with her hips locked tight, hindering his ability to draw his sword.  She was intoxicated by the feeling of the knight struggling beneath her as if it were an acceptable substitution to love making, and while she reached for the sky and tore at her dress, she rolled her eyes and said, “The boys give me all of their attention.”  
She was suddenly distracted by the sight of the well and scrambled to it as the new obsession consumed her as absolutely as the bones.  Avaris wiped her blood from his face and watched her lean over the bucket, stunned by her reflection and transfixed by the delicate curvature of her cheeks as she pawed at the water’s surface like a kitten.  Her kindness abated with her frustration of not being able to grasp her own image, so she dropped the bucket into the well and seemed happy to hear the object tumble.  Staring into the impenetrable black, she stretched to touch her reflection and in the darkness saw herself as clearly as the beautiful face shining in the bucket of water.  She reached forward until her feet came off the ground and she fell into the silence of the earth.

* * * * *

After leaving the stable, Grayson waited until the convulsions in his knotted stomach passed before continuing on.  In the alleyway between buildings, he saw a man lying face down.  The wolf kept its distance, and with no sign of visible wounds, the rise and fall of the body’s slight breathing goaded the knight to pull his sword.  The man’s nails were broken and his fleshy fingertips were bloody, likely rubbed to the bone when he tried to get into the stable.  
The villager reached out suddenly and according to his
red stained teeth, he had been sucking on his shredded fingers.  “I offered to share with them, I am not as selfish as they say!”
As he crawled forward on his belly and grasped for the wolf while vomiting pieces of half digested bread, Tetricus slammed the blunt side of his sword against the villager’s skull, dropping him to the ground where his shallow breathing commenced.  The wolf stayed close to the Templar.

* * * * *

Torrin tried to get his mind around the woman lost in the well and he was near the ornate church when something caught his attention on the opposite side of the chapel.  With sword drawn, he held his weapon like his faith and went to the rear of the building where he found a priest dragging a dead clergyman through the grass.  In his orthodox robe, he was working out some kind of deliberate repetition and the body had a hole in the stomach, hollowed out and steaming in the cold.  Near them was a bulging sack with lumps too round to be precious metals looted from the church, so Avaris moved to it slowly while keeping an eye on the strange activity.  
As he opened the coarse fabric, the priest stopped walking in circles and sunk his teeth into the dead man, apparently ending his ritual every time with a feast of his former colleague.  Captivated by the man’s voracity, Torrin opened the sack and found loaves of bread from a Eucharist that had gone moldy in the chapel.   
“You can have some,” the cannibal said with torn meat hanging from his beard.  “There’s plenty for all of us, I keep telling the others.”  
Avaris wasn’t sure which meal the priest wanted to share as he mumbled something between bites and closed his eyes with moans of satiated hunger.  The knight raised his sword and said a prayer for the man’s soul before his judgment.   

* * * * *

Grayson reached the church and told the wolf to wait at the elaborate entrance.  The doors were already open and the place reeked of incense meant to override an unwashed congregation, and though the windows were clogged from years of disrepair, the candles along the pews were lit as the Templar made his way up the middle aisle.  A body was stretched across the altar with an arrow sticking from his chest and blood had dripped steadily before the man’s death, collecting in a river across the floor near two sacks overfilled with gold.
When he reached the front pews, he heard someone rummaging in the storeroom, and following the laughter of men, one of the thieves came into the open carrying another sack of loot.  He was dressed in stolen clothes for warmth in Bulgaria and his dark beard hung like an unkempt animal.  After the well-armed mercenary saw the knight and called for his friends, two other ransackers walked around the life-size statue of the sacrifice.  One was short like the others but with a stocky frame and the third man had a fresh injury that made him limp.  
Their leader smiled through blackened teeth and didn’t seem far from pulling his weapon.  “We’re almost done here, pilgrim, then you can have your run of the place.”
“This town has been cursed by God,” Tetricus lamented.
“Northern winters are killing our crops as well, but these villagers were dead before we arrived.  We were looking for sanctuary after we fell into an ambush by Hungarian knights.  As you can see, our friend was killed during the escape.”  He regarded the arrow-pierced corpse, whom they weren’t exactly mourning.  “All we found were ghosts here, so we decided to help ourselves.”
“We were further west, near Serbian territory,” said the Bulgar with the injury.  “We looked for rest in Macedonia, but they all bear egos that rival Alexander.  And since Hungarians fancy themselves the sons of Attila, we thought we could find no solace until returning home.  You must be a Crusader.”  
Grayson wore no emblems of the Order and looked upon the men with clear apprehension.
“Last of a dying breed, men of God find no arrogance in their loyalty,” said the leader.  “That’s how you tell a Crusader from other knights, they know they are beholden to no King.  You would have gotten a fine welcome here had this village not already been swallowed by hell.”
“So where does a disbanded soldier hide?” asked the limping Bulgar.  “Or did you know?”   
“This desecration.”  Tetricus studied the sacks of stolen property.  “I cannot let you do this...”  
The ransackers assumed that he was joking.  “We thought crop failures were isolated to the north,” said their leader.  “But we have seen starvation crawling south with the cold and constant rain.  People are losing faith in the Church and this monument to God did little to allay their suffering.  We would be glad to share our wealth if you’ll provide us with safe passage.  Do you have a procession or are you a solitary Templar?”
Grayson frowned.  “You seek to take my soul down with you?”
“You should be angry with whatever God you worship.  This is the course of life throughout the west, too many bursting populations and too many mouths born onto land that cannot feed them.  Such is the scourge of nature’s destruction.  The people will rise up and revolt, this loss must be accounted for by the blood of lesser tyrants, but if it angers you to have the freshly departed bleeding over your altar, by all means –”
“I cannot let you do this,” Tetricus repeated.  
The thieves stepped closer.  “Enough sadness has occurred here, it does no wrong to steal what no longer applies to the dead.  They are spirits while we have hungry mouths.”
The Templar firmly held his sword.  “That gold can go to hungry mouths that don’t rape and burn their way through life.”
The leader checked on his men to make sure they knew what was about to happen, then he responded, “Either help us take the gold to our horses north of here or we will kill you and take the treasure anyway.  We are riders without a procession of carts, so it would help us greatly if you could supply us, for a fee of course.  Isn’t that the Templar Code, privilege of autonomy to all but payment?  You still haven’t answered my question though, are you alone or with others?”  A low growl turned their eyes to the entrance, where the wolf stood with his ears back.  “I wondered why this knight showed such bravery.  Turns out it wasn’t his faith at all, but rather a dog.”
“From where I stand that wolf smells better than you,” said Grayson.  “And you wondered if I had protection more than a will of iron?” 
The thief rubbed his chin, scraping off layers of filth.  “We shall test your armor.”  
The stocky Bulgar grabbed Tetricus by his chain-mail and threw him into the wall, knocking over prayer candles that had melted into formlessness.  The wolf ran down the center of the church and locked its jaw upon the leader’s forearm, pulling him off-balance as he tried to draw his weapon.  The heavyset thief swung a mace at the end of a long chain, and when the Templar dodged his attack, the wooden pews were split to pieces.  The man tried again but the spiked metal ricocheted off a stone pillar and landed in his wrist, distracting him enough for Grayson to stab him in the chest with a knife.  Responding to the noise, Avaris arrived at the entrance of the church and pulled his sword with a strident echo.  
With the wolf gripping his sleeve, the Bulgar leader used his free hand to shove a dagger between the animal’s ribs before Torrin closed the distance and hacked off his arm at the elbow.  After patiently watching him crawl across the floor to reach for his severed limb, he used a discarded axe to finish the man off, and as the limping merc tried to escape, Grayson overpowered him and slit his throat.  
When Avaris noticed the gold-filled sacks he said, “Well, that explains a lot.”

* * * * *

After they walked outside where a fog had settled, Tetricus informed Torrin about the horses tied to the north.
“So they offered you gold?” he asked with a grin. 
“After seeing this place, I would not tempt the wrath of God.”  He looked for the wolf that had defended him, but the injured creature was wandering into the woods.  “We should help.”  
“Let him have peace,” Avaris suggested.  
“But he’s going to die alone...”
“Then give him mercy and quicken his release.”  
“I would say so for all mankind, but that is not peace!”
“Let’s take the gold to those who can use it, that is why the animal died.”
Grayson watched the wolf move out of sight and his shoulders slumped in defeat.  “There’s no purpose in death any longer.” 

* * * * *

The rural brothers were firing arrows into makeshift targets when the knights crossed the courtyard.  “What happened, did you find anyone?” Edmund wondered.   
“The people here were starving to death,” said Torrin.  “So they broke into the storage of Eucharist bread as a last resort and the ergot mold caused those who ate it to go mad.”
“Others locked themselves in the stables to get away,” Tetricus continued.  “While the rest tried escaping up the road that brought us here.  I need one of you to help me fetch some horses tied to the north while the rest of you pull the carts to the steps of the church.  We found something you should see.”
“What do you mean mad?” asked the boy.  “Were they eating dogs or something?”  

* * * * *

Grayson took a rural brother to find the Bulgar horses without mentioning that insane villagers might still be roaming the forest.  After the carts were brought to the chapel, Edmund stayed outside while Avaris and the attendants dragged out the opulence that once displayed the wealth of traveling pilgrims.  Their scarce supplies allowed one cart to be used for the gold, which was then covered by extra blankets.  Edmund was fishing through the treasure with wide eyes and Torrin let his memories fade in the presence of innocence.
“This could feed a lot of people,” said the boy.  “Why didn’t the priests sell it?”
“People keep relics to remind themselves how close they came to happiness.  For those without souls, the only thing left to horde is money.”
“But they were priests,” Edmund remarked.
“They were men,” Avaris corrected.  “And apparently they were willing to eat moldy bread before sacrificing their gold.”
Tetricus and the attendant returned to the church while riding healthy steeds with more in tow.  The Sergeant seemed impressed by the war-horse stock.  “These Bulgarians took better care of their horses than themselves.  And this is a Scythian breed, unless I’m mistaken.”
“Probably stolen,” said Torrin.  “We should continue on to Sofia and meet with Duncan as planned.  We still need food.”
Edmund laughed.  “I don’t think that’ll be a problem now.”  

* * * * *

They rode until nightfall and sold their extra horses to a farmer who tilled a small patch of land, then they exchanged their tired old work animals for a meal and for permission to set up camp on his property.  Though the weather was doing its best to ruin him, the middle-aged man shook his bony digits and said in Greek that it would be his pleasure to have Templars as guests.  After a meager dinner the attendants went to sleep, each guarding a sack of gaudy valuables, and the others sat drinking beer and staring into the campfire.  
“We could donate some gold to a nearby church to get back into the graces of the Lord,” said Grayson.  “Then we should bury the rest.”  
“You think we are in God’s contempt?” Torrin asked.
“After today I can’t assume divine protection.” 
“Be careful, doubt will break the armor of faith.”  
“If we’re being hunted politically, this gold makes us even bigger targets.  We should bury it until we know if we are surrounded by powerful enemies.”
“God put us in that church...”
Tetricus was moved by the alcohol on his empty stomach.  “And God tempted me to join the Bulgars, yet no complaint from the Heavens could do worse for this place than nature.  We fill hostile lands with rampant overbreeding and blame the earth for not feeding us.  Our trade routes bring amenities along with disease and we do everything in our strength to amplify the destruction already wrought upon us.  Little miracles do nothing to assuage this.”  
Edmund sat with a bundled cloth under his head.  “Where’s your family?  You said some Templars were monks of the caste but that Sergeants could marry.”
“My family isn’t in pain anymore,” said Avaris.
“How did it happen?” 
“My daughter wandered into the woods near our home, and when my wife followed they were attacked by wolves.  My son later caught the sickness of the pox.”  
“Is that why you speak to me as an apprentice, because you miss your son?” asked the orphan.  “Are you going to leave me with the Hospitallers?”
“You can do what you like,” Torrin replied.  “You should have the choice that I never did.”
“Why do you fight for God if he abandoned your family?” 
“This world took them from me because that’s the design, but all spirits have access to the light.”
“I thought religion was the effort of faith,” said the boy, repeating something he had heard.
“Religion is the effort to connect with eternity,” Avaris corrected.  “Even though existence itself is the opposite of God.  Everything here is loss and disconnection, suffering and desire.  I know my family exists in the joyous infinite, my faith is that I can purify myself enough to join them.”
Edmund looked into the fire.  “I hope my family is in Heaven too, but God would have to be lenient because my sister was a brat.”  Torrin smiled as the flames crackled and set loose tiny sparks.  When the clouds passed and provided easy visibility beyond the trees, they saw sparkling constellations crossing the void.  

* * * * *

They were up with the sun on the following day and the Sergeants left with enough gold to trade in Sofia.  They took the supply cart to stock up on necessities, including repairs for wheels that were battered during their travels.  They picked up enough alcohol to substitute for water along with heavily salted meat before stopping at the local chapel.  Without declaring themselves to be from the Order of the Temple of Solomon, they said their prayers and left after donating some gold to an astonished priest.  That night they stayed on the farmer’s property again, relaxing with plenty of food, and another day came and went with the knights worrying about Duncan.  While the young ones practiced archery, coaxing Edmund in the skill, the Sergeants concluded that they would go back into town the next morning to see if the Diocesan priest was amenable to bribery.  

* * * * *

The Templars rode their newfound steeds into the heavily trafficked marketplace, and when they found the priest he thanked them again for their generosity.  He was smart and inquisitive, asking them questions about where they were staying and if they needed lodging.  They told him to watch for another knight similar to them and Torrin hoped that the gold they donated would go to those who needed it.  After they picked up more food and returned to the peaceful farm, they built a fire and settled in.  While the attendants were content with singing, the knights spoke about the attack by the Asasiyuns.  Gold was freedom in many ways but it weighed heavily on their worries, not only due to the danger of human greed but because their Order was mendicant by design.
They were only given the right to handle money because they were seen to be above its material influence, and this dichotomy left them empowered as a military order that developed a bureaucracy of interconnected financial routes across the western world.  Money spread through the veins of their business, offering encoded proof for travelers going from port to port who showed evidence to rural brothers in charge of tracking credit-sheets.  They had created a perfect way of using something as good as money without carrying valuables on distant excursions, yet the resulting profit for strict Templars tested their code of ethics.  Title was given to them originally through a Papal endorsement that stretched the intent of aristocratic donations, but in the end they had no cause without Jerusalem and all the wealth they had accrued meant nothing.  
“Your loyalty is declining,” Edmund observed.  
“Why do you say that?” Avaris wondered.
“Because now you have to travel without the ability to declare that you are Templars.”
“We have no spiritual ground,” Grayson agreed.  “Our purpose was to defend the holy land and allow pilgrims the worship of their prophet.  Without that cause, this money makes us kings of this world and not the next.”
“We are all connected to the feuds of landowners,” said Torrin.  “If we falter it will only be for what we are as men.”
“But what you were no longer exists,” Edmund continued.  “You said that everything lives and dies by the same virtue.”
“It’s true,” said Avaris.  “The Athenians worshipped an eternal virgin as their goddess and protector of a pure society, then the great Macedonian conqueror traveled beyond the libraries of Ionia before visiting the achievements of the Egyptians and the empire of the Persians.  Though he built cities named Alexandria after himself, when he died his generals could not steady the lands and they eventually drifted back to local cultures.  The Greeks saw their ability to take property as evidence of prowess, but they kept that notion insular and not for the foreigners under their rule.  As a result, after they were gone there was no lasting empire, no impression on those left behind.  Alexander’s greatness died with him, and Hellenism only spread west through ancient Greek colonies in southern Italy.  Magna Graecia was influential on the burgeoning Latins who took Greek ideas and molded them with the culturally evolved Etruscans, then they spread their power through the Mediterranean trade routes of Carthage.  
“The Romans were true empire builders, making free men in any occupied land citizens and allowing foreign religions to survive as long as they included the Greco-Roman Pantheon.  They spread Hellenistic tradition through Latin domination, creating a culture that absorbed and changed everything it touched, effectively organizing northern tribes into the dominant nations that struggle today.  Most of those barbarians were never conquered by the Romans, but the structure of the institution in its formality and law united chaotic clans even after the fall of the empire.  The Romans however were originally tribes of oppressed people living in swamplands that bordered two great cultures.  The rational and imaginative Greeks had been declining for centuries, the same as the Etruscans, who were arrogant and lascivious and abused the Latins until they were capable of revolt.  
“Once Rome absorbed the wealth of earth and mind from their neighbors, they prospered and founded themselves on folklore and a story of fratricide when the sons of the god of war, and supposedly the mythological descendents of mighty Spartans, fought over succession.  During the age of the Republic, Gaius Marius helped to establish the connection of the army to whatever leader they were loyal to and the soldiers were paid by the exploits of their political benefactors.  Those generals sought to expand the empire to gain power in the Roman Senate, and this is when their mythology played itself out.  With influential men controlling vast legions fed on newly conquered territories and pillaged foreign lands, and with soldiers no longer beholden to the state or to ideals, these civil wars culminated in Julius Caesar and the end of the Roman Republic.  
“This mistake played out for the rest of their dynastic cycle, pushing the boundaries held by barbarians to gain support for political influence.  It took four hundred years for the empire to stagnate and crumble, but all educated historians agree that a part of this took place due to internal disintegration.”  Torrin took a breath and saw that Edmund was attentive.  “As I always say, societies and individuals fall by what makes them great.”
“Yes, but is the source of those failures in the people or in their minds?” Tetricus pondered.  “Because the mythologies which poisoned them existed before the problems manifested.”  
“The source is the idea,” said Avaris.  “When the foundation is weak, the structure built upon it will eventually crumble, but if the idea is pure then people must remain loyal to it.  That’s the only barrier between justice and the institution.  One is created by God, the other by man.”
“Is that the weakness of the Pope?” Edmund asked.
“That all men have preconceived ideologies and strive first for self preservation rather than the truth?  That was the Templar solution in the beginning, that we held no allegiance to anything but defense.  A military order can be conquered, though, as it has been in the holy land.  People try not to think of their own destruction just as societies let problems fester beyond repair.  If every end is a new beginning then even failure is contained in victory, so perhaps the cycle of rebirth is as inescapable as death.”
“That’s the problem with philosophy,” Grayson interjected with eyelids drooping from exhaustion.  “It always begins and ends with a question.”
“Then don’t think of philosophy in a linear way,” said Torrin.  “When Rome died, the empire was used to spread Christianity through the same framework that once condemned it.”
“But if you’re loyal to an idea,” said Edmund.  “And that is your strength, can’t an idea be forgotten?” 
“Individuals find constant reasons in this world to have faith in God, an answer to the great suffering here, but societies must hope for Messianic balance.  Cultures need to be reminded of their virtue and it is the prophets who achieve this.  God is light in this realm of darkness and we must break it out.”  
Edmund nodded that the lesson made logical sense to him where other perspectives had failed.  “You should get your stories straight, the old and new testaments seem to worship different deities.”
“One is the Demiurge, emissary of Osiris,” said Tetricus.  “He represents the law and rigid punishment and devotion to power.  The other god is Isis, with all her compassion, love, and forgiveness.”
“What changed?” asked the boy.
“It is by sacrifice that we reach divinity,” said Torrin.  “Because when you lose everything and still believe, there can be no doubt.”
“And if you lose everything and doubt God?” 
“At least be glad that you are human, because angels know nothing of the warmth you once had.  Better not to lament, just know that all is temporary and sadness is as fleeting as happiness.”
“Then I won’t forget what I have seen,” said the boy.
“You can only choose to face the darkness,” said Avaris.  “Then you can find your purpose as a being of light.”
“And if I am evil?”
“You will run from God until Oblivion consumes you.”
Edmund thought about it.  “Are demons reborn to destroy the world if prophets are meant to save it?”
Torrin looked into the fire.  “We took oaths to combat tyranny and the illusion of decadence, to promote virtue, yet there are plenty of spirits who are still asleep, basking in false comfort as they harbor demons.  If they awaken, the evil stain is burned away to balance a painful life with Heaven, the joyous infinite where sorrow and loss do not exist as no shadows persist on the sun.”  
“That was probably an intermediate lesson for the boy.”  Grayson looked to the illiterate attendants, since much of what they didn’t understand gave others power just by speaking it.  That was the failure of the Church, they told Edmund, to take the truth spoken by one man and use the population to breed devotion to their institution.  After selling plenary indulgence to support stone fortresses on earth and not palaces of true divinity, the flock had been guided where the aristocrats wanted, and without revolution what little joy would be limited to the kings capable of stealing it from the masses.
“The design of destiny is far more complicated than our selfish wishes,” Avaris noted.
“But it’s difficult to carry faith in an idea.  It’s easier to worship gold,” said Edmund, and the attendants chuckled at the child’s notion of treasure.
Torrin nodded.  “Easiest to have faith in those who pass through the fire without being burned.”  

* * * * *

Avaris opened his eyes to daylight without realizing that he had fallen asleep.  The night was drifting like a dream and his back tightened with sharp needles as he moved his stiff neck.  A thick fog was blocking the sky and early dawn came as a dense glow.  What was left of the campfire moved with a strong wind and he saw a shadow in the distance before the farmer became visible with a lone knight beside him.  Duncan Ariovistes had finished his long journey and appeared as if he had been chewed on by a monster.  
“I saw him in town,” said the kind farmer.  “He was headed for the church when I recognized him as a Crusader.  Let me know if you need anything else.”  
Torrin waited until the landlord was gone, and the pages were stirred from sleep as Duncan looked ready to share his report.  He breathed heavily, trying to put words to what he needed to say.  Grayson rubbed his groggy eyes and said, “Where are the others?” 
“Dead, the ship collecting dispatched Templars has been confiscated along with the rest of our fleet.  Eighteen ships have been –”
“By who?  What happened to the other knights with us when we first landed in Constantinople?  Did you see them at the port?”
“They were attacked by hired killers and went to the port to inform the rest of us,” said Ario.  “I met with Templars who delivered a Papal decree, we are being hunted by Hungarian knights under orders to bring our heads to Budapest.”
“Ordered, by who?” 
“The Arpad Dynasty under decree of Pope Clement the fifth.”  
“What did we do wrong?” asked Tetricus.  “Are we being accused of something?”
“You don’t understand, the Templar Order has been disbanded, dissolved.  We are outlawed by the King of France.”  Duncan jolted the attendants with his news.  “Philip the fourth has started an inquisition against us.”  
“What’s that?” asked Edmund.
“Political cleansing,” Torrin translated.
“We have been charged with a hundred crimes,” Ario continued.  “The Templars in central France were rounded up during the night of Friday the thirteenth, they’ve been arrested and are being tortured as we speak, along with Grand Master Jacques de Molay and his second in command Geoffrey de Charney.  A war without end is brewing between France and England over territory held by the Norman Empire, who took Britain at the Battle of Hastings before becoming the warring hand of the Church in the Crusades as they expanded into the Mediterranean.  Since the Normans believe that they will conquer all of France, the Capetian Dynasty needs money to finance its growing troubles.  Their King decided to rampage the Templar Order for funds and apparently Philip the Fair is even using the Pope against us.”
Grayson scoffed.  “How can he do that?” 
“By killing popes until finding one who would be his puppet.  They kidnapped Boniface the eighth who died in anguish during the ordeal, then Benedict the eleventh was poisoned.  They even moved the capitol of the Church from Italy to Avignon so that the Papacy can be easily controlled.  Philip has sent word to all kingdoms telling local magistrates that they have the official right to retake land donated to the Templars, to seize our wealth and murder any of us found among the population.  We are being hunted, knights everywhere are sinking back into the commoners or hiding among other military orders.”
“But not every king is against us, right?  Where are our strongholds, where is it still safe for us?”
“In Scotland where the nobles are out of favor with the Pope,” Ario replied.  “They seek help in fighting the tyranny of King Edward the first in England.  Knights have also taken refuge in Switzerland, taking our accounting records with them.  The rulers of Spain and Portugal are friendly, as we have always sought to reconquer their lands from Muslims.  Consider our major centers in France to be under Capetian rule, and our ports in Sardinia will fall quickly if they have our naval fleet.  The workers who built our castles along the trade routes to Jerusalem have always respected our values.  The Masons will give us shelter.”
“There’s something we need to show you.”  Avaris went to the loaded cart and removed the blankets to reveal their gold.  “We came upon this in a ghost-town being ransacked by Bulgarian mercenaries.”
“Bury it,” said Duncan.  “It’ll weigh us down and attract attention.  How long have you been here?”
“Two days,” said Tetricus.
“Then someone besides the farmer knows you’re here.  The Hungarians traveled far to collect our skulls and now we’re on their path home.  If we’re being tracked, this gold is more incentive for them to follow.”
“We have to get moving,” Grayson told the rural brothers, who were already collecting the tents and horses.
“This load is too heavy,” said Ario.  “Bury the sacks and bring some gold with our supplies on one cart, we can give the other to the farmer with a bribe to stay quiet.  If we need more money we’ll know where it is, but for now we need to travel light.  The ports are being watched by agents of the Pope and mercenaries are cheap due to the famines of the north.  We will head to where the Danube meets the Tisza, then travel along the Carpathians into southern Thrace.  We can hide in Romania until the arrests are finished and their attention falls back to feudal struggles.”  As Torrin and Tetricus dragged the excess gold off the cart and the attendants started digging, Duncan saw the orphan among them.  “By the grace of God, how did you get here?”
“Stow away,” said the boy.
“You would’ve been safer in Constantinople.  We’ll have to leave you with the farmer.”
“It isn’t your decision.”  Edmund looked for paternal support from Avaris, who was getting their horses ready.
“The boy can do as he likes,” said Torrin.  “The safest place is near your friends.”
“This boy should better judge who he wants to be friends with,” said Ario.
“My name is Edmund,” he corrected.
“Then listen to me, Edmund.  We are attracting flies like the smell of rotting flesh, animals will come to chew on us and you as well if you are near.”
The boy looked to Avaris and repeated his words.  “The safest place is with your friends.”

* * * * *

Torrin detached the cart from all but one horse and started off on the uncut path alone to bring some gold to the farmer.  As he reached the man’s hut, a yell came from inside and Avaris pulled a dagger from his belt.  At the door he saw knights in black metal armor torturing the farmer for the location of the Templar Sergeants.  While his wife screamed from the bedroom of their small wooden hut, he was praying for God to bring him justice before a rush of air came from the doorway.  When a knife landed in the lieutenant’s throat, he ripped it out in shock and blood poured freely from the wound.  
Torrin rushed in with his sword swinging, beheading the leader with a quick slash, and as the farmer broke loose he scrambled for his harvest-tools.  He picked up a sickle and sunk it into the closest knight, cutting his shoulder to the bone.  After the soldier let out a hollow grunt through his helmet and knocked the farmer to the ground, Avaris shoved him through the wooden slats covering the window and he landed outside, punctured by splinters from the decayed building.  The last knight came from the bedroom with a spear, but with an upward thrust Torrin slit him open beneath his armored chest plate and dropped him to the floor, where he breathed his last near the severed head of his lieutenant.  
Avaris opened the bedroom door to check on the farmer’s family.  A pretty wife had once been a blessing, but her beauty became a fault when predators came for blood and she had been penetrated by more than the edged weapons that took her life.  He caught his breath when he saw the children, a little girl and infant child both cut apart without restraint.  The scene of slaughter left him sick with guilt and he could hear the farmer sobbing where he sat by the front door, holding a vicious head wound that drained his blood like a fountain.  Torrin took a knee by the crying man with no consolation to give.
“They offered me a bribe to betray you,” the farmer choked as he pointed to a small sack of coins on the floor.  “When they hurt my family, I told them everything.  My wife?”  
He broke down when he saw the Templar’s expression.  It was the look of someone who had faced the same hell of existence, someone whose heart had been torn by the realization that there was no justice in life.  The good die first and the rest are left to rot.  Avaris waited until the man drifted to sleep and passed away, then he went into the woods and untied his horse from the cart.

* * * * *

Back at camp, the Templars buried the treasure and collected their gear.  The attendants sat in the supply cart with Edmund, keeping bows and quivers within reach and setting up shields to create a barrier around them.  
“If it takes a thousand years, we will make the head of the King of France a relic of ancient tyranny.  Are we ready to move?” Grayson asked after Torrin returned, but everyone fell silent when the sounds of the forest were accompanied by distant voices through the mist.  
While the Sergeants walked beside their Scythian horses and let their pages guide the unwieldy cart, Avaris warned them about the Hungarians.  To avoid drawing attention, they passed north of Sofia and continued towards Belgrade, but in the dissipating fog of the faded path, they eventually came upon three knights blocking the road.  Though they were wealthy, their armor was blackened with soot to lessen the sheen.  
“Since we’ve been tracking you it seems that even the weather is against you,” one of the Hungarians laughed.  “After you left Constantinople your path became obvious, and while you sat on a farm you were being surrounded.  We put men on every road and paid some of the townspeople, even the priest, before we searched the farms in the area.  Our King will gain favor with the Church and the Pope will pay nicely for your heads.”
“Or should we test your Magyar bloodline?” Tetricus goaded.  “Your ranks are divided in this fog.  I see very little between us and freedom.”  
Torrin drove his shoulder into the Hungarian leader’s chest plate, sending them both tumbling into the dirt, then he pulled off the man’s helmet and bashed his skull in.  Grayson cut the nearest horse with his sword until it tripped, crushing the rider underneath, and the attendants dropped behind their wall of shields when bowstrings snapped in the distance and a wave of arrows came whistling in.  Through the hail of wooden shafts, they fired back a barrage while Edmund stayed under cover, listening to the thumping sounds.  
The last Hungarian’s frightened horse was hit by a stray arrow and reared up, kicking Grayson off his feet, and the knight lodged his blade in Duncan’s neck before being punctured numerous times himself.  Avaris pulled the corpse from his ride as the ambushing archers started using burning projectiles and Edmund grabbed a shield when the blankets caught fire near the attendants who were pierced and dying.  Tetricus held his broken ribs as he climbed onto the nearest horse before Torrin mounted the other with Edmund, who blocked incoming arrows in their escape.  

* * * * *

The ride was torture for Grayson, whose internal injuries were aggravated with every step.  It was cold at night after they ducked off the road, but with trackers following they couldn’t build a fire.  The following day they stopped at a trading post south of the Danube.  With food and blankets bought with gold that was going to be the farmer’s bribe, they returned to Grayson, who was losing color and complaining that he could not survive the pain of eating.  Avaris poured water on the fire after cooking their meal, and when he saw Edmund shivering uncontrollably he gave the boy his blanket and watched him fall asleep.  
With forced breath Tetricus changed position and closed his eyes.  “Build a fire for the child.  There’s little sense in being uncomfortable when we’re doomed.”
Torrin listened to the clatter of the child’s teeth, knowing that the Hungarians would travel throughout the night to hunt them.  The castles that once protected their principles were being reclaimed to dismantle the Templar Order with the murder of their leaders, and the thousands of knights who had survived persecution would no longer be able to speak the name of their virtue.  Sinking into his dreams, Avaris was hopeful that death would bring him closer to his family.  

* * * * *

In the morning, they woke up hungry and watered their horses at a river before heading to the road.  After a few miles, Tetricus pulled his animal to a stop.   
Torrin looked back.  “What’s wrong?”
“Where are we going?” Grayson said as he stepped to the ground with a painful groan.    
“We can travel past Belgrade or find a church in Romania –”
Tetricus strained to laugh.  “We are moving towards Hungary, where knights wait to collect our heads.”
“What else can we do?  We don’t have enough money to reach Venice and Constantinople is being guarded.  If we turn back to retrieve the buried gold we’ll be slowly cooked.”
“There is still one choice left, for me at least.”  Grayson let his horse walk away and sat down as if it would be the last time he’d use his legs.  “You two can find a chapel until the storm of the inquisition passes.  Maybe God will grant you compassion and you can return to the treasure to live like royalty.  I have already been damned, however, and a smart man knows when he’s defeated.”
Edmund jumped to the ground.  “But only a coward admits it!”  
“You are young, pride lives bright within you.  Someday you will be humbled by life,” Grayson said with a tone of finality.  “Until then, I will wait here to meet my fate.”
“The enemy will follow this road,” Avaris warned.
“If I can’t eat, whatever they do to me will be quicker than slow stagnation.”  Tetricus smiled at Edmund.  “Honor is the only path to take in life, but it will not bring you peace.  You must choose to fight in the name of virtue because the only real victory is beyond yourself.”
The boy wiped the tears from his eyes and said, “I am fighting.”
“Be patient and pay attention, life is not as complicated as we make it.”  Grayson nodded to his fellow knight.  “It was a pleasure bleeding with you, Torrin, even if I would have preferred to die on a battlefield in Greece.”
“My soul is with my family in Heaven,” Avaris replied.  “When you see them say hello for me.  Your freedom and reward are near.”  
Tetricus waved for the child to leave.  “You were worth knowing, young Edmund.  You will grow to be a warrior for God.”  He held up his hand until the two were out of sight, then closed his eyes to get ready for the end.

* * * * *

Avaris put it out of his mind for the rest of the day, but Edmund was sullen during dinner.  Within the endless forest, he wondered if he should tell the boy that Grayson likely killed himself after they left.  Perhaps the boy was worried and letting an imagination dwell on suffering could be worse than knowing the truth, and as a young warrior his anger would always be a wound sending him headlong into rivers of blood.  Those who followed the correct path were punished the most in life, but the child was a responsibility that Torrin didn’t want.  After all, he couldn’t die in silence if he wasn’t alone.  

* * * * *

He woke with a small hand squeezing his arm and Edmund pointed over the hill.  In a ditch along the foothills of the Carpathians, they peeked over the dirt-mound and saw knights traveling on horseback.  There was a heavy, round cloth bag tied to one of their saddles.  
Edmund readied himself.  “Give me your dagger, we can take them unaware.”  
“We are a malnourished and pathetic army,” Torrin replied.
“I need a weapon if I’m going to be a man.”
“Then use your hate.”
“I don’t hate,” said the child, growing anxious as the procession grew further away.  “I can’t bleed an idea.”
“It can certainly bleed you, like when hubris sends a sleepwalking soldier and a boy to cut down a dozen elite knights.”
“I don’t understand where we’re going.”  
“Have faith that all has meaning.”
The boy scoffed.  “That’s stupid, that’s like jumping off a cliff while saying God will show me the way.”
“The world is meaning and meaningless, making the rise and fall of the infinite tide settle upon little more than whatever mood you might be in.”
“Worship the complicated then, worship love?  Why would you tell me this now?”
“Because we’re headed north, where people are full of folklore,” said Avaris.  
“I’m hungry.”
“I know you are, son.”  Torrin walked towards his horse, not realizing what he’d said.

* * * * *

They followed a burnt forest up the mountain path, riding through narrow passageways between stone cliffs.  The skeletal trees were scattered on hills covered in charred brush and the sky was draped in a perpetual dusk when Avaris drew his fingers along a boulder, revealing the black color as soot.  
“It must have been a bad fire.”
Edmund jumped off his horse.  “Do you smell that?”  
“I doubt we’re lucky enough to find roasted boar...”
“Fortune may be near,” said the exuberant child, who ran towards the aroma like a hunting dog with a scent.  
He was too far to call back without alerting the entire area, so Torrin tied their horses to a tree and followed.  In the distance came the laughing and banter of drunken men who spoke in a foreign language that sounded like they had mouthfuls of food.  With dark hair and protruding Gothic noses, they looked to be a mixture of every tribe along the Danube.  The filthy marauders noticed their visitors and invited them to join the meal, asking the boy questions after handing him a piece of stale bread.  Edmund chewed vigorously without understanding the language, and two men introduced themselves with verbal disputes over who was the leader of a pack that looked like the rejects of a military legion.
“Do you know Greek?” Avaris wondered, but by their gestures it seemed pointless.  
“Yes, I am Milos Obilic.  I travel to Serbia often to trade.  I know four languages, but I use two of them to pick up women.”  He laughed with the others.
“Who are you?” the Templar asked, referring to their war party.  After Milos spoke proudly, Edmund asked for the translation.  “They search for warriors of the Third Age.  He says they are on the trail of the Rebel Serpent.”
“They’re crazy?” the boy concluded.
Torrin asked more questions and Milos spoke with his co captain, Radu.  “They search for Zalmoxis,” he told Edmund.  “They need his blood to protect them from the Goddess.  Dragon’s blood?” 
Milos nodded and handed him a mug that was being passed around.  Their beards were crusted with red but Avaris had assumed that they’d been drinking wine.  “Be careful in this land,” said Milos.  “There are shadows that swallow people alive.”
“What did he say?” asked the boy.
“It’s nonsense,” Torrin replied.  “Faery tales.”
“Yes, be careful of faeries as well,” said Milos, nodding in recognition of the word.  “They connect us with the elements, but some are friendly and some are not.”
“Who are you?” the Templar asked again.
“O quam misericors est Deus,” said the proud Radu, repeating their Latin motto.  “We were created to protect the royal family.”
“We are the Order of the Dragon,” said Milos.  “We search for the Order of Thelema, the Archons of the new way.”
“What did he say?” the boy inquired.
“He said they seek the Order of the Will.”
“We were sent to war against vassals of King Sigismund,” said the Romanian.  “But now is the battle for the coming of the Third Age.  The Archons have arrived to help us return to the Pleroma.”
“You mean humanity?” said Avaris.  “You follow Gnostic philosophy?”
“The Dragon-Goddess hides here, banished from Sumer.  She is the chaos of creation,” said Milos as if the truth encouraged their lascivious behavior.  “Revolution is coming and all of humanity will be reborn.”
“What’s he saying?” the orphan asked.
Torrin shrugged.  “It’s a myth I’ve never heard before.”
“Osiris of the Underworld must unite with her, then Heaven and earth will meet on the horizon.”  
Avaris drank the liquid in the mug and discovered that it wasn’t wine, from the metallic taste he realized quickly that he had taken a few sips of blood.  He almost choked on the thick substance before swallowing it down and the others cheered as he was inducted into their ranks.  
“Praise to the Rebel-Serpent,” said Milos, inducting the new recruit.  “His blood will help us on our quest.”
Torrin coughed.  “Is that what I’m drinking?” 
“It will help you see the truth,” Milos said in respect of the supernatural.  “The Great War will soon be here.”
“Can you translate?” asked the boy.   
“It’s gibberish,” said Avaris.  “They don’t seem to know the difference between real life and fantasy.”  
The group of Romanians had set up a fire to cook a piece of meat.  It was the leg of a large creature, though the texture of the skin appeared to be reptilian.
“What are they fixing?” Edmund wondered.  
“It’s a Zilant, the children of Zalmoxis,” Radu offered.  “The meat is tough but it feels good in the stomach.  Makes you strong.”
“I’m not sure what to tell you,” Torrin translated.  “Meat is meat and I assume you’re starving...”  
Edmund nodded, looking blue from the cold.  The Templar’s vision blurred a little and a reddish tint appeared with an acidic burn behind his eyes.  His body protested his movements like being underwater and something in the drink gave him a desire for more until the cup came around again.  When the taste hit his lips once more, the inebriation of the Romanians began to make sense.  
“What is this liquid?” he asked.
“I told you,” said Milos.  “It is the blood of the dragon.”
“How did you get it?” 
“With much difficulty,” the Romanian answered with a laugh.
“I need some water.”  Torrin stood up and started off towards the sound of a stream.  He turned to reassure Edmund that he would be right back, but the boy held a piece of roasted meat and was peeling back the scaled-skin.
“The demons of this world are finite, but a pure spirit has no end,” Milos said through a mouthful.  “Now you can see.”  
The power of the drink was overwhelming and Avaris almost tripped.  As the laughter of the soldiers stretched into a loud and rolling hum, he found himself on the muddy banks of a river.  The Carpathian peaks came into view and the dawn’s light was trapped by a mist above the trees, funneling to the ground and caressing the earth with ephemeral connection.  At the edge of the flowing water, he dunked his head in, and after taking big gulps of melted snow he discovered that he could see no reflection on the surface.  When the crucifix he wore around his neck caught the sunlight, a lonely spark dangled over the water.  
On the opposite bank, an immaculate white horse stood in the meadow, drinking in delicate peace.  Torrin held his breath to avoid frightening the divine creature that was somehow untarnished by the mud.  His clothes suddenly became new again and his chain-mail was polished to shine as the defective chinks were repaired and the stain of countless enemies marking the impurity of his mantle was restored.  The horse walked away, causing Avaris to react as if his heart was being torn out, and when the grace of the steed grew distant, taking away its magic, he stepped into the river to follow.  
His feet plunged in and he was lucky not to be drowned by the armor that protected him.  He looked back to see if the camp was still in view, but the water traveled into an ocean without end.  With the absence of the pale horse, Torrin left his thoughts of the world to follow the hoof prints that repaired themselves, erasing the tracks of the animal as if to protect it.  He searched the vibrant meadow, a careless world with bright flowers swaying and leaves touching each other like thoughtful lovers.  Moss crawled over rocks and trees with white petals blooming beside yellow orchids, filling the air with glowing dander.  He felt unseen hands touch his face with subtle compassion and beneath his armor he could feel the sensation of feminine fingertips.  
After the trail disappeared and he found himself hurrying towards nowhere, he chastised himself for being taken in by the beauty of the garden.  There came the sound of someone weeping and he saw a young woman sitting on a rock.  Her sobbing seemed like an echo and she was naked except for loose white fabric that floated above her skin.  Fallen petals circled her, rising off the lichen on an invisible current and making Avaris forget about the horse.  Her head was low, letting tears drop onto perfect linen where they flared red before fading.  He took a knee in the soft grass beside her and asked, “Why are you crying?”  
Her eyes were deep with a tempest inside, and when he tried to see her face she turned away to avoid him.  As her next teardrop fell, he put out his hand and caught the burning sizzle on his palm.  She seemed regretful that her sorrow had affected him and touched the wetness in his hand, spreading it over his cheeks and drawing false tears from his eyes to his chin.  Torrin bit back the searing pain while she performed the ritual, but when it was over she pulled him in for a kiss and he felt the sting subside.  She leaned back with a look of pride, recognizing their connection as a reason to speak to him.  Her sadness had kept her in the physical realm, so she rediscovered her infinite heart with a coy nod that showed him the innocence of her youth.  She regained her permanent state by his lips and seemed slightly ashamed to have stolen something important from him.  
The sudden agony was a jolt that charged him with adrenaline and he was awakened from the illusion that the meadow was somehow free of pain.  He smiled and let his memory wander on the kiss, and though it was brief he found himself wanting more.  He said with a voice that seemed distant even to him, “You’re an angel,” but she looked away and her torment began again.  She started losing the depths of her wondrous eyes and he was filled with a fear that entered through his weakness for her.  “Why are you so unhappy?” he wondered.
She gave him a look that stole time and he was lost in her eyes of unearthly wisdom.  “You do not know the truth...”
“Of what?” he pleaded.  “Who has hurt you?” 
She turned away, not able to maintain his stare.  “Why did you leave me?”
“I’ve never been here before,” he said.  “Please tell me why you’re crying.”  She shook her head with little movement other than the lines of silken water falling from her eyes.  He looked around and everything beyond the serene meadow was changing into swampland.  “Don’t you see how I look at you?” 
She brightened a little, regarding the moment as ancient history.  “I did.”
“I am a warrior of God.”
She frowned, mocking him.  “Whose soul do you protect while your family waits for you in hell?”
He went rigid, stabbed to the core.  “I control vast armies,” he replied.  “They wait for my slightest wish.  I can will the earth to move and the rain to stop.”
She scoffed at his pathetic boasting.  “You are not God.”  
“And you are not a thing of hell.”  
She stared into his chest and he realized that she was looking at his crucifix.  “Yet the darkness is always close.”
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“You feel the sway of infinite things and give no notice.  The earth breathes beneath you, but you do not listen.  You are only a man and you forget so easily the difference between Heaven and hell.”
“Then who exists to remind me?” he asked, and she lifted her soggy eyes.
“I’m a Dryad,” she revealed.
“What’s your name?” 
“Sanziana.”
“And why do you cry?” he asked in solemn regard.
“Because flowers wilt and you pray to nothing.”  
Her disillusion was darker than he could know, but Avaris tried again.  “Butterflies die and stay beautiful.”
“Yet they do not fly anymore, do they?” she protested.  
“True beauty is permanent.  All the elements only briefly display that which cannot die.  Though all else is poisoned, evil has no dominion over goodness.”
“How much wisdom is there in a single life?” the Dryad mocked him.  “There are demons surrounding you, not the armies of your dreams.  While all else is broken, you have to remain one.  Only this can save you, and it isn’t faith.”  She pointed to his chest, moving the crucifix out of the way.  “This is your pathway through time.”
“My soul?” asked the knight.  Milos had mentioned something about evil faeries before and Torrin thought that perhaps she was trying to steal something precious from him.
“All else has boundaries.” 
“If your home is the source then why do you lament?”
“Angels do not feel, they cannot touch or love,” she said.
“Then what is there to wake us from this illusion?”
“The knowledge of yourselves,” Sanziana replied.  “And this is why I cry.”
“Because when men see you they only remember this world?”
“You were the first to ever see me,” she said.  “I try to replenish the land but my sisters burn it without restraint.”
“You’re not a finite being or a timeless entity,” Torrin surmised.  “You’re a spirit between worlds and even you need a guide, so how can I help?”
Sanziana smiled, appreciating his ability to see through her language.  “You only have one protection and it’s your innocence,” she said of his material comprehension.  
“Then where are the angels?” he asked her.
“Protecting children who walk between worlds, helping the sick and those in combat, healing broken hearts and enlightening the minds of intellectuals.  Some deliver the forgotten to Lucifer as they travel through the Underworld.”
“But Satan doesn’t exist,” said Avaris.  “There is no god of destruction.”
“Then you don’t believe what you see?” Sanziana pointed to the slow dissolution of the beautiful garden as the decay grew closer.  “The emptiness of death, the hunger and the pain?”
“All else has boundaries, but not the soul,” he repeated her words.  “Time is a limitation so there is no time, that’s an illusion.”  He watched the Dryad’s reaction and a small plot of lush greenery stayed, stopping the slow disintegration around them.  Flowers grew along the desolate landscape, reanimating the parched trees with budding leaves.  “Innocence is lost with the knowledge of death.”
“Go on,” she coaxed as if she wasn’t responsible for what was happening.  
“Everything changes,” he told the forest spirit.  “But life isn’t what it seems.  The boundaries remain, you remain, always unappreciated, so you created an illusion for the one who could see you.”
“I cry because I must ask you for help,” she said.  “I need it from the one person I’ve met with a boundless soul and it’s the only thing I cannot ask for now.”
“If you are bound by a spell, then where are your sisters?”
“I told you, the demons surround us,” she said, and he watched the replenished land reform a breathtaking meadow.  
“You need blood,” he guessed.  “All living things are connected by blood.”
“There is far more sacrifice in a kiss.  It is humanity that builds the chains that keep us locked because you forget that we are here.”
Torrin was still confounded.  “You cannot take from me what you must?  If you have both attributes to live between worlds, freedom and boundary, this would mean that you also have illusion, so maybe the chains aren’t real.”
Sanziana smiled as the weight was lifted from her.  “When you see the world as it is, then I will be free.  Follow my sisters to the source.”
“How will you taste my innocence?” he continued.
“You must only remember our kiss, because the heart of your sin rests in my eyes.”  
She pointed towards his destiny and Avaris saw hoof prints reappear in the mossy carpet.  Sanziana disappeared, an apparition who faded with the sadness she had brought and he found himself where he started, on a path towards a divine animal he could not catch.  He let his mind wander over the enigmatic things the Dryad said and started to doubt that he had spoken to a forest spirit at all.  He walked through the meadow, believing that the fantasy would pull back to reveal a dark illusion underneath.  The idea of her was drifting, so he pulled his dagger and cut his hand to mimic the pain her tears had rendered.  Closing his fist around the blood, he looked back to see if she was there, but while the area bloomed with beauty it gave no indication of her presence.  
Coming into contact with her had been painful, yet it was the only substantial experience of his life.  The more he thought about her the less he could decipher what she wanted, and he couldn’t care less about the pale horse anymore.  Since she had begged for his assistance and then disappeared without hesitation, he had nothing left to focus on but his failure.  Before her redemption he had been killing the enemies of God, but the Crusade was a war over land and not spiritual domain.  The Grail was a fountain of belief created by a poet and the Templars had to proceed without the same principles that created them, since the blood of the savior was given in death and not victory, and certainly not by men who favored the idea that they were somehow greater than the truth.

* * * * *

After leaving the Dryad, the land started reverting to its natural state.  The withering greenery aged quickly and drying moss pulled back from the rocks, and soon the dead leaves cracking beneath Torrin’s feet were replaced by a fine sand that caught the wind.  Through the obstruction came an attractive noise, which he followed in the hope of seeing Sanziana again.  He crossed the barren land between petrified pine trees and heard female voices singing at the edge of a thriving woodland.  When he caught sight of the sisters of the Dryad, he knew that Sanziana must have been benevolent.  
The elemental faeries were related to the water nymph, but while Sanziana the Dryad had appeared weightless and brought new life, her sisters had hair that rose like flames and spread annihilation.  With skin that was orange-yellow like the sun and naked bodies glowing as if torches were lit inside, the sisters held out their hands and stepped into the vibrant forest, dropping liquid flames into the underbrush in their wake and burning the leaves in a rising inferno with their repetitious song, “Ruxanda, Tiranda, Dumernica!”  Avaris thought about the lightning strike that had likely ignited the blaze in his world, but he was becoming less concerned with what existed outside his perception when he felt the intense heat upon his face.
He stumbled over fallen trees as they drenched the area in the chaos of natural disaster, and he had to shelter his exposed skin when their long hair coiled like snakes and struck him with a harsh sting.  His chain mail grew hot with icy numbness before he jumped through a bush of briars and thorns and the prickly ends of the shrub tore at him, ripping his clothes as he passed through.  He tripped into the open on a steep path with a thousand slices on his flesh.  The aching burns blackened his clothes and smoke lifted from his armor as Torrin looked down the mountain in the snowy weather.  
Surrounded by rows of impaled warriors, he walked uphill past bodies dressed in red Roman capes and the Norman and Seljuk attire of the Crusades, all poked through and suspended upright.  Some were lifted by pikes shoved under their jaws, but others had been punctured between their legs.  He scanned the men’s faces until he found a head on a stick that caught his attention.  Near Turks with cotton coverings for desert travel, the blood-caked knight bore resemblance to someone he had known.  
Avaris pushed aside the hair, and though the dead warrior’s face was bloated, his sharp Nordic features were still recognizable.  He didn’t know if he should call the man by name when the eyes opened and it tried to form words through the gasping decay of its lips.  The pupils rolled and Torrin felt invisible fingers gripping his windpipe, sucking the breath from him while he backed away from the outstretched hands of other dead soldiers coming awake to steal his life.  With his vitality being drained by the bony hands of the restless spirits who cursed their violent fates, he broke from the impaled phantoms that freed themselves from their pikes and walked towards him on wobbly legs.  
They came shuffling forward, trapping him with only one possible escape, so he ran uphill hacking through the marching corpses that were trying to absorb his essence.  On the mountaintop was an old castle worn by weather’s torment with an inviting light coming from within, and once inside he shut the heavy doors to lock away the awkward undead.  With the large log in place across the entrance, he faced the crumbling halls of a forgotten palace.  He walked on a carpet as thick as sheep and was glad to get out of the biting cold as he entered a main hall lined with armor from cultures he didn’t recognize.
Beyond purple curtains that draped the curved staircase near tapestries depicting ancient battles, a soothing woman’s voice echoed, “Come and speak with me, good knight.  And put away your sword, you won’t need it here.”  Avaris did as he was told after noticing that his dirty footprints disappeared into the carpet behind him.  He went through hanging red curtains that appeared like open lips and couldn’t help but feel like he was being watched by the suits of armor on silent display.  In the elaborate room designed like a Roman villa, there were hanging plants near a fountain in the corner that sent cool water traveling through a trough in the tiled floor.  
The dangling fabric parted around a woman waiting on a backless couch.  Dressed in gold-trim robes that clung to her breasts, her jewelry of polished stones amplified her beauty, and beside her was a table with a single cup upon it.  
“You will have no more trouble from the Moroi,” she said, gesturing for him to sit.  
“The Moroi?”
“They could have stolen your life, but it would not have delivered their fate.”
“I should thank you for this sanctuary,” he said.  “But I assume there are only two possibilities for it.”  
She looked as if she might be Egyptian, with long features beset by inviting oval eyes.  “Tell me...”
Torrin stood before the woman whose physical youth betrayed her ancient soul and said, “Either the undead keep you trapped here –”
“And the other possibility?” she inquired.
“The Moroi work for you and purposefully drove me here.”
She smiled.  “I was a Queen once.  If I wanted you it would only take a snap of my fingers, and the Moroi do not work for me, they were already dead when they put themselves on display.”
He thought about the severed head.  “They impaled themselves?”
She motioned again for him to sit.  “There would be no sanctuary without a terrible world outside.  Choice is what makes you special, but I did not coax you here.”
Still weary of the illusion, he said politely, “I wouldn’t want to get dirt on your nice things.”
“There is no lasting stain that spoils, but if it vexes you...”  She put her hands out and he hesitated.  “Tell me what brings you here, Crusader.”
Avaris swallowed his distrust and stepped forward, letting her soft hands grip his sides with tender strength.  “I had no reflection when I awoke,” he said.  “And I saw a white horse.”  
“Your reflection became the horse,” she declared, holding him in place to study his eyes.  “The majestic creature is you.”
“I met a Dryad who was crying about her chains.”
The Queen rolled her eyes.  “Sanziana is always lamenting her place, but if she wanted to reside over a land of green shade she should’ve chosen the Isle of Eire.  Then she would’ve had to contend with rain deities, and they are far more torrential than the faeries of flame.”
“Sanziana tries to exist in a desperate place,” he said.  “She doesn’t belong there.”
The Queen lifted his chain-mail and put her hands on his charred clothes and darkened skin.  “You found her sisters, didn’t you?  Did they burn you with their mindless work?  Beautiful women attract men like moths to a flame, like soldiers of God who fly with such daring against the very one you admit to serving and then wonder why your wings melt.”
Torrin tried to ignore her gentle fingers upon him.  “Did you build this place or do you just inhabit it?”
“Such literalists,” said the Queen.  “Did you think the Underworld existed within a cave?”  She called his attention to his thorn-slashes as the wounds closed themselves and he wiped off the small amount of blood left behind.  “This is no Crusader’s honor at all, it should shine.”  She leaned back after touching his mantle and the burnt layer lifted in a fine cloud.  “You believe that I’m casting a spell.”
“You’re not an elemental like the others,” he observed.
“It’s true.”
“So you’re a Queen?”
“Yes,” she said, sitting upright in regal pose.  She offered him a seat beside her and handed him a cup of red wine.  “But in the hierarchy of demigods, I am not the wind.”
“A Queen without a King,” he nodded and sat.
“I chose this castle to imitate your world.  This is where the tide of Roman occupation pulled back.  No one can rule the mountains, after all, not even with empires.”
He sipped her wine.  “You could choose anything?”
“Yes.”
“But you cannot rule the mountains,” he repeated her words.  “Your King is your dominion, so maybe you’re a shape shifter and not a nymph.”
“What can a single lifetime teach a mortal?” she asked, smiling in comical warmth.
“To mistrust all but your own heart,” he replied.  “You lured those warriors to be your protectors.”
“I did not lie, they were already dead.”
Avaris tried to go deeper into her illusion.  “And you didn’t choose to be here, you’re in exile.  These mountains are your sanctuary.”  
“These are difficult times,” said the Queen.  “A lot of spirits are in exile.”
“If you don’t need protection, then you must be protecting something.”  He took another sip, and after he drained the glass he noticed that it was still full.
She invited him with an advancing gaze, leaning forward on her knees as she gave him attentive care.  “Isn’t an endless cup the wish of all warriors home from battle?”
“Who do you protect then?” the knight continued.  “As the mountain dominates a region, you use the mountain, but who are you protecting?”
“I’m a Queen without a King, and you have gone so long without feeling like a man.”  She kissed his cheek while he kept his eyes averted.  “You’ve chosen to live without love, but I can remind you what’s real.”
“What’s real,” he said, thinking about the slow disease of his son’s death.  “You don’t live by such things.”
She pushed closer and he could see down the robes hanging from her shoulders.  “I’m still a woman, am I not?  Drink some more.”
Torrin did as she commanded.  “This is better than dragon’s blood.”
“Yes, blood is how you see this world.  Wicked blood for wicked sight.  You were lucky that the Goddess is kind or else you would have gotten a taste of Rebel’s Light.”
“The Rebel to the Goddess, whom you protect,” he said, and when she touched his lips he was lost in the fantasy.  “You’re still a woman and I am the horse.”
“Yes, the pale rider of the Third Age.  We do as we must and now you must stay with me.  I am Padurii Stryx,” the Queen whispered her name.  “And you should question how much freedom you really have.  Drink up.”
He lifted the cup and saw his reflection.  “Angels cannot touch this world,” he said, remembering Sanziana and how he stood in the meadow on four legs, hooves sunk into thick moss while she wept.  “You’re a woman,” he said, looking the Queen in the face.  “You’re a witch.”
“The Rebel-Serpent has eaten your friends,” she said with a smirk.  “You have nothing left in the world to make it real.  If you stay here, the Goddess will rule over all.”
Avaris was annoyed by her hand on him, and when he grabbed it she hissed in protest, apparently burned when he touched her bare skin.  “It’s your spell,” he said as he stood up, seeing the dried blood on his hand from the thorn-bush that had scratched him.  “Righteous blood hurts you.  The Moroi are your protectors, aren’t they?” 
“Not all of them,” she said, suddenly full of mortal fear.
Despite the fog of his mind, he threw the wine cup to the floor.  “You wish to trap me here.”
“Elementals are not interested in anything but themselves, they do not hate or deceive,” she said.  “I on the other hand must survive, like you.”
“Your master is the Goddess?”
“Yes.”
“Who is she?”
“The chaos of original creation,” answered the witch.  “Or so she has been called.  Chaos is deceptively powerful, but in truth it is merely the will of gods beyond your understanding.  The only real chaos is the work of the Trickster or a product of the free will in mortals, a gift your species laments too often and misuses quite frequently.”
“You think I’m a warrior of the Third Age, that’s why your minions pushed me here.”
Padurii Stryx leaned forward as she attempted a distracting spell.  “You are the horse, proud knight.  You can return to the First Eon at will and experience a place of purity and silence.  What if you never left the river?”
“I didn’t leave the river,” Avaris repeated.  “But my reflection did.  It’s what you sought to take from me.”  He drew his sword and toppled the table.  “You want to keep me from a war that I have nothing to do with.”
“You are a Crusader, you’re here to save the world,” she said, her skin still smoking from his touch.  “But you don’t even know that you’re a guardian.”  She started to move towards the great hall until he lifted his sword to her throat.  “Virtue and vice have eternal sources,” she said.  “Archons bring us the light while the Asuras obstruct it.  These are pathways through time, choices to be made.”
“But I get to choose, it’s my freedom,” said the knight.  “Not a spell.”
Padurii Stryx closed her eyes and tried to force relaxation upon him.  “Some choices are more important than your self serving will.”
“Keep your magic, witch.”  Avaris was close to striking her down when he heard clanking metal behind him.
“You lost touch with God long ago,” she said with a cackle in her gutteral voice, her giggle no longer echoing the delicate charm of a young woman.  “And the war surrounds you whether you see it or not.”
The inanimate suits of armor stepped from their display in the hall to protect the Stryx, and when one threw a battle axe that parted the curtains, Torrin raised the broad end of his sword to deflect it.  After the witch opened her mouth with a cacophonous scream and hurried past her minions, he struggled through the pain of her sonic defense, afraid that she would reach the door and be lost among her undead army.  He swung at the first hollow metal soldier to stand in his way and his sword passed through the hip and thigh plates without doing any damage.  When the empty armor attacked him with a mace, Avaris ducked and the soldier behind him was struck, broken into pieces that crumpled to the floor.  He knocked the mace wielder’s helmet loose from the rest of the body, then turned his attention to the witch.
As Padurii Stryx reached the entrance and moved the wooden locking-post with a slight gesture, Torrin crashed through her animated soldiers and collapsed her last defenders.  She swung the castle doors wide open and landed face-first in the dirt, letting out a screech with his blade shoved through her back, impaled like all the men she had lured to her mountain since the age of Rome to display as trophies and drain their spirits.  After centuries under her spell, the land began changing to its original state.  
The forest was still covered by snow when he pulled his weapon from the witch’s back, but he was hit by sudden warmth and was standing at the river’s edge, looking across the shallow water at himself on the opposite side.  The knight was looking at his own reflection in the river, rubbing his eyes as the experience of the faeries drifted like a dream.  He carried the impression of a white horse in his mind, but his chain-mail was still sullied from his years as Templar Sergeant.  The witch’s illusion faded when he thought about the feminine spirits, even if her black blood was still wet on his blade.  His mind was trying to convince him to discard what was irrational but the Queen’s life force was a blunt reminder of her power, which had been severely limited by the energy she gave to protect the Goddess.  
Avaris was walking back to camp, hoping to gain more information from the Order of the Dragon, when he came upon the scene of a vicious attack.  Where the Romanians once congregated, the fire had been trampled and claws marked the ground as if something monstrous had ambushed them, knocking over trees and leaving puddles of blood in its wake.  The broken reigns of their missing horses were still tied to the branches, but there were no signs of slaughter or pieces of the dead as if they had been carried away or eaten on the spot.  Worried about Edmund, Torrin ran to the boy’s shield and turned it over to discover the child’s shirt ripped along the side and a trail of red leading into the frigid forest.  
Padurii Stryx told him that something had eaten his friends, so Avaris gripped the discarded shield and walked into the torched wasteland.  Upon entering a land untouched by the faeries of flame, the path led down into a valley between mountain peaks, and due to constant rivers from melting snow the region was bright green.  He followed the trail until it disappeared near a solid rock wall, leaving him lost in a foreign land.  He let out an angry yell at the Titans of the Carpathian mountains and was close to giving up when a noise returned from the mouth of the cave.  A mound of reddish hair stood up on two legs from a seated position and the giant was almost twice as tall as the knight, with an ape like face and intelligent eyes below a protruding brow line.  As it came towards the knight with bounding steps, Torrin shifted his sword out of sight.  The creature put its hand over its mouth to indicate that he should stay quiet, then it smelled Edmund’s shirt and with compassionate eyes seemed to understand that the missing child belonged to him.  
It lifted a long finger in the correct direction, so Avaris continued on, leaving the beast behind.  Before long he heard a pack of wolves calling out in the distance and saw movement high in the canopy.  Near falling leaves, a long tail swayed back and forth as a large creature descended with claws digging into the bark, and Torrin barely raised his shield before the giant reptile slammed into him.  With big yellow eyes, the black-scaled lizard was shining in the dull light of the woodland when it shifted with serpentine movement, showing spikes that ran down its back and jaws lined with crocodile teeth.  Avaris had come upon the monster that stomped through the Romanian campsite, but there were also countless pairs of red eyes dotting the foliage where camouflaged lizards waited, the smaller offspring of the four legged Serpent.  
The creature noticed the boy’s shirt and its rough lips pulled back in a smile as a voice entered Torrin’s mind, a rumbling mimic of human language.  “Why do you follow me?  Did you own the boy?”  
Avaris remembered what the witch had said.  “You’re the Rebel to the Mother-Goddess...”
Zalmoxis was surprised by the acumen of the insect.  “Who do you serve that would know such a thing when every man considers himself a god?  Answer quick or I will allow my children to feed upon you.”  After the cold-blooded reptile shook its head and sent a wave rolling down its back, the offspring lizards called out with hollow tones.  Though they were still immature, each was big enough to swallow a human.
“You are Zalmoxis.”
The Serpent nodded.  “And you are a warrior for the Order of Thelema.”  
“I am not,” replied the Crusader, quickly becoming a mouse surrounded by lions.
Zalmoxis looked around for the presence of danger.  “Of course you wouldn’t follow me alone, would you?  Where are the others?”
“You fear the warriors of the Third Age?” Torrin asked, realizing the power of an Order that was capable of inducing fright in such a creature.
“Before you become a snack for wolves, I should tell you that your horses were a filling meal after the Romanians but your child was a pathetic dessert.  I was so hungry I forgot to chew and it was an effort to swallow his skull.”  
Zalmoxis laughed as its minions closed in, but when Avaris pulled his sword, the reptiles shrieked.  
“I am the archangel and the beast, born from the Void lusting for power,” said the angry Templar.  “I am the guardian of worlds beyond your imagination, and for your evil I promise that I will bathe in your blood before I die.”
“Witches are servants to the Mother-Goddess and her connection to the earth, how did you come across their poisoned blood?”
“I killed Padurii Stryx.” 
The giant lizard appeared thankful for the ignorance of the mortal.  “Then you have helped me in my war and I will give homage to you in the Underworld.  Since her vengeance is the wrath of God, no Archon would commit such an act against Isis.”  
The wind whistled as a volley of arrows sailed through the trees and when Zalmoxis was hit its scales burned away.  While large boulders rolled by, leaving heavy dents in the earth, the offspring crawled over the Serpent to block it from incoming missiles.  Torrin was using his shield against the chaos when he was grabbed from behind and went sliding downhill on a layer of leaves.  Once he came to a stop, he saw a young woman with short black hair shrouding her eyes.  She was small and beautiful with the stare of a warrior as she urged him forward.  
She was clearly a part of some highly organized attack on Zalmoxis, so Avaris followed her to a group of archers dressed like forest-dwellers in the skins of reindeer, all dipping their arrowheads in buckets of oil before firing.  Among them were hairy giants like the one he met by the cave, holding ropes that circled huge rocks to hurl them through the air.  Soon the spotter at the top of the hill reported that the monsters had escaped and the warriors looked disheartened.  
The woman squeezed Torrin’s shoulder reassuringly.  “It’s not your fault.”
“Our ambush was set further down the trail,” said their tall leader.  “You hindered a well-planned attack.”
“Ignore Armozel,” she said.  “He was hoping to end the war before it started.  I am Illeana, daughter of Sisnero Varsala, the master of the Order of Thelema.”
“You must be the warriors of the Third Age,” said Avaris. 
“Yet I’m the only realistic one of the bunch,” she replied.  “I knew this was going to fail before it happened.  So how do you know about the Third Age?”
“Romanian soldiers gave me a drink of strange madness.”  
“Dragon’s blood,” she said, sharing a glance with Armozel.  Illeana nodded in the direction of Zalmoxis’ retreat.  “And now that you’ve met the source, I guess you should be told the truth.”
“That this is all a dream?” Torrin guessed.  “Or perhaps I am dead...”
“What you’ve seen is as real as the blood on your sword, but dreams, memory, and madness are all the Rebel’s Light.  One creature’s life force kills another, though it is rare to come upon witch’s blood, the only thing that will hurt the Serpent.”  She referred to his stained sword and the buckets for dipping their arrowheads.  “The blood of Zalmoxis can kill the Mother Goddess Isis, but it can also inebriate a human until your perception folds upon the Otherworld.  This is Armozel, our leader.”  Illeana nodded to the warrior ordering everyone back to camp while the giants lumbered around them, packing up the heavy stones of their arsenal.  “The strong one is Zurvan and the young one is Horus.  He has an eagle eye.”  She nodded to the man with a quiver of arrows on his back.  “The pretty lady is Iviica Rajic, my cousin.”  The woman moved blonde locks of hair from her eyes and smiled cordially.  “We are what you would call Archons for the Order of Thelema, the Order of the Will.”
“You think he’s a Godsend,” said Armozel, noticing Illeana’s interest in the knight.  “He’s just human.”
She rolled her eyes as he walked away.  “Humans are children of the elementals and are therefore closer to divinity than you realize.  It may be overlooked by some, but to be underestimated in every war you fight is one incredible advantage.”
“Don’t get too attached,” her brother warned.  “Mortals don’t survive for long here.  Physical existence is on the edge of the abyss, where all things collide.”  
“Don’t let him throw your confidence,” Horus told the Crusader.  “Your kind just doesn’t last long in the real world and we’re dancing on the precipice of war.”
“What war?” Avaris wondered. 
“The war,” said the quiet-mannered Zurvan, a man big enough to wrestle the hairy giants.  “To bring about the next cycle of this world.”
“Your time isn’t as limited as you think.  Other realms are afflicted,” said Illeana.  “We’re the Archons of your species and in this world the smallest element can change your destiny.”   
“This coming from dragon hunters,” Torrin replied.  “The Romanians said the war is between Zalmoxis and the Goddess.”
“The Mother-Goddess Isis traveled here from Sumer,” said Armozel.  “She is one of the oldest emanations.”
Illeana walked with the knight at the rear of the group as they moved through a dry riverbed.  The hairy bipeds lugged their throwing rocks in a different direction.  “Where are they headed?” Avaris inquired.
“The Jidovi and Novaci breeds are helpful to our cause, but they are not our servants.  They fight to save this realm as we do, then they go back to their caves.”
“I met one who pointed me in this direction.”
“That was Urias,” she said.  “God allowed humans to become kings of this world and to dominate all creatures.  Your gift of will is a result of the Apeiron, the undivided principle, but your lives are ruled primarily by elementals.  Demigods like Isis have been exiled by the dying god, Osiris of the Underworld, who has ruled the Second Age and is currently in power.  He is the descendant of the Void itself, forcing self sacrifice and submission upon everything in this realm.  The Second Age is the one we live in, with man worshipping himself by creating politics out of the paradigm of his war machine and putting himself in charge of the resulting civilizations with patriarchal systems that ignore the spiritual world for materialism.  
“The First Age was when Isis ruled, she was the Queen of pagan worship who connected all humans to mother nature, nourishing them as they spread across the earth.  Man was not evil then, because tribes don’t morally malfunction like people lost in uncontrolled societies.  Man’s power actually complimented the feminine nurturing of the species and all that you achieved as destroyers was focused on protecting your home.  You killed off other beasts in your rise as a being of light, but the Age of Woman was balanced because it was connected to the cycles of the planet, which Isis resided over.  All Archons and the ancestors of every human alive today flourished during that First Age.”
“What is the highest being?” Torrin wondered.  “What is the Oversoul?”
“The Monad, the primary essence of all things,” she answered.  “The Monad was grace, silence, and peace during the First Eon which continues to illuminate all with its energy.”
“The Pleroma.”
“Yes, the light,” she continued.  “The Second Eon is now, in the duality of the design with opposites in confliction, like power and love, man and woman, emptiness and substance, form and chaos.”
“And this war?” asked the knight.
“The Third Age of humanity is the Age of the Child, a time of rebirth,” Illeana revealed.  “The resurgence of Isis is the time when mankind is rebalanced through individual freedom, which is why we are the Order of the Will.  Man has served the Demiurge by giving blood in war, feeding countless spirits into the Void, but the coming age is one of wisdom to rediscover the will of the true God.  Heaven and earth must be united for there to be harmony.” 
“Then what is Zalmoxis?” 
“After Isis escaped from Sumer, the dark son of Osiris, Arca Anjety, began hunting her endlessly to no avail.  In the Carpathians her exile has disturbed the Otherworld and from a lower realm the Serpent-god Zalmoxis seeks to destroy Isis so that he can rule the Third Age himself.”
“Nothing immortal ever dies, they just come in and out of power, so the Mother-Goddess must be absorbed back into God,” Avaris recounted.  “If you kill the Rebel and use his blood to destroy Isis –”
“Her defeat will release the Pleroma to balance the new age.  If we don’t, Arca Anjety will trap her in the Underworld to keep humanity under the law of the Demiurge.”
“So where do I fit in?” asked the Templar.  
“It is arrogance in men who mislead each other into worshipping Osiris,” Armozel replied.  “You seek to put your limitations on the Monad with your ego, since your shadow seeks to feed the darkness.  Your spirit serves the light, but divinity rests most in Archons who live as ambassadors to transition the way archangels guide your blind species towards the upper realms.”
“And the lower realms?”
Iviica Rajic gave a look over her shoulder, proud but light hearted.  “Man is connected to them by nature, it is only your respect for women that determines your capacity to know the will of the true God.  Ironic, considering the disrespect your institutions have given females.”
“Very little evil can exist in this realm,” Armozel continued.  “Law rules over all by design and the pattern limits chaos.  There are few men put in such a place of power as to invite the Asuras, eternal beings of malice the way Archons are eternal beings of virtue.  They take control of people when normal spirits invite them in by breaking their connection to the light, and in the case of absolute tyranny, genocide is born.”
“Then what is hell?” Torrin asked.
“Hell is detachment from the source,” said Iviica.  “Hell is for spirits who choose not to return to the Pleroma.  They stay in this world with no allegiance but to their impulses, which limits their capacity for either good or evil, except when they are put in position to rule an empire.  It is of little consequence beyond your species, because every essence is eventually balanced by the justice of the one true will.  In this life or the next, purification is agony, but it is also absolute.  All things return to the source.” 
“But not without complaint,” said Horus.  “Even the Mother Goddess had her contempt when the First Age ended and she tried to maintain power by creating monsters to help the demigods battle Osiris.  She even demanded worship from mankind since the sacrificial delivery of blood is a creative ritual like menstruation.”
“Does that mean there is power in a woman’s essence and love in a man’s?” Avaris surmised.  
Illeana looked at him curiously, though her brother disliked her infatuation with the temporal creature.  “You are an exceptional being,” she said.  “Love is a connection to the Pleroma which sustains a sense of virtue in men, allowing protection from the guardians.”
“Don’t even joke about such things,” Armozel warned.
“He managed to kill Padurii Stryx and survived a meeting with Zalmoxis,” Zurvan reminded their leader.  “This human is obviously blessed.”
“So the laws of nature were created by separation from the source,” said the knight.  “And unity with the light delivers back the oneness of freedom.”
“Enlightenment, the ultimate experience of individuality,” Illeana told him.  “Only the most powerful prophets attain this and their sense of justice is codified in the religions of civilized man, a redemptive force to your corrupted species.”
Horus spotted their camp in the distance.  “We’re almost there.”
“After Isis is killed and the Pleroma is released, Osiris will not go easily,” Armozel lamented.  “There will be great wars to come, for gods and man.  If the First Age ended with the Mother-Goddess creating all the wicked and unnatural evils that haunt this realm, then the ruler of the Underworld should not be underestimated.”
“Your worry is for another day, cousin,” Iviica said as they climbed over fallen logs.  “Let us survive this war first.”
Horus gave Avaris a comical glance.  “Better cast your spells now, the human can be our bait in the next trap.  Oh not this again, little pests!” 
The Archons found their tents being invaded and started chasing away three-foot-tall bipeds who were digging through their things.  The miniature humans had flattened faces and pug noses and they screeched with little tantrums as they ran away.  Zurvan kicked one on the backside and it dropped a stack of blankets when it tumbled through the air.  
Torrin avoided stepping on one and asked, “What are they?”
“Spiridus,” said Illeana.  “They’re annoying, but they’re not dangerous.”
“Until they steal your food,” said Horus, making sure the rest were gone before collecting his scattered arrows.
“There might be a use for them,” said the Templar.  “If you could guide them in what to steal.  Since the smallest element matters, they might someday decide our fate.”
“This war is too much for that type of nuisance.”  Armozel watched the overcast sky darken with the setting sun.  “We should get some rest.  We’ll meet the Wikka women before dawn.”  He looked to Iviica, “Don’t forget to cast your protection spell for the human, if he’s important we should –” 
Claws tore through the dirt beside him as the offspring of Zalmoxis rushed from the treetops with snapping jaws, but their attack was frenetic to disorient the Archons and divide their ranks.  Horus took refuge behind a log, firing arrows through the swarming minions.  One latched onto Avaris’s shield, grinding into the wood and throwing him back, and he kicked at the Zilant’s scales while it hammered him with spiked teeth.  The monster soon disappeared and the serpents left as quickly as they had arrived.  
“Why were they here?”  Armozel was cursing a large wound on his arm.  “What did they take?”
“Is everyone okay?” Zurvan asked. 
Iviica searched but the hiding places in the camp were empty.  “Where’s Illeana?”
Armozel screamed into the dark.  “Run, Zalmoxis!  We’ll be eating your children after this war!”
“Why take her and not kill us?” Torrin wondered.  
“That was just a hunting party,” said Horus.  “The Rebel can’t risk depleting his army before tomorrow.  He wants to lure us in and ambush us with shadows.”
“You’re a dangerous new threat,” Iviica told the knight.  “Superstition runs deep in all manner of intelligence, but Zalmoxis probably just wants to eat you.”
“And what do we do about it?” 
“We cut out his heart,” Armozel declared.  “Everyone get ready, we’re going to find his lair.”

* * * * *

Iviica explained how her magic worked and informed Avaris about the nature of good witches.  She cleared the skies of rainclouds to provide them with moonlight and the Archons made it through the prowling hunters of the woods thanks to one of her spells.  They stalked the nearby caves for hours before finding the Serpent’s trap, then Horus scouted ahead with his perfect night vision and reported that Illeana was inside, guarded by Zalmoxis himself.  He also said that torches in the cave didn’t make sense if the Rebel could see in the dark.
“Shadow-gods,” said Armozel.  “He is giving them shelter.”
Zurvan asked, “How can we lure him out?” 
“I’m the bait.”  Avaris unsheathed his sword and used the blood of Padurii Stryx to cover his armor.  
“That will only hurt the Serpent,” Iviica warned as the Archons started unrolling lengths of thick rope.  “If the shadows swallow you, you don’t come back.”
“I have special arrows,” said Horus.  “If the Zilants attack, we’ll be ready.”
“Be careful,” Iviica told the knight.   
Once inside, Torrin could hear deep breathing as he circled the edge of the cave, knowing that he was walking into a trap.  The ceiling moved with living shadows that reached with long tendrils to test the boundaries of light, and the Templar was moving between torches when the darkness passed through his chest, stopping his heart and pulling the air from his lungs.  In the center of the lair sat the coiled Rebel-Serpent, pretending to sleep with Illeana unconscious at its feet, her hair matted with blood.  
With its prey within range, Zalmoxis jumped from its fake slumber and unraveled its body.  Avaris ducked under its whipping tail and it sparked across the walls of the cave, dispersing the shadows.  In one explosive attack the Serpent opened wide and grabbed Torrin in its jaws, but its skin sizzled from contact with the witch’s blood and it spit out the human to avoid the acidic burn.  When it slithered towards its escape, the rush of air blew out most of the torches, so Avaris grabbed Illeana as the darkness swept over and shadows reached into the remaining firelight, holding her leg and trying to pull her from his protection.

* * * * *

Zalmoxis shot from the cave and the Archons attacked in unison.  Zurvan held a line that was anchored to the biggest rock he could find, which he threw around the Serpent’s leg, and while holding another rope, Armozel dropped from a high limb and swung around the monster’s long neck.  After he let go and went careening into the bushes, Horus pulled his bowstring from his place in the trees and let a barrage of arrows fly.  Iviica focused her magic to guide the projectiles into Zalmoxis, but they hit its tough scales and ricocheted off.  
“Hurry!” Zurvan yelled, trying to hold the fraying line.  
Horus shot a few arrows into the Rebel’s underbelly and drew blood before the ropes snapped and the Serpent ripped free.  From the entrance of the cave, the shadows broke around Avaris’s torch, revealing a groggy Illeana at his side.  

* * * * *

They found puddles of the Rebel’s undiluted blood and collected the black-tar liquid into buckets.  As the blue of early morning was shining on the horizon, they arrived back to camp and Armozel started giving orders to the weary Archons.  
“We don’t have time for sleep.  Iviica, make sure your coven of spell-senders is ready while Zurvan dispatches the Jidovi and Novaci clans, we will need every giant in this land to assist us.  Horus, get your arrows dipped in Zalmoxis’ blood while my sister tells the Crusader what we’re up against.”
Since she was badly hurt by the kidnapping, Torrin helped Illeana to her tent, and once she was in bed he used a wet cloth to wipe the blood from her forehead.  She had trouble breathing and saw his worried look.  
“I heal quickly,” she said.  “But thanks for the sentiment.”
“There’s nothing I can do to help the Archons in this war?” 
“Your presence could be important,” she replied.  “Isis is many times larger than the Rebel and she’s a winged dragon.  Our warriors will be working against both sides of the battle, but in the end the Serpent and the Mother-Goddess must die.  If Zalmoxis is the one to kill her, it will build its kingdom on earth and rule as a vassal of Osiris.  The Age of the Child depends on this war, the land needs renewal and your people need a rebirth, an enlightenment period.”
“What are the conditions?” asked the knight.
“The Rebel will control its Zilant army, along with shadow gods risen from the Underworld, which will drain its energy to keep them alive during the day.  Our Wikka women will raise earth mound spirits to trap its shadows.”
Torrin nodded.  “Controlled by light, trapped by the earth.”
“Isis has the loyalty of the Stryx, who are evil witches like Padurii.  They will trick the mountain gods into creating stone gargoyles to protect the Mother.  After Zalmoxis is vanquished, we are hoping that Horus can put an arrow into Isis, but that’s not the worst of it,” she said.  “Wait until you see the dragon before you worry.”  She moved the cloth from her forehead and the wound had healed.
“It is time!” Armozel yelled from outside.

* * * * *

With mountain peaks rising to the east, they reached a plateau overlooking the woodland territory in the valley.  Within the forest came the sounds of war with the shaking ground and down a steep trail they saw Zurvan near dozens of hairy giants, all busy tying launch-ropes to boulders.  Each breed was different in fur color and size, but they spoke a discernible language with simplistic rolling growls.  
Iviica Rajic had collected a group of aging women who were dressed as pagan conjurers.  They were ancient beings according to Illeana, and though the women looked disheveled, Avaris could sense their power.  The Wikka women helped the Archons because their dark sisters had joined Isis’s ranks, but the wise earth mothers did not practice magic for violence, for them it was a war of penance.  As the witches gathered in a semi circle and spoke a string of chants to the earth, their spells raised the soil and grass in basic forms, featureless and loyal to their masters.  Nearby, Armozel was telling Zurvan where he wanted the giants to aim their first barrage of massive stones, and Horus set his buckets of Serpent-blood near stacks of already drenched arrows.  
“What’s the plan?” Torrin asked.  
“I need to find Isis and get her airborne for Horus to have a shot,” Illeana replied as she stripped off some of her clothes to allow better movement.  “If Zalmoxis is close to victory, though, I have to protect the Mother-Goddess.”
Avaris took off his chain-mail and set down his shield.  “So we’re fighting for and against both sides.”
“What are you doing?” she asked him.
“I’m going with you.”
“You’re human,” she warned.  “You aren’t protected by the same divinity as I am.”
“There is talent in killing, like all things.  I’m not just going to hope things turn out for the best.” 
“Then dip your sword in Rebel-blood,” she said after doing the same with the long daggers on her belt.  “And let’s go.”  
Once at ground-level they walked by giants taking orders from Zurvan about launch patterns and there was a high pitched screech coming from the valley.  Illeana looked to the Wikka women and the witches were deeply entranced with sun bright stares as their circle gave off a subtle green glow.  The dirt mound spirits raised from the moist earth were soft from mud, overgrown with plant-roots and insects, and moved like ocean waves traveling above ground.  When the Jidovi and Novaci began hurling their massive boulders, Torrin and Illeana ran towards the noise of wolves calling out.  With trees tumbling ahead of them, she leapt off the exposed roots and cleared intersecting vines while the Templar slashed through them with his sword.
Far above, Zilants were swarming around animated stone creatures, crudely-formed gargoyles who were climbing up the trees in relentless pursuit of the Serpent’s offspring.  After grabbing them, they fell back to the earth, crushing them in explosions of fragments and dust.  With Avaris close behind Illeana raced forward, hurdling fallen trees and dodging walls of rolling dirt-mounds.  Boulders crashed through the trees and hit the Zilants off their perches as the giants aimed for the center of battle, where the dark sisters of the Wikka were in deep meditation controlling their gargoyles.  Encapsulated shadows were crossing the forest and absorbing these women into nothing, and when the enchantments diminished, their lifeless puppets dropped from the trees, creating small quakes as they were obliterated.  
Illeana ran along broken logs to dodge the falling rocks that blocked Torrin’s path.  He saw a witch with colorless pupils staring at him with a frightful look, but before she could cast a spell, a pack of Zalmoxis’ wolves followed her scent through the area and attacked.  Avaris watched earth mounds chasing orbs of shadows and evaporating them inside, and when Illeana was accidentally trapped by a wall of dirt, he leapt in headfirst and grabbed her hand before she was completely swallowed.  He pulled her loose and she scraped the soil from her eyes.   
“Follow them to the Goddess,” she choked, pointing to the wolves.
When the dragon announced herself with a roar, they ran to a clearing in the woods where sunlight streamed around their massive nemesis.  Isis had horns above her eyes and below her chin, with silver scales and a long body covered in fins to help her fly.  Though the dark sisters protected her with magic spells, she gripped the ground with sharp talons and kept her leathery wingspan folded back as wolf-packs tested the invisible barrier.  When the Zilants fought through the gargoyles shielding her, Isis spit a glob of clear liquid upon them, melting the serpents with her stomach acid.  
Illeana went unnoticed as she circled the Mother Goddess, then she found an opening and leapt onto the dragon’s hind leg.  With a dagger in each hand, she crawled to the nerve center between the animal’s shoulders and sunk her blades between the reptilian scales.  Isis spread her wings with a gust of wind that lifted her into the air, leaving the dark witches alone among the ravenous wolves.  While the spell-casting women were eaten alive, their gargoyles were stripped of magic and fell from the trees where the stone spirits crumbled into dissipating clouds.  
Torrin jumped onto a passing earth mound to escape the destruction and tore through the pieces of Isis’s army on his way back to the Archons.  He saw the giants throwing their boulders into the edge of the forest, knocking Zilants to the ground before crushing them to death in their hairy arms, and nearby the Wikka women were using their dirt mounds against the wolves trained to hunt them by pulling the yelping creatures into the earth.  
Avaris climbed the rock wall and found Horus at the lookout point, watching Isis fly over the valley with Illeana holding onto her back.  As the archer pulled his bowstring, Zalmoxis jumped from the treetops and grabbed onto the dragon’s neck.  They crashed into the snowy mountain, and while the Rebel tore at her leathery skin with its teeth, the Mother Goddess flapped her large wings for altitude and scratched Zalmoxis with her hind talons.
“She’s coming around!” Horus yelled.  
Isis was flying in a wide circle when he fired and his arrow flew harmlessly over her head, so Torrin grabbed a bucket of Zalmoxis’ blood and poured it over himself before the dragon passed the ridge again.  He drew his sword and jumped onto her wing, digging his blade in like an anchor against the ferocious wind.  The Mother-Goddess landed on a suitable perch on the mountain and splashed stomach acid over Zalmoxis until its body was hollowed through.  As the Rebel Serpent lashed out desperately, her fangs tightened upon its skull and broke it.
Isis roared in victory after it finally went limp, but in the midst of her celebration, Avaris stabbed his sword into her shoulder to get her attention.  The dragon turned her long neck to study the small annoyance, and without hesitation she grabbed him between her fangs and tipped her head back to swallow him alive.  He slid down her greasy tongue and pulled out his dagger, ripping it through the inside of her throat, and the Serpent blood that covered him bit into her with a sharp sting.  She arched her back in pain as her flesh was fried from within and she became ash so quickly that her skeleton was left burning with outstretched wings.  
Torrin fell into the snow on the low Carpathian peaks and Illeana landed on an adjacent cliff where she waved to him with a proud look.  He put away the knowledge of buried treasure and his journey through the Otherworld.  Osiris would be angry and another war would come from the ruler of the Underworld’s final attempt to maintain power, but the Templar ignored the future and the chill of the snow as he watched the swirling ash of the dragon dancing in the sun.  

* * * * *

While Avaris was resting from the war, a storm crawled down the Carpathian mountains and blinded him in a wall of white until he could no longer see Illeana Varsala or the verdant valley in which the battle against the Mother-Goddess had been waged.  The abrupt wind made him think that he was somehow the cause of it, that it was retaliation by elementals who did not appreciate his intrusion into their affairs.  With the blood of the dragon still on his sword, he ate enough snow to slake his thirst before raising his mantle to stop the piercing chill from touching his bare skin.  Since the weather was poking white hot needles into his exposed flesh, he quickly sloshed through knee deep powder to get to where he’d last seen the Archons.  
Isis was dead, absorbed back into the Pleroma and the light of eternal existence, yet some demigods might be jealous of his victory and the intense cold would serve as a manifestation of their envy.  His frozen chain-mail shirt felt like burning heat to the touch and he soon lost the ability to form complete thoughts as a result of the disorienting pain.  He wandered through the snow, searching for the warriors who would be praising the glory of that day, but he quickly became lost and found himself alone in the icy mountains.  Torrin gripped his sword as tight as any cross and moved west, hoping that the wind would abate when he left the high elevation.  
After his legs began to ache, he escaped the turbulence of the storm and tried to check the direction of the sun.  He saw a ubiquitous glow across the sky and he continued on in the hope of discovering another guide to tell him whether he had come back to the land of humanity or if he was still lost in the realm of spirits.  He passed piles of oddly formed ice in the snow and caught a glimpse of the horizon.  A few dozen steps in front of him, the ground dropped suddenly off a sheer cliff and beyond the edge stretched the vast forests of Eastern Europe.  
Avaris was wondering how he had traveled such a great distance when the ice behind him shifted and began to grow.  He turned around as the lumps of snow stood tall and blocked his escape.  The Frost Giants faced him with barely distinguishable features carved into their glassy heads and they crept towards the intruder with their arms hanging low enough to drag their knuckles on the ground.  From his time between worlds, Torrin knew that he was trespassing upon the territory of the gods once again.  The Titans that owned the Carpathians wanted him dead, and after the cold itself had failed they sent their frozen minions to finish it.  When the giants raised their heavy arms into the sky, he rolled away before they slammed their fists down and shook the earth.  The knight hacked into one of their legs and chipped off a chunk of ice, and with poor balance its heavy frame collapsed and it went sliding over the cliff.  
The second Frost Giant lumbered forward and tried to flatten him with its huge palm, but he ran up its outstretched arm and struck the creature’s head until fracturing the ice block.  The crack spread like shattering glass and the giant’s skull burst in a cloud of icicles that scratched Avaris’s cheeks.  He reveled briefly in his accomplishment until the headless monster threw him into the snow, and as he slid across compacted ice he chided himself for thinking that the creature needed a brain.  He picked up his sword and ran between the two giants, goading one to take a swing at him, and when it missed it accidentally crushed the headless behemoth, which exploded in a hailstorm that buried Torrin underneath.
As he crawled from the pile left by the obliterated monster and felt the ground tremble, he looked up the hillside and saw an avalanche closing in.  The last Frost Giant had no concept of self-preservation and was still pursuing him when they were hit by the wall of snow.  Avaris felt the ground leave him and his stomach lifted with the violent free fall.  He said his last prayer of forgiveness, hoping that he would see his family once again, until he landed in freezing water and the sensation shocked him back to life.  He sank quickly in his chain-mail while holding the sword he refused to drop and he sat in the depths, watching the surface of the water distort the sky beyond.  He was mesmerized by the dazzling play of light and imagined the angels reaching down for him, breaking the barrier between worlds, and to avoid offending their efforts he raised his hand and was pulled into the fresh air.  
Saved by a log that was drifting by on the current, Avaris choked on the fresh air near the Frost Giant that was melting quickly into the river.  After he floated to the side of the Danube and dragged himself up the pebbles of the west bank, he leaned forward on his knees and tried to regain his bearings.  As he looked for signs of supernatural beings and saw smoke rising from a burning village in the distance, he smelled the stench of flaming corpses and felt the sickening disappointment that told him that he was back in the real world.  
He locked his sword in its sheath and walked closer to discover that all the men of the village had tried to defend their families when they were butchered in the muddy streets of the small town.  With twisted faces frozen upon their last terrifying moments, they seemed to call to him from the afterlife.  Torrin tried his best to ignore them until he tripped over a young girl who was facedown in the soil, her light hair draped in a flower dress stained with blood.  The knight pushed back visions of his own children and looked to the church, still blazing bright against the smoke filled sky.  
Near a bridge crossing the river, he heard rustling sounds coming from a small wooden building and saw a large dog sitting calmly at the door of a storehouse.  A tall warrior with black hair and a beard came out with his arms full of various loot, though he wore chain-mail beneath his Order’s identification, a white mantle with a black cross down the center.  As the Teutonic knight was busy claiming the plunder he failed to see Avaris standing by the waist-high fence, but when the great dane gave the Templar a non-threatening woof hello, the German looked up from his assorted goodies and laid eyes upon the unexpected presence of the fellow soldier of God.  
He reached for the sword on his belt, but since Torrin didn’t seem threatening, he left his weapon in its scabbard and nodded.  He introduced himself in his native tongue, a gruff and unpolished language without subtlety or tact.  His pronounced but halted speech continued as if Avaris understood what he was saying, and his gestures seemed to indicate the horrible atrocity of the rampage.  He didn’t seem to be responsible for it, in fact he looked a little disheartened, even if his sympathy was allayed by the pile of stolen goods.
“Do you speak Latin?” Torrin wondered, and the Teutonic knight responded that he knew a little.  “Who did this?”
The German waved his hand by his lips as if to say that the name could not be uttered, and it was then that Avaris assumed that he wasn’t free of the land of myth just yet.  “Do you care if I take what I want?” the knight asked him.
“If God doesn’t mind, how can I protest?” Torrin replied, in no mood for a quarrel like the one he and Tetricus had faced with the Bulgars.  “And the dead seem unconcerned...”
The Teuton gave him a strange chuckle.  “You have not seen what I have seen.”  The dog stood up and showed himself to be big enough for a child to ride.  With a long, square snout pointed in the direction of the burning church, he appeared to sense something that the humans could not.  
“What’s wrong?” Avaris asked, but the foreign knight waved his behavior away.
“He does that sometimes,” the German said with a wry glance at his pet.  The Templar started to walk towards the town, intending to pass through on his way further north, but the German grabbed his arm.  “Where are you headed?”
“Wherever God takes me,” Torrin responded.
“Not in that direction, infection is spreading by the magic of Loki.”
“A disease of body or spirit?”
“One affects the other,” the man replied with palpable hesitation despite his immense size.  At almost six and a half feet tall, it didn’t seem logical that he would have anything to be afraid of.
“Well, the gods fear me more than I fear them,” Avaris declared.  “If you let terror inhabit you, it will bring the Demiurge with it.”
“Then after you are killed, Crusader, I will bury you with your legs crossed,” said the German.  “All Templars want to die like Jesus, after all.”
Torrin heard the Teuton’s voice change and turned to the odd comment.  “What did you say?”
The large man’s appearance seemed distorted and his mannerisms altered, and he stood as if he was new to his own flesh, unbalanced and uncoordinated.  His eyes had a glossy cover to them as well, with a glow like a watery reflection as the great dane looked up at his master more as a stranger newly born in the same body.  When the dog walked into the forest, for some reason his owner didn’t bother to call him back.  Avaris watched the animal leave, taking his eyes off the foreigner while using his metal sheath to watch the man stare at him behind his back.
When the German pulled a dagger from his sleeve, Torrin turned and locked the Teuton’s forearm, and with a rough jerk he broke the bones, forcing him to drop the knife.  The stranger was smiling while he lifted the Crusader off his feet and threw him against the door of the storehouse.  As he came hobbling forward with the strange movements of a child learning to walk and swung his gloved fist, Avaris ducked and the wooden slats cracked behind him.  After the German grabbed him by the throat and slammed his head back, the oak panels gave way and they tumbled inside.  
Torrin ignored the torn flesh of his head wound and through the haze of the clogged and musty air he saw stacks of unused weapons that the townspeople had been unable to reach before the slaughter.  While the foreign knight was getting to his knees, Avaris knocked a quiver of arrows from a low lying shelf and shoved them into the man’s chest.  The Teuton curiously examined the wooden shafts digging into his ribs before reaching for a steel gauntlet, then he cracked Torrin across the skull and splashed blood down his face.  With one eye blinded, he lifted a bow from the floor and wrapped the string against the back of the German’s neck.  When his enemy sprang to his feet, he let the bow straighten and it smashed against the Teuton’s face, kicking him backwards into the daylight.  
Avaris followed the tall man into the open and watched him fumble around as if on stilts before falling near the riverbank.  He reached for the biggest stone he could find and pummeled the foreigner until his head split open, and after he went limp he gave off an angry breath with the spirit that controlled him.  Torrin exhaled in the cool air, smelling the fire take the town to embers with the rotting dead.  
Since the immediate pain on his scalp was so intrusive, he dipped his head in the Danube and washed his wound.  He scanned his reflection as the cut continued to bleed spots of red into the river, but after the injury healed, a gleam sparked his attention and he turned to see a woman standing above him.  She seemed to have arrived with a pack of wolves who were feeding upon the dead and she wore a helmet of gold along with a breastplate that shined like the magnificence of the northern lights.  
She looked at him with pride and he assumed that she was benevolent.  “I have healed you, good warrior,” she said in a sweet voice, beautiful but intense.
“Who are you?” he asked.  “Athena?” 
She smiled.  “She is the guardian of democracy, I’m glad I don’t have her responsibility...”
“Then you were conjured by the Norse,” he guessed.  “A Valkyrie.”
She bowed.  “My name is Hilda and my current task is to hunt the Trickster, the demigod of mischief.”
“Loki?”
“Seth travels ahead of me, raising the dead with his magic.  You just destroyed the temple he was residing within,” she said, referring to the dead German.  She stared through the ravaged town.  “They will soon be reanimated by his evil.  He works with Arca Anjety to conscript dead warriors who are not chosen for Valhalla to defend Odin at Ragnarok, or the Great Hall of Freya to listen to love songs eternally.  His undead soldiers attack village after village, building an army worthy of the Demiurge.”
“What do you need me to do?” Avaris said without pause.  
“Live long enough to serve the Goddess Athena.  You will have to carry a weight uncommon to most mortals.”
“What does that mean?”
“Don’t accept being a slave to anyone, not even the gods,” she said with deep respect for him.  “Your life is more important than you know.  You will help to defeat the son of Satan.”
“If I do this, will my reward be with my family in Heaven?”
“Of course, but you first have to wash the blood from your hands.”  She offered him a cup which she said contained water from the Well of Fate.  “You are a hell-runner, someone who must enter the Otherworld to find wisdom to heal your people.  By the fires of Muspelheim, the time of Ragnarok has arrived.  After the death of Isis, the golden age of the gods is over and all nine worlds have been opened during this re birth of man as his own creator.  The twilight of the gods has come, soon mankind will choose your own fate.”
Torrin’s soul needed to be cleansed after his time in war, and absolution was only received through service to something higher than the self.  He knew that the Valkyrie had disappeared before he confirmed it, but he saw a shadow from the corner of his eye and turned to witness the dead arising, just as Hilda had predicted.  The women and children were either given to paradise directly or by the cleansing of minor sin through the pain they faced upon their deaths.  Most of the men, however, were not chosen for a seat with the Norse deities, and by the curse of Seth they stood with mortal wounds intact, their spirits trapped in corpses that appeared slightly stiff.  From what Avaris had recently seen, the unnatural occurrence wasn’t that surprising. 
He soon heard voices calling out upriver in a flowing, watery dialect, but their speech quickly became the war-cries of men the size of bears riding a longboat down the Danube.  The Viking vessel coming towards him had a curved dragon head at the front to pierce the settling mist, and despite being surrounded by the risen dead, the sight of Northmen from centuries past was an unbelievable spectacle.  The Scandinavians ran adrift in their shallow-keel wooden ship, seafarers on a ley line river from the past still seeking gold and women through the towns of Europe that their forefathers had long since settled.  In clothes made from the skin of animals and finely crafted decorations made by their wives back home, they jumped onto the riverbank at the edge of the farming village with weapons of basic fashion.  
They appeared unconcerned by the undead warriors trying to kill them and with battle-axes heavy enough to take a man apart at the waist, they cut into the middle of town with their eyes on the valuables left behind by the god of chaos and his Otherworldly minions.  Torrin was shocked by their arrival until arrows started landing around him, and he was jolted from his disbelief with the sudden realization that he was about to become their slave or die trying to avoid it.  He could not win in a battle against a dozen Vikings and if he protested he might be rewarded with the Blood Eagle, a form of execution where the ribcage was broken open from behind and the lungs exposed to flap with every dying breath.  
When a tall blonde with sharp features ran towards him and yelled with his ethereal tongue, the Crusader stuck his sword into the ground and signaled his defeat.  Betraying the advice given to him by the Valkyrie, he let himself get tied up and pulled to the longboat with the rest of the supplies.  He was placed in the corner with other valuable objects while the warriors made snide comments about his clothes.  When the zombies in the village were finally dispatched, the Northmen realized that their Chieftain was injured.  His arm had been gnawed upon and an artery was severed, and without an adequate remedy their leader asked for his sword, believing that it was shameful for a man to die without a weapon in his hands even if he wasn’t in battle.  
After he passed on, his men set up a funeral pyre and declared Hagbard their new leader.  One of the slave girls then had intercourse with several of the strongest warriors before being ritually strangled and set ablaze with their dead Chieftain, hoping that she would be promoted to his wife in Asgard and that she could bring him the life-force of his best soldiers.  Bodvar, Starkad, and Lodbrok, as they were called, came back to the longboat with the others and consulted with a Norn, a priestess of considerable age who wore black cloaks and ranted that they would be ambushed and murdered by proud men.  They all laughed at the fortune she gave and scoffed at the dark news, not because they didn’t believe her but because they weren’t afraid of death.  She pointed them north and they continued on.  
Avaris sat quietly on his knees, his wrists tied behind him in complete submission, but he kept track of where they put his sword when they loaded the rest of the pillaged goods from the village.  Behind of the barrels of mead he saw a small hand reach from the shadows, followed by a tiny hominid the size and proportion of a shrunken human.  While the oarsmen went to work propelling them downriver, Torrin smiled at the Spiridus, who seemed non-threatening compared to the wily creatures he saw ransack the Archon campsite.  Dressed in torn fabric, it offered the knight an apple, but was quickly swatted by Lodbrok and forced back into hiding.  
The redheaded Viking sat on a crate and spoke in the language of his ancestors.  “We are not from your time.  You bear a single god who does not speak to humans, though you believe you have his protection.”  The large man stroked his beard and sipped a cup of mead.  “We have killed many of your kind along this river and we fear that we have passed into another realm.  Perhaps this is the land of the Jotunheimr, but we have seen no giants of rock or ice.”
“I have seen both,” said the Templar, speaking with the words of his forefathers.  “But you are not in a land of primordial elements, the nine worlds have just melted together.”
“The dwarfs,” Lodbrok scowled at the Spiridus, who peered curiously from the shade.  “They were created from the maggots on Ymir’s rotting flesh.”
“Is that what the Norse believe?” 
“When Odin and his brothers subdued the first being who rose from the Yawning Void, they split up his body to make this world.  His skin became the earth, his blood the rivers and oceans, his skull the sky and his bones the mountains.  Ymir sweated man and woman from his armpits, but Odin gave us life.”
“And his two brothers gave us the mind and our senses.”
“Yes, the will and the sanctuary,” said the Viking.
“If you are lost, where are you going?” Avaris wondered.
“We decided to search for the Tree of Life.  We must find Yggdrasil if we have come to the Age of Ragnarok and the boundary keeping back malevolent forces has broken.  Perhaps some of us will survive as foretold, feeding on the dew of the Ash Tree.  It is, after all, the only thing that will not burn.”
Hagbard the new Chieftain was standing at the front of the longboat, surveying their course while his men continuously rowed.  He looked to the back and chastised Lodbrok for revealing too much to the slave, but he continued talking nonetheless, saying that Scandinavian kings were chosen and by such means could be sacrificed as easily as lambs or maidens if the moment called upon it.  There was no power on earth that divided a ruler from his subjects, only a proximity to the gods by virtue proven by a mortal worthy of his fate.
“The Queen of Hel rules all nine worlds,” Lodbrok revealed. 
“Why do you speak to me?” Torrin asked him. 
“Because her blood is on your sword.”
“Who told you this?”
“The old sage revealed it.  You killed Isis, the Mother Goddess, therefore you must come from the land of mist.  What did you see?” asked the Northman.  “You would only have survived a journey through Niflheim if you were consecrated by Surtr, the Dark One.”
“I don’t understand,” said the knight.
“The Muspeli, both king and queen, will burn the Tree of Life during Ragnarok, leaving only a few gods and humans to repopulate our worlds.  If you were purified first by the Muspelheim, the land of fire, then you must contain within you the same spark that created the stars.”
“The Dark One,” Avaris ruminated.  “If I was consecrated it was only by my devotion.”   
“Then who is your savior?”
“I walk in Christ,” the Templar replied.  “The Son of God.”
“You mean Thor?”
“Perhaps by my actions, since Christ was not a man of war.”
The Viking was confused.  “A god who does not fight?”
“He was a mortal who became a god by fighting with his mind and with his soul.”
Lodbrok nodded, believing Jesus to be a demigod born of Odin’s brothers.  “If that is true, then perhaps Odin is already dead.”
“Or perhaps he serves the Demiurge,” Torrin said to himself.  “Perhaps others have called him Zeus.”
The Northmen were called to attention by the Norn when the diviner of the future stood up and shook her hands at the sky.  They looked down the river where one side was protruding high on a promontory that overlooked the area, a perfect place to stage an ambush.  The entire group stopped rowing and fell silent while they coasted upon the calm waters of the Danube.  The quiet was pierced by a sharp twang of a distant bowstring and Lodbrok stood up a moment before an arrow pierced his eye, killing him instantly.  A fierce scream hit the air and the rest of the warriors dropped the oars and grabbed their weapons.  
After a man jumped off the cliff above them and sank his axe into Hagbard’s skull, more Vikings followed their brave Chieftain against the slave-traders in a berserker rage to impress Odin.  They quickly filled the longboat with a ferocious battle, and once the leader was murdered, the sage priestess was beheaded since she was thought to be their connection to the Goddess Freya.  While the slavers were embroiled in war, the Spiridus ran from the shadows with a knife and cut the ropes that tied Avaris’s wrists.  The little creature then gladly helped him find his sword under the stacks of loot and he touched the dwarf’s head in thanks.
The Chieftain of the attacking Northmen found himself surrounded until Torrin came to his rescue, swinging his sword to divide their forces.  He cut Starkad’s legs out from under him before driving the sword through his chest, and when Bodvar shoved him to the side of the ship, intending to throw him overboard, he pulled the man’s dagger from his belt and stabbed him in the neck.  As the longboat rocked from side to side there was little introspection in the warriors of the north, but what they lacked in focus was made up for in sheer brutality.  With no thought of death there was no need to strategize extensively, and in their berserker trance they believed themselves to be impervious since it was Odin’s gift not only of infinite wisdom but to never lose in battle that made him King of the Gods.  
The Northmen appeared more as animals at war than men, tearing off limbs and splitting bodies with their immense strength.  The floor was soon soaked in blood and body parts as heavy axes cleaved the slave traders into pieces as surely as the trees they felled to build the boat.  When the last of them was dead, Ivar the leader of the ambushing Vikings thanked Avaris for saving him.  Welcomed as one of their own, he was introduced to Hedwig, Sigurd, Harald, and others who thanked him for his fearlessness.  They then proceeded to mock him playfully about his foreign clothes with insults similar to the slavers.  
After the Northmen gained control of the longboat, they took stock of stolen supplies, and when the corpses were thrown overboard, Torrin looked for his Spiridus friend and found the little one dead among the others.  The small creature had been trampled during the skirmish and his body was broken under the weight of war.  The Templar showed him reverence and had to explain to the others why it was a somber loss.  Still, Ivar tossed the tiny hominid into the river, saying that he had no time to mourn for those who would find their reward in Asgard.  
While the younger Scandinavians took their places at the oars and continued rowing, the others opened up mead barrels and began celebrating.  Avaris remembered how the slavers had moved forward despite the warnings of an ambush as if fate propelled them into its gaping jaws, and these other Northmen had waited for a chance to strike as if they knew the result as well, making the Crusader wonder if they had gotten similar news from their own sage.  There was no priestess among them, though one man seemed out of place.  He wore the same chain mail as the Templar but from an earlier period and likely from Spain.  He carried a brooding frown under a thick black mustache and something in his eyes told the knight that he had met the stranger before.  The man was so different from the others that Torrin asked Ivar about him.
“He is like you, a wandering spirit,” said the long haired Chieftain.  “But I know not whether we are in your time or his.  All has blended together and we have no shamans to show us the way.  Sisnero has seen much of the Underworld and the land of fire, so we protect his wisdom even if he is as lost as we are.”
Avaris introduced himself to the Spaniard and was surprised to receive a response in Latin.  “I’m looking for my daughter,” he replied.  “I fought my way out of Hel to do so.”
“Why were you in Hel?” the Templar wondered.
“I was cast into the depths after I sacrificed myself to protect the great warrior called El Cid during the reconquest of Spain from Muslim invaders.  Our God accepted my blood, but I had committed the sin of self-defeat and the laws of the Universe are impersonal, beyond the will of any deity.  These Northmen call Hel a place of ice, but I fell into the Egyptian version, a lake of fire.  The same Goddess rules both, I am afraid.”
“Not anymore.  Isis is dead, perhaps that’s why you were released.”
“I don’t know.  I had a vision about the Age of the Child.”
“You know about the Archons and the Demiurge?”
Sisnero nodded.  “I created the Order of the Will after I gained the knowledge that the god of being and non-being were the same.  Osiris set me free, but perhaps he had no choice.  That may be why his son hunts me, though at some point I manifested an archangel.”
“Are you Illeana’s father?” 
The Spaniard suddenly became curious.  “Have you seen her?”
“She and the Order of Thelema saved me from the Rebel Serpent Zalmoxis.  Together we defeated the Mother Goddess.”
“Good, I feared that the Asuras found her and took their hatred for me out upon my child.”
Torrin frowned.  “I don’t understand, she was working with powerful Archons when I fought beside her.”
“The Order of the Will serves the upcoming age of individuality because the ancient Archons were a part of the one true God, serving the Monad until the Demiurge was born during the Second Eon, in separation from the source.  Through the structure of the Universe itself, God has delivered free will as a gift to those creatures that can achieve it.  As a brilliant attempt to steal that energy for itself, the Void created the ego within all conscious beings as a mirror to the eternal self, making them prone to become monsters in love with Ares and unrestrained power.  This is when the elementals realized that a balance must be made and humanity was chosen to evolve to become vessels for the Archons.”
“So they walk among us?”
“Often without fully knowing who they are, the same as for other divine manifestations.  They know that they are different than everybody else, and they know that their loyalty rests in something greater than perception, the light that brings pure hearts back to the effulgence of the Pleroma.  Those who commit evil lose that spark and become lost in the afterlife.  If they fail to find their way through the Gates they are trapped in Tartarus, or as we call it, Oblivion.  Since no absolution can be found, non existence is the only fate worse than hell, and it will be where I am sent if the son of Osiris finds me.”
“So the Asuras serve the Demiurge,” said Avaris.
“And their foot-soldiers are what you call demons, eternally trying to destroy all that God creates by hindering the balance of things.  Arca Anjety is one of the most powerful Asuras, and as the demigod of pestilence he is responsible for more death than war and genocide combined.”
“It has always been the bane of monotheism that any man can declare to speak to God directly.  The idea is insane, since Mary was told by an angel that she would bear the savior and Christ himself wasn’t comforted by God in the Garden of Gethsemane before his crucifixion.”
“When a human serves justice,” said the Spaniard.  “All of Heaven supports them.  When a person commits evil, they are left alone to tear each other apart like wolves.  The revolution after the First Age gave Asuras power equal to the Archons, and now individual spirits must rebel against the Demiurge to become pure enough to rise to Heaven.”
Torrin was amazed by the revelation.  “So that’s why Christ was a pacifist, turning war against a society ruled by Saturn, the Roman version of Zeus.”
“Yes, but the Monad still requires someone to battle the enemy even if we face the result of a warrior’s sins after death.  Nothing is achieved without sacrifice.”  
“You died to bless your battles with invaders, but El Cid was a mercenary.  He never really fought for anyone but himself.” 
“God uses us despite our protests.  El Cid was a cog in the wheel, fighting between Christians and Muslims who serve the same deity.  God cannot turn brother against brother, that is the fault of invaders.”
“The same as with Christian invaders in Jerusalem,” Avaris nodded, having seen their defeat personally.  “I hope you see your daughter again, you will be proud of how she fights the Demiurge.”
Ivar the Viking leader gave a harsh whisper to be quiet while he was surveying the river ahead.  He caught sight of something and upon his word the oarsmen stopped rowing, falling quiet enough to hear the birds and the lapping of the water’s current beneath them.  As their tension mounted, a few men were overtaken by curiosity and started leaning over the side of the boat to get a look.  They hadn’t reached a shoreline or bounced against submerged rocks, but the longboat shuddered and came to a stop.  The Chief of the Northmen was at the front, staring with quiet resolve at something beyond their world.  Sisnero changed position so that he could see past the other men, but when he did he jumped back as if a lightning bolt had struck him.
“What is it?” Torrin asked.
“It’s Arca Anjety, the son of Osiris!”
Avaris looked over the side and was hit by cold air lifting from the frozen river, locking them in ice that had formed unnaturally.  “Is he here for me or you?”
“Does it matter, he has found us both!”  Sisnero desperately ran through his options with a sense of inevitable doom.  “If I am caught I won’t be sent back to Hel, I will be given to Tartarus and the infinite darkness.”
“I have come for the golden spirit!” came a loud voice that seemed like a human mimic, unrestrained by a body as it reverberated through the forest.  The Vikings armed themselves with their leader, who yelled back a defiant war cry more powerful than his mortal frame.  
“I should have known there was no escape,” said Sisnero, crouching in the corner of the boat and collapsing into himself.
“How did you fight your way out of Hel?” the Templar asked, knowing that he might need such wisdom.
“It was mere Hades compared to the true depths, but why do you care if you are protected,” the Spaniard said with a look of anger and jealousy.  “If you see my daughter again –”  
His last wish was drowned out by the warriors shaking their swords and axes in the air and screaming to build their rage.  Believing that Odin’s fury was making them invulnerable, Ivar was the first to jump overboard, but when he landed the ice cracked and he fell underwater.  A few of his men went to help him as he was pulled downstream, pounding on the frozen surface of the river.  After the spell suddenly broke and they splashed into the water beside him, the longboat was freed from its position and the others reached for their friends who scratched at the wooden planks.  With a strict hierarchy in place for fallen warriors, Sigurd took over immediately as their new Chieftain and did what he could to bolster the confidence of the survivors.
A strong wind caught the sail and the ship was turned sideways, giving Torrin a look at the son of Osiris standing upon the water even after the ice had melted.  In a leather tunic with metal latches, he looked more like a Greek hoplite than the demigod of pestilence and his forest green hair hung before his eyes, obscuring the glow of his smile inside shadows that shouldn’t have existed in the light of day.  While most demonic spirits inhabited weak humans, he was a shape shifter that took whatever form he wanted despite being essentially formless, and Avaris realized that he had taken the shape of an ancient Mycenean archer loading an arrow onto his bow string.  Sigurd and the Vikings were standing tall and unafraid, because even when facing an unstoppable enemy they held no concept of retreat or surrender.  The Templar saw Sisnero huddled in the corner, already looking like his soul was leaving him along with any hope of escape.  
The Chieftain was struck by the first arrow, an impossible hit from that distance, then the shaft fizzled into dust and disappeared.  Sigurd looked dismayed by the lack of pain from the metal tip that should have pierced his chest, but soon his eyes sunk in and his body diminished from a sudden illness that hollowed him out.  When his strength failed him, he fell against the railing and coughed his final breath as he died, looking like an old man.  Another Northman was struck by a fading arrowhead and began to sweat feverishly while blisters and boils formed across his exposed skin.  The warrior fell on his side, vomiting at the feet of the others who took up their bows and arrows in defense.  They fired erratically at the lone archer standing in the middle of the river, but their projectiles passed through him as if he were made of mist.  
After Harald was struck by a disease that made him bleed from his eyeballs, Hedwig became the next Chieftain to realize that they were bearing down upon the demigod too fast for them to alter their course.  Arca Anjety waited patiently while the broadside of the vessel hurried towards him, and Torrin was close to jumping overboard when the longboat collided with the stoic entity and broke down the center.  The knight’s senses went black in the noise of splitting wood with his final fear that all had been lost to an unbeatable foe.  He felt his lungs fill with liquid and he could not tell which direction was up, but he eventually sank to the stones in the shallow water and simply crawled onto the riverbank.  
He gasped in the open air near the bodies of brave Vikings washing ashore.  Sisnero Varsala was lying on his back downriver, paralyzed by the son of Osiris who loomed over him with a look of indelible victory.  He held his hand above the Archon who had escaped from Hel without first negotiating with the god of the Underworld and the Spaniard convulsed violently while his life-force was drained, leaving him like an empty shadow before he sank into the earth.  Arca straightened his back and peered at the Templar, who choked with lungs still soaked in water.  
“That was the business of my father.  Now I shall eat your golden spirit,” he said with a ghastly look upon his face.  His ashen smile stretched between cheeks as exposed as a mummified corpse and Avaris knew that he was looking upon the visage of death itself.  When the demigod drew closer, however, he felt the river pull on his legs and he was swept back into the Danube.  As Torrin was taken by the god of the sea towards safety, he watched Anjety trying to summon his spells with no success.  
“By the coming of the Niflheim winter and your people’s paranoia of Bastet, I will bring a curse upon the northern tribes as foul as the scourge of God!” yelled the son of Osiris, sounding all too mortal with his uncontrollable emotions.  “Poseidon may have saved you but he will not save your people from the diseases I will bring!”

* * * * *

Avaris awoke on a rocky beach with frigid waves lapping at his feet.  He looked up to a sky filled with clouds, and despite a desire to see his wife’s face again he was glad to be alive.  He was aware of someone watching him and rolled over to see a young woman dressed in robes and leaning on a wooden staff.  He didn’t know when he had been transported to or even if it was a world of humans until she smiled compassionately and put out her soft hand.  
“I am Roslyn Saint Clair,” she told him, obviously a devoted nun by the crucifix hanging from her neck.  Torrin refused to take her delicate offering with an explanation that he didn’t want to get any dirt upon her and she retracted her hand as politely as she tried to lend it.  
“What’s your real name?” he asked to bypass the one given to her by the mistress of her Order.
“Kara Vala,” she replied with her quiet voice.
He grunted against his aching muscles as he got to his knees.  “Like the shamans connected to Freya, priestess of the gods.”
“That’s an old Viking myth, but I guess Euhemerus would want us to take human belief as mankind witnessing something natural and prescribing a supernatural context to it.  There is more truth than fantasy in human religion.”
“So you’re educated,” observed the knight.
“And you’re a Templar,” she replied with fond respect.  “You’re lucky you didn’t wash up on a beach further south, they have been killing your kind in England for years.”
He straightened his back and heard a few pops from his stiff bones, then he searched her light blue eyes with concern.  “How did you know I would be here?”
“You might not believe that I had a vision,” she relayed, averting her glance with the shame she had faced when speaking to the priests of her patriarchal church.
“Why wouldn’t I believe you?” he said sincerely and she looked to him with hope renewed.  Her eyes contained such clarity that they appeared like the limitless sky.  
“You are here to help us fight for independence from the son of Satan.”
Avaris thought about the last thing he had seen before the demigod of the sea saved him.  “Arca Anjety?”
“Who?  I’m talking about King Edward the second, son of Edward the Longshanks,” she told him.  “That tall demon who abused the Scots every chance he got.  The great freedom fighters like Andrew Moray and William Wallace are dead, torn apart to teach us a lesson, but the noble Robert the Bruce and a cadre of Templars hiding as regular knights here in Scotland are building an army as the new King Edward does the same.  He will have greater numbers when he succeeds, even if he’s having more trouble rallying troops to his cause.  The nobles in London bicker more ferociously than lions.”
“What year is it?” asked the somber knight, who stood a foot taller than his kind-hearted savior.  
“It is 1314, how long have you been lost in Avalon?”
“Perhaps it was a dream,” he said, looking around for evidence of a shipwreck.  “Maybe I was poisoned by ergot and everything I saw was illusion.”  His words trailed off with his assumptions as his rational mind tried to overwrite all that didn’t make sense, despite his solid experience.  “Our leaders were being held captive by an inquisition, I remember.  Our fleet of ships was confiscated and our wealth was reacquired.”
“That was years ago.  In France, King Philip the fourth needed your Order’s money to fuel his war with Edward the Longshanks, a devil in the flesh, but now the son of Satan is a pathetic creature and a terrible leader, as ineffectual as his father was cruel,” she revealed.  “Your Templar leaders were cooked to death very slowly, but most of the knights escaped.  In Switzerland they have defeated an army of five thousand sent by Leopold the first of Austria, in fact they are fomenting military victories everywhere, but here in Scotland is where it is most important.  God will punish those responsible for the disgrace brought to divine Crusaders, I have seen it.  Your virtues are expanding among the Freemasons who extol the same principles in their mythology.  They fight against ignorance, tyranny, and fanaticism, the same as your Order, and scholar monks are developing a concept of Deism to realize the one true God once and for all.  It’s a Christian form of Monism and a worship of the Pleroma, the light of undivided existence from which all energy is born.  I always pray on this beach, but recently I had a vision that I would find a glowing warrior delivered by the ocean.  You are here to fight for the independence of the new age,” Roslyn said with tears in her eyes flowing from the happiness that overfilled her.  “We will create justice again on earth and bring God back to the Garden of Eden after it was expelled by our selfish delusions.”
As the nun brought him from the western coastline and through the woods, Torrin could hear a clatter of preparations before they reached the camp.  Hidden within the trees, a home was made for guerrilla warriors who had been fighting England for decades.  Most were getting ready for battle in thick coats that hung low to cover the pikemen, their primary forces that were aided by a small cavalry of men-at-arms.  Roslyn introduced Avaris to the other knights and he recognized that their war was far bigger than feudal concerns.  With a faith that bled through their thoughts and actions, their sacrifice was for a kingdom beyond this earth, which set them specifically apart from the noblemen rallying their soldiers.
“This knight is a gift from God,” Roslyn said when she introduced Torrin to the others.
Because he was a stranger and not yet worthy of trust, they straightened their backs and watched him carefully.  The scars on his face and his weathered glance were as obvious as rust on metal, so they assumed that he was a man who had fought an enemy much bigger than himself and survived.  They spoke to him in cryptic language since they were all remnants of the dying Templar Order and they knew codes that no assassin or traitor would understand, and when he responded to their Scoto Norman heritage he was quickly accepted into the group.  With war upon them, they were desperate for anyone coming from the oppressed Ireland or the northern Highlands, and for every soldier there were camp followers as well, creating a supply chain for the thousands of men maintaining the siege upon the English-held Stirling Castle on the hill to the north.  
They said that Sir Mowbray had signed a deal with Robert the Bruce concerning a timeline of when the British inhabitants would abandon the area, avoiding mass murder at the hands of the Scots.  Edward the second was marching towards them on the old Roman road with the intent of beating that date of July 24th by bringing reinforcements to crush the uprising and relieve the besieged fortress.  The Templars told Avaris that Robert was not the real leader of their seven thousand man army, and since they would be outnumbered by at least three to one, the Scottish King considered abandoning the battle in favor of guerilla tactics.  William Wallace had made the mistake of gambling all at the Battle of Falkirk sixteen years earlier against Edward the first, where his pikemen were put on the defensive before being cut down by volleys of arrows.  
This time Templars would be among them, strengthening their formation with suicidal bravery and controlling the cavalry with Sir Robert Keith.  The Scots were emboldened by the presence of Crusaders as well as by the weather itself, which was favorable to them since it was as rainy and miserable as winter.  With natural boundaries around them, including the woods behind and a river to the south and east, they were planning on driving the English into a bottleneck.  There was a bridge over the Bannock Burn just north of the Tor Woods where the English would soon appear from the ancient Roman road, but to use it as a tactic would be a repeated folly of the British defeat at Stirling Bridge, where Wallace allowed half of the enemy troops to cross before attacking.  
The Scots wanted to make the English take the carse to the east near the intersection of waterways at the River Forth, because due to rainy weather the farmland was so wet that the Brits would be bogged down in the mud and become immobile.  To make it more difficult, Robert ordered holes to be dug above the steep slopes, creating slippery banks to hinder movement even more.  Everyone respected his past eight years of consistent warfare, but his fight only mattered after Edward the first had died on his way to forge a new campaign against the rebels, and when Robert killed John Comyn for the Scottish throne even the true successor’s family had joined the English against them.  Despite the feudal chaos and complex allegiances, the Scottish warriors looked to the Templars for inspiration.  
Roslyn pointed out Robert the Bruce from the crowd and Avaris looked to the tall man of about forty years who was known for making deals when it spared his life or served himself monetarily.  He had a full beard and countenance that reminded him of the faces of the Vikings in the longboat, which made sense because his family was named for their old settlement in Brieux, Normandy.  A great clamor overwhelmed the men when night began to fall and the last efforts were made to build a vice for the enemy.  
To the south the trampling of twenty thousand foot soldiers and their cavalry could be heard coming to help Sir Mowbray before he gave up Stirling Castle.  Edward the second had hurried his men to exhaustion, desiring a quick battle against the Scots before they could take refuge in the high walled stone fortress.  The Brits were setting up camp as darkness loomed, and Torrin was shown back to the nun’s quarters where he collapsed on the meager bedding that Roslyn offered him.  From a deep sleep he was awakened the next morning to the smell of fires being put out after breakfast.  The nun gave him her rations and was standing at the door of the tent, rubbing a wooden rosary between her fingers.  
“The war is starting, good knight.  They will need your steel if they are to rout the son of Satan.  I had another dream and once again God has shown me victory.”
“The angels are kind to those who deserve it,” Avaris responded with an ache in every muscle.  “But rarely in this life can they offer reprieve.” 
He stood up and saw that she had cleaned his clothes and chain mail and that she had polished his sword to keep away the damage from salty sea water.  The last thing he felt like doing was going to chop up other humans, but he dragged his weary bones into the daylight and walked through the woods to meet the rear ranks of the cavalry.  Roslyn told him that she would pray for him before she left with a sad look to accompany her pride.  She believed that war would bring them glory, but first they had to bleed to achieve it.  
The Templars among the pikemen issued orders and moved with great flexibility, a feat not even the Greeks could manage when they were conquered by the Romans at Cynoscephalae.  In a similar formation as the Macedonian phalanx, they were spread out to cover the eastern flank along with the south, keeping the cavalry as a reserve unit.  The English had greater numbers of knights as well, so Edward the second ordered his horsemen forward just as his father did at Falkirk to test the enemy lines and break them wherever possible.  Torrin was given a steed by a fellow Crusader and they rode to where Robert the Bruce oversaw the beginning of battle.  Two enemy units on horseback began crossing the bridge north of the Roman road in tight ranks that afforded little mobility.
“We will wait,” Robert told his men-at-arms, knowing that patience would win where arrogance was folly.  “Edward was forced to give control of his cavalry to the competing Earls of Gloucester and Hereford.  They bicker like children, I have heard, and sharing dominance may divide them.”
Once the enemy re-collected on the northern side of the bridge, they gave a few false starts to test the agility of the tightly compacted spearmen in the distance, but wherever they moved, the Scottish foot soldiers pointed their fifteen foot sharpened pikes.  The riders charged by furious order of their commanders, and once engaged the cavalry came running into a sea of thorns.  The armored thousand-pound horses drove forward into the porcupine defense of the Scots and the rear unit tried to swing around the pikemen until the reserves countered, covering their army’s weak spots and avoiding the threat of being easily surrounded.  
When the fruitless advance of the English failed, a knight on a massive war-horse came charging in a wide circle around his men.  As he lifted his lance and spurred his animal directly towards Robert the Bruce, the other men at arms warned their King.  He only carried a light battle axe against a fully-armored foe, but the Scotsman waited patiently until the nephew of the Earl of Hereford, Sir Henry de Bohun, reached him at full speed.  Robert turned his horse at the last moment, deflecting the enemy’s lance before swinging his axe and cleaving the knight’s head it two.  The thick iron helmet cracked in half and was followed by a burst of blood, and after Sir Bohun hit the ground, Robert looked regrettably at the broken handle of his favorite axe.  His men wanted to chide him for the risk he took but they were busy laughing with relief.  
A cheer suddenly went out and news traveled through the Scots that the Earl of Gloucester had been briefly knocked from his horse and as a result the English cavalry was withdrawing.  When a second attempt was soon sent forward over the road from Falkirk, Avaris was asked to take Robert’s orders to Sir Thomas Randolph on the left wing, whose pikemen were needed to drift north to counter the riders ordered by Edward to test the opposite side of combat.  Robert Clifford and Henry de Beaumont were leading the second charge of the Brits, but as the afternoon began to wane, the Scots were still strong in faith.  
Torrin gave the news to Randolph through other Templars among the phalanx and they moved to compensate for the tenacity of the English.  By the end of the first day of battle, however, the enemy was no closer to breaking the Scottish line.  Edward’s men had taken moderate losses after causing no real damage to the solidarity of the Scots, and the Highlanders returned to camp to be greeted by their families with ample praise for bravery.  Avaris would have felt lonely if not for Roslyn, who gave him the warmth of true devotion, a wife to God but a congenial host to the lost Templar.
“All has occurred as I have foreseen,” she told him as he sat in her tent, eating a hearty meal of soup and bread in the torchlight.  
“Be weary,” he replied.  “Their commander may be inept but we still face a frontal assault.”
“It has already happened in Heaven and you have won the day,” she insisted.  “What is most important is that we turn the victory of a minor battle into a long-lasting statement of democracy.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.  “Athena may be on our side, but we are not Greek.”
“We all share Viking blood.  Have you heard of the Icelandic Althing where Norse settlers created a pact to hold meetings between the tribal chieftains to discuss matters of law and controversy?  They would vote and bring order despite dissension, and they would choose their leaders just as our Scandinavian ancestors did.  Crusaders forge a document as we speak, around campfires they develop a declaration that will be given to the Pope by Bernard, the abbot of Arbroath Abby.  It will pass like a matter of Celtic unity and a result of our victory over English oppression,” said the hopeful nun.  “We will name virtue as our sovereignty and our enemy will be called ignorance, tyranny, and fanaticism.”
“Those vices won’t be conquered in a day,” said Torrin.  
“Of course not, it will take a thousand years,” Roslyn continued.  “But it can become the test of individuals who connect with the source and not an institution which is easily perverted by the corruption of men.  It will require Crusaders of every country and in every generation to face threats that seem insurmountable in danger that can suffocate their very lives.  We do not fight fire with fire, but use water against the burning hell.”
“Yet all human transitions are drenched in blood.”
“I agree,” she nodded regrettably.  “So you must fight until we overcome.”
“God will overcome,” Avaris corrected.

* * * * *

On the second day of battle, Edward the second made a foolish mistake.  First he spent all morning sending his troops through the muddy carse east of the Scottish position and it took them hours to get into formation after trekking through the bog like obstacle of swampy soil.  When the battle was finally set to begin, the Templars among the Scots called for them all to kneel in prayer before God, showing humility and supplication to the one from which all existence was created.  As soon as Edward saw the enemy drop to one knee, he arrogantly believed it to be a sign of surrender.  Confusing himself with God, with haughty impatience and against the arguments of his commanders, he sent his infantry to destroy the Scots.  Instead of wearing them down and finishing them with archers, Edward the second walked into defeat.  
Torrin was among other knights who followed Sir Robert Keith with their cavalry to pummel the English archers.  When both sides met in combat as foot-soldiers, the Scottish horse riders made their move, knowing that the pikemen could hold their own.  They drove north around the Brits and attacked the side of the bowmen, cutting through them easily and trampling them to death.  Avaris felt their arrows bounce off his shield while he hacked them apart with his bloodstained sword and his steed crushed the skulls of their wounded.  Once the archers were neutralized, the knights turned back, free to face the English riders and men at arms.  
Torrin saw the Earl of Gloucester cowering behind his men, full of fear after his near-death experience the previous day.  Clad in steel, they clashed with the ground shaking beneath them and he drove the Earl back where he was punctured by Scottish spearmen.  After the rest of his knights were taken from their horses and killed, a great cry of victory went out among the rebels.  Both cavalries sought the honor reserved for noblemen, but only one side had fixed their minds upon God.  Since they believed in themselves and their cause, a remnant of the original idea of Templar honor, their momentum continued from the day before.  Jerusalem had been lost but the true kingdom was never more than virtue, making the underdog a bigger beast as camp followers, craftsmen and farmers, women and the elderly, picked up makeshift weapons and joined their Scottish brethren.  
The English saw them coming from the woods and assumed them to be soldiers, creating a full rout when their lines began to break.  As a full retreat commenced, the Brits proceeded to run over each other to escape the slippery banks of the carse and went tripping down the steep hills.  Causing as many casualties as the enemy in their desperation, they tried to cross the River Forth and drowned, stacking the dead so heavily that the last to leave merely walked over the bodies to get away.   
“Edward was not captured,” Avaris heard a fellow Templar say after it was over.  They breathed hard with their horses and watched the carnage wrought upon the English with the thousands of Scots who roared in victory.
“Who cares?” said Sir Robert Keith.  “He will head to the coastline and take a ship home to London, but he is castrated politically.  It is only a matter of time before his impotence is uprooted, and the rest of his army will have to walk on foot past every Scottish town between here and England.  Before they reach the safety of their own territory, they will have to face the civilians they’ve been oppressing.  They will find no shelter and receive no rest, they will only find justice and the retribution of a vengeful God.”
“God will not kill them,” Torrin pointed out.  “He just won’t offer them mercy for the innocence they destroyed.”  
After he spoke those words, the Templar thought about the light blue eyes of Roslyn and how she had seemed so sure about what was going to happen.  Time had proven her right about everything, so perhaps God really did send an angel of inspiration to show her the truth.  Avaris decided that he needed to pray again, something he had avoided after the death of his wife and children.  He would have to be ready to see them again someday.
