The Fall of Shaylar
A prequel to the
Jewels of Chandra series
River Fairchild
Copyright ©2014 by River Fairchild
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
First edition published May, 2014
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Cover art and jacket design ©2014 by Erin Dameron-Hill, Award-Winning Graphic Artist 
http://edameronhill.wix.com/edhgraphics
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Acknowledgements
To my family
Thank you for all your support and understanding when I talk to my characters more than to you.
To my four-footed babies
It doesn’t help when you walk across my keyboard but I appreciate your enthusiasm.
To my awesome readers
I love you all. Sharing my stories with you gives them purpose and meaning. Without you, they’d merely be words on paper. Thank you for your generous support and I hope you’ll come along with me on this incredible journey.
I love being an independent author, able to publish stories that cross genres. One challenge, though, is promotion. If you’ve enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review on Goodreads or one of the online bookstores. Your show of support makes a big difference.
Table of Contents
Map
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
About River Fairchild
Other Books by River Fairchild
Untethered Realms
Map of the Kingdoms of Chandra

Chapter One
Two Princes
Kingdom of Shaylar, harvest season, 467th year of the Celaka
The gren circled high overhead, the large scavenger scouting the valley for prey, expanding its vast wings to their fullest as it swept the area. Narmek watched it from the road for a moment, then let his gaze travel over the fields, ripe with the new harvest. Some of the peasants out there would stop working now, either cowering in fear or kneeling in the dirt, seeking protection from whatever ill omen they thought the bird possessed. A superstition he hoped would pass from legend with time. It did his people no good to worry about such an ordinary creature, no matter how huge it might be or how fearsome it looked. Narmek smiled as he privately admitted to needing his own advice. He’d been raised on the same fables as the rest of the people.
He rode on, seeing the large diamond embedded in the massive stone wall sparkling in the noonday sun, its brilliance centered within the symbol of his Ruling House—an open hand, with a crescent moon and diamond resting within its palm. The symbol represented the peaceful reign of Shaylar. Witnessing it gave Narmek great comfort as he trotted his horse through the open gate and started up the hill to the castle proper. He could see workers hanging precariously out the windows of the high towers and chuckled. Nothing was too difficult to attempt, according to them, even stringing banners from unlikely places. Narmek appreciated their excitement over the impending birth of the new heir. They were almost as anxious as he, for the child would be his first.
He handed his reins off to the Master of the Horse and hurried inside to the Queen’s private rooms, high in one of the many towers. Meelate greeted him with a smile as he crossed over to the bed and kissed her hand.
“How is my lovely wife today?” He saw the blush of her cheeks and a wince as she shifted positions.
“Don’t let me go outside. I may roll down the mountain.”
“Are you in pain? I could fetch the midwife…” His alarm rose each time she grimaced lately, though she repeatedly assured him all was well.
“I’m fine. Really. Though I’d gladly trade places with you right now.”
“I think not!” He laughed and tried to dismiss the tension from his long limbs. The Queen looked in good health, her long, dark hair loose and spilling down over her shoulders like a headdress made from the finest silk. Her green eyes glinted with a hint of mischief. Only the dark circles under her eyes betrayed the strain.
“The servants have been in all morning, discussing plans for the feast. I’m fairly worn from all the decisions. And the priest came by…” She winced again, her face contorting into a frown.
“You’re not well. I’ll tell Cook to take care of the details.”
“It’s nothing. The midwife said to expect the twinges.” She reached out to pat his hand but couldn’t lean forward enough to touch him.
“What did the priest want?” he asked as he moved closer to her.
“I don’t know.” She gazed off into the distance and wrinkled her nose. Her hand stroked the diamonds at her throat as if willing the magic contained within the stones to give her comfort. Narmek’s hand went to his torque in response, the amulet of his House cool against his fingertips.
“He was nervous,” she said. “Wringing his hands. It’s depressing to be in his presence. All that black. Black robe, black torque around his neck—he sucks the light from the room when he enters. He’s a blight of darkness.”
“He said nothing?” Narmek wasn’t fond of the dour priest and tried to avoid him. Lately the man acted more strangely than usual, gathering his oracles in the garden instead of inside the temple, as if he wanted to make his presence known for all to see. The thought occurred to Narmek that the oracles might have had a vision about the birth. Narmek’s blood chilled in his body. He felt cold all over.
Nonsense. His imagination only proved his excitement, nothing more.
“He said good morning. Delivered the Old Ones’ blessings and left.” Meelate shook her head and smiled up at him. “I was glad to be rid of him so easily.”
“I’ll speak to him. Tell him not to disturb you anymore.” He kissed her on the cheek. “Rest now.”
Narmek strode from the room, an unease crawling along his spine like bony fingers tapping at his backbone. He stepped out onto a balcony and basked in the sunshine until warm again.
The green valley far below glowed in the light. Peace reigned in the land and it showed as happy peasants went about their day, greeting each other while carts wheeled past on their way to market. They didn’t mind being lowborn, without the magic of the highborn nobility. As King, he made sure they knew their own worth and value to the Kingdom.
The fragrance of apples drifted along the soft breeze and he inhaled deeply, savoring the smell. It reminded him of earlier days when he was a boy. He’d climb the trees in the orchard out back and eat apples while hidden in the branches, snickering when his nurse came outside and called his name over and over again until she gave up. She’d go back inside the castle to complain to his mother, who’d come out to find him sitting quietly by the door, studying his lesson sheets.
A shadow passed over him and Narmek looked up at the single cloud blocking the sun. The gren streaked past, seeming to aim its ugly head directly at him, as if contemplating a dive onto the balcony. Narmek felt a moment’s disorientation; his vision blurred and he closed his eyes for a brief time. When he opened them again, the bird was gone.
Superstition. Leave it be.
The chill came back. He turned and went inside, determined to shake off his unsettled mood and have a word with the priest.
Narmek found the man in the garden, kneeling in front of the ancient statue of the Old Ones, the headless sculpture of stone towering over him.
“I’d have a word with you, Priest.”
The older man rose, his head bowed as he faced him. “Yes, Your Majesty? I’m at your service always.”
Narmek noticed the man’s hands trembled as he clasped them together in front of him.
“The Queen needs her rest. I’d request she not be disturbed.”
“I…yes, Your Majesty. I apologize for my thoughtless intrusion.”
“Was there something you needed to speak to her about? It’s not your habit to enter the Queen’s rooms.” Narmek watched the priest jerk his head up, eyes wide. The whites of them seemed the milky pools of the dead. The man blinked and Narmek saw only normal eyes of the living once more. The phantom fingers scuttled up his back again, an unease imparted through their sequence of tapping.
“Nothing, Your Majesty. Only blessings for the birth.”
“And your oracles have nothing to tell you?” Narmek pressed, his apprehension growing rather than shrinking.
“Nothing of importance, Your Majesty. An uncertainty far off in the future. Perhaps it’s a failure with the crops. Nothing to report.” The priest looked up at the statue. His lips moved slightly but no sound emerged.
Narmek grunted. “Very well then.”
He turned away, agreeing with Meelate’s assessment. The man was a blight of darkness. Cook came running toward him, a welcome interruption as he left the priest to his prayers.
“Your Majesty,” the gangly man bobbed and swayed as he tried to bow and trot up to him at the same time before skidding to a halt. Narmek smiled at Cook’s enthusiasm and nodded. “The feast be ready one day after you give word. There be plenty to help the glad preparations.”
“Thank you, Cook. Your joy is most welcome.”
The man bobbed again and took off running. Narmek thought it must be how the man stayed so skinny. No meat on his bones at all. He patted his own midsection. Still muscled but perhaps going soft. If he had a boy things will be different. He’d need to stay in shape so he could teach the young prince to swing a sword and hunt. To rule the Kingdom after he was gone.
What maudlin thoughts are these? I’m expecting a child yet thinking of my own funeral? It was the gren. And the priest. And worry over Meelate’s condition. Nothing more. No portent. No oracle spewing dire predictions of death.
He’d no sooner entered the castle when his wife’s Lady in Waiting walked up to him and curtsied, her plain face radiant with joy.
“It’s time, Your Majesty. The midwife is with Her Grace now.”
Heat and ice took turns flushing his face. His palms grew damp and he wiped them on his cloak.
“Thank you for informing me.” His voice sounded strangled even to his own ears and Narmek saw the knowing smile on her face.
After she left him, he started up the stairs to the tower. His boots echoed on the stone steps with the beat of a march. He slowed as he neared the floor with her rooms but didn’t enter the hallway. He didn’t belong there. Not now.
Narmek kept going, up to the very top of the tower. The small room gave him no more than sixteen paces in each direction. He used each stone, walking first one way and then another. After a time, he started in the middle and walked a spiral, thinking of nothing more than his footsteps, keeping the fear away by refusing to consider anything other than the measured tread of his feet.
The stars had come and gone again, with Belokan—the red star resting at the bottom of the Wheel of Change—sinking below the western horizon as the dawn chased it from sight. His legs had grown weary hours ago but he ignored the ache. His mind wandered, trying to remember how long such things took. He heard boots running up the stairs. Narmek braced himself for whatever news he would receive and rushed to the door.
“Your Majesty, you have twin sons. Two princes, both healthy and strong,” his Master of the Wardrobe said.
“Twins? Two sons? I have twin sons!” Narmek shouted the last. Then his heart shriveled. “And the Queen? Is she well?”
“She is, Your Majesty. Only tired, according to her Ladies.” The man bowed to him and started back down the stairs, leaving Narmek with a silly grin on his face.
Twin boys…doubly blessed. He hurried down the steps, coming to a halt in front of the closed doors of the Queen’s rooms. She wouldn’t be ready to see him yet. He went to the dining room, suddenly starved and parched with thirst.
The bells began to ring in the tower, announcing the arrival of his sons. His sons! A more joyous sound than he’d ever heard before.
“Set the feast for one week from today,” he told Cook as the man personally delivered a plate of food to him, mounded high with meat and dumplings, along with a loaf of hot bread and sliced apples.
“The Old Ones have truly smiled on Your Majesties today,” Cook said and bounded back into the kitchen, returning with ale and a basket of pastries to set in front of him.
Soon after eating, Narmek stepped quietly into the Queen’s room. She lay there on the bed with her eyes closed, looking pale and still. His stomach knotted, the food weighing heavily in his gut. Then she opened her eyes and smiled, banishing the dark shadows.
“Are you pleased?” she teased him, knowing full well how he felt, with the grin spreading on his face.
He tried to look stern. “Couldn’t you have had one of each?”
She flipped her hand at him and he caught it, kissing her fingertips. Meelate closed her eyes once more and Narmek realized he was keeping her from resting.
“Sleep now. I’ll go see my sons.”
“I was thinking,” she said, sleep thick in her voice, “about names. Do you like Camon and Sanrev?”
“Those are fine names, my love. Sleep now.” He left the room as quietly as he’d entered, at peace with the knowledge that all was right in his world.
Chapter Two
Bad Omens
The oracles had gathered around the priest in the small temple behind the King’s orchard, their solemn eyes focused on him as one. Anondar gazed at their youthful faces, recalling how each one of them had found their way into the service of the Old Ones, enabling them to enjoy a peaceful existence instead of remaining in poverty as orphans or grappling with an uncertain future.
Until now.
The decision before him lanced his heart, the pain sharper than any blade could possible inflict. If he told the truth, these boys—the children he never had—could die. But if he kept the information to himself, the whole Kingdom would suffer. He wrung his hands, quietly asking for guidance yet again.
And the Old Ones continued their silence. It was to be his decision alone. His to suffer over. His to decide whom or what to sacrifice.
A bitter tear slipped from his eye and still the young oracles remained attentive, ignoring his weakness. He didn’t deserve their devotion and yet they gave it. It made the situation even worse; he couldn’t possibly choose to put them in harm’s way.
But deciding to lie to the King would violate his oath. He’d have to leave the priesthood and then what would become of his children? Who would take care of them as he had? Love them as he did?
Maybe their visions wouldn’t become any clearer. Right now all they’d reported were vague times of trouble ahead. These portents had all been from before the birth.
Births, he corrected himself. This is where the problem became more specific. Ancient prophecies spoke of the malignancy of twin births. Usually one or both died, being too small to survive. It was a bad omen to have twins for that reason alone but he’d heard the two boys were healthy and thriving. The ancient prophecies had something more sinister in mind but didn’t clarify the problem.
“Have any of you had a vision since the royal births?” He gazed at the three who raised their hands, silently willing them to tell him the vague portents hadn’t changed.
The first two said just that and Anondar found his breath flowing a little easier into his chest. The constriction in his throat loosened and he swallowed in gratitude.
The third, though, sent his heart pounding faster. Treestan stepped forward, the young man taller now by several inches than when he’d arrived eight years ago. The priest remembered the starving boy who’d been living in the fields, a twelve year old stealing scraps of food from the farm animals in order to survive. His determination had impressed Anondar and he’d brought the boy here to the temple, explaining the danger of the Atorweed initiation truthfully to him. Treestan had stared at Anondar for a moment, his eyes revealing the horrors of his existence.
“I’d like to serve the Old Ones if it means I can stay with you,” he’d said.
“And if you die from the Atorweed?” Anondar said in a gentle voice.
“It’s better than going back out there.” The weariness in his words convinced the priest to perform the secret ritual, even though the boy was older than the usual initiate.
Treestan stood before him now, his head high, waiting to give his report. Anondar nodded, hope sinking further with each uttered word.
“I’m ready to deliver the message to the King,” he said when he finished the litany. “The Old Ones will do as they wish. I’m not afraid.”
He knows how dangerous his words are. Anondar grieved for the young man but nodded his acceptance. They could all perish this day. The priest hoped he would be first. He couldn’t bear to see his children die.
“Then it’s settled.”

Five days after the births of the twins, a servant announced the arrival of an oracle while Narmek stood gazing at his perfect sons in their nursery.
“I’ll meet him outside.” He bent to kiss each tiny head before he left, wondering why an oracle should present himself without the priest being present. Perhaps some calamity had befallen the man.
The oracle standing before him was a slim lad of about twenty. As with all oracles he wore no torque around his neck, only the baggy black robe all in the service of the Old Ones wore. His long blond hair had a shaggy quality to it, neither straight nor curly.
Narmek had the peculiar feeling of an ancient soul when he looked into the boy’s eyes, a being who’d seen too much in a short span of time; one who saw beyond this frail life and longed for the crossing into the next.
“I am Treestan, Your Majesty, and I’ve come to deliver a warning from the Old Ones.”
His proclamation set Narmek’s teeth on edge, while at the same time started his heartbeat to race, the sound pulsating in his ears.
“Out with it.” Better to get it over with and have the oracle gone from his door.
“Your Majesty, the vision has come to me thusly: The births of twin boys in the Kingdom of Shaylar shall see its ruin. There will be death upon the land, the peasants shall riot in the streets. What was once a proud and peaceful Kingdom shall turn into a valley of dust and sorrow.”
He took in a breath, beginning anew even as Narmek moved to stop him.
“The brothers will turn on each other, fighting to the death in their hatred for each other. The magic of the Kingdom shall flee the land, usurping the quality of the soil, destroying the nature of the elements. All of Chandra shall spin out of balance, terminating the other four Kingdoms, where five once stood proud and whole.”
“Guards,” Narmek called out, a cold fury settling inside his chest. “Take him to the dungeon.”
“Do with me as you will.” The oracle’s voice changed to that of a young man, no longer speaking with the power of the prophecy. “But know this. The Old Ones sent the vision to me for a reason. Heed their words. More is at stake than the lives of two boys.”
The guards led the unresisting oracle out of his sight. Narmek bolted up the stairs, storming into the nursery and scaring the women tending the infants.
“Leave us,” he ordered and they melted from the room as wraiths, as if they feared for their lives. He must look like thunder in their eyes, he thought and drew in a deep breath before approaching the twin cradles.
Camon woke, his swaddling clothes bound tightly around him so he seemed a bundle of rags with two eyes and a mouth—a mouth which now opened in protest. Narmek picked up his son and the babe ceased his cry as quickly as he’d begun, eyes solemn as he stared at his father.
Narmek’s heart filled with joy as he held this life in his hands. No one would speak against his precious sons ever again. The vision was false; it must be so. His children lived in an atmosphere of duty and devotion. Narmek himself had enjoyed a pleasing childhood. Had lived in harmony with his siblings. It was the way of ruling families. His father and his father’s father before him had instilled the necessary qualities for ruling in peace to their children.
Would he be any less of a father? The implication angered him. How dare an oracle disparage his King in that manner? The young man was a subject of the Kingdom, bound to obey his King in all things. To speak against him was treason. The punishment death. No one was spared. He set Camon down in his cradle, kissing both boys before leaving the room.
“Bring the priest to me,” he said to one of his guards, who hurried off to do his bidding.
The priest shuffled into the drawing room, his arm held in a tight hold by the guard who’d brought him from the temple.
“Leave us,” Narmek said and drew his sword as the guard closed the doors behind him. He watched the priest blanch as he stared at the blade in the King’s hand.
“One of your oracles has spoken treason to his King. Do you have any knowledge of this?” He tapped the sword against his boot, the noise measured and lethal, its sound a beat of death in an otherwise silent room. The priest’s body shook, a trickle of sweat running down his face. Narmek raised the blade up, resting it to his shoulder.
“N-no, Your Majesty,” the priest whimpered into the stillness surrounding them. “Please. The oracle acted alone. I…we have no knowledge of his words. None.”
“Then leave me.” Narmek sheathed his blade. “Go back to your temple and pray that others won’t become entangled in the same deception.”
The priest garbled a word of gratitude while choking on his breath and fled the room. Narmek stood there for a time, willing his rage to subside. Willing his fear to dissipate. Willing the oracle’s words to be but lies and not the truth.

The day of the feast arrived. The peasants gathered in the valley below, their cheers loud enough to reach the ears of everyone in the castle. Narmek stood proudly on an upper balcony with Meelate and two servants, each holding a babe in her arms. The King and Queen waved to the people below—the highborn gathered in the courtyard and the lowborn in the valley—on this happy day. The celebration of his sons’ births was about to commence.
Narmek signaled to the executioner down at the front gate, where a block had been erected. The hooded man nodded once and brought his axe down on the neck of the young man kneeling in front of him. The head rolled into the straw, dirty blond hair mixing with the blood pooling beneath it.
The axe man lifted the head of the oracle for all to see, announcing the sentence in a booming voice which carried into the crowd. “Know the punishment for treason against our King and tremble. Still your tongues for fear of my blade, in the name of His Majesty the King.”
The crowd roared their approval. Narmek felt the love of his people in the swelling of their voices as the head was carried to the gate and impaled on a pole. The executioner then read from a proclamation the King had written earlier. “By order of His Majesty, King Narmek of Shaylar, no oracle or other person shall claim to have received a vision or portent involving the Princes Camon and Sanrev of the Kingdom of Shaylar. So let it be known from this day forward.”
Meelate slid her hand through the crook of his elbow. “Are you going to tell me what the oracle said?”
“It’s of no importance, my wife. Lies should not be repeated. Come and let us celebrate the lives of our sons.” He led her off the balcony and into the dining hall to greet their guests on this auspicious day.
Chapter Three
Brothers
476th year of the Celaka
Sanrev hid in the apple orchard, lying in wait for his brother to pass by. The hilt of the blunt, wooden practice sword dug into his ribs when he sat down so he pulled it from the leather sheath strapped around his waist and laid the sword across his lap. Camon thought he was a good swordsman but Sanrev knew himself to be better. He’d seen the Master of the Sword nod his approval when he thought Sanrev wasn’t looking.
Camon walked through the grass between the trees, watching the clouds in the sky. Bad form, as the Master would say. One should always be alert for trouble. As Camon passed by his hiding spot, Sanrev leaped out and hit his brother with a backhanded swipe.
“I knew you were there,” Camon said as he turned around, though Sanrev had seen him jump from the blow as if frightened at first.
“Did not. You’re lying.”
“Did too.” Camon pounced on Sanrev and they went down, rolling in a tussle as they laughed.
Nurse called to them to get ready for supper and they both jumped to their feet, picking twigs out of their hair as they went.
“You’re slower than me,” Camon taunted and started running.
“Not when you give fair warning,” Sanrev shot back and ran after him, reaching the doorway just behind his brother. Which meant he was faster, since Camon had a much bigger head start.
“I’m going hunting in the morning,” their father announced as they sat down to eat, looking first at Camon, then Sanrev. “Would you like to come along?”
“Yes, Father!” Sanrev could hardly contain himself. Only his mother’s dislike of bouncing in the chair kept him still.
“Yes, Father,” Camon said after a moment’s hesitation and Sanrev secretly gloated when his father frowned at his brother.
Sanrev thought Camon didn’t like going because of the older boys. They teased him when no one was listening. The other boys didn’t do that to him but he’d made sure to make friends with them. Camon thought he was better than the others, because he would be King someday. It was a dumb way to think.
“I want my sons to learn to do everything together,” his father said, a lecture he often gave. “You’re brothers and family must come first. Always remember that.”
“Yes, Father,” they answered in unison and rolled their eyes at each other when he looked away.
Sanrev glanced over at his brother and wondered, not for the first time, why his twin got to be King and he didn’t, just because he was born first. What if they got them mixed up? Maybe he was really firstborn and Camon second.
True, they didn’t look exactly alike; Camon had blond hair and his was much darker, but weren’t babies born bald? It could have happened.
He saw his mother give him a warning look to finish eating and he bent his head to his plate, trying to push the thought from his mind. It was too late to change things now anyway, no matter if it were true or not.

The month after harvest brought a visitor to the castle—a wizard. Sanrev leaned out the upper window, trying to see if he could spot the dignitary coming down the road through the valley. He didn’t know if his father was going to introduce them to this strange guest or not. Nurse said they should dress in their good clothes and stay clean, in case he sent for them. What she really meant was sit up here and don’t do anything except be bored.
Sanrev kicked at a chipped stone in the wall with his boot, seeing if he could get it to crack some more. It didn’t budge. Maybe he could fix it with magic and murmured a spell he made up that sounded like it might work. He thought he felt the magic tingle a bit through his torque but it was hard to tell. He crawled down onto the floor and examined the stone. Maybe it looked a little bit fixed. Maybe. Or maybe he needed better words. It was something to ask about.
The girls his age could already weave metal by moving their fingers over the strands to make jewelry. They didn’t even have to touch it. His mother said that was a woman’s special magic and his would get stronger soon. He had to be patient and let it happen.
Sanrev went to the window again and saw a man coming up the hill on a horse. His breath caught in his throat. The wizard looked up at the tower and raised his hand in greeting. At him. He was sure of it! How did the wizard know he was up here watching from that distance?
Excitement rolled off Sanrev in waves of glee. He had to go meet him. He had to. The wizards had even more magic than the highborn. Even more than his father, the King of Shaylar. Everybody said so. It must be true, too. The wizards did something to the King’s steel with magic, making the royal guards’ swords stronger than any others. Even his father couldn’t do that.
He felt a twinge of guilt about comparing his father to the wizard but the thought faded as he saw the wizard dismount from his horse and walk out of Sanrev’s line of sight, heading toward the castle’s main entrance. He picked up his wooden sword and practiced his thrusts while he waited to be called downstairs.
A short time later, Sanrev heard heavy boots pound on the stone steps and rushed to the door, flinging it open as a guard raised his hand to knock. The man smiled at him and bowed his head.
“His Majesty requests your presence, Prince Sanrev.”
Sanrev drew himself up to his full height. “I’m ready,” he said and bounded down the stairs ahead of the guard, leaving him far behind.
Disappointment slapped him in the face to find Camon already standing in the receiving room when he got there. His envy turned to wonder, though, as the wizard rose from his chair.
“Chaog, may I present Prince Sanrev?” his father said.
The wizard inclined his head as Sanrev gave him his best bow. He knew he shouldn’t stare but it was the first time he’d ever seen a wizard.
His eyes shone with an odd color, almost purple like his father’s royal robes, but not quite. Lighter than that. This must be what lavender meant, a word he’d heard used to describe a wizard’s eyes.
Chaog brushed his long hair back over one shoulder and Sanrev studied his ear in fascination. He had two lobes, the front one jutting out at an angle from the other. Sanrev’s body went rigid when the wizard responded to the introduction.
“I am most pleased to meet you, young Prince Sanrev.”
Sanrev had been told the wizards’ voices didn’t sound like theirs but hearing him speak transcended any notions he’d had of what he might hear. Soft bells rippled through his voice, better than any music Sanrev had ever heard. He might have stayed in a daze all day if his father hadn’t started speaking again, the familiar voice bringing him back to reality.
“Chaog requested you both be present for a special reason.” He inclined his head at the wizard, who lifted a bundle lying at his feet. He unwrapped the fur blanket with great ceremony, so slowly Sanrev’s foot begin to jiggle with impatience. He glanced sideways at Camon and saw his brother’s face, wide-eyed and flushed, his hands opening and closing as if to snatch the bundle out of the wizard’s hands.
At last the contents peeked out from its furry shroud and the wizard held the object sideways in both hands. Sanrev’s breath caught. It was a sword but unlike anything he’d ever seen before.
A tiny dragon, fashioned in silver, graced the hilt. Its body curled around and around, with spaces left for a man’s fingers to grasp the weapon. Rubies sparkled in the dragon’s eyes, seeming to wink at Sanrev in the light.
“My gift to you, King of Shaylar,” the wizard said, holding it out to him. “One of the last Dragon Swords made in the ancient fashion.”
Sanrev held his breath as his father took it, his own fingers twitching to touch the sword for himself. Would the dragon come alive if he touched it? No telling what it might do. The wizard’s magic might do anything.
“It is my wish that this sword serve your House well, to be passed down through generations of Kings.”
The words knocked a hole in Sanrev’s stomach. Not even Chaog’s bell voice could disperse the gloom settling in Sanrev’s gut. Camon would get to keep the sword. Not him.
His head itched like he’d laid in a bed of ants and he looked up to find the wizard gazing at him. Sanrev grasped his hands behind his back—it wasn’t polite to scratch in front of company—even as he became lost in the lavender depths of those eyes. The itching stopped as suddenly as it had begun and the wizard looked away.
“I’m honored to receive such a fine gift.” His father ran his fingers across the hilt but the dragon didn’t come alive. It wasn’t magical, then. “Go now, my sons. We have business to attend to.”
“Can you believe it?” Camon whispered to him after they’d left the room. “Someday that sword will be mine.”
Sanrev ignored him, turning away to climb the steps to his separate tower and the comfort of his room. It was just another sword. Camon could have it, just like he got first pick of everything else. One day he’d show them all that he was worthy of the same attention. Better, even. They’d be sorry for all the snubs someday.

Far Isle, island compound of the wizards
Chaog met the boat when he reached the south edge of the continent, weary of people and longing for home. No breeze stirred to fill a sail but he didn’t need it. Magic propelled the small boat through the waters, the bottom skimming along the tops of the ocean swells. Within a few hours he touched shore again and made his way to the tropical compound where forty-three wizards lived and planned their future.
A greeting committee met him as soon as he walked into the massive compound, not even giving him time to enjoy the shadowy coolness or relax on one of the soft sofas.
“What did we accomplish by giving Shaylar a Dragon Sword?” Zantira shook her head, her silvery mane of hair floating about her shoulders.
“I deemed it necessary.” Chaog glared at her. She returned his look in like fashion. “Since it was mine to give, it’s not your concern. The sword will help me focus on the power of Shaylar’s magic. If its link to the King weakens because of strife, I’ll be able to feel the changes.”
“But how will knowing this help us claim the magic for ourselves?” one of the other wizards spoke, his face a mask of concern. “We hide on this island like outcasts when we are stronger than them.”
“Need I remind you? We created the highborn!”
Zantira interrupted him. “Yes, to call the magic to us. It failed. You keep trying different methods but we don’t see any progress.”
Chaog looked around the room, holding each one’s attention until the murmuring died down. “We have more magic, yes, but there are few of us and many of them. Destroying the Kingdom isn’t the answer. To do so would ensure the magic not being granted to us. It’s tied to the present ruler and he oversees his land and people well.”
“Then what’s the plan, if he’s so in tune with the magic?” another said.
Chaog smiled, confident in his plan. “The twins. I plan to take it from them.”
They were silent for a moment, contemplating his words. Then Minalia spoke up, shaking his confidence. She normally sided with him. “What about the wild magic of the lowborn humans? Won’t we still have to contend with them?”
“I have an idea in mind for them. We will create an army to command, one they have no chance to defend themselves against. But that’s for later.” Chaog raised his hands in the air to make sure he had their attention. “Events will change. I know it. We have to be patient. We can afford to be, given our lifespans. For now, you will listen to my counsel. Understood?”
A few gave him a sullen look but he paid them no mind. It would go as he’d envisioned. They wouldn’t have long to wait. Not long at all.
Chapter Four
Rivals
483rd year of the Celaka
Camon caught another glimpse of her in the marketplace, just as he had a week ago when he’d ridden through the valley. She had to be the most beautiful girl in the Kingdom. Her straw-colored hair flowed past her small waist in ringlets, tied at the back of her neck with a ribbon but falling over her shoulder each time she bent over to pick something up. The silky mass brushed the ground as she reached for another item. If he could be the ground for this moment in time…
“Are you coming?” Sanrev poked him in the shoulder as he stopped his horse beside him. “What are you staring at?”
“Nothing.” Everything. “And don’t poke me. It’s not dignified.”
His brother laughed at him. No humility at all. “You’re not King yet. I’ll poke you as I please.”
Sanrev jabbed him again for good measure and slapped the reins against his horse, riding off without him. Camon stole one last glance and found the girl staring back at him, dropping her head when she saw him focus on her. He smiled and slowly rode past, trusting his horse to know the way so he could keep her in his sight for as long as possible.
Two days later, Camon spotted her on the castle grounds, heading toward the kitchen. He wound back through the castle and made a show of seeking out old Cook, ostensibly to check on the menu for tonight’s festivities.
The girl wasn’t there, though he inspected each corner of the vast room.
“Seeking out the mice, my Prince?” Cook gave him a wink when Camon jumped.
“No, I…” Camon saw Cook’s easy smile and relaxed. The man had held this position since before Camon’s birth. He could be trusted not to say anything. “Who was the girl I saw coming this way? The one with all the blonde curls?”
“Ah. She be Darlena, the new butcherman’s daughter. She’s to be one of the new serving girls.”
“Darlena…” Her name melted on his lips and his heart gave a thump against his ribs.
“I heard the Master of the Horse be bringing his daughter tonight to introduce to the Court. Maybe she’ll be pretty enough?”
Camon heard the thought not spoken and gave Cook a stiff nod, sliding back out of the kitchen without another word. The daughter of the Master of the Horse was highborn; a butcherman’s daughter a lowborn peasant—not a suitable match for royalty.
Dinner was lively; the music pleasant to listen to between conversations. Camon suffered through the introductions of several highborn girls, all the while watching to catch glimpses of Darlena as she served the lower tables in the hall. Not once did she look up at him and his heart sank.
The daughter of the Master of the Horse looked like the animals her father cared for. The others didn’t strike him as much better, though Sanrev chatted with them all, escorting each one onto the dance floor after dinner. His brother seemed to take a perverse delight in bringing each one to the table afterward, loudly announcing that Camon would be honored to dance with them next.
“Stop bringing me dance partners,” Camon shot from the corner of his mouth in a brief moment of rest between dances. “I can find my own.”
“I’m only following orders.” Sanrev opened his eyes wide but the corner of his mouth twitched. “Our mother thought you might be shy this evening.”
“She told you no such thing.”
Sanrev shrugged. “Go ask her then.” He laughed and turned away as the musicians started up again. They both knew Camon couldn’t afford to ask her the question. After another dance with horse-girl, Camon longed to sneak off to the kitchen.
It wasn’t fair. He knew how highborn marriages worked. The wife had most of the magic but couldn’t cast spells. She bequeathed her power to her husband, weaving the marriage torque to augment the one his mother had made for him. He touched the silver amulet suspended at his throat; the palm with a crescent moon and diamond nestled within it, signifying the House of Shaylar.
He was of the Royal House. His magic was of the land—much stronger than any of the nobility, even those with a wife to augment their power. What would it matter if he chose a lowborn wife?
She couldn’t weave a torque for our sons or teach our daughters to weave metal. He pushed the thought away as Darlena walked back into the hall, her arms laden with platters of sweets. Her presence outshone all the finery in the room, even though dressed in simple spun cloth. The other women faded into the background, pale substitutes against her radiance.
Goosebumps traveled along his arms and he glanced down the long table to find his mother giving him an odd look, as if worried. Camon smiled at her and brought his wine cup to his lips, sipping the liquid as though his mind didn’t burn with a fever.
“Mother wants to know if you’re feeling ill?” Sanrev informed him a few minutes later. “She says you look glassy-eyed.”
Camon studied his brother—dark good looks, easy smile, adventuresome attitude—and felt a pang of jealousy. Sanrev did as he pleased. No responsibilities. Everybody liked him.
Camon straightened in his chair and made a decision. “She’s right. I’m not well. Please make my excuses to her.”
He stood and went up the back tower to his rooms, disconsolate about life in general and a fair-haired girl in particular. Kingship seemed like a poor substitute for a happy life.
His brooding ended a week later as he sat in the middle of the apple orchard, watching the stars come out as the light faded from the sky. Camon lay on his back, wondering why the five stars overhead were called the Five Gates. Gates to what? They couldn’t be touched. Weren’t gates supposed to swing open and closed? Maybe the Old Ones had some purpose for them that people didn’t understand. Maybe that’s where their heads were kept, since they weren’t on their statues. He chuckled, then whispered an apology for his blasphemy.
“Hello? Is someone out here?” A girl’s voice called in the darkness—not timid, only curious.
Camon scrambled to his feet and peered into the darkness. “Who’s out there?”
“Oh! I’m sorry, Prince Camon. I won’t disturb you.”
Camon caught a glimpse of a swing of light hair and his stomach flopped over on itself. “Darlena? Is it you?”
“Yes, my Prince.” She walked into view, her head lowered so he couldn’t see her face.
A brashness overtook him and he reached her side in three long strides, putting a finger under her chin and lifting until she looked into his face. He saw she was no shy maiden for she smiled at him then—the curve of her lips begging him to taste them. A jolt of excitement flashed through his body until his limbs shook.
She became the bolder of the two, guiding his hands in pleasurable ways he had no experience with. Her simple shift dropped to the ground and Camon thanked the Old Ones for delivering Darlena to him. They wouldn’t have allowed it if it wasn’t to be so. Teacher had told him the Old Ones willed everything to happen as it should be.
They met most nights after the castle had retired. Camon found it easy to slip out through the servant doors in back. As for Darlena, she bunked with the other young women who served the royal family, no longer living with her parents down in the valley.
Camon loved her for three blissful months—until the night Sanrev confronted him as he snuck back into the castle before the cock crowed. He found his brother leaning against the wall halfway up the tower steps, his arms crossed over his chest.
“They know,” he said and gave Camon a shake of his head before walking back down the stairway, his boots hitting the stone with the measured beat of a funeral drum.
The next morning his father called him into the room where the King conducted business, a room Camon seldom had reason to enter. He looked tired, Camon thought as he stood in front of his father’s massive desk. Older too.
“The servant girl is being sent away,” his father said without glancing at him. “You will stay away from the lowborn from now on. Have I made myself clear?”
Camon knew if he made a protest, Darlena would suffer for it. “Yes, Father.”
His father looked into his face then, perhaps searching for the truth of his compliance. Camon kept his face calm with great effort, his hands balled into a knot behind his back.
“You’re dismissed. Send in one of the guards on your way out.”
Camon did as he was told, then ran outside. Where would she be this time of day? He searched through the knot of servants working in the garden, mud splattering their clothes as they picked the vegetables needed for tonight’s meal. She wasn’t there, so he turned toward the kitchen.
The aroma of baked bread clung to her as Darlena rounded the corner by the huge stone ovens, surprise flitting across her face when she spotted him. “Good morning, Prince Camon.”
Her subservience crushed his spirit. It was wrong to be forced to behave in a certain manner because of the family one was born into. Camon drew her body to him, not caring who saw his actions.
“I love you,” he cried as she tried to pull away from him. “I’ll find you, I swear it. I’ll get you back.”
“What are you saying?” Her eyes widened with fright as he released her.
“Prince Camon, please step aside.” The voice behind him belonged to one of the King’s guards.
Darlena hung her head, refusing to look at him. Camon stared as the guard took her by the arm, leading her toward the stables. He stood in place and watched as they rode away, Darlena never once raising her head to meet his eyes. Camon went up to his room and stared out the window for the rest of the day, wondering how he could get her back.
Sanrev knocked on his bedroom door early in the morning, two days after Darlena had gone, his face drawn with worry. “I thought you should know. The servant girl was killed yesterday morning by her father. I’m sorry.”
“She had a name. Darlena.” Camon turned toward the wall, hearing his brother close the door behind him.
Anger and self-loathing fought for dominance in his heart. Camon knew he was responsible for her death. Never again would he risk another’s life by loving them. The price was more than he was willing to pay.
Chapter Five
Coming of Age
492nd year of the Celaka
Narmek slapped the reins of his horse to move down the hill and into the brush. Something moved through the clogged terrain, possibly a wild boar, his hunter’s instincts told him. He waved the rest of his party off, preferring to follow it alone.
Truth be told, his mind wandered this morning. Thoughts of his sons occupied much of his time lately and most of them carried an air of disquiet. Though the old priest had been dead these past ten years, the treasonous words of his oracle still tread through Narmek’s mind—pacing back and forth, keeping him ever vigilant to his sons’ moods.
As the boys had grown older their paths diverged, sending each of them in opposite directions and widening the gap between the two. They lived as little more than strangers to each other, despite his best efforts to keep them together.
Ever since the incident with the serving girl when Camon was sixteen, he’d been an exemplary student, training for his future as ruler of Shaylar. Narmek couldn’t fault his dutiful nature but Camon’s dour personality troubled him. The young man seemed wooden in spirit, closed off to those around him.
Sanrev was his exact opposite and Narmek clenched his teeth, hands tightening on the reins. Where Camon behaved too rigidly, Sanrev lived an irresponsible, wild life. The taverns in the valley flowed with gossip concerning his son. Of drunken nights spent with other, younger sons of highborn—shiftless men with no chance of inheritance who whiled away their time in games of chance and fathering bastards.
Narmek passed a hand across his brow. The summer sun beat down on him. Even the breath of wind had stilled to naught, as if begrudging him any comfort at all. He pulled the skin of ale from his saddle and took a long drink from it.
The liquid tasted flat and bitter, leaving a sourness in his mouth he couldn’t identify. He attempted to spit the foulness from his tongue but it remained to torment him. His vision blurred. Dizziness drained the strength from his limbs. The staccato beat of his heart roared in his ears.
Narmek finally understood as he slid from his horse. Someone had poisoned him.

The King’s body lay in the casket, ready for the Crossing where he would join the Old Ones in the afterlife. One did not look upon the face of the dead, any more than one would look upon the faces of the gods. For that reason, the head had been wrapped in purple silk, denoting his station in life. The rest of the body was wrapped in a black burial shroud, his torque and jewelry resting outside the cloth so the Old Ones would recognize him.
Both brothers flanked their mother during the brief ceremony. Sanrev noted his brother’s graceless abandonment of their mother the moment it ended. Probably trying on the royal robes to see if they fit. Camon’s lack of charity toward Meelate angered him.
Who would poison the King? They’d already questioned and executed the steward who’d supplied the bags of ale to the hunting party. He swore no knowledge of the incident, tears running down his face as he professed his undying love for His Majesty. Sanrev believed him. The man was a longtime servant and well-liked. Camon had ordered him to the axe man’s block anyway.
The steward had tied the bags to the horses ahead of time, leaving the opportunity for someone to slip the poison into the drink. Only the King’s had been dosed; the other members of the hunting party remained healthy. The man admitted to seeing an unfamiliar stable boy tending the horses but thought nothing of it. Servants changed and one did not always recognize a new face at first. The boy had not been found. Neither had the one who should have been on duty.
His father’s Advisor stepped up to Meelate, bowing low over her hand. “Please accept my condolences, My Queen. If you want for anything I am here to serve.”
Sanrev studied his mother’s once-proud bearing, little more than a shell now as she struggled to endure the sorrow of others. They fed her pain instead of giving comfort. He needed to remove her from the crush of emotion swirling about. Within days Camon would be crowned as King and Meelate would become the Dowager Queen. Another blow to be endured.
“I am weary,” his mother admitted after Sanrev had escorted her to her rooms. She took his hand and kissed it. “I’ve also been remiss in my duties to find you and Camon brides. It’s important that you marry well, but I thought…I thought there’d be time enough for that later. Now the worst has happened.”
She stifled a sob and bent her head, sinking into a chair where she remained. Sanrev was concerned for her health and how she might push too far.
“Don’t worry about that now. I’ll send your Ladies to you. You should go to bed and rest.” Sanrev bent and kissed her cheek, wet with tears. “Send for me if you need company. I’ll be here.”
The crowd of nobles milled through the dining hall—conducting business or gossiping, Sanrev didn’t know—but their presence irritated him. He knew they were waiting for Camon to reappear, hoping to pluck choice duties from the future King. A room full of grens, picking meat from the carcass before it spoiled.
He spun on his heel and left the castle through the front doors, climbing onto a shelf of rock which gave him a view of the valley below. The lush green of the fields spread out before him, ripe with the summer season, healthy and bountiful. The peasants down there thought life would continue as usual. After all, it was the way of things. Rule passed from father to son, their lowborn existence unaffected by the changeover.
Sanrev shivered from a sudden chill. He didn’t believe life would ever be the same again. Something bad hung just below the horizon. One day it would rise with the sun, a malevolent cloud to devour them all.
“Prince Sanrev?” A woman’s voice called out from behind him. He twisted around, though the polite thing to do would have been to stand and greet her properly.
The girl curtsied, her somewhat ordinary face exhibiting an inner warmth as she smiled. He started to rise and she shook her head, grey eyes twinkling with amusement. “Don’t get up, please. If you don’t mind, I’ll sit on the rock with you. My legs are about to give out from standing so long.”
She gave the area a cursory glance before she sank onto the stone with an artless grace, sighing with relief. Sanrev looked around, too, but they were alone out here.
“I’m sorry, Lady…?” She wore the diamonds around her neck signifying highborn nobility serving the House of Shaylar. Her brownish hair had golden streaks in it from the sun and she smelled of lilac and freshness. There was something familiar about her but he couldn’t place what family she was from.
“Lamisha, daughter of the King’s Advisor…the old King. I’m sorry for your loss.” She lowered her eyes and he found he didn’t want to see any more sadness today.
“Thank you. Lamisha?” The image of a scrawny girl popped into his head, full of energy and often covered in mud from falling into holes.
She laughed with a carefree air about her. “I’m not surprised you don’t remember me. I’ve lived in the valley these past six years, caring for my mother.”
“And is the Lady”—Sanrev couldn’t come up with a name and cursed himself for his neglect—“your Lady Mother well?”
“She died this last spring.”
“I’m sorry. I guess we’ve both suffered losses.”
“Don’t grieve for me,” Lamisha said with haste. “She had a wasting sickness and terrible suffering. Now she’s at peace.”
Sanrev envied her attitude, for all he saw was darkness ahead.

The coronation was held a week later, the day marred by heavy thunderstorms which shook the trees outside and dampened everyone’s mood. Camon looked resplendent in his purple robes, the collar trimmed in white fox fur. Sanrev could see him muttering as he sat at the head table, no doubt repeating a spell over and over to change the weather. A loud boom echoed through the stone walls in reply to his meddling. The magic of the land didn’t care to cooperate with its new King. Sanrev wondered at the implications.
Lamisha walked by with a smile for him, her light blue gown hiding her feet so she looked as if she floated across the polished wood floor. Sanrev followed her into a hallway, the rough stone out there forcing her to lift the hem of her dress or become hopelessly snagged.
“Are you well, Prince Sanrev? I haven’t seen you this past week.” Amusement played across her face as she watched him.
“I’ve been away.” Sanrev didn’t want to admit he’d spent most of the week in taverns…or in someone’s bed. Seeing Lamisha now, he finally saw what a waste his life had become, as if he’d turned away from everything his father had tried to teach him. The revelation struck him between the eyes with such force he reached up and rubbed his head.
“Are you in pain? Perhaps we should go back in.” She lifted her fingertips to his brow, her touch so soft and caring he felt doubly the fool.
She was a Lady worth caring for—as unlike the women who slid along his body as one could be. He took her hand in his and kissed the back of it, the scent of her filling his nostrils, fueling his imagination, causing his heart to beat with gladness.
“May I court you, Lady Lamisha?”
She slowly withdrew her hand from his, her cheeks turning a delicate shade of pink. “You may want to wait until after His Majesty makes his new appointments. My father might not be the new King’s Advisor.”
“That doesn’t matter to me. You are highborn and a suitable match…unless you don’t wish me to? Are you hoping for another?” Sanrev stared into her eyes, willing her to say yes; afraid he might be too late.
“There’s no one else.” Her smile grew shy and she ducked her head. “But we should still wait until things are settled for my father. You’ll have to ask him for permission.”
How different life was at Court. Somehow, Sanrev had forgotten all of this in the past few years. Spending so much time among the peasants, who lived their lives without so many rules, had given him a false mirror in which to see himself. He’d abandoned his duties, his family, his place in this Kingdom.
No more.
“I will wait for the right moment with impatience. Please do not torture me for long.” He leaned in and stole a kiss, her lips sweet and chaste. He broke it off, hungering for more but determined to treat her with respect.
She giggled and slipped away, light on her feet as she ran. Only when she neared the doorway did she stop, lowering her hem and gliding into the banquet room with proper grace. Sanrev watched her go, a permanent smile taking up residence on his face.

“Have you chosen your Cabinet yet?” Sanrev asked his brother two weeks later as they breakfasted with their mother. She still seemed pale and the skin on her face puffy, but her manner composed.
“Mostly.” Camon had become even more aloof since the coronation, barely speaking at all to Sanrev.
“Who’s to be the King’s Advisor?” He hoped the question sounded casual, as if his inquiry didn’t mean more than polite conversation.
“I’ll be keeping Father’s Advisor for now. The man’s well-versed in the King’s business.”
Sanrev let out the breath he’d been holding. He could approach the man knowing his fate had been settled. A smile struggled to fit on his face so he bit his tongue for distraction.
Camon’s next words drove a stake through his heart.
“It’s also necessary the man keep his position, as mother has chosen his daughter, the Lady Lamisha, to be my Queen.”
Chapter Six
The Wedding
Sanrev approached the rooms which used to belong to his father, his heart heavy but strengthened by an ironclad determination. Camon had wasted no time vacating their mother to another tower, smaller rooms denoting her lesser role as Dowager Queen. He knocked on the outer doors and waited.
One of the King’s servants answered. “I will announce you, Prince Sanrev, and see if His Majesty will grant you an audience.” The man closed the door in his face, leaving Sanrev in the position of supplicant instead of a member of the Royal House.
Venturing back after a time, the servant opened the door, seeming surprised to find Sanrev still waiting. “His Majesty will see you in the study.”
Sanrev raised an eyebrow. “Have you forgotten my name so soon?”
The man blanched and bowed low. “No, Prince Sanrev. My apologies.”
“I know the way.” He sidestepped the impudent man, knowing his attitude was by order of the King. A distraction to set Sanrev off-balance. He wouldn’t take the bait. He couldn’t afford to be swayed from the purpose of his visit. Knocking on the side of the open door, he stood waiting for Camon to acknowledge him and invite him in.
“You may enter,” Camon said after spending a minute to finish reading the page in front of him.
“Are you well, brother?” Sanrev smiled and saw the frown on Camon’s face when he called him brother instead of Your Majesty.
“What do you want? I’m busy.”
Now for the hard part. “I’ve come to request a favor of you—out of love. As brothers.”
“Love?” Camon snorted. “Speak your request and be quick about it.”
“I’d ask you to find another to be your Queen. I had plans of my own to court Lady Lamisha.”
“The choice has been made.” Camon didn’t even glance up at him, his attention drawn back to his book.
“But you don’t love her!” Sour bile built at the back of Sanrev’s throat. Heat crept up the sides of his neck. His stomach churned in anger.
“What does love have to do with it?” This time Camon did look up at him and Sanrev wished he hadn’t. The King’s face might have been chiseled from stone but hatred lived in his eyes. “Love is a dangerous sport. Only the weak engage in it. The wedding will proceed as planned. You’re dismissed.”
Sanrev strode from the room with his head held high, refusing to show Camon the blood he’d drawn.
He tried speaking to his mother next but to no avail, though she was more sympathetic.
“You’ve always known the highborn custom is arraigned marriage,” she said. “It’s what keeps our bloodline strong. The magic is dependent on that. I was about to start looking for a bride for you.”
“Don’t bother.” Sanrev saw the pity in her eyes and couldn’t stand it. “I’ll find my own.”
He left her and climbed the stairs of his own tower, entering the rooms he’d held since the time he started walking. Ghosts live in these rooms with me now. The boy I used to be stands beside me, shaking his head at the mess I’ve made of my life.
Sanrev crossed over to the window, staring down into the valley below. If only Lamisha still lived there with her mother. She’d be safe. He feared for her future, the darkness coming back to invade his thoughts once more. Something was coming. He knew it. Could feel it in his bones.

The wedding held all the spectacle due a King; a grand affair attended by all the nobility. Sanrev stood in the back of the hall, wishing he were anywhere but here.
He hadn’t laid eyes on Lamisha for three months, not since the day he’d told her of his intentions to court her. He’d never been given the chance to explain or say a word to her. She must think he’d only been playing with her affections.
Perhaps it was better this way. She wouldn’t miss him. Lamisha would be Queen, something Sanrev couldn’t give her.
The crowd rose to its feet as the traditional song of the monarchy filled the room, the stringed instruments and pipes playing the tune his father loved so well. Sanrev closed his eyes, not wanting to see more, but the music changed and he couldn’t help but open them again. The last chance to see Lamisha without thinking of her as his brother’s Queen.
Camon marched in next, his purple robe flowing behind him. Sanrev stared at the widened torque now worn at his neck. The wedding torque—woven by Lamisha’s hand and granting him her powers of magic.
The young maidens entered, strewing rose petals on the floor for the new bride to walk on. Camon stood up on the dais, his jaw locked in a hard line as he waited.
Sanrev ducked his head as Lamisha walked in, escorted by her father, but he couldn’t help seeing her misery as she climbed the steps to meet Camon and turned to face the crowd. The heavy purple gown they’d made her wear washed out her delicate skin and sucked the energy from her. It weighed down her light steps; she trod as if hitched to a wagon laden with stones.
His heart ached and Sanrev tried to block out the priest as he spoke the ancient words. They filtered in anyway, buried deep within his memories of happier weddings.
As it was in the mists of time past,
So let it be said now.
The Old Ones bless the exchange of magic.
The giving of man to woman,
And woman to man.
The two halves complete the whole,
As long as both shall live.
Keep the vessel of magic safe,
For woe to the man who loses his wife.
The magic flees into the Crossing,
As surely as he would die himself.
So let it be known.
So let it be said.
The ceremony ended with a joyful piece of music, the melody soaring with the promise of love. Sanrev’s own emotions plummeted with each cheerful note. He slipped out the back, not wanting any part of wishing the couple happiness and long life nor drinking to their health and fruitfulness. The feast would go on for hours. No one but his mother would miss him.
Camon confronted him the following morning, his eyes cold and hard, not the face of a man after his wedding night. Sanrev kept eating, not caring if he angered his brother further. Nothing mattered anymore.
“The Dragon Sword is missing, stolen by a thief who slipped in during the ceremony. What do you know of this?”
That made Sanrev pause. He knew a bit of the legend of the Dragon Swords. One couldn’t be taken from its owner, only given away as a gift.
“What are you saying? You’re accusing me of stealing it? That’s not possible. It would find its way back to you.”
Camon scrubbed at his scalp with his fingers, an odd enough reaction from his normally controlled nature.
“Father never had the chance to give it to me. I’m not positive…” He spun around, his fists balled up at his sides as he showed his back to Sanrev. The magic pulsated through the air, powerful waves that had the hairs on Sanrev’s arms standing up as if a burst of lightning struck the room. Lamisha’s magic, flowing from the torque and racing unchecked into Camon’s body.
“Whoa! Wait a minute.” Sanrev stumbled out of his chair, backing away from Camon. The man had gone mad. “Don’t do this. Mother—”
A bolt hit the ceiling, spraying them both with a shower of pebbles and dust. Sanrev tensed, already imagining the burst of flame which would consume his body at any moment. A minute trickled by in tense silence.
Camon turned toward him, his face once again a mask of stone. The ominous chill in his voice was the only emotion to escape.
“You will leave the castle, never to return. Take your clothing and your horse, the only inheritance due you as second son. I will not lay eyes on you again.”
“What? This is my home too.”
“Not anymore.”
Sanrev stared at him in disbelief. His own brother would turn him out? He watched Camon leave the room with no hesitation in his step, disappearing from sight. The matter settled, as far as he was concerned.
Sanrev went up to his rooms to pack before he did something stupid. Too much anger boiled in his veins to risk staying. Camon might have thrown him out but Sanrev would never grovel at his feet. The King be damned. He’d make his own way in the world.
Sanrev left within the hour, his posture nothing more than a man going out for a ride on his horse. As he passed by his mother’s tower, he didn’t look up. If she knew—if she watched—it was better for both if he didn’t acknowledge it. And if she wasn’t at the window?
Sanrev didn’t want to acknowledge that, either.

493rd year of the Celaka
The Turning Ball ushered in the new year for the highborn with flowing drink, platters piled high with food, and stately dances to occupy the nobles. Camon sat on his throne overseeing the horde doing their best to act the fools. He glanced over at the Queen, regarding her passive demeanor, her listless eyes dull in the candlelight as she stared out at the crowd from her chair beside him.
“Are you enjoying the festivities?” he asked. “I thought you’d find a smile to show for appearances, if nothing else.”
She showed her teeth through stretched lips, the effect unpleasing in a face which didn’t otherwise move. “The Turning Ball is quite lovely, Your Majesty.”
“Stay and perform the royal duties,” he ordered as he stood. “I have business to attend.”
Camon left the gaiety, wanting no part of it. A waste of his time and a frivolous expense. There were simpler ways to usher in a new year. It had been his first Turning Ball as King but next year would be pared down. The spendthrift lot of them could fund their own amusement elsewhere. Eat at their own tables. Drink their own wine to excess.

After winter loosened its hold on the land, the spring planting occupied much of the populace. The King’s Advisor began to display increasingly nervous gestures in Camon’s presence. By summer, Camon’s anger swelled with each new tic upon the man’s face, with each tremor of his hand as he handed papers over.
“Are you feeling well?” he finally asked as yet another paper spilled to the floor.
“Yes, Your Majesty. Forgive my clumsiness.” The man retrieved the fallen paper and backed away from Camon, as was his habit these days.
“Out with it! I am King. Don’t take me for a fool.”
“It’s nothing, Your Majesty. Gossip uttered by lowborn peasants ignorant of their duty. I cannot bring the shameful words to my tongue.” The Advisor trembled all over and fell to his knees.
“You’ll tell me the words or I’ll have your head on a pike for refusing an order from your King!” Camon rose from his seat and towered over the man, rage curling in the pit of his stomach like a snake ready to strike.
“Some…some are whispering about an ill portent delivered at your birth, Your Majesty, and the oracle beheaded for his treasonous words. I don’t know the words themselves, I swear it!” He crumpled to the floor in a sniveling heap and Camon eyed him with disgust.
“Guard! Get this man out of my sight.”
A guard ran in and dragged the Advisor away. Camon closed the door and marched down the hall until he came to the end of it. He spoke a few words and the stone shimmered, revealing a hidden door. It led up rough steps to a tiny room at the top of another tower—a tower no one but the Kings of Shaylar had ever entered.
The smells of herbs and spices filled Camon’s senses as he walked into the windowless enclosure. He inhaled deeply, a rare peace stealing over him as a torch of mage fire burst into flame and lit the area. On one side, a table sat along the curved wall, bottles of potions resting on its surface. The other side of the room held shelves of jars stacked in precise rows and one shelf with a few books.
The knowledge of the Kings before him crowded the pages of those tomes, some writings so old they were impossible to decipher. Camon had memorized what spells he could find and dismissed the rest as ramblings of old men seeking to be remembered as great rulers by their descendants.
Camon reached for one of the books which hadn’t any spells and turned to the section with his father’s writing. The one time he’d flipped through the pages it read like the details of a hunting party. He’d lost interest after a few minutes of reading back then and shelved it with the others.
Now he searched for the pages written around the time of his birth. They were in proper order and he read of his father’s joy at having twin sons. Only one brief mention of the oracle and his treason were written by the King, the ink splotched over the next few lines as if his father had changed his mind about what he wanted to record, even in this most secret of places.
Camon slammed the book shut and went over to the table. There was more than one way to get the information he needed. He mixed a combination of spices, adding in a pinch of a rare herb, and set the powder on fire in a small bowl.
As the fragrant smoke rose through the room, Camon chanted a spell to find the one who could tell him what he wished to know and deliver him to the castle. Now all he had to do was wait. He’d soon have the information he craved.
Chapter Seven
An Unjust Ruler
The old woman let her grandson help her down from the cart in front of the castle, her gnarled fingers unable to grip his outstretched hands. He grasped her by the arms, the pressure painful but she knew he was trying his best to be gentle.
“I’ll wait here till you come out,” he said.
“No, go on.” She lifted a hand up to his cheek and patted his face. “I won’t be coming home.”
“Then we’ll leave—now. Don’t do this.” His voice cracked on the last word and she gave him a sharp look.
“This is what I have to do. What I have seen. I won’t deny what I am.” She saw the harshness of her words hurt him and she regretted it but he needed to understand. Others might shun her for having the wild magic of a lowborn and call her witch behind her back but she’d raised her family to be proud of their heritage. He needed to accept the responsibilities attached to it.
“You can’t leave that cart here.” One of the King’s guards strode over to them, his manner unfriendly.
“He’s leaving.” The old woman turned to her grandson. “Go…while you still can. Protect your mother.”
He nodded stiffly, his eyes shimmering with unshed tears. She turned away from him while she still had the strength to do so.
Hobbling, each step a painful jar to her knees, the old woman approached the main doors. The puzzled guard followed, not bothering to assist but not hindering her progress. She heard the cart wheels squeal as they started to roll, the horse plodding along with as much weariness as she felt.
“State your business.” A second guard spoke, blocking the doors, one hand resting on the hilt of his sword with practiced ease.
“The King called me here.” The old woman ignored his incredulous look as he gazed at the raggedness of her clothing. She knew she would be admitted and settled on a bench to wait.

“Your Majesty, an old beggar woman is at the door. She said you sent for her?”
Camon’s head jerked up from his task. It had been three long weeks since he’d called on the magic to bring him someone who could answer his questions. Each day he’d been disappointed. Could she be the one?
“Take her around back and through the trap doors. I will speak with her below.”
“Yes, Your Majesty. I don’t believe she can walk the distance.”
“Then carry her!” Camon slammed his hand down on the desk as he stood.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” The man left in a hurry and Camon rubbed his forehead, willing the pain to subside.
He left the room and made his way down to the dungeon from inside the castle, wanting to arrive ahead of the old woman. He’d already prepared the room, knowing his call would be answered, but there were a few final details to attend to.
The damp confines in the underground walkway disturbed Camon on a level best left buried in the darkest depths of his mind. The mildewed odor worsened the ache in his head. Dread slithered down his spine as he considered what the old woman might say. Even the glow of the mage fire did little to dispel his unease as the wall torches lit the way.
Doom was upon them, a giant gren with wings spread wide, spiraling down. Taking aim. Feasting on his bones.
He lit the herbs in the shallow dish, the cleansing aroma calming his nerves and waited for her arrival. Whatever she had to say, the words wouldn’t travel out of this room. Neither would she.
The guard carried the old woman in, setting her on the ground where she sank to a heap on the floor with a soft moan of pain.
“Leave us,” Camon said and studied the old crone.
She gazed around the room with intelligent eyes, gray hair spread around her on the floor like a shroud. Camon’s insides shivered though he hadn’t moved a muscle to indicate his disquiet. Her sharp eyes targeted him anyway, as if she’d felt the tremor too. Strong magic confronted his—different but powerful just the same. She was a lowborn witch—one possessing the wild magic. The magnitude of energy shook his conviction of being in the right.
“That won’t work on me.” She waved a hand at the bowl of burning herbs. “But I’m here to speak the truth, else why would I have come?”
“You had no choice, crone. I called you here.” He could kill her now for not addressing him as her King but he let it go.
She smirked at him, angering Camon further. “You didn’t summon me. I answered your call. But enough of this. Do you want to hear the information you seek?”
Her impudence burned away the last of his trepidation. Fire ripped through his gut, seeking an outlet. “Get on with it then.”
“The oracle at your birth spoke thusly: The births of twin boys in the Kingdom of Shaylar shall see its ruin. There will be death upon the land, the peasants shall riot in the streets. What was once a proud and peaceful Kingdom shall turn into a valley of dust and sorrow. The brothers will turn on each other, fighting to the death in their hatred for each other. The magic of the Kingdom shall flee the land, usurping the quality of the soil, destroying the nature of the elements. All of Chandra shall spin out of balance, terminating the other four Kingdoms, where five once stood proud and whole.”
She fell silent, watching him. He stared back at her, his rigid stance sending no clue that her words flung arrows into the center of his being, each of them drawing blood.
“Is that all?” He had to make sure he knew every word.
“The oracle’s words, yes, but there is more. You should know the people in the valley are learning these words. Weighing their value. Killing me won’t stop the flood even now washing against the gates of your castle.”
“And you have spread this?” Camon’s fingers curled around the hilt of his sword.
“Not I. There are others with the Sight. Beware, for it is your choices which bring your House down. The love of a woman is more powerful than you imagine. The King who refuses to listen reaps his own doom.”
Camon drew his sword, the blade weighing heavier than usual in his hand. “May the Old Ones keep you.”
“I have no use for your gods.”
His blade sliced through her neck, silencing her.

The lone fireplace cast flickers of light within the crowded tavern, while still keeping the patrons in heavy shadow. No mage ball here to give off a golden glow; the highborn seldom frequented places such as this humble abode. Sanrev liked it that way. The people here comforted him with their plain speech and simple living. People who valued trust and hard work. People Sanrev could call friends.
Friends who now suffered because of his brother.
“I don’ know what to do.” Pershak drained the last of his ale and stared at the empty cup. Sanrev regarded the man with concern. He’d seen many with the same story lately. “Winter’s on us. The harvest’s long gone. With all the new levies an’ taxes your brother, the King, has laid on us, I don’ see how to get through the season.”
Sanrev had witnessed the changes firsthand in the year he’d been living in the valley. Living as one of them. Although he had the magic of the highborn, he didn’t have any standing with the nobility and they treated him accordingly. He didn’t blame them and stayed away from his former friends.
Truth be told, living down here had changed Sanrev. Made him a better man, he hoped. The simple life fulfilled him. Granted him peace.
The little house he called his own satisfied his needs. Sanrev found he enjoyed woodworking and spent many hours carving furniture when he wasn’t working.
The hours spent in his yard teaching children the art of sword fighting had proved to be his biggest joy. The highborn he charged for his services; the lowborn he often bartered with, taking food in exchange for lessons. If someone couldn’t pay, he didn’t turn them away.
“Have you heard the last bit of news?” Pershak said. “There’s goin’ to be a register fee for the King to sit at arbitrations. We don’ have the coin for such things.”
“I’ll arbitrate for you, if you like,” Sanrev said after mulling it over for a minute. These people didn’t need to be paying fees for what should be heard freely. It was the King’s decree that all arbitration come to him, putting the lowborn in a sad position. They had enough problems as it was, without taking what little they earned.
“That’d be a relief, it would.” Pershak cracked a rare smile, exposing the gap where two teeth once sat. “There’s trouble coming. I feel it as sure as the winter’s chill. There’s been talk…”
“About what?” Sanrev prompted when the man fell silent.
“Nothin’. Ain’ right to say such things to the brother of the King.”
“You’re one of my first friends, for almost a year now.” Sanrev looked Pershak in the eye and held his gaze. “You know you can speak about anything to me. I won’t repeat it.”
“Well, it’s about the oracle an’ the prophecy. You know it?”
Sanrev nodded. He’d heard the whispers in the streets. “What about it?”
Pershak glanced at the nearby tables and lowered his voice until Sanrev strained to hear him. “They say that’s why the Queen ain’ with child yet—because of the prophecy. That Shaylar will fall an’ no heir to right it again.”
Sanrev closed his eyes at the mention of the Queen. He’d tried to forget about Lamisha. There was nothing he could do to help her anyway.
Weariness settled over him. He drained his cup and stood, clapping his friend on the back with false cheer. “Pass the word I’ll arbitrate, will you? It’s getting late.”
Sanrev walked through the door of his small house and lit a fire, its light and warmth doing nothing to dispel the gloom which clung to him with tenacious claws. He’d tried to block Lamisha from his mind after he moved out of the castle. Now, the memories of her flooded back in.
He hadn’t known her well enough to say he loved her, so what was the source of his melancholy? A missed opportunity? Jealousy over his brother’s great fortune? Neither reason was worthy of him and would be a slight to Lamisha. She deserved better than to be played in a contest between rivals.
Or had he really seen the potential for a bright future with her? He hoped that was the reason he still thought of her in the dark of night—dreaming of a girl running through the hall, her gown hiked up to her knees and laughing as she went. He shook his head to clear the images and went to bed.
Sanrev’s first arbitration hearing was held two days later in his yard, to a crowd of curious onlookers. At the conclusion, he felt good about the ruling he’d made and accepted the thanks of both parties involved. As the crowd dwindled away into the twilight, an old woman walked up to him with a slip of paper clutched in her hand. He read it twice, not trusting the words written on it.
“Who gave this to you?” he asked as his breath quickened, his eyes still on the note in his hand.
No answer came and Sanrev forced his eyes away from the words to find the woman had melted into the crowd. His lips moved as he read the paper once more, then took it into the house. It burst into flames as he threw it on the fire, the sweet smell of lilac mingling with the scent of wood smoke.
Dare he meet with her tomorrow? How could he possibly stay away?
Chapter Eight
Stolen Hearts 
While the castle sat on the western slope, commanding an eastern view of the valley spread out below, the houses of the nobility hugged the northern foothills, tucked away behind screens of forest or orchard. They lived well, secure and comfortably, all the while knowing their fates rested in the hands of the King. Never had their lives been more precarious than with the present ruler.
Sanrev was glad his journey this morning didn’t take him north. Too many eyes might spot him there and wonder at his errand. Some, no doubt, would report his travel to the King in hopes of being rewarded for their diligence. No, the directions he’d memorized from the note led him south in this hour before sunrise. South, where merchants and landowners who had coin to spend lived.
The house he rode up to now was grand enough to belong to a noble and a twinge of unease cramped Sanrev’s belly. What if this was a trap? A plot devised to test his allegiance to the King?
A servant emerged from the darkness of the trees and waved to him in an urgent manner. Sanrev gave himself a mental shake and followed the man around back. Too late to worry about the consequences now. He’d been spotted.
The man gestured to a small caretaker’s house far back from the manor. Sanrev dismounted and the man took the reins. “Wait inside,” was all he said before disappearing, taking Sanrev’s horse with him. Only the thought of who he might see inside kept him from turning around and leaving.
Disappointment weighted his shoulders as Sanrev looked through the empty rooms. The place had an air of disuse about it, as if abandoned for a season or more, though a warming fire burned in the hearth. A creak of the kitchen door opening in back had Sanrev drawing his sword, ready to meet the King’s guards.
“Tis only me,” the man whispered as Sanrev rounded the corner. The servant didn’t flinch from the sight of a sword aimed his way, but settled the tray he carried onto the small table. “I thought you might be hungry.”
Sanrev sniffed the air, redolent with spice cakes and mulled wine. “Thank you, but why am I really here?”
He still felt the trap closing in, for the words on the note could have been written by anyone. This was a fool’s errand. He knew that now but couldn’t bring himself to leave. Not yet. He had to know the truth.
“Tis not for me to say.” The man bowed. “I only know you must wait.”
Sanrev watched him go, blending into the reddened hues of dawn as the shadows began to lift. His stomach growled and he sat down to eat. No sense in letting it go to waste. Whatever was coming wasn’t here yet and he’d rather not remain hungry.
He’d been dozing in a chair, his sword placed across his lap, when the front door opened. Sanrev saw a woman step in, her head covered with a shawl. He stared as she removed it, letting the wrap fall about her shoulders. The scent of lilac enveloped him and she smiled with a hint of shyness.
Lamisha. “You really sent the note? I thought perhaps it might be a trick.”
“No trick. I wasn’t sure you’d come.”
The sadness in her eyes was more than he could bear. He crossed the room and folded her into his arms without thinking. She yielded to his touch, laying her head against his chest with a small sigh.
“How…? Where are we?” A hundred questions fought for dominance in his head.
She leaned back and he reluctantly released her, allowing Lamisha to take a seat. She clasped her hands in front of her, head bowed and not meeting his eyes.
“The manor belongs to one of my Ladies. I meet with her here each first day of the week to work on clothing for the poor.”
“Is she to be trusted? What of her husband? Is he in service to the King?” Sanrev no longer considered him his brother and never referred to him as such. He couldn’t deny the truth, though. Lamisha was his Queen, no matter how badly he wished it were otherwise.
“Winsela is widowed, and yes, I trust her with my life. More importantly, I trust her with your life, for I know I risk us both by asking you here.” Lamisha looked at him then, her misery plain to see. “I owe her a debt of gratitude.”
“How so?” Sanrev took her hands in his, unable to keep his distance.
“For months I thought you didn’t care. Then Winsela told me what really happened and suggested this plan so we could meet—that is, if you want to.”
The voice of reason told Sanrev no, to leave now and forget about Lamisha forever. It was wrong. She was not only wife to someone but the Queen of Shaylar as well. The Old Ones would never forgive either one of them, courting disaster in this manner.
A quiet sob escaped her mouth and Lamisha fought to withdraw her hands from his grip. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked you to come.”
Sanrev shuddered as her pain washed over him, mingling with his own until his heart cried out to be heard above the sensible words of his head. He sought her lips. Kissed the tears from her cheeks. Surrendered to the inevitable even as he envisioned the executioner’s axe swinging over both their heads.
Chapter Nine
A Restless Mob
494th year of the Celaka
The stolen hours of bliss once a week lasted all through the months of winter and spring. Sanrev went about his business the rest of the days with a smile on his face, teaching the art of swordplay and hearing arbitration cases. The number of people wanting their arguments settled swelled as the hardships imposed on them by the King caused tempers to flare more often.
On a day promising the full beauty of summer’s warm breezes and colorful bounty, the King’s guards rode into his yard as Sanrev got ready for the students to arrive. He tensed, fear for Lamisha’s safety gnawing a hole in his gut. How had they been discovered? He left his sword sheathed—one man against ten guards on horses weren’t the best of odds. Besides, they weren’t his enemies, only messengers bearing bad news. He was the guilty party here.
“I bring a proclamation from His Majesty, King Camon of Shaylar,” the guard in front said and dismounted, his hand holding a scroll of paper instead of a weapon has he strode forward.
Sanrev took the scroll from him in puzzlement, unrolling the sheet and reading it where he stood. It was an order to report to the castle as the new Master of the Sword, effective immediately, at a pay of one hundred times what he currently earned. It further stated that Sanrev shall cease hearing cases of arbitration.
So that was the real reason for the position—to sideline Sanrev and remove him from the midst of the peasants. He almost laughed out loud, relief flooding through his body. Lamisha was well, their secret still safe.
He rolled the paper up and handed it back to the guard, ignoring the look of surprise on the man’s face. “Tell the King I’m honored but I decline the offer. I find I’m happy where I am.”
He turned from them and walked away, wondering if they might follow and drag him back. The guards knew it was a proclamation and not an offer to be refused. A rustling of horses could be heard but the sound faded as they left without incident. Sanrev let out the breath he’d been holding, knowing he hadn’t heard the last of the matter.

“You got to do something before people get hurt,” Pershak said to Sanrev a few days later as he and a handful of men crowded around his table in the tavern.
“Do? About what?” Sanrev studied the group of them. All good men but a couple had been quite vocal lately about the King’s taxes.
“About the King!” Pershak hissed the whispered words at him, his face twisted with fear.
“It’s treason to even talk this way,” Sanrev reminded him in a low voice. “Besides, he has much greater magic than I do.”
“Told you he wouldn’t help,” one of the other men grumbled. “He’s highborn, not one of us.”
“Shut your mouth.” Pershak turned on the hapless man with a venomous tone which Sanrev hadn’t seen him display before. “Else I’ll shut it for you.”
“Look, I understand what you’re asking,” Sanrev hastened to say before a brawl broke out. “I’m as angry as you are but my hands are tied.”
He sipped his ale during the silence that followed, wishing a solution would come to mind—something that wouldn’t tear the Kingdom apart. They were right about one thing. Despite the fact he lived as one of them, he was highborn. They didn’t understand the terrible price to be paid if the King decided to wield magic against them. Sanrev knew all too well and suppressed a shudder as he downed the rest of his drink.
“Go home. All of you.” He glared at each one in turn, hoping they’d take his advice. “Don’t make it worse for yourselves.”
No one answered him. Sanrev left the tavern, his boots scuffing along the empty road as darkness closed in around him.
He woke from a deep sleep later that night, falling to the floor from his bed and wondering what had disturbed him. A scream echoed outside, faint but clear. Groping in the dark for his pants and boots, Sanrev dressed quickly and bolted outside.
More screams cascaded through the air and he saw flames licking the night sky. A ball of fire erupted as he watched, its general direction being the tavern he’d left a few hours ago. He started running down the road, his heartbeat thundering in his ears. He passed a regiment of the King’s guards galloping away in the opposite direction. Their numbers looked to be fifty or more. They didn’t even glance his way and Sanrev felt the chill of prescience course through him.
The King was sending a message. He didn’t care who paid the price. Guilty and innocent alike would burn together.
The fire didn’t leave anything behind, confirming its magical origin. After the sun rose an accounting was taken—seventeen people missing and presumed dead, among them Pershak and the men whom Sanrev had spoken to the evening before.
He kept to himself in the days that followed. When the day came for Sanrev to meet with Lamisha once again, he found a note under his door telling him she was no longer allowed to leave the castle grounds because of the unrest amongst the peasants. The note wasn’t written by her hand but Sanrev believed it all the same. He went back to his old routine, worried about her future and that of the Kingdom, as well.
The fall harvest heaped more misery upon the peasants, adding to their discontent over the King and his ways. Sanrev knew many would go hungry this winter. Some would die. Helplessness tore at his soul, the taste of it bitter on his tongue.
An old woman brushed by him in the marketplace as he wandered from stall to stall, lost in thought. She shoved a crumpled slip of paper into his hands as he reached out to steady her. Sanrev caught a whiff of lilac and carefully pocketed the note, wondering if even now he was being watched. Stopping at the next stall he came to, he bought a few vegetables and hurried back home.
Only once safely tucked away from prying eyes did he dare to retrieve the note from his clothing, anxious to read what Lamisha had gone to such risk to tell him.
Chapter Ten
A Kidnapping
The splotchy handwriting scrawled across the paper, as if written in a hurry. Sanrev held it to his chest for a moment, dread hindering his ability to read the words. He slowly tilted the page back, forcing his eyes to see.
My heart,
I’m held prisoner in the castle, though no one knows it but me. My Ladies still attend me; the guards think I’m confined for my protection. I’m pregnant and Camon knows he isn’t the father. He’s furious and threatens to lock me in the tower after the child is born. I don’t believe he suspects you.
Please help me. I can’t allow our child to be raised by such a man. He visits the oracles daily and comes back in a foul mood. I can only pray they are withholding their visions from him.
He’s gone mad. I fear for us all. If you have news for me, focus your magic on the witch woman of Baylana. She will find you.
Sanrev smoothed the paper in his hand, his movements without conscious thought, the shock of her words coursing through him.
Pregnant? Her child…and his? His heart ran between elation and despair, not knowing which point to stop at on the spinning Wheel of Change.
How could he possibly get her out of such a heavily fortified castle? One filled with the magic of the highborn? The potent magic of the King?
Even if the magic of the land didn’t cooperate with Camon—and by his recent actions against the peasants that was possible, for a ruler must be as one with his people—he still had Lamisha’s magic for as long as she lived.
Think! There has to be a way.
Could she be smuggled out with her Ladies? As a servant? Anyone who tried to help in this mad scheme would be risking their lives. Sanrev had no right to ask that sacrifice of them.
But if he didn’t, they were all doomed. He could feel the darkness approaching, its clammy hands brushing over him in his dreams at night. It brought visions of the castle collapsing into dust, the fields withering and dying until not a single blade of grass remained. The people sick and running for their lives as the magic of the Kingdom fled.
Sanrev held his head in his hands and wept for the fall of Shaylar. He must try to prevent it, no matter the cost. It must not come to that.
The witch woman of Baylana…the name meant nothing to him at all. He dreaded pulling innocent people into any plan but what choice did he have? So much could go wrong…
But it already has. The murders and fire at the tavern were only the beginning. He closed his eyes and summoned the magic, bidding the witch to come to him.
The pink light of dawn still held the sky captive the next morning when someone beat at his door. Sanrev rose from his breakfast to answer, sword clutched in his hand. The well-dressed woman gave him a bland smile and entered the house, her hand pushing the sword aside as she walked past him.
“You called for me,” she said and sank gracefully into a chair. Her dark eyes held a hint of amusement as she gazed at him. “You may close the door now.”
Sanrev glanced at the cart and horse sitting outside with no one to tend it, giving himself time to regain his composure before shutting the door. He felt magic emanating from her. It traced over his skin with a vibration, raising the hairs along his forearms.
“You’re the—” He stopped, not daring to say the name in case he was mistaken.
“The witch of Baylana? Yes.” She remained calm and relaxed, only her eyes moved as she followed his progress from door to a chair opposite her.
“Not what you expected?” she said as he lowered himself into his seat.
“No. I suppose not.” He’d expected an old woman in ragged clothing, half-wild and shunned by others. Shame wrapped its tendrils around him for his pre-judgment. Sanrev forced his scattered thoughts back into some semblance of order and took a deep breath.
“I need you to get a message to Queen Lamisha. Will you be able to do that?”
She nodded but said nothing.
He’d gone over and over his plan during the long night. It was the best he could come up with but the great risk to others almost stopped him from considering it. Yet, what choice did he have? Lamisha’s life hung in the balance. Her unborn child’s, too. His unborn child…
“Lamisha needs to disguise herself as one of the servants next market day—two days hence. I’ll be waiting for her there. Tell her to leave her jewels behind so she can’t be traced through her magic.”
The woman rose from her seat, her face grave. “I’ll get the message to her.”
Sanrev stood as well. He couldn’t tell what she was thinking as she continued to stare, studying him as if questioning his determination. The energy he’d started out with this morning drained from his body, leaving him lethargic and muddled.
“Know this, Prince Sanrev.” Her voice carried a ring of authority and he squared his shoulders in response. “Your plan is sound. I see its success, but there is a clouded road ahead with many obstacles in your path.”
“Do you see what they are? You have the Sight?” Sanrev hadn’t expected that. His fingers twitched as he flexed his hands open and closed into fists.
“No. I see only a great darkness.” She shrugged and headed for the door.
Sanrev hurried after her, his mind reeling. The darkness still advanced, despite his plans. He couldn’t turn away, though. Only hope for the best. Hope was all he had left.

“Bring one of the oracles to me,” Camon shouted at the nearest guard. He paced across the length of his study as he waited for one of the retched seers to attend him.
Three days the Queen had been missing, with no one having seen or heard from her. For the last two days, the oracles had told him no visions of her whereabouts had been received. Camon didn’t see how that was possible—unless the Old Ones were blocking their visions. A tremor of unease wormed its way through his veins, seeking an anchor.
Nonsense. The Old Ones weren’t displeased with him. The fault lie with his Queen…and whichever cur had taken her to bed. That whoreson would die by Camon’s own hand as soon as he discovered who he was. As for Lamisha, she would be locked in the tower for the rest of her days.
Why wasn’t his magic cooperating? Why hadn’t he been able to divine the identity of the man who’d done this unforgivable deed? Where was Lamisha?
Magic surged through him—not of Shaylar but Lamisha’s. Yet he couldn’t trace her, couldn’t follow its path. It was as if the magic had remained behind. As if she still walked these hallways, invisible to him.
The oracle arrived, interrupting his thoughts. Camon studied the small boy in silence. Took in the erect posture, though his limbs quaked with terror. A brave lad but foolish, if he didn’t give his King the answers he sought.
“Have you seen where the Queen’s abductor has taken her?” Camon held the boy’s eyes with a penetrating stare, trying to divine the answer for himself.
The oracle paled, his hands clutching his stomach. “No, Your Majesty. No vision has come about the Queen.”
Camon roared for the guard. “Enough of this! Take the child away to the dungeon. He’s no true oracle. Remove the others and their priest from the temple. I’ll not insult the Old Ones by giving succor to charlatans.”
The guard dragged the weeping boy away, leaving Camon alone once more. He crossed over to the window and gazed at the valley below. Someone down there had Lamisha hidden away but others would know of her whereabouts. He was sure of it. Gossip had no allegiance; it flowed freely, without restraint. He’d find her if the guards had to break down every door in the valley to accomplish it.
And then she’d pay for his humiliation. First, she’d be made to watch as her lover was drawn and quartered. Then he’d have her child cut from her belly.
Oh, yes. She’d pay dearly. With her life’s blood.
Perhaps she was the reason for the Old Ones’ displeasure. Camon tapped a finger against the cool pane of glass as he considered that. They channeled events for a reason—he’d always known that. They’d brought Darlena to him when he was sixteen with the purpose of exposing her for the wanton she was and to teach him about keeping himself above all others, not falling victim to tender feelings which could influence his decisions. Now this new scandal had arrived to test Camon’s ability to rule. Why hadn’t it occurred to him before?
These most recent events were forcing Camon to recognize the false priest and his followers. Forcing him to sweep the temple clean. Would force him to dispose of a wife who was never meant to be Queen.
His mother had chosen unwisely. Was she under the false priest’s spell? What of his Advisor, Lamisha’s father? Had he been whispering false advice to his King all this time?
He spun around, knowing what had to be done.
“Guard. You will arrest the Royal Advisor, the Queen’s Ladies, and the Dowager Queen on charges of high treason.” He glared at the guard when the man didn’t snap to. “Do you wish to join them?”
“N-no, Your Majesty. My loyalty is to my King, always.”
“Then you have your orders. Send the Captain of the guard to me. I have plans for the good peasants in the valley.” Camon permitted a dark smile to rest on his face after the man departed. The decisions were sound. He could feel it in his bones.

Sanrev walked through his house, the walls closing in on him as he paced. Was Lamisha safe where he’d left her?
Safer than if he’d stayed by her side, though he wanted that more than anything else in life.
Somebody banged on the door and he rushed to answer it, finding one of the men who did odd jobs for him on occasion. The man’s breath heaved in and out from his chest, his face blotchy and reddened from his exertions.
“Here. Sit down.” Sanrev tried to usher him in through the doorway.
“No time.” The man leaned his hands on his knees as he bent forward. “Guards…breaking doors. Searching.”
Fear took hold of Sanrev and shook him like a bundle of rags. “Get out of here. Now. Don’t come back…and thank you for the warning.”
“You needed…to know.” The man trotted off as fast as his wheezing allowed, leaving Sanrev to watch him go with a heavy heart. He never should have loved Lamisha, no matter how it would have pained him to walk away and forget her. She would have been safe—if unhappy—as the Queen of Shaylar. He’d delivered this latest nightmare on the people himself.
There was no way to undo his actions. All he could do now was move forward and work toward a peaceful conclusion…if one were even possible. Sanrev didn’t hold any hope for that but he had to try. He loaded what supplies he had onto his horse and headed south. Lamisha would have to leave what comforts she had and go on the run with him. It was the only way to keep their unborn child safe and perhaps spare the peasants from further misery.
Chapter Eleven
On the Run
495th year of the Celaka
Sanrev finished repairing the last of the larger cracks in the back wall of the abandoned farmhouse, giving the mud patch a final pat after smoothing it into the stone. He’d found the little house four months ago after a desperate search, at a time when Lamisha could no longer travel on horseback. It wasn’t in the valley but sat between two rolling hills, hidden from sight. They’d managed through the winter with only a fire at night to keep them warm, while Sanrev hunted and picked the wild vegetables from the overgrown garden in back to keep them fed.
Under different circumstances, he could have been content to live here with his lady. The repairs and foraging took up most of his time, not allowing him to dwell on what had happened in the valley.
Last month the witch of Baylana had appeared in the forest while he hunted. His shock at finding her there had him standing rigid, waiting to be arrested. She held up a hand and smiled at him.
“Be at peace, Prince Sanrev. I had a vision telling me you’d be here. No one followed me.”
He rubbed at the sudden, stabbing pain in his neck and tried to loosen the tenseness in muscles ready to fight.
“Why are you here? Do you have news?” He found his isolation unnerving, wanting very much to know what had transpired after he and Lamisha left the confines of the valley.
The smile left her face. “I thought you should know. The King’s guards continue to search the valley, randomly murdering such as those who dare to protest their treatment. The King now searches for you as well as the Queen.”
He’d expected that, of course. Someone would have reported him gone from his daily routine. “Do you—”
She stopped him with a hand held up once more. “There is more and my time here grows short. You should know that your brother arrested the Royal Advisor, the Dowager Queen, the Queen’s Ladies, and the priest—along with his oracles. They were all charged with high treason. Their heads line the great wall on pikes.”
Sanrev sank to his knees. His mother, Lamisha’s father…all those innocent people?
“All my fault,” he whispered.
“No. You are guilty of loving the wrong person perhaps, but the murders are a blight on the King’s soul.” Her voice held a chill, sucking the warmth from his body as she spoke. “A time will come when you are called to act. You must answer, though you will lose all.”
“To do what? When?” He asked, her words clawing at his tattered emotions.
“You will know. Be ready.”
Sanrev’s head bowed as he remembered the face of his mother and her tender smile. How could Camon have done such a thing?
He looked up but the witch was nowhere in sight. Had time passed for him while he mourned? Or had she been an apparition?
He rose slowly, stumbling as he stood, falling facedown into the decaying leaves. He stayed like that, wanting nothing more than to join the others in death. To be absolved of his actions which brought them such misery.
His horse nickered softly and Sanrev opened his eyes, seeing the long shadows of the trees. Lamisha and the baby were still his responsibility. His to protect through the uncertain days to come.
One thing was sure. He couldn’t tell Lamisha the news. Not in her condition. It would have to wait until after the birth.
A soft moan lifted him out of his memories back to the present. He turned around to find Lamisha leaning against a wall, her face covered in a sheen of sweat. Sanrev rushed over to support her, noting the glazed look in her eyes. She patted his hand and gave him a wan smile.
“I think the baby’s coming,” she said before another pain stole her breath away.
“How long have you been having pains?” Sanrev demanded. She shouldn’t be starting out with such agony.
“A few hours now,” she admitted. “I’ve had pains before in the last few weeks. It always went away so I didn’t want to mention it until I was sure.”
Her contractions were close together and Sanrev hurried Lamisha over to the bed before running to get the few supplies he’d laid out for the occasion. The bucket hadn’t been filled yet with water for the day so he wasted precious time filling it from the well. A kettle sat empty over cold ashes in the fireplace and he cursed his inattention to such details. He rebuilt the fire and poured water into the pot to heat. By the time he returned to Lamisha, she was in hard labor.
Sanrev whispered a prayer to the Old Ones for a safe delivery as he stroked her forehead with a damp cloth. His nerves threatened to shred his stomach as he watched her writhe in pain. He’d attended horses during labor before but this was entirely different. All he could do was whisper encouragement to her—a useless gesture as she cried out in distress.
The baby appeared at last, his cries suffusing Sanrev with joy. He had a son! Lamisha gazed at him, clear-eyed but exhausted, not even able to summon a smile on her face.
“I think we should name him Narmek, after your father.” She closed her eyes as if that one sentence had used up the last of her strength.
The mention of fathers brought back the sad news he’d learned. Sanrev struggled to contain his emotions. He’d soon need to tell Lamisha of her father’s death but not now. Not yet. He’d wait until she was stronger before burdening her with such unhappiness, for she’d surely blame herself.
He forced a smile when she glanced at him again. “That’s a fine name for our son. You rest now.”
She fell asleep with the baby at her breast and Sanrev left the room to think. What should he do now? Was there a safe haven waiting for them somewhere? Somewhere far from the valley of his birth? The snows to the north would be gone in another month or so. Perhaps they could go there and find peace, for none would be found staying here.
Three days later a virulent fever struck Lamisha. Though he tried to save her with cool water and broth, she died the following morning. Sanrev shoved his grief aside, knowing if he didn’t get help soon his child would die from starvation. He bundled the baby up and rode into the valley, stopping at the first farm he came to.
“Please find a wetnurse for my child,” he begged as a stout woman came to the door.
He saw pity in her eyes—and fear. She nodded and reached for the baby. “I will, Prince Sanrev. Be at ease.”
He stroked the baby’s cheek with one finger, then kissed his tiny forehead. “His name is Narmek,” he whispered and turned away while he still possessed the strength to do so.
Sanrev returned to the little farmhouse, anguish mounting with each step he took. There was a small field beyond the garden and he dug a grave there, laying his beautiful Lamisha to rest. He recited the prayer to send her into the Crossing, his heart tearing into strips with each word. She followed the Old Ones now. Beyond his reach, her troubles over.
His child lived but would be safer without him. Sanrev buried his face in his hands and wept as darkness overtook him.
Chapter Twelve
Loss of Magic
Camon staggered as a bout of dizziness swept over him. His limbs weakened and he fell to the floor in agony. Lamisha’s magic. Gone. Torn from his body. He strained to open the bottom drawer of his desk, pulling out the diamond necklace she’d left behind so he couldn’t trace her.
The stones were inert. No vibration of magic flowed through them. They still retained their beauty but no power. Useless baubles. She must be dead.
He screamed his rage, berating the Old Ones for abandoning him in this manner. Without a wife’s magic, without the cooperation of the magic of the Kingdom, he had no more than any other noble. Indeed, even less than those highborn who were married.
The ignominy of it all struck him like a fist to the gut, even as his guards poured in to help him. Camon brushed them off, standing back up on his own. Dread fluttered in on silent wings, churning the air around him until it seemed he breathed in a noxious odor.
“Your Majesty? Are you ill? Should I send for someone?”
Camon gasped for air as he stared into the anxious guard’s face. The man didn’t seem to be aware of the fumes. Didn’t seem to have any difficulty breathing at all.
My mind is stronger than this! Camon struck at the necklace with his fist, venting his anger on the object of his downfall. The air cleared and he gulped in the sweetness of it, vowing to learn the truth.
A gren passed by the open window, its screech echoing through the room. He saw the guards exchanging worried glances but ignored them, striding toward the balcony and shoving the door open. Down below, where the heads of the traitors still adorned the pikes, he saw the gren land. It pecked at the head of his latest addition—that of the so-called witch of Baylana, a seer who refused to cooperate when his guards brought her to him a month ago. Camon turned away, afraid of what it might mean. The guards still huddled in the room, their silence more than he could bear.
“The Queen is dead.” Camon held himself with stiff dignity, refusing to look upon their faces. “Go find me a seer—anyone—who can tell me what happened.”
They marched out of the room in strict obedience but Camon felt their dismay as tremors in the air, blending with his fear in a terrible tempest meant to bring about his downfall. He wouldn’t let that happen. No one could take Shaylar from him. He was its rightful King.
Sanrev… What had he done to allow her to die? Had his jealousy run so deep as to harm her to get back at his King? It didn’t seem possible and yet…
He’d find a seer on his own. He still had that much magic left to him. Camon escaped into the peace of his windowless workroom in the tower just as the bells started ringing to announce the death of the Queen.

Chaog paced through the tall grass in the next valley over, an unaccustomed impatience lending a martial beat to his steps. After the unfortunate theft of the Dragon Sword, he’d spent more time in the area, periodically checking the progress of the twin brothers and gauging their growing hostility toward one another. Without the sword planted in the castle, Chaog couldn’t rely on magic to tell him what he needed to know.
He’d also spent some time trying to retrieve the sword, but to no avail. It was currently ownerless and apparently at the bottom of the sea. The thief had sold it to the Captain of the Benastra Talla, according to a witness to the transaction. The man had spent time in the taverns of the southern seaport of Katrain, telling all who would listen about the magnificent sword with its silver dragon and ruby eyes. As for the ship, it went down in a funnel storm, never to be seen again.
But now he heard the call he’d been waiting for. The King had used his magic to compel a seer to him. It was the opening Chaog needed.
“Wait for me,” he said to the two who’d accompanied him here to help retrieve Shaylar’s magic for their own use. He heard Zantira complain about being left behind but Chaog ignored her. She’d soon see the benefits of the plan he had in mind.
He set off on a horse, wearing the black robe and cowl of the priesthood. It was full dark when he reached the castle wall, exactly as he’d planned. Seizing Camon’s mind, he planted the suggestion that the seer he’d summoned awaited him at the wall.
Within the hour a horse rode toward him, Camon’s mind broadcasting every thought he had. Chaog permitted himself a fleeting smile. The highborn were so easy to manipulate, with their magic depleted of the lowborn wild magic and slanted toward the powers of the wizards.
Chaog kept his eyes downcast, as was proper for an oracle addressing the King. The gesture—and the darkness—would hide his lavender eyes from being spotted. He dismounted and stood to receive the King.
“Are you the seer I sent for?” Camon dismounted and walked over to him, seeming aloof, but Chaog read his eagerness in his thoughts.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” Chaog bowed to him, using magic against Camon’s mind to ignore the timbre of his wizard’s voice. “I’ve had a vision concerning your brother and the Queen. It was your brother who kidnapped the Queen, killing her after the babe was born. He intends to raise the boy—his own son—and take the throne from you.”
“I knew it,” Camon muttered and scratched his head. “Where are they now?”
“I do not know where the child is.” Chaog didn’t want the King to lose focus and start hunting for the infant. “I have seen you send out a challenge to your brother and know that you will be victorious in this matter. Then you will be at leisure to find the child or not. The magic of the land will rejoice with you. This is what the vision tells me.”
“Then so be it. I have one more task for you. Tomorrow you will go among the peasants and proclaim my challenge for all to hear. I summon Sanrev to the castle to face me or death will continue to visit the valley.” Camon flipped a coin at him and turned back to his horse.
Chaog almost chuckled at the man’s arrogance. He certainly wasn’t going to play the part of the herald for the King but he’d find someone suitable to spread the message.
As for the babe, the son of Sanrev was of no consequence. He was much too young to capture the magic.
Chaog rode away, pleased with the night’s work. It would all be over soon and the magic of this Kingdom would be his for the taking.
Chapter Thirteen
A Challenge Accepted
Sanrev heard of the challenge from his brother three days later. A group of peasants stood in the main road as he rode back into the valley, solemn and silent as they blocked his path. He dismounted, weary of heart and mind, as their spokesman stepped forward to greet him.
“Are you to fight for us, Prince Sanrev?” the man asked after telling him of the announcement. “We can’t survive iffin you don’t take him to task.”
Sanrev let his gaze travel over the crowd, taking their measure. They looked angry. Beaten down. Without hope. He pitied them for the abuse they’d had to endure.
But to challenge his brother to a fight that would only conclude with a death? To take the crown which was rightfully Camon’s by birth? To pit brother against brother—his own twin?
He pushed aside his anguish and saw the bitter fury lurking behind it. They’d been born together, shared their mother’s womb, and yet Camon had murdered his mother—along with many others—to have his say heard. Those weren’t the actions of a good and noble King. Already the Kingdom suffered under Camon’s harsh rule. These people had nothing more to lose and everything to gain.
Unless Sanrev faltered…
He shuddered to think of what retributions Camon might impose if Sanrev should be the one to die. Best not think that way.
“I will accept my brother’s challenge, in the name of the people of this Kingdom, if he clears the castle. This fight must only involve the two of us. I don’t want anyone else to fall by our actions.”
The crowd thanked him in a subdued fashion, too tired of spirit to summon any exuberance. Or perhaps they had the same concerns as he did—who would win?
“We’ll send a message with your condition, Prince Sanrev. We hope for your victory.” The man paused and bowed his head as if in prayer, though Sanrev knew the lowborn scoffed at the Old Ones, believing the gods only championed the highborn and their magic.
“Then I will go to my home and await the signal.” Sanrev got back on his horse and rode through the parted crowd, people reaching out to touch him as if blessing him while he went. He gave them a smile steeped in sadness. It was all he had left to give.

Two days went by without word from the castle. Sanrev began to hope Camon had changed his mind.
It was not meant to be.
Just after dawn’s pale reds had left the sky on the third day, a commotion roared through the valley to the beat of hundreds of hooves. Horses, livestock, and people all descended from the mountain, converging into a river of uncertainty and fear. Sanrev watched the exodus from his window, his gut clenching and temples pounding.
The castle had been cleared. Camon meant to fight him to prove his superiority, just as they had years ago as small boys. The old rivalries had come back to haunt them after all.
Sanrev took his time in preparation as the crowd continued to flow down the road. He knelt and asked the Old Ones to give him victory—not for petty jealousies but for the good of the Kingdom and its people. He prayed for the souls of the departed who’d Crossed over before him and asked that he might join them if he should fall this day. He even asked for a softening of his brother’s heart, that they might put their differences aside when they next met.
Then he left to go meet with destiny.
The people gathered along the sides of the road fell into step behind him as Sanrev passed by, forming a procession in his wake. By the time he reached the outer wall, hundreds followed his path. Refusing to look up at the rotted heads still impaled on pikes like silent witnesses, he started up the mountain.
Heading toward death—either his own or his brother’s.
The silence in the castle begged to be filled with voices; the stale odor in the air not stirred by smells of fresh-baked bread or sweet pies. Sanrev stood in the center of the great hall, his feet unable to move any farther into the maw of despair. All was lost in this desolate space; the hopes and dreams of those who’d once frequented this place now roamed the hallways as pale ghosts mourning their losses.
A clatter of boot heels broke the spell cast over Sanrev and he came alert at the sound of Camon’s approach. The King entered from the opposite end, his typically impassive face now twisted by hatred.
“You sought to steal my Kingdom by murdering my Queen. You shall die a long, slow death for your treachery. If only I could kill you a thousand times over.” Camon’s sword quivered in his hand as he raised it, ready to strike.
“She died of a fever.” The accusation struck Sanrev like a physical blow and he fought to control his emotions, at the same time unsheathing his sword. “I would never harm Lamisha. I loved her and would have given my life for hers gladly.”
“Then join her in death.” Camon sprang at him, fury taking all reason from his actions.
Sanrev parried and pressed his own attack. His skin tingled, warning him just in time as a barrage of rocks sailed at his head. A swift glance told him Camon had laid an arsenal of objects in various corners—rocks, knives, potions with unknown properties. Sanrev assumed he’d discover their contents sooner or later. His brother meant to win by fair means or foul.
But the King no longer had a greater magic than his. They were evenly matched, as they had been growing up. Sanrev used his magic now to fling one of the potions at Camon.
A roar of anger told him of the direct hit but smoke filled the air and Sanrev couldn’t see anything. As it settled he found himself alone in the room, forced to seek out his brother, no doubt falling into a trap awaiting him as he searched.
Up the steps he went, his hearing strained for any telltale sound. A block of stone shattered in the wall, exposing the tower stairs to daylight for the first time and showering Sanrev with sharp rocks. Did Camon mean to bring the walls of the castle down on their heads? For what purpose? It was an act of a madman.
More blocks exploded around him as he continued, angering Sanrev at the destructive vindictiveness. “Why don’t you quit hiding and fight me? Why tear the walls apart?”
His brother stepped out from the landing above him, his eyes widening as he saw the holes. His face hardened and he looked down. “What trickery is this? Don’t think to lay the blame on me.”
He descended the steps with sword swinging, forcing Sanrev to walk backwards to escape his precarious position. They battled through the hallways, their skills too similar for either to gain ascendency over the other. Hours passed, each having to rely on magic to sustain them as weariness set in.
Sanrev staggered back as a blow to the arm spun the sword out of his hand. He rushed his brother and threw him to the ground. Odd points of light bounced along the walls of the room, then disappeared. Musical bells resonated in the air in discordant fashion. Camon recovered from his surprise first, shoving a fist into Sanrev’s jaw.
“You think a bit of magic will distract me from killing you?”
Sanrev scrambled to his feet, tasting blood. He hadn’t created the lights or bells. What was Camon up to?
A knife flew into his hand of its own volition, just as Camon leapt toward him with another in his hand. Sanrev ducked and spun around, slicing Camon’s arm as he came back up.
His brother bellowed with rage and pain; lightning flashed across the high ceiling. Sanrev held his head in agony and sank to the floor. He pulled his hands away from his ears and found them covered with blood. Camon rolled on the floor, his mouth working, but Sanrev heard nothing.
He was deaf.
The walls glowed with patterns of light and darkness, constantly changing as if something crawled over the stone. Holes opened in the ceiling, revealing the stars above. As he stared, a ball of fire streaked across the sky.
Shaylar’s magic had turned against the Kingdom. Icy fear gripped Sanrev. He ran up the steps of his old tower, the walls lighting his way as the luminescence grew stronger. Rocks flew silently past his head but he kept going, up to the top room of the tower.
From the window he saw sheets of lightning striking the ground around the castle, felt the vibrations through the stone under his feet. He heard none of it.
A blow from behind twisted him around. Camon had followed, his face covered in blood and madness glinting from his eyes. He waved a knife in Sanrev’s face, then it flew from his hand and out the window.
“Don’t you see what’s happening?” Sanrev shouted the words, hearing nothing at all. It didn’t seem as though Camon could hear them either.
They punched and kicked and beat at each other. The walls of the castle crumbled around them, giving Sanrev glimpses of the valley below. Torch fire dotted the landscape along the wall, held by peasants keeping vigil and awaiting the outcome.
Sanrev’s eyes began to swell shut. A pair of hands grabbed his throat and squeezed. Sanrev whispered a silent spell through a mouthful of blood, punching his thumbs into Camon’s throat.
He felt the floor collapse beneath them, breathed in a last, gasping breath of dust as they fell through one hundred feet of rubble, still locked in combat.
Chapter Fourteen
Aftermath
Chaog stood back from the crowd of peasants, in awe of the anger of the magic blasting the castle apart. He watched the brothers in their final moments, choking the life from each other before the stone floors buckled and swallowed them. Ignoring the weeping and wailing of the people around him, Chaog lifted his hands in supplication, ready to receive the magic.
It flowed right past him, a luminescent whirlwind boiling up over his head. As he stared at it in dismay, the stream split into four sections and shot through the sky in different directions like arrows of molten flame.
“What was that?” Zantira asked, her face only puzzled. She didn’t understand.
Chaog tasted bitter fear so thick he choked on a breath. “We have to find the child. Quickly!”
“What for? I thought we were taking the magic.”
“You don’t understand.” Chaog walked away from her, trying to focus his magic on Sanrev’s child. “You never studied with the Wall of History. I did. Chandra is no longer in balance. The magic went to the other four Kingdoms instead of staying here.”
“What does that have to do with the child?” Zantira’s voice had an edge to it now. Chaog stopped to face her, grabbing her by the shoulders.
“The gates. This world is tethered to the other one. We have to send the child through the gates to slow down the destruction and help balance the magic. If the tether snaps, both worlds will be lost to Chaos.”
“Destruction? I still don’t understand.” Zantira refused to budge from her stance after he let go of her.
“The magic has been ripped away from the land in Shaylar. The other four Kingdoms have more magic than they should. Is that clear enough for you?” Chaog stalked away, not caring if she followed or not.
She caught up to him, laying a hand on his arm. He felt the tremor in her fingers. “You mean Chandra will tear itself apart?”
“Yes. The balance between the two worlds will be affected as Chandra begins to experience increasing earthshakes. The land in Shaylar grows dead even now. Can’t you smell the rot in the air?” Chaog passed a hand over his face, mopping at the sweat forming along his hairline. “In time, the earth will crumble to its core and split open.”
“How is sending the child through the gates going to prevent this? Shouldn’t we be trying to recover the magic?”
“I was wrong,” Chaog admitted, though it pained him to do so. “Only the blood of Shaylar can hold the magic. Sending the child to the other world will hold the balance long enough for the magic to formulate a call to its own blood, bringing its rightful ruler back to the Kingdom.”
“How long will that take?” Zantira sounded resigned now…and irritated by the delay.
“I don’t know but it shouldn’t take long. Maybe two or three generations. I really can’t say. While we’re waiting, we can make other plans to rule Shaylar.” Chaog had been forming ideas, in case one of the brothers had survived. His plans could still work. He could be the power behind the throne, with the new generation of ruler not knowing how to use his magic.
“What’s to keep someone else from taking this child’s descendant away from us? How will we even know when he comes back?”
“We’ll feel him come through the gate. As for our illustrious leader, we’ll tell her we are in control of the timing—that we will call the blood back.”
Zantira sneered at him. “Why would she even care?”
“She’ll care,” Chaog assured her. “She’ll care because she won’t want to give up the extra magic. Believe me, I know. Now, help me find the child!”

Temple Larat, First Year of the Kuasai, five years after the Fall of Shaylar
Maderin sat quietly at the small writing table in his cramped room, considering his options. His head ached with each new portent. His hand shook with fear. His heart wept with what he must do, for he enjoyed being counted among the living. An entire world balanced on the edge of the abyss, its fate delivered into his hands. Chandra was his to save.
Or to destroy.
He set pen to paper, carefully recording the riddle he’d been sent through his Sight. No other would know its secrets. None would be able to solve the puzzle or divine its meaning. It would remain a mystery until the one arrived to unlock the portent and restore balance once more.
The Kingdom of Shaylar must rise again to save them all. If the one chosen failed in his task, Chandra would slide into the abyss, its people destroyed.
And what of that other orb, the world tethered to this one? Maderin hadn’t seen its fate but surely it couldn’t survive the chaos with its counter-balance gone. It, too, might suffer its own death as well, this faraway planet known to its people as Earth.
Already the struggle began here in Shaylar. To fill the void left when the Kingdom fell five years earlier, new rulers had appeared to tame the masses. These self-styled kings—Thanes, they called themselves—marked their territories in great cities called Citadels. These petty Lords of War clashed with each other over land and ruled the people by fear. Though highborn, their magic was no match for that which left the land in ruins.
It was not his problem to be concerned with. That which the visions had spoken of was to be his final legacy. The rest would be for someone else to handle.
His task finished, Maderin stood and gazed outside at the majestic snow-capped mountains known as the Dragon’s Teeth. They marked the border to the Fire Kingdom, one of the Five Kingdoms of Chandra. Five fingers on one hand. Five points of light in the night sky directly overhead—marking the gates to their sister world. Five portals of energy, passageways for the exchange of life between two worlds.
What must it be like to enter one? To discover you’ve moved from one world to the next? He would never know. It was honor enough to be entrusted with the secret. The rest would be forever beyond his reach.
Maderin read over the words once more before he folded the page and sealed it. He called for the courier, bade him a swift journey to the edge of the southern sea. From there he knew a ship would deliver his words to Far Isle, home of the wizards.
Now to the end. Best not to linger in sorrow. He’d done as instructed by the magic binding the Kingdoms together; the source of all Sight which he lived to serve, though not for much longer.
To remain would destroy the portent, endangering them all. The unscrupulous could break his silence, discover what he knew.
Maderin climbed the stairs to the tower, taking in the crisp air as he stepped outside at the very top, some three-hundred feet or more above the ground. The Dragon’s Teeth looked close enough to touch from up here, an illusion testifying to their gigantic stature. He’d often hoped to see a dragon in flight before he died but never had. No one had, though legend spoke of them as once showing themselves to the people of Shaylar.
He spread his arms wide, imagining how dragons must soar through the air, and stepped off the ledge.
A ruby tear,
A sapphire lights the sky,
Follow the floating emerald,
Melt the jasper which clings to the tree.
The torque entwines,
The magic blooms,
Behold, the Kingdom of Shaylar rises,
For the one who endures both triumph and tragedy.
About River Fairchild
River Fairchild is somewhat odd, brandishes a dry sense of humor, owned by several cats. Lives in a fantasy world. A fabricator of magic. Makes stuff up and spins tales about it. Believes in Faerie crossings and never staying in one place for very long. Speculative Fiction wordsmith. The secret to her stories? Spread lies, blend in truths, add a pinch of snark and a dash of tears. Escape into her world. She left the porch light on so you can find your way down the rabbit hole.
I enjoy getting to know my readers. You can connect with me through my website, riverfairchild.blogspot.com, or by email at RiverFairchildAuthor@gmail.com. I’m on Twitter as @RiverFairchild and on Facebook as facebook.com/RiverFairchildAuthor.
Stay up-to-date on the latest books, sneak peeks, freebies, and discount coupons by signing up for my newsletter. Sign up for Newsletter
Other Books by River Fairchild
The Jewels of Chandra Series
Magic is real. So is betrayal.
Two heirs. A Kingdom of dust on a troubled world. One might resurrect it. One might destroy it all. An epic fantasy.
Diamonds and Dust - Book 1
Archaeologist David Alexander investigates the cave where his father disappeared and hurtles into another world, one filled with magic and bizarre creatures. The mad ravings in his father’s journals of icemen and dragons may not be fantasies after all.
Convinced his father may still be alive, David begins a treacherous journey to find him and discover a way home. Along the way, he encounters a few unlikely friends. A Dreean warrior, a beautiful thief and a satyr join him as he searches.
David’s arrival into this new world sets off an explosive chain reaction of events. Faced with powerful adversaries and few clues, he may not get the chance to rescue his father before disaster strikes, condemning both of them to death. Or worse.
Available as ebook and paperback. For more information, click here.
A Dragon’s Lament – Book 2
David enters the Fire Kingdom and events shift from bad to worse. He learns a shocking truth about the dragons, a truth destined to block his efforts to retrieve the lost magic of Shaylar from the ruling Council.  After a cave-in and injuries force a rescue, David finds himself more isolated than before as personal concerns scatter his trusted advisors and the wizard who led him there abandons him.
The head of the dragon Council negotiates separate deals with both David and his father, sowing further discord between them. David’s close friend, Lothan, disappears into the caves and doesn’t return. A group of dissidents kidnap Wilks, the child empath David is sworn to protect. With no options left, he accepts the Council’s demands to help them in their centuries-old conflict, risking a war which might kill them all.
Even if David manages to win, there’s no guarantee the dragons will let him leave the region alive. They don’t want the Kingdom of Shaylar to rise again and will stop at nothing to see it remain a pile of dust.
Available as ebook and paperback. For more information, click here.
More in the series coming.
Bone and Ice – Book 3
Sea Dreams – Book 4
Death of Honor – Book 5

Living the Afterlife, a Death and Chronos flash fiction collection
Thirty stories filled with laughter and mishaps as a Harley-riding Death and anachronistic Chronos create havoc in Purgatory and on Earth. A host of Immortals join in the misadventures.
Find out what happens when Death teaches War how to bowl. Can Chronos fix his blunder when he loses a year? What is Gaia going to do when she discovers the invisible sheep? Can you win playing poker with Evil?
Step into their world. The Afterlife will never be the same.
Free ebook. For more information, click here. 
Untethered Realms

I’m a proud member of
Untethered Realms
Tap into worlds, wings, and spec fic things.
Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror including the Weird, the Amazing, the Fantastic, and the Exotic, immersing you in mashups, alternative realities, and the wonderful.
You’re guaranteed fun, unique, and entertaining reads from Untethered Realms. Check out the other books and authors there!
http://untetheredrealms.blogspot.com
