Claimed by the Beast
Part One
Published by Novel Concept Publishing LLC at Smashwords
By Dawn Michelle
©2014

All rights reserved under the International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, organizations, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
For additional information contact: 
www.novelconceptpublishing.com
5699 Applegrove Dr
West Bloomfield, MI 48324


Cover art © 2014 Cora Graphics

Warning: the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in prison and a fine of $250,000.

Sign up for Dawn Michelle’s newsletter.

Look for these other Claimed by the Beast books:
Claimed by the Beast – Part One
Claimed by the Beast – Part Two
Claimed by the Beast – Part Three
Claimed by the Beast – Part Four




Chapter 1

“Hey Meth! Want to come hang out on the deck? We’ve got a hot tub!”
Crystal spun away from the blond with the dazzling smile and perfect hair and felt the heat rush to her face. “I knew this was a stupid idea!” she hissed.
“Ignore that dumb bitch,” Beth, her best friend, said loud enough for everyone nearby to hear her over the music. “Let’s grab some beer and have some fun!”
Crystal let her friend grab her hand and pull her through the crowd and away from the kitchen. She had sense enough to yank her hand back. “That’s all I need, for Stephanie to see that and start in.”
Beth rolled her eyes and turned to someone sitting on the arm of a couch that cost as much as a small car with a plastic cup in their hands. “Hey, where’s the keg at?”
“Out back, on the porch.”
Crystal groaned as she followed her friend through the crowd of people in the house. The house belonged to Chad Dixon, one of their classmates. Well, it belonged to Chad’s dad, a high-priced corporate lawyer named Barnaby. Chad’s parents were away on a business trip for the weekend and following week, leaving Chad alone with at least a hundred of his closest friends.
Crystal and Beth found their way through the dining room and out through some French doors into the humid summer night air. The music was a little quieter but that made the buzz of conversation that much louder. The smell of tobacco and marijuana stung her nose and made her eyes water. She saw Beth blinking and recognized the forced smile her friend had on her face.
“There it is!” Beth cried out when she saw a kiddie pool lined with ice. Three kegs sat in it, each tapped and offering different types of beer. “Come on.”
Crystal yelped as she was dragged by her friend across the deck. She heard someone yelling and turned to see the hot tub that Stephanie had mentioned. Sure enough, Stephanie was standing next to it. Amid cheering, she was slowly lifting her top over her head. Crystal stared, stunned at how there was no limit to what the popular girl would do to get attention.
“Can you believe that?” Crystal hissed as Beth pushed a cup in her hands.
Beth turned and sighed. “Ignore her. She just wants attention. I bet she’s nothing but a cock tease anyhow. Not with her daddy and the church and all that.”
Crystal smirked and took a drink of the pungent liquid. She grimaced but forced herself to swallow the beer down. It would take some work before it started tasting good. Or at least so she didn’t mind the taste. Maybe she wouldn’t mind Stephanie being such a bitch by then either.
“Ladies,” a boy said as he slowed while walking past them. He held up a bong and a lighter and offered it to them. “You guys want a hit?”
“No thanks, Ben,” Beth said before Crystal could respond. “We’re just drinking tonight.”
“That’s cool,” he said. His eyes dropped, taking in their bodies, and then he grinned. “You two have fun together!”
Crystal’s eyes narrowed. He walked out of earshot before she could hiss, “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Beth laughed. “Relax, it doesn’t mean anything. Just try to have fun! You’re too hung up on what people think. Nobody cares what that bitch said. They probably don’t even remember!”
“Oh, sure they don’t. That’s why he accused us of being together!”
Beth rolled her eyes. “Screw them,” she said.
“Not a chance!”
Beth laughed, spraying out some of her beer. More cheering distracted them and made them turn to see Stephanie standing in only her bra and panties on the deck. She stepped into the hot tub and sank to her knees, and then took another step and sank to her waist.
“Attention whore,” Beth muttered.
Crystal nodded but couldn’t help herself. It was like watching a train wreck—she wanted to look away but couldn’t. Stephanie bent over and dipped her arms in the water. A moment later, she lifted them out and held her pink panties in her hand. She swung them around before letting them drop on the deck, earning a fresh round of catcalls from the boys gathered for her show.
“Well, that’s backwards,” Beth observed.
Crystal nodded again and took a large drink of her beer. She ignored the bitter taste until it burned her nose. She lowered the cup and saw Stephanie staring at her across the deck. The blond pursed her lips and blew her a kiss as she released her hands that had been holding her bra against her chest. Crystal gasped.
“Look at her!” Stephanie cried out over the drunken cheers. She shook her head and dropped the bra on the deck before sitting down in the hot tub and letting the water hide her breasts. “You can’t have me. I’m not into girls.”
Crystal spun away, tears stinging her eyes. Beth swore loudly and grabbed her arm, sloshing her beer on the deck.
“Fuck her! Come on,” Beth growled. She tugged her across the deck and off into the yard. People were gathered there too, but it was more open and the smoke wasn’t as thick. “God, what a bitch!”
“I’m not like that,” Crystal said. “Why does she have to do this to me?”
“Maybe you should be,” Beth suggested.
Crystal’s heart skipped a beat. She stared, too stunned to be upset. “What?”
“She keeps getting attention for teasing you. Maybe you should one-up her. Stop denying it.”
“But I don’t like girls!”
“You kissed her,” her friend pointed out.
“I was drunk and it was her idea! She said we could get some guys to like us. I didn’t know—”
Beth sighed. “Crys, I love you. You know that. We’ve been friends forever, even when you kind of treated me like crap earlier this year.”
Crystal let her head drop and stopped fighting the tears. “I’m sorry. I wanted to be—”
“Stop it. I know. It’s okay. We all want to know what it’s like to be the queen.”
Crystal lifted her head and nodded. She’d always been nobody since middle school started. A little too thick. A little too clumsy. A little too awkward. A little too plain. She was always nice to everyone and tried to get along no matter who she talked to. Then when Stephanie Edgerton, the queen of Middlebrook High, suddenly started saying hi back, she thought everything was going to change.
Stephanie started spending time with her. They went shopping together and did homework together, with Crystal helping her get better grades in math and science along the way. They hung out and people started noticing her. Noticing her and wanting to hang out with her.
It all came crashing down at a party after midterms were over. She was drunk and Stephanie had played her, telling her how different and special she was. Crystal didn’t know what was happening, other than that she was the center of attention. Stephanie’s attention. Before she knew what was happening, Stephanie kissed her. It wasn’t a good kiss or even a kiss that Crystal wanted. But it meant something to her. It meant she was good enough and cool enough. She kissed Stephanie back.
And then the rug was pulled out from under her feet. Stephanie pushed her back and laughed at her. Laughed at her in front of a stunned crowd. She called her a dyke and a rug muncher and a bunch of other things. None of them true! But people believed her. Hell, Crystal believed her. She ran home, crying and hurt, even if the shock had killed her buzz.
Beth reached up to wipe the tears off her cheeks.
“Stop, somebody will see,” Crystal mumbled.
“Let them,” Beth challenged. “I’ve heard them say it before.”
“What? Who?”
Beth shrugged. “We’re friends. They make the jokes and assume we’re lesbians.”
Crystal groaned and stomped her foot on the spongy ground. “Damn it!”
Beth shrugged and poured the rest of her beer into Crystal’s cup. “Drink up. It’ll help.”
“Alcohol won’t solve my problems,” Crystal whined.
“Neither will milk,” her friend said with a grin. “I’ll go get more. That way you don’t have to get near the bitch.”
Beth turned to get more beer and Crystal took her medicine like a good patient. She chugged the foul-tasting drink down and managed to only gag a little when she’d finished it. She winced and belched, her hand flying to her lips to try to hide it. She looked around and saw that no one was paying any attention to her. Just like it used to be. Just like it should be.
Crystal sighed. “This was a stupid idea.” She repeated her earlier statement. She let the cup drop and turned away. She could cut through a neighbor’s yard and be on the next street. She was a couple of miles from her house, but the walk would do her good. It was warm out and she needed to clear her head.
She glanced over her shoulder at the porch and saw everyone dancing and partying like they didn’t have a care in the world. They were having the time of their lives and didn’t realize it was at the expense of someone else. Crystal’s lip curled up in a snarl. “Fuck them,” she growled before turning and striding across the yard to get the hell away from them all.




Chapter 2

Crystal pushed through the hedge and tugged her shirt free with a cry of frustration. She felt the fabric rip but it came free from the bush. She grabbed the torn fabric at her side and stared at it with fresh tears welling up in her eyes. It was one of the shirts she’d bought because Stephanie had said it looked hot on her.
She clenched the fabric between her fingers and started to pull on it. She wanted to keep ripping it. To tear it off and burn it. Except then she’d be walking home in the dark with only a bra on. Not one of her better plans. She let out a frustrated sigh and dropped her hands to her sides.
She wondered if anyone had noticed she’d left the party. Beth probably did, unless she got caught up in something. Beth was a good friend. The kind of friend Crystal needed. The kind of friend she wanted to be. After all the stuff that had gone down, Beth had been there to help her. To show her somebody still cared, even if she’d been too stupid to realize it.
She turned to look back at the hedge and the couple of yards between her and the party. Should she go back and tell Beth she couldn’t stay? Or would she figure it out? She bit her lip and shook her head. No way was she going to face those people again. Beth was a smart girl; she’d figure it out.
Crystal turned and started walking again. She hugged her arms against her chest in spite of the sticky night air. The sooner she got home the better. Then she could throw her stupid shirt away and try to figure out what she really wanted.
She glanced up when she got to the next street. She was near the edge of the upper-class part of town. The road went back into town to her right and on the left it went towards her place. A small house with just her and her mom. Her dad had left a long time ago, running off to chase some dreams of making it big in California. Sometimes he sent money, but he never called or came back. Then one day, even that stopped.
She stopped and turned, glancing up and down the dark road. Trees lined the side, casting shadows in the darkness as the moon and stars were filtered. A breeze kicked up, blowing humid air against her and then fading. Crystal glanced back and shivered. It was really quiet. She knew she shouldn’t hear the kids at the party; those voices had faded a couple of minutes ago. But now everything seemed so silent.
She started walking again, her eyes shooting into the darkness and glancing back and forth, trying to pick out details. She felt like things were moving as she saw them out of the corners of her eyes, yet when she turned there was nothing there.
She whipped her head back around to the front and heard herself gasp. Over the sound of her low wedges scuffing the loose dirt on the side of the road, she heard the sound of the stream up ahead. Middlebrook Creek, the only thing of interest in the entire town. It fed a swamp a few miles downstream that emptied into the Mississippi River on the other side.
She stared ahead at the bridge over the creek. Construction a few years back had rebuilt it one lane at a time and now it was supposed to be good for a hundred years more. She passed the weight limit sign without even bothering to read it. She’d seen it enough times to wonder what could possibly visit her town that would weigh more than eighty-seven tons.
Crystal made it to the edge of the bridge before she stopped and stared at it. Other than her own breath, she could only hear the water rushing underneath her feet. She put her hand on the railing and looked over the edge into the black water.
It was deeper than it used to be. Not deep enough to swim in, but they’d dug the creek out when they replaced the bridge. Before, it had been shallow enough that kids used to catch crawdads and frogs. Now it was waist-deep and swift enough that nobody was allowed underneath it anymore. Some fences had even been put up to keep people out after a kid died earlier that year. He slipped and went under and they never did find his body as he was washed downstream.
Crystal leaned out and saw the chain-link fence to keep people out. She also saw where it had been dug out and could be pulled back. Kids were still kids, after all. She nibbled her lip for a moment and then looked up at the water. It was so dark it looked bottomless. Empty. Endless. She imagined the boy who drowned felt that all around him.
She shivered and hugged her arms closer. She was upset, not suicidal. She started to step back when she heard something come from under the bridge. Something that sounded like a splash, which wasn’t surprising. What followed sounded like an animal growling.
Crystal gasped and took a step back, her wedge scuffing across the loose pebbles on the edge of the road. Maybe it wasn’t kids who had pulled the fence back. Maybe an animal had dug it out. Except she wasn’t sure what kind of animal would have done it. A woodchuck or badger, maybe? Or a dog. Yes, that was it, probably a dog.
She heard another growl, but this was from her right. It was distant and steady. She turned and saw two eyes sparkling in the darkness. She gasped and took a step back, slipping and nearly sliding down the side of the bank towards the river. Crystal’s arm grabbed the railing and she held on while her other hand came up in front of her face.
The growling grew louder as the eyes approached and then multiplied. She realized what an idiot she was a moment later. It wasn’t an animal; it was a motorcycle. Several of them. She watched as they roared closer and thundered across the bridge, riding side by side. She counted five of them as they passed her with no more than a glance from the drivers and a wave from a woman riding as passenger on the lead bike. Her hair, so blond it looked white, blew in the wind behind her. 
They were gone before she could see any more. The noise of the bikes disappeared as fast as it had appeared. She stared after their taillights and then turned to glance at her footing. She wondered how close she’d come to slipping off and falling.
Another growl, this one from the animal under the bridge, distracted her. She gasped and tried to see more. She had almost a foot before the bank sloped too sharp for her to stand on, so she slid her foot down farther and peered out. The growl turned savage, from a warning to a threat. She swallowed and started to pull herself back.
Was it a rabid dog? A wolf or a coyote? Her imagination got the best of her as she imagined a massive wolf with snarling teeth. She whimpered and turned to get away from whatever it was beneath her. It could have been an angry chipmunk with a megaphone for all she knew. She had to get away!
Something rattled the chain fence, stealing her breath from her and making her heart drop. Was it coming for her? Was this what had killed the little boy? Maybe it wasn’t an accident—maybe he’d been eaten alive!
She pulled herself back up to the railing and started to scramble away. Wedges weren’t running shoes but she would have run a marathon in high heels to get away from whatever the hell was behind her.
“Shi—oof!” She gasped as her right foot twisted and she fell forward. Her knee slammed into the rough pavement, ripping her jeans and making her knee erupt in agony. She slapped her left shoulder and right elbow next but that pain was forgotten when her cheek hit the asphalt and rubbed her skin raw.
Crystal rolled over and stared up, her vision blurry and dark. She heard someone crying. Was it her? And something else. Something growling and breathing heavy. She blinked as fast as she could and tried to make sense of what was happening. She pushed herself back, sliding across the road to gain some time. She needed to get up and run. That much made sense. She could deal with her face and arm and knee later. Her foot felt funny, too—kind of numb but with a sting to it, like she’d cut off circulation to it.
She rolled back onto her hands and knees and staggered to her feet. Her right knee felt like someone was sticking needles in it but she had to go. She clutched her right arm against her side and took a few steps that left her limping and crying out. She couldn’t make it—it hurt too much! She suddenly caught a new and wretched smell. It made her think of rotting meat.
A howl pierced the night and sent a shiver down her spine. She stopped breathing for a moment and started to turn her head back just as she heard the sound of an animal fighting another one. Was it her animal? The one that was after her? It sounded like more than that. Were there two of them under the bridge?
She risked a look and saw dark shapes rolling on the bridge. She made out fur and a flash of white teeth. Eyes sparkled with a light that seemed like something straight out of hell. Crystal wanted to scream but she couldn’t find her breath. Something grabbed her shoulder and spun her around.
“Go!”
Crystal stared into the wild eyes of a woman with flaming red hair flowing down her back. She tugged Crystal as though she was a little kid instead of a teenager who ate too many meals out of a drive-through window. Crystal stumbled and cried out, but the pain in her knee was numbing already. She staggered a few steps and looked back again.
She stopped and stared as the woman slipped her leather vest off her shoulders and reached down to rip her skirt off. She jumped forward, her image blurring in the darkness. She landed on all fours and jumped again, except she looked different. Did she just—
Crystal was spun around again. She stared into the chest and neck of a man who might as well have been a mountain. Before she could say anything, she felt him grab her waist and pick her up. Her stomach felt like she’d left it behind until she landed on his shoulder and realized she was staring at his leather-clad back.
She screamed and started punching him as he turned and started to run.





Chapter 3

Crystal yelped as the brute carrying her upended her and set her down. She staggered and would have fallen except for his hands keeping her upright. She shook her head and lifted her head to look at him. She opened her mouth but the words didn’t come to her.
He was amazing. He reminded her of a bigger Adam Levine, with his strong jaw line and dark scruff darkening his face. His eyes were blue, but not a blue like she’d ever seen before. They were bright, almost bright enough to glow in the dark. Cornflower blue, maybe?
“I said, are you all right?”
She shook her head. He’d been talking? Why hadn’t she heard him? And his voice—it was raspy and deep and it made her knees weak. At least she thought it was his voice. Her entire body felt sore and loose. So was she all right?
She shook her head. “No!” she blurted. “What just happened? I was—something—what was that?”
He opened his mouth but she spun and pointed back down the road. “And what was that woman? Not who—what? She just took off her clothes and—and—and I don’t know!”
She turned back around to face him and saw him glancing around. She watched him for a moment and realized that he’d looked ageless at first, but now that she saw him searching for answers, he looked younger. Older than her, probably, but not by much. She swallowed and glanced down, and then realized part of why she felt off-balance. Her shoe was missing!
“Where’s my shoe? I need my shoe! Those were expensive wedges!”
He shook his head. “It’s gone,” he said.
“Gone? No, I tripped and it fell off. That’s all! It’s just back down there.”
He grabbed her arm as she started to walk. She stopped and tugged against him without any success. She imagined his grip was like what a handcuff would feel like, only stronger.
“Leave it,” he said.
She spun and pointed her finger at him. “Leave it? Look, um, dude. I don’t know who you or your freaky friends are but I have to get home. My clothes are ruined and I feel like I’ve been in a car wreck. My friends at the party I just left are going to be looking for me and so are my parents.”
He grunted and nodded with his head back behind him. “Where do you live? I’ll take you home.”
“Oh, sure!” she said. “That makes sense. Just show this big freaky biker guy with the nudist friend who likes wrestling bears where I live.”
He snickered. “Bears? Hardly.”
“Oh yeah? Then what was that?” She held her hand up and shook her head. “No, never mind. I don’t want to know. Just let me go home, please?”
He shrugged. “Take the other shoe off,” he suggested.
She looked down and saw her torn jeans darkened with her blood. Her knee stung now that she acknowledged it and it brought back the memories of how she’d landed on her arm and scraped her face. She brought her left hand up and touched the warmth spot on her cheek, making it burn. Her fingers came away wet.
“Oh my God!”
“Oh shit,” he muttered as she stumbled and started breathing hard.
“Oh my God!” Crystal whispered again. “I’m bleeding. My face! Oh God, my arm hurts! Is it broke?”
“You’re gonna live,” he said. “Just calm down.”
“Calm down? I just—I just—”
He groaned and moved so fast she barely saw him in time to scream. The world tipped sideways on her again and then righted itself. She was staring at his leather-clad chest. She looked up at his face and saw him staring down at her. She craned her neck around and realized he’d picked her up again. It was a princess carry this time, at least.
“Calm down,” he repeated.
“You—”
“And be quiet,” he told her.
Crystal clamped her mouth shut against her better judgment. This man was crazy strong. If he wanted to hurt her, he could. She settled against him and listened to him breathing. The air moving in and out of his thick chest rumbled like the speakers in Chad’s house. Crystal glanced up and noticed that his leather vest was open but he wore a white t-shirt underneath it. Above the V-neck of the t-shirt, she saw thick black hair curling out.
A few moments later, he shifted and set her down. Crystal flailed until she realized she was sitting on the back of a motorcycle. “Oh no!” she said. “I can’t—my mom would kill me!”
“At least that’ll buy you a few extra minutes,” he said before he lifted his leg and slid it over the seat in front of her. He settled into the seat and dropped the bike a few inches on its suspension. “Hold on tight.”
Crystal swallowed and grabbed his sides. The bike rumbled to life beneath her and then the transmission clunked as he put it in gear. She started to lean over to look and see if something had broken when he gave the bike some gas and it lurched forward. Crystal screamed and wrapped her arms around his belly.
She wasn’t sure if the rumbling she felt was him laughing at her or the engine beneath them.
They rode for a few minutes, heading back down the road and passing the yard she’d cut through to leave the party behind. She started to relax and dared to lift her head up from where she’d tucked it in his back when he turned his head and spoke.
“Where do you live?”
“Back the other way.” She shouted to be heard over the wind.
He winced. “I can hear fine.”
“Oh, sorry.”
“Is there another way to your place?”
“Another way? Sure, um, turn left up ahead.”
He grunted and drove on, turning when she indicated. Her first turn almost ended up with her falling off the bike. He slowed down and stopped the bike before turning his head to look at her out of one eye. “Lean into the turns.”
“Oh, I didn’t know. Won’t we fall?”
“Only if you lean too far.”
“How will I know?”
“You’ll know.”
Crystal bit her lip and then nodded. He sped back up and drove through town at a smooth and steady speed. The exhaust rumbled behind them but it didn’t sound too loud. Not loud enough to raise any fuss, at least.
She gave him turn-by-turn directions to her house and then sat on the back of his bike when he pulled into her driveway and put the kickstand down.
“You need help?” he asked. “Or do you want to go for another ride?”
“What? No!” Crystal tried to jump off the bike. The reality was her stumbling and almost falling thanks to her aching body and missing shoe. She reached out and ended up grabbing onto his outstretched leg to keep from hitting the ground again. She straightened, her face burning for a different reason.
“You okay?”
She nodded. “Um, yeah. I’ll be fine.”
He raised an eyebrow. It was a bizarre look that made her laugh. “Sorry,” she said. “It’s been a crazy night. Um, thanks. For the ride. And for…um, whatever that was back there.”
He nodded.
Crystal turned and started walking up to her house. Was that it? She’d almost been eaten and then nearly been turned into roadkill. Finally, this beautiful man drove her home and she was running from him. She shook her head and sighed. He’d smelled so rough and manly. It was a good smell, one that made her want to nuzzle up to him again.
“Hey!”
Crystal turned to see he’d already backed his motorcycle around in the driveway. “Hey,” she said back. “Thanks again.”
“You need to feel the power between your legs again, just let me know.”
She grinned. “Okay. I will.”
He nodded and thumbed the starter. A moment later, he drove off in a rumble that sent chills through her body. She turned back to the house with a smile that wouldn’t go away in spite of the pain it caused her cheek.
He wanted to see her again! She wondered how long she should wait until she—
“Shit!” Crystal swore. She didn’t have his number. Even worse, she didn’t even know his name!





Chapter 4

Crystal woke up the next morning to the sounds of birds chirping outside. She groaned and rolled over, right into a beam of sunshine that warmed her face and made it impossible to pretend it was still night. She yanked her blankets up over her head but it was too late. She was awake. And her bladder was about to burst.
Crystal groaned and threw the covers back. She stepped on something on her floor and cried out as the pain in her heel shot up her leg. She stumbled forward and limped out into the hallway, thinking dark thoughts about whatever hair clip or earring she must have dropped.
She finished up in the bathroom and picked up her foot to look at it. She felt like whatever she’d stepped on was still stuck in her heel. She blinked and stared at it, not understanding what she saw.
On the inside of her heel, she saw oval splotches that were pink and red. They weren’t bleeding, but the spots looked like the skin was thin and only recently healed. Along the bottom of her heel, another curving line of them joined up with the marks on the inside. There were two of them that were more than just an angry pink: they were crusted over with dried blood.
Crystal went to pick at the scab with her fingernails and noticed how chipped and ragged they looked. Yesterday’s paint was scraped off and ruined already. She scowled at the waste and refocused on her heel. She peeled the scab away, drawing a hiss as it pulled at the living tissue beneath. She watched as a spot of blood welled up and started to run down the bottom of her foot.
She grabbed some toilet paper and blotted it up before it could drop to the floor. She kept the paper pressed against the wound, enduring the sting until it faded. When the bloody paper was pulled away, her eyes widened. It looked like the other spots on her foot, the skin pink and unbroken.
“What the f—” She trailed off and remembered more of her aches from last night. It brought back more memories. The bikers and the one in particular who picked her up like she was a kitten. Then there was the source of the strange marks on her foot.
“Oh my God,” she whispered as she remembered the growl and saw again the flash of teeth and eyes in the darkness. “It bit me!”
She twisted her leg and stared at her knee. It was bruised and dirty, but that was it. Hadn’t she rubbed it raw on the road last night and bloodied her pants? She turned to look at her arm but no amount of twisting let her get a good look at her elbow. She pouted and tried straightening it and bending it. It was stiff and felt a little sore, but it worked.
Crystal reached across and pushed her fingers against her shoulder. It felt tender when she poked it. She stood up and pulled her nightshirt off so she could twist her head and look at it. Her skin was tinted with a faded yellow and blue from a bruise. A bruise that looked a couple of days old.
She shook her head and stepped in front of the mirror. Her foot was tender now but the pain from earlier was gone. The girl looking back at her in the mirror gasped. She was a wreck! Her left eye looked puffy and bruised, the colors spreading down to her cheek. Her hair was a tangled mess and her makeup had run and was smeared all over her face from all the crying she’d done.
“What happened to me?” she wondered.
Well, she knew what happened. She’d been there, after all! But it didn’t make sense. She’d cut her cheek and her knee—she knew it! But now they looked fine? Other than the bruises. She let her eyes drop in the vanity mirror and sighed. Some things didn’t change. She still looked like she could refer to herself as Shamu’s mama.
“But I can’t heal that quick,” she argued with herself. “Wouldn’t I have to eat or burn a lot of calories or something?”
She turned to the scale in the bathroom and stepped on it. She held her breath and willed herself to be lighter. Just like every morning, except this time she knew it would be different. She knew she would be changed. Something had happened to her. Something scary and maybe, just maybe, wonderful!
The digital readout flashed a final answer and she let out her breath in a disgusted sigh. She was down a little, but still closer to two hundred than one hundred. Sure, she was a tall girl, but not that tall. In her wedges last night, she’d probably been six feet tall. The dark stranger who saved her had towered over her and made her feel like a little kid.
Crystal was jerked from her thoughts by her phone ringing back in her bedroom. She turned and started to dash for it when she realized she was only wearing her underwear. She looked back at her nightshirt and shifted her balance to go for it when the second verse of the Lady Gaga song that was the ringtone she used for Beth started. She turned and dashed down the hall. Her leg felt funny but it did what she told it to and kept her from planting her face on the floor—again.
She made it to her phone and answered with an angry, “Ow! This better be worth it.”
“Ow?” Beth asked. “Are you okay?”
Crystal could hear the concern in her voice. “Yeah, I guess. I just woke up and had to run to answer the phone. I remember why I don’t run.”
“Why? Oh, never mind.”
“Yeah, never mind,” Crystal said with a flash of irritation. Like she needed to be reminded that she was big up top. “What’s up? How was the party? Sorry I bailed, I—”
“Crys, where are you?”
“What? I’m home.”
“Why aren’t you at school? They forgot all about you after you ditched me.”
“I didn’t ditch you, I—school? It’s Saturday—why would I be at school?”
“Oh my God! You’re kidding me, right? Crys, it’s Monday. First period is about to start.”
Crystal jerked her phone away from her face and stared at it. Beth was right; it was Monday. “Holy crap,” she mumbled. “I slept all weekend?”
“Did I just hear you say you slept all weekend?” Beth asked.
“Yeah, uh, I guess I did.”
“You seemed a little weird at the party. Wow, I had no idea. I guess that’s why you didn’t answer my calls or texts?”
“Um, yeah,” Crystal said. “Crap, I’ve gotta get dressed and get to school!”
“Hurry up. Do you need me to come get you?”
“No, I’ll make it.”
“Okay. See you soon!”
Crystal smiled and hung up. She unlocked her phone and stared at it. She’d missed twelve calls and sixteen text messages. Most of them were from Beth but she’d gotten a couple from her mom, including some voicemails. “Wow,” she muttered while shaking her head. She turned and moved to her dresser and started pulling out clothes. She stopped with one leg in her pants and realized she needed a shower. Especially if she’d slept away two days!
Her arms clutching fresh clothes against her, she dashed back to the bathroom and cranked on the water. She brushed her teeth while the shower heated up and caught her reflection in the mirror. The bruises on her face made her pause. “Lots of makeup and sunglasses,” she mumbled around her toothbrush. That and a good story about how she tripped and fell on her way home from the party.




Chapter 5

Crystal made it to school a few minutes after her third class started. She walked in breathing hard but not quite panting from walking over a mile to get there. Fortunately for her, walking to school took her into town and away from the bridge. She wasn’t ready to cross over that again, especially on foot!
Beth met her at the front of the school and jumped up from the curb she’d been sitting on as soon as she saw her. “Crys! What is going on?”
“Nothing. I just—”
“Oh my God! What happened to you?”
Crystal sighed and shook her head. “I fell on my way home,” she lied. Well, it wasn’t exactly a lie, but there’d been a lot more to it. A lot more that didn’t make sense to her.
Beth reached out and picked up her sunglasses before she could stop her. “Jesus! That’s terrible! You look like you got in a fight. Are you sure you fell? Your mom didn’t—”
“No!” Crystal stopped her. “My mom is worried about me, but she let me sleep. She had a busy weekend at the hospital, working twelves.”
Beth stared at her for a long moment and shook her head. “I can’t believe you slept all weekend.”
“Me either,” Crystal admitted. “I probably hit the ground harder than I thought.”
“You mean, like, a concussion?”
Crystal nodded.
“Damn! You should get checked out at the hospital. Maybe you’ve got brain damage or something.”
Crystal smirked. “Don’t worry. I’ll still help you with your chemistry final.”
Beth laughed. “Come on, we’re going to get in trouble for being late.”
Crystal shrugged. “You are. I’m eighteen—I can write myself an excuse.”
Beth wrinkled her nose and then flipped Crystal off. Both girls laughed and walked into school and up the stairs towards their classes. With only three stairs left, Crystal had the sudden feeling of being kicked in the gut. She grunted and grabbed onto the railing to keep from falling.
“Crys!” Beth cried out. She spun and reached for her arm. “What’s wrong?”
Crystal shook her head and forced a breath between her lips. She strained slowly and ignored the pulling in her stomach. “I don’t know. It’s gone now. Felt weird, though.”
“Your stomach?”
“Yes.”
Beth frowned and then gasped. “You slept all weekend!”
Crystal raised an eyebrow. “Really? I hadn’t noticed.”
“No, dummy, think about it! You haven’t eaten!”
“Oh.” Crystal blushed and nodded. She held her hand over her belly as she felt it tremble again. “Well, I could stand to lose a few meals.”
“Stop it! You’re beautiful!”
“Sure, for a water-retaining sea cow.”
Beth pressed her lips together and crossed her arms. “Knock it off,” she snapped. “You’re not like that. You’re—”
“Ladies, is there a problem?”
Both girls turned to see Assistant Principal Robbie staring at them from the open doorway of the main office. They turned to look at each other and then back at him.
“No, sir,” Beth mumbled. “Just running late for class.”
He frowned and opened his mouth to speak but Crystal had the sudden inspiration to use her predicament for her benefit. She reached up to her glasses and lifted them up. “Sorry, Mr. Robbie. I had an accident this weekend and I’ve been out of it. Took me awhile to get around this morning and make it in. Beth was just making sure I was okay.”
He clamped his lips shut as he studied her. His eyes narrowed and then widened. “Are you all right?”
Crystal nodded. “Fine now. It was a stupid thing but I ended up with a concussion.”
“Okay, well, step in here and we’ll write some passes for you so you don’t get in trouble. Did you both miss your morning classes?”
“Just me,” Crystal said. “Beth didn’t know about it until I called her and asked her to help me out.”
“I see,” he said. He glanced at Beth and offered a thin smile. “I appreciate your loyalty to your friend, but don’t make a habit of this.”
“No, sir!” Beth vowed.
He nodded and motioned for them to follow him. A few minutes later, they were on their way with passes. They stopped at a junction of hallways, Crystal turning towards her English class while Beth had history waiting for her. Beth looked at Crystal and reached up to adjust her glasses. “Don’t do anything like this again, all right?”
Crystal forced herself to laugh. “I don’t know, I kind of like beating my head against things. You should try it sometime.”
“Stop it!” Beth said after she laughed with her. “I mean, accidents happen. Just don’t ignore my calls.”
“Ignore—Beth, I was sleeping!”
Beth shrugged. “So? Don’t let it happen. I almost lost you once. I’m not going to risk it again!”
Crystal shook her head. “You’re crazy, you know that?”
Beth pressed her lips together and hugged her books to her chest. “Whatever. Be careful, okay? Love you.”
“Love you too, crazy bitch,” Crystal said.
Beth stuck her tongue out and spun away, flaring her skirt before heading down the hall to her class. Crystal watched her go and then shook her head again before heading for her English class.
She opened the door and walked in, interrupting the lesson Mrs. Watson was giving on sentence structure. The teacher looked at her and frowned, her eyes never leaving Crystal’s glasses even as she took the note.
“Ms. Davis, the sun’s not shining too brightly in here, is it?”
Crystal ignored the whispered laughter from Stephanie and a few other high-society girls. She reached up slowly and lifted her glasses so Mrs. Watson could see her black eye.
“Oh! Well, just this once I suppose it’s all right,” the teacher offered after she winced.
The teacher’s reaction was similar to Mr. Robbie’s. Pity and understanding. Even a flash of anger. Crystal kept her face blank but felt her stomach tighten. It wasn’t hunger this time; it was anger. She didn’t need their pity. Nobody was beating her—she fell down! It wasn’t somebody picking on her for being fat; it was—
Crystal stopped herself. That wasn’t true. She hadn’t fallen down. She’d been tripped. Tripped by some wild animal that tried to bite her. That did bite her. She almost laughed at her own mistake. She’d focused so hard on making up a story, she started to believe it. Better than the real thing, she guessed. Who would believe that?
“That’s all right,” Crystal said. She felt weird, like she wasn’t affected by anything all of a sudden. They could whisper and laugh all they wanted. She didn’t care. She knew what the truth was. She turned her head to look at the class and make sure everyone got a look at her. The whispers and laughter stopped when she confronted them. “You should see the other girl.”
Mrs. Watson gasped. “Ms. Davis, that’s hardly appropriate!”
Crystal flashed her a smile. “I’m sorry,” she said and then moved to her seat. She was two rows over from Stephanie and one seat back, but that didn’t stop the popular girl from glancing back at her. Crystal caught her eyes and stared until the blond’s cheeks reddened and she jerked her head away.
Crystal settled in and found herself daydreaming about leather-clad bikers for the remainder of the class.




Chapter 6

Crystal walked out of school and into the parking lot with Beth at her side two days later. Her bruises had faded and her appetite returned. The momentary burst of dominance faded with it, leaving her to groan when she saw Stephanie talking among a group of her friends on the sidewalk that led to the parking lot.
“Just ignore her,” Beth whispered.
“Ignoring her isn’t the problem,” Crystal muttered back. “It’s getting her to ignore me.”
Beth opened her mouth when Stephanie glanced over her shoulder towards them. She jerked her head back and laughed at something someone said and then stepped away from the group. She turned—away from Beth and Crystal—and started walking towards the parking lot ahead of them.
“That’s weird,” Beth muttered.
Crystal felt the hair on her neck stand up. It was weird, but she knew it had to do with her. How was Stephanie going to screw with her this time? “Hey Beth, have you heard of any bikers coming through town lately?”
Beth missed a step and had to stumble to catch herself. “Bikers? Like, on motorcycles?”
Crystal laughed at the image of her dark and handsome savior dressed in spandex and riding a ten-speed. “Yes, motorcycles. Leather. All that.”
Beth shrugged. “No. Why?”
Crystal smiled. “Just daydreaming.”
“I thought you wanted to meet a guy with a limo or a sports car.”
“Been thinking about motorcycles lately.”
“I’d still give a hummer to get a Hummer,” Beth said with a wicked laugh.
“Nasty,” Crystal chastised her.
Beth grinned. “I can do some amazing things with my mouth. I bet I can get just about anything.”
“Oh my God! Gross!” Crystal laughed. “And besides, who have you been practicing on?”
Beth’s smile faded. She shrugged. “I’ve been doing research.”
“Like what, watching porn?”
The way Beth clamped her mouth shut nearly made Crystal pee herself she laughed so hard. Distracted by her blushing friend, she walked up to Stephanie and almost bumped into her.
“Hey,” Stephanie said.
Crystal stopped laughing and felt the familiar tickle on the back of her neck. She wanted to ignore the uppity bitch and keep walking but something told her she’d regret that. “What do you want?” she snapped at her.
Stephanie’s eyes widened and she reared her head back a few inches. “Wow, okay. I just wanted to say hi.”
“Fine. Hi,” Crystal said. She could feel Beth on the other side of her watching and waiting to pull her away.
“Yeah, um, hi,” Stephanie said again. “You look nice. Are you working out?”
Crystal’s eyes narrowed. What was she up to? She turned and started to walk away.
“Look, I’m sorry about the party. About what I said. I was drunk and, um, I—”
Crystal stopped and spun to face her. Her face was hot and her heart went from calm to hammering in her chest fast enough to make her wonder if she’d just stepped on an exposed power line. “Look, just drop it. You were a bitch. End of story. I can accept it. I have accepted it. I’m moving on—why don’t you?”
Stephanie gasped and stared at her.
Crystal waited for a response that wasn’t coming. She turned to Beth and growled, “Come on.”
Beth tried, and failed, to hide a smug smile as they walked away from the stunned blond. They made it to Beth’s car before Beth turned and stared at her. “That. Was. Awesome!”
Crystal’s eyes widened and then she burst out laughing. Her heart had started slowing down at last and now she could appreciate the moment without fearing she’d start shaking.
“What got into you?”
“I don’t know,” Crystal admitted. “I just didn’t want to put up with her anymore.”
Beth grinned. “That should do it! Or make an enemy for life.”
Crystal sighed. “Probably. Why can’t she just leave me alone?”
“Because of moments like that,” Beth explained. “You act goofy and nerdy so much, but sometimes you do things that are just so cool, people have to stop and wish they were with you.”
Crystal’s brow drew together. “With me?”
“Yeah, like one of your friends. Somebody you care about.”
“Oh.”
“Don’t get embarrassed, it’s true! You’re going to make some guy a very lucky man someday,” Beth said. She hesitated and then winked as she added, “Or a girl.”
“Stop it! I’m not gay! That was an accident! A mistake!”
Beth laughed and opened her car door. “Come on, carpet muncher, I need to get to work. I wonder if ‘I Kissed a Girl’ is on the radio?”
“I hate you,” Crystal said. She thought she meant it for a second but she knew better. She just wished Beth would stop teasing her about the mistake she’d made. She’d finally shut Stephanie up, but now Beth was on her ass about it. “Okay, I don’t mean that, but please stop teasing me about that.”
Beth’s smile faded as she looked at Crystal. She opened her mouth but Crystal spun away when she heard the distant rumble of an engine.
“Hey, I said I’m sorry,” Beth repeated. “What’s wrong?”
“Do you hear that?”
Beth tilted her head and listened. “Hear what?”
A few seconds passed and the rumble grew louder. A smile grew on Crystal’s lips. She recognized the rumble: it was a motorcycle. His motorcycle.
“Motorcycle,” she said.
“Motorcycles,” Beth corrected. She pointed as five bikes appeared, one after another, on the road that led past the front of the school. One of them veered off and turned onto the school drive. “No freaking way,” Beth muttered.
Crystal took her hand off her door and stepped back out in front of Beth’s car and up on the curb in front of her car. A roadway that separated the parking lot from the school was on the other side of the curb.
“You’re not telling me everything about last weekend, are you?” Beth accused as the motorcycle rolled up in front of her and slowed to a stop.
The man riding the bike grinned at Crystal and lifted his sunglasses. “How about that ride?” he asked.
“Crys!” Beth hissed behind her. “Who is this guy?”
Crystal looked at him and felt her legs and belly tremble. She remembered him holding her against him and she wanted to be there again. Safe in his arms.
“I’m Henry,” he offered with a smile that looked like he might be happy or he might be ready to bite her. “My friends call me Hank.”
Crystal heard Beth snort behind her but she ignored her. “It’s okay, Beth. Go ahead and go to work. I’ll call you later.”
“Crys!”
Crystal turned to look at her, the simple act of breaking eye contact with Hank helping her think more clearly. “I will, I promise!”
“I’m going to be worried sick about you all night. Don’t do this!”
“I’ll be good,” Crystal promised.
Hank chuckled. “Don’t worry, little badger. I’ll protect her.”
“Did you just call me a badger?”
“Where are we going?” Crystal asked.
He grinned and leaned forward. “Where do you want to go?”
Crystal found herself climbing onto the back of his bike and wrapping her arms around him. She leaned in and inhaled, relishing the scent of leather and man. She felt him chuckle in her arms. He gave his bike some gas, rumbling the exhaust and sending thrill through her as she felt the engine vibrating through the seat.
He shifted, a powerful metallic thunk coming from the transmission the same as the first night she’d ridden with him, and then she was pushed back as he accelerated and turned. She leaned with him, circling in the two-lane roadway, and then was pressed back as the bike accelerated.
Crystal turned her head as they roared away and saw Stephanie standing where she’d left her. The blond’s head turned to follow her as she raced away from the school to whatever adventure her mystery biker had planned.




Chapter 7

“Anywhere special?” the man asked as they turned onto the road in front of Middlebrook High.
“You just showed up in front of all the people who matter,” Crystal gushed.
She felt him chuckle. “Mind if we go meet my friends then?”
Crystal felt her heart in her throat. Did he mean the people he’d been with the night she’d been attacked? “The other bikers?”
“Yes.”
“Um, sure,” she said and then grabbed on tighter when the bike surged forward. The wind whipped at her and pulled her hair into what she was sure probably looked like a bird’s nest it was snarled so bad. She ignored it; even shaving her head made it worth riding behind her mysterious savior.
“Hey,” she called out to get his attention.
“Hey what?”
She hesitated. How did he do that? He didn’t raise his voice at all but she could hear him so clearly. Even the rasp that reminded her a little bit of the growl from that night. She shivered at the thought. “So you’re Hank?”
“That’s what I said.”
She chuckled nervously. “I’m Crystal. Crystal Davis.”
“Thanks,” he said.
“Thanks?”
He slowed and turned onto a dirt road. “For telling me your name. That takes a lot of trust.”
She felt the bumps of the rocks beneath the tires and realized riding on gravel was a lot different than pavement. She felt unsteady on the bike and squeezed him tighter. “Um, you saved my life the other night. I kind of have to trust you.”
She felt him chuckle again but he didn’t say anymore. He drove the bike down the road several minutes, a couple of miles at least, and then pulled off onto an unmarked driveway. She gulped as she realized the driveway was more like a two-lane track into the woods. The trees were covered in moss and the entire area felt wet.
“You’re not going to take me to some rotting old cabin, tie me up, rape me, and kill me, are you?”
He laughed loud enough for her to hear him over the steady beat of the engine. “Hadn’t planned on it.”
“Good!”
“I had a different order in mind.”
Crystal gasped and then realized he was laughing even harder. She snarled and then turned and bit the back of his shoulder near where it met his neck. He stiffened and twisted around to look at her.
“What are you doing?” he asked, his blue eyes wide and intense.
Crystal gulped. “Sorry, I was just, um, I don’t know. You were teasing me so I figured I’d, um—I’ve never done that before. I don’t know what came over me!”
He turned his head back around and cursed. The bike lurched under her as he wrestled it at an angle to keep them from going off the path and into some bushes.
“Crap! I’m sorry!” Crystal cried again. She held on tighter than ever but tried to distance herself from him. She had the taste of leather in her mouth and the smell of his jacket and his skin in her nose. She wrinkled her nose and tried to breathe in the moist air of the woods to clear her senses.
Hank remained silent the rest of the short ride. He pulled into a clearing where some trailers were set up. Trailers complete with motorcycles in front of them except one. He parked his there and waited for her to climb off.
Crystal noticed he joined her only because she saw his feet a few moments later. He was facing her, but she was staring at the ground and too embarrassed to look up at him.
“Hey,” he said. “It’s okay. It just caught me off guard.”
She risked a look up and saw him smiling. She risked a smile back and then noticed one of the trailer doors opening. The redhead from the night before stuck her head out. She was wearing her leather vest and a skirt again. Crystal dropped her eyes and found herself caught up on the woman’s bare feet. Especially when she stepped out of her trailer and walked across the hard-packed ground of the small compound without any sign of discomfort.
Other trailer doors were opening and people were coming out. In moments there were five of them, including Hank, surrounding her. The redhead sniffed the air before saying, “You made it.”
“I think she’s fine,” Hank said.
“What? Of course I’m fine,” Crystal mumbled.
The oldest man in the group, complete with a salt-and-pepper beard worthy of a family member of the Duck Dynasty reality show, stepped up to her and reached out. He cupped Crystal’s chin in his rough hands and lifted her face up to meet his eyes. Crystal’s heart fluttered in her chest fast enough to give a hummingbird a run for its money.
The redheaded woman leaned in again until her face was only a few inches from Crystal’s. Crystal heard her inhale loudly. She wanted to push her back or at least move away, but she felt paralyzed by the old man’s gaze. His eyes were light gray, reminding her of storm clouds that hadn’t gotten angry enough yet to rain.
“She’s tainted,” the redheaded woman claimed.
The bearded man let go of her chin and grunted, “Were you hurt?” She could pick out a touch of a strange accent that she’d never heard before.
“She was fine when I left her,” Hank said.
The older man’s eyes flicked to Hank and then back to her. “Either you were hurt, or you went back and got hurt. Which is it?”
“I didn’t go back!” Crystal said. “I haven’t been by that bridge since then. What was that thing, a rabid dog or something?”
“Answer the question!” the redhead scolded in a voice just shy of being a scream.
Crystal jerked and turned to glance at her and then Hank. He offered an apologetic shrug. “Crystal, meet Ember,” he said.
“I’m Guntar,” the old man offered. He gestured at the platinum blond beside him. “This is Gwen, my mate.”
Gwen offered her a smile. Her outfit was similar to Ember’s, right down to the lack of shoes. The difference was the silver necklace with a half-moon pendant on it she wore.
“I’m Adrian,” the final man said. He wore faded jeans and a Harley-Davidson t-shirt.
Crystal checked Adrian’s feet and saw he had riding boots on, but they were barely tied. Was he in a rush to meet her and didn’t bother tightening them?
“You’d better answer my question before Ember gets too riled up,” Guntar reminded her.
Crystal tilted her head. Was it some kind of Russian accent? Maybe German? She couldn’t figure it out. “I fell and bruised my knee and shoulder,” she said.
“And your face,” Hank reminded her.
Crystal turned and saw Ember close enough to kiss. The redhead sniffed as Crystal jerked her head back. “What’s wrong with you?” she snapped.
Ember snarled, baring her teeth. Teeth that looked uncomfortably sharp. “You should be more worried about what’s wrong with you!”
“Hank, um, I think I’d like to go home now.”
Ember laughed.
Guntar shook his head. “Tell me, child, were you hurt by the Beast? Not from the fall, but the Beast itself. Don’t lie to us—you’ll only be doing yourself a disservice.”
“You mean that thing? Um, I don’t know. I fell down because it grabbed my shoe. Ripped it off my foot. Why, what was it?”
“I need to see it,” Guntar said.
“My shoe? Or my foot?”
Guntar took in a deep breath and let it out. His chest swelled until it was nearly as large as Hank’s. “Young lady, this may seem strange and foolish to you, but I am not a twisted old man with a foot fetish. Let. Me. See. Your. Foot!”
Crystal gulped and nodded. She knelt down and untied her sneaker before standing up and kicking it off. She pulled her sock off and stood on one leg. “Um, this is awkward.”
Ember dropped to her hands and knees, startling Crystal. She crawled a step forward and sniffed Crystal’s raised foot.
“Okay, this went from awkward to weird,” Crystal muttered.
Ember looked up at Guntar and nodded. She climbed to her feet and flashed her teeth at Crystal. Was it a twisted smile or did the redhead just snarl at her?
Guntar knelt down on one knee and took Crystal’s foot in his hand. She yelped, surprised, and turned from the bizarre woman to look down at the old man. He twisted her foot gently but firmly, studying it. His fingers traced the faded scars on her foot, tickling her. She fought the urge to jerk her foot back and lost her balance.
Hank’s steady hands caught her and kept her in place until Guntar set her foot down. He sighed and rose up. “You were bitten.”
“Okay,” Crystal said. “What does that mean? Do I need a rabies shot or something? My mom’s a nurse. I can just go to the hospital.”
“Do not go to the hospital!” Guntar growled. He offered her a thin smile and spoke in a calmer voice. “They can’t help you.”
“Help me? Help me with what? What’s going on?”
“You will die,” Ember hissed. “It’s only a matter of time.”
Crystal gasped and spun to face Hank. Her lips parted but no words came out.
“There are medicines,” Guntar said.
“Let her,” Ember snarled. “We should have let the Beast have her. Then Caden would still be with us.”
Crystal looked at all of them. She hadn’t met a Caden yet. There had been five bikes. She glanced at the trailers and counted five of them. But Gwen had been riding behind Guntar.
“Oh my God! You mean somebody died fighting that—that thing?”
Ember bared her teeth and took a step forward but Guntar barked her name and stopped her. She glared for a moment and then backed up and bowed her head.
“What is going on?” Crystal whimpered. She turned to Hank. “What the hell is going on? Am I in some kind of trouble? Because dying sounds like a lot of trouble.”
Hank lifted his eyes from hers and looked at Guntar. “She’s young and strong. I think she can fight it off.”
“What is it?” Crystal’s voice rose as she started to panic. “You guys are all freaking me out! Hank, take me home. I don’t want to—”
Guntar twisted her around and held her in arms that felt like steel. “There are things in this world you don’t understand,” he said in a menacing voice. “You’ve been marked. The Beast tasted your flesh. He’ll want more and he won’t wait.”
“Wait for what?” she whimpered.
“For you to die.”
“Oh God!”
Ember cackled from the side. “God has nothing to do with this.”
“You hungry?” Hank asked after Ember’s snide remark led to an uncomfortable silence.
“What?” Crystal spun to face him. “Hungry? How can I be hungry after all of that?”
Hank shrugged. “You gotta eat.”
Gwen’s laugh was an earthy whisper that made Crystal think of the wind blowing through a field. “He’s right, you need to eat. To fight the…infection.”
“Infection?” Crystal asked. “Is that what this is? Why can’t I get some antibiotics? My mom—”
“Your mother can’t help you,” Guntar said again. “You’ve been bitten by a beast with a bloodline that is so old, it comes from a time before time was recorded.”
“A time before time? What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“School girl,” Ember snapped, drawing her attention.
Crystal’s head whipped around to look at the smirking redhead. She opened her mouth and then closed it when Ember unbuttoned her vest and let it slide down her shoulders. Crystal’s widening eyes were drawn to her bare chest even as Ember released the hidden clasp on her skirt and let it flutter to the ground. Before she fell forward, Crystal noted she wore the same undergarments below the belt as above them—none.
Her shock reached a new level when Ember landed on her hands and…feet? Furry feet. With claws. Where she’d fallen stood a sleek and dangerous-looking charcoal and dark red wolf with her lip curled up to bare her teeth. It bore a striking resemblance to Ember’s smirk.
“Oh hell,” Guntar growled. “Damn it, Ember!”
Crystal stumbled back and fell into Hank. She looked up at him, her lips parted, and saw the unnatural bright blue color of his eyes. “Calm down,” he said.
Crystal screamed.




Chapter 8

Crystal sat on the small couch in Hank’s trailer with her arms crossed tight against her belly. They’d tricked her. Drugged her with something, maybe. There was no way she’d seen what she’d seen. It wasn’t possible. There was no way that Ember could turn into a wolf and then run off into the woods.
The door opened and Gwen stepped in with a plate of steaming meat on it. She smiled at Crystal and stepped in to offer her the plate. “You need to eat, sweetie,” Gwen said.
Crystal shook her head even as her stomach rumbled. She could smell the roasted meat and it looked really juicy, even if she was screaming at herself to not touch anything these people gave her. Her hands trembled as she reached out and accepted it.
“Hank, how about you give us some time to talk?” Gwen asked the big man.
Hank looked at Crystal, one bold eyebrow raised to seek her approval. Crystal heard her breath whistle in her throat. Was she whimpering? She glanced around the small trailer and nodded. It was almost too small for the three of them to be in anyhow. Unless Gwen sat down next to her.
Hank climbed to his feet and offered her a smile before he disappeared out the door.
Gwen took his seat and waited. Crystal put the plate on the cushion beside her and stared back. “What?” she asked the older woman.
“You should eat,” Gwen said. “I seasoned yours with some herbs that will help.”
“Help? Help what? Screw my head up and make me see more crazy stuff going on?”
Gwen shook her head. “Crystal, Ember’s inappropriate behavior showed you what we are. Why would we drug you?”
“What you are?” Crystal asked. She swallowed, unwilling to accept that they could all do that. Her eyes dropped to Gwen’s vest and skirt. They were similar enough to Ember’s that she could do the same thing. She could rip them off and pounce on her before Crystal could get off the couch. “Oh God!”
“We’re not as bad as you think,” Gwen said. “Even Ember. And by the way, she said she’s sorry for scaring you like that.”
“She—she did?”
Gwen opened her mouth and hesitated. She sighed. “No, she didn’t. She wouldn’t dream of doing that. But we’re working on her.”
Crystal bit her lip to keep herself from crying again. She glanced around, hoping for some escape. The trailer was clean enough, but it was dark and it smelled musty. There was a half-open door beside the couch that she’d spied a bed in when she came in. A small kitchen with random pieces of junk in the tiny sink was behind Gwen’s chair. Her house wasn’t the greatest, but it beat Hank’s trailer by a long shot!
Crystal’s eyes went back to Gwen and found her smiling at her. The smile made her stomach twist and grumble.
“Please, Crystal, eat.”
“I’m not hungry,” Crystal lied.
“Yes, you are.”
Crystal ignored the rebuke and stared at her. “You’re like her, aren’t you?”
Gwen tilted her head. “Ember?”
“Yes.”
Gwen smiled. “I’m like you, too.”
“I’m not—”
Gwen held up a hand, stopping her. “We’re women, and that means we’re difficult.”
“No, I’m not,” Crystal argued. “And that’s not what I meant.”
“Oh?” Gwen asked with a lightness to her tone. “What did you mean?”
“The thing where she—you know, she took off her clothes and…”
Gwen nodded. “And she turned into a wolf.”
“Oh my God,” Crystal breathed out in a rush.
Gwen nodded at the plate of food. “You should eat. Ember tracked that deer down so we’d have enough for all of us.”
Crystal’s head jerked to the side as she processed Gwen’s words. It didn’t look like the kind of meat she was used to. It smelled different too, and that wasn’t just the green and brown herbs sprinkled on it. Those had their own scents that she could pick out.
“Holy crap,” Crystal whispered as she realized what she was doing. “I can smell the, uh, the meat and stuff.”
Gwen nodded.
“Ember, um, did this? She caught a deer?”
“She’s our best tracker,” the blond woman said. “We all can, but Ember has the best nose.”
Crystal stiffened. “She really was sniffing me!”
“Yes.”
“What’s going to happen? Am I going to die? Here, I mean?”
“I hope not,” Gwen said. “We’ve already lost someone. We don’t want his death to be for nothing.”
“Gee, thanks.”
Gwen shrugged. “We saved you the other night and you haven’t thanked us yet. It’s only because Henry is smitten with you, and I’m trying to remind myself that you’re scared and clueless, that we haven’t given up on you.”
“Thanked you? For saving me?” Crystal gulped and remembered when she’d ridden home with the large man. “Um, I thanked Hank.”
“So you should know we aren’t going to hurt you.”
Crystal frowned. She couldn’t deny what Gwen was telling her but that didn’t make it any easier to accept. “Okay, um, thank you. But now what?”
“Now you should eat.”
“Enough with the damn eating!” Crystal blurted. “I’m kind of freaked out here. Food’s not my number one priority!”
“If you want to know more, you’ll have to eat first.”
“Fine!” Crystal snapped and picked up the plate. It had cooled but she could still feel the heat on the bottom of the ceramic. She glanced up at Gwen when she realized there was no fork or knife with it. Gwen nodded for her to go ahead. Crystal sighed and picked up one of the thin strips of cooked meat and bit into it.
The flavor exploded in her mouth, stinging her tongue and overwhelming her senses for a moment. She tore it off and chewed on the morsel, savoring the juice that she squeezed out of it before she swallowed it down. She tore off another piece and followed that with the third and final bite. After she swallowed it, she saw two more strips remained. She devoured them and licked the flavor off her fingers and lips before she remembered Gwen was watching her.
Crystal looked up at her, intent on playing it cool. Gwen’s grin told her the woman knew her secret. She’d love the crude meal more than the most expensive dinner she’d ever eaten. She ignored her smile and said, “There, I ate.”
“Do you want more?”
Crystal forced herself to shake her head. “I’m fine.”
“You’re a terrible liar.”
“Whatever.”
Gwen shook her head. “We don’t lie to one another, young lady. That’s the first rule you need to learn.”
“I’m not one of you,” Crystal protested. “I’m just a kid in high school!”
Gwen frowned. “You’re right and you’re wrong.”
“All right, you seem to know so much—you tell me what’s going on.”
“The Beast that bit you got your scent and tasted your blood. He won’t stop until he has you and makes you his.”
“You mean kills me and eats me?”
“Probably,” Gwen said matter-of-factly. “But that’s only if you can’t survive being bred.”
Crystal’s jaw fell open.
Gwen nodded. “He’s not like us.”
“What’s he like then?”
Gwen smiled. “A beast. Cunning, strong, and deadly, but not like us. He can’t shift, like we can.”
“Shift? You mean, um, like what Ember did?”
“Yes.”
“So wait, you mean that thing under the bridge—the Beast—it’s always like that?”
“Yes.”
“What about all this talk about being poisoned?”
She nodded. “It will weaken you after a while, make you easier to find. That way he can find you and—”
“And breed me?” Crystal whispered.
Gwen nodded. “Unless you’re too weak. Then he’ll just kill you.”
“So I’m screwed any way you look at it.”
Gwen winced.
Crystal frowned and realized her choice of words. She groaned. “That’s not what I meant, but I guess it’s true.”
“Yes,” Gwen agreed.
“But you said I could fight it?”
“We have to kill him,” Gwen said. “Then he’ll stop hunting you. We hurt him the other night but he’ll be recovered soon, if not already.”
“Won’t I still be poisoned?”
“Yes, but we’ll try to help you beat the poison. It’s been done before.”
“Oh, cool. Um, okay. What do I have to do?”
“Spend as much time with us as you can. You’ll need our strength and knowledge and protection.”
“What about school? And my mom? And thanks, but as cool as Hank is, I’m not going to just start staying here with him.”
Gwen sighed. “Ember will stay with you then.”
“What?” Crystal said while shaking her head. Maybe the trailer wouldn’t be so bad. She could almost stretch out on the loveseat…
“She won’t be happy about it either,” Gwen agreed. “Would you like to reconsider?”
Crystal groaned. “No. but how’s she going to go to school with me? And my mom’s not going to be happy having some strange girl hanging out. Especially one who dresses like she does!”
“You’ll have to figure it out,” Gwen said. “Or we can just leave you to—”
“No!” Crystal blurted. “I’ll, um, I’ll figure something out. Jesus, this is messed up!”
Gwen smiled and stood up. “You should come out with me. You need to be there when I tell the others.”
“I thought Guntar was the leader?”
“He is,” Gwen said with a twinkle in her eyes.
“Is he going to agree to all of this?”
“Yes,” she said. “I’m his mate.”
“Oh,” Crystal said, even though she didn’t understand. “Um, what if he doesn’t want to do it that way?”
“I’m his mate,” she repeated. “He’ll do what I tell him. Haven’t you ever had a boy wrapped around your finger before?”
Crystal winced. She remembered how Hank had deferred to her when she asked him to leave. She suspected there was more to it, but Gwen was already opening the door. She took a breath to steady herself and stood up to follow her.
She hoped Ember had changed back and put her clothes on, at least.




Chapter 9

Crystal opened the front door and saw her mom sitting at her desk, working on some paperwork. “Hey, Mom, um, I’ve got kind of a big favor to ask.”
Brandy Davis looked up from her stack of bills and smiled. “What’s wrong? Is—oh, hello. I’m Crystal’s mom. Please, call me Brandy.”
Crystal turned and saw Ember smile. “Brandy? Hi. I’m Ember.”
“Amber?”
“Ember,” the redhead said with a touch of edge to her voice.
“Oh, I’m sorry. That’s an unusual name. Very pretty though,” Crystal’s mom added.
“So, anyhow, uh, Ember is the problem,” Crystal interrupted. She ignored the almost silent growl from the redhead and continued. “She moved into town recently and her dad had to fly back out West to take care of some things. Since it’s a new town and school, I wondered if she could stay with us?”
Brandy frowned. “I didn’t know you had a new friend.”
“Mom, it’s not like we see each other all that much!”
Brandy nodded. “I know, and I’m sorry. We’re short-handed at the hospital and I figured the more shifts I can pick up, the easier it will be to help you pay for college.”
“I said I’d figure—”
Ember pushed past Crystal, interrupting her. “I’m sorry to bother you, Brandy. I promise you won’t even know I’m here.”
Crystal had to fight to keep herself from scowling. “Yeah, she’ll even sleep on the rug in my room if she needs to.”
She saw Ember’s shoulders stiffen and knew she’d struck home. Her mother sighed and nodded. “No, no, that’s fine. She’s not a dog! If I’m working, you can sleep in my bed and Ember can have yours.”
Crystal fought back a laugh and asked, “What if you’re not?”
Brandy winked at her and nodded towards the couch. “Then you can be a good hostess and take the couch.”
Ember turned to look at Crystal and smirked. “I think I’m going to like it here,” she said.
Crystal forced a smile on her face. “Come on, Amber, let’s go.”
She led the way upstairs to her bedroom and heard Ember following behind. Ember looked around and smirked. “Pink?”
“What’s wrong with pink?”
“Nothing,” Ember said. “It’s the same color as a deer after I’ve torn out their throat and they’ve bled out.”
“Jesus!” Crystal gasped. “That’s sick!”
Ember shut the door behind her. “Call me Amber again and I’ll tear your face off. Then you can match your walls.”
Crystal backed up a step and felt her bed against her leg. She sat on it and pulled her phone out of her purse so she could plug it in. It was nothing more than an excuse to not look at the woman who scared the hell out of her.
“Don’t worry,” Ember said. “It won’t take long.”
Crystal jerked her head up. “What won’t take long?”
Ember smiled. “He’ll come soon. He’s probably already healed.”
“You’re supposed to protect me, I thought?” Crystal asked. “So far you’ve threatened to rip my face off and reminded me there’s some creepy monster after me.”
“The real world isn’t princesses and slippers,” Ember said.
Crystal clamped her lips shut and fumbled with her phone, finally plugging it in. “I know that,” she mumbled. “My life hasn’t been easy, you know.”
Ember laughed. “I bet you’ve been through hell.”
Crystal spun to face her and stood up. By the time she was standing, Ember was right in front of her. Crystal hesitated and then remembered how Ember was taunting her. “Before or after I was almost run off the road by a biker gang so I could be bitten by something from a bad horror movie?”
“You don’t know anything,” Ember snarled. “You’re a baby. Your fate was sealed when you walked down that road. We prolonged your life, that’s all.”
“I’m a baby?” Crystal scoffed. “You’re what, six months older than me?”
The redhead snorted. “Six months and a dozen years.”
Crystal’s jaw dropped again. When she gathered her thoughts, she said, “No way! You’re not—”
Ember sighed and said, “Sit down.”
“No.”
Crystal grunted when her back and head bounced off the wall behind her. She rocked forward and caught herself with her arms on her bed. She straightened and sat on her comforter. “You hit me!”
“I don’t like you,” Ember spat. “But I have to keep your worthless ass alive, so you do what I tell you, when I tell you.”
Crystal opened her mouth but Ember thrust a finger at her. A finger with a nail that looked a little longer and a little more curved and pointed than it should have.
“You don’t ask questions. You act and then later, if you’re still alive, you can try to figure out what’s going on,” Ember explained. “Now, why I’m older than you but I look better? I changed when I was sixteen.”
“Changed?”
Ember fixed her with a stare and then clamped her teeth together. Crystal winced. “We age, but not as fast. It’s a fountain of youth. We’re stronger, faster, heal quicker, can see and smell better, and pretty much can run circles around any norm in the world.”
“Norm?” Crystal asked. “What’s that?”
“Normal person.”
“Oh. So, uh, that sounds pretty good. But you live in dingy trailers. Are you guys like gypsies or something?”
“We have to,” Ember said. She turned and looked around the room and focused on a lava lamp. She reached over and turned it on and watched it as a red light radiated from the liquid while it warmed up. She turned to look at Crystal and finished her explanation. “We’re monsters.”
“Monsters? You make it sound like a gift.”
“You can return a gift,” Ember said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Ember shrugged. “You don’t need to worry about it.”
“I don’t? Seems like I’ve got a lot to worry about, if what you and your friends tell me is true!”
“Of course it’s true.”
“How do I know? Maybe you’re just trying to scare me.”
Ember glowered at her. “Yeah, because scaring kids is our thing. We get off on it.” Ember shook her head and narrowed her eyes into slits. “Do I need to shift again to remind you how real this is?”
Crystal leaned back until she touched the wall. She shook her head and forced her heart out of her throat. “No,” she squeaked. She winced and forced herself to prove she wasn’t as scared as she really was. “Then I’d have to explain to my mom why a dog shed all over the floor.”
Ember’s fists clenched at her sides and trembled. In a menacing tone, she growled, “You’ve got balls, but you’re stupid. I’m the only person between you and a fate worse than death. You should show me some respect.”
Crystal swallowed and nodded. “You’re right, I’m sorry. I’m just not much of an ass-kisser, I gue—”
“Nobody’s saying kiss my ass. Just don’t be so catty. You know what wolves do to cats, right?” Ember asked with a glint in her eyes. “And if you even think about turning the ass-kissing line into a joke about me licking myself, I swear to whatever god you worship that you’ll need to be more afraid of me than you do what’s waiting for you out there.”
Crystal grimaced. “Heard that joke before?”
“I’ve heard them all.”
She nodded. “Okay, um—”
A knock at Crystal’s door interrupted her. Her mom stuck her head in and smiled. The smile faded when she saw how Ember was standing. “Is there something wrong, girls?”
Ember relaxed while Crystal shook her head. “No, just a misunderstanding. We’re cool now.”
Brandy tilted her head. She saw the smiles on both girls’ faces and pursed her lips together. “Okay, well, if there is, I don’t want any trouble in here, okay? And speaking of trouble, I didn’t realize the motorcycle I heard was yours, Ember.”
Ember turned to face her. “Oh, sorry. Is that a problem?”
Brandy frowned and looked at Crystal. “You rode on it with her?”
“Kind of had to get home somehow.”
She shook her head. “I’ve seen a lot of people hurt on motorcycles.”
Ember stiffened and then relaxed. “Brandy, I’m a good driver. Very defensive—it’s almost always the people in cars that cause accidents, so I know what to look for. I’ve been riding my whole life and never laid my bike down once.”
“There’s always a first,” Brandy said. “I didn’t see any helmets on it.”
“No helmet law here,” Ember said.
“You’re both under twenty-one,” Brandy said. “So there is a helmet law.”
Ember opened her mouth but Crystal hurried to keep her cover. “Oh, I didn’t know that. I’m sorry. Uh, I’ve got my bicycle helmet. Will that work?”
Brandy snorted and then twisted her head. “I don’t know. I don’t think so, but maybe. It’s definitely not good enough in my opinion. If you’re going to ride it, you need real helmets. Both of you.”
“I don’t see how you can make me do that,” Ember grumbled.
“You’re staying at my house? My rules,” she said. She shrugged her shoulders. “Sorry, but you’re a very pretty young girl, and I don’t want to see you in the hospital.”
“You won’t.”
Crystal got up from the bed and nodded. “Don’t worry, I’ll get Beth to give us a ride in the morning and we’ll get helmets before we ride again. Right, Ember?”
“What?” Ember frowned and stared at Crystal a long moment before she sighed. “All right.”
“Great,” Brandy said. “And it’s getting late. Crissy, I put some blankets downstairs on the couch for you.”
Ember bit off a short laugh, earning a glare from Crystal.
“I’m going to bed. I’ve got to be in early tomorrow. Good night, girls.”
“Night, Mom,” Crystal said and waited for the door to shut. She turned to a grinning Ember and said, “You do not get to call me Crissy. Ever!”




Chapter 10

“You look nice today. Want any breakfast?” Crystal asked the next morning when Ember came down the stairs, wearing her trademark black skirt with a tight-fitting white top. It took Crystal a moment to recognize it as one of her tops from two years ago.
Ember’s eyes narrowed and she stopped to sniff and glanced around. “Your mom gone already?”
“Yeah, she had to be in by six. She’s working a double so she won’t be home until tomorrow morning.”
“Good.”
Crystal frowned. “Look, I’m sorry about last night, I’m just—what’s wrong with my mom? Are you still pissed about the helmet thing?”
“Irritated,” Ember admitted, “but that’s not it. You’re ready for him and he’ll know it. He’ll come tonight.”
“What are you talking about?”
She sniffed again. “His poison sped up your cycle. You’re ready for him.”
“My cycle? What, you mean my period?”
Ember nodded.
Crystal’s eyes rounded. “Oh my God,” she muttered before rushing upstairs to the bathroom. She dropped her clothing and sat down on the stool. A quick wipe later and she stared at the stained paper. “What the hell?” she mumbled before fumbling through the cupboard under the sink beside her.
Crystal walked downstairs a few moments later with her face flushed. “I just finished a week ago!”
Ember looked up from the jar of peanut butter and jerked the spoon out of her mouth. She tried to talk but the sticky paste made her mumble her words.
“Wait a minute,” Crystal said when she saw the jar that Ember sat on the counter and pushed behind her. She laughed, her embarrassment forgotten. “Peanut butter?”
“So I like peanut butter—what’s your problem?” Ember said while licking her lips.
Crystal couldn’t contain herself. “Oh, nothing.” She giggled. “I think there are some videos on the Internet, that’s all.”
Ember snarled. “That’s enough,” she growled. “Did you use a pad or a tampon?”
Crystal’s humor faded at the question. “Um, kinda personal!”
“Kind of important,” Ember said. “A pad won’t hide the smell as much.”
“Gross! I don’t smell! And what gives? I just finished my period last week.”
“It’s not a period,” the redhead said. “It’s you coming into season.”
“Coming into—”
“You’re in heat.”
Crystal’s jaw fell open.
Ember smiled and turned to lick the last of the peanut butter off the spoon before tossing it in the sink. “I’m good, but I didn’t notice you until you came downstairs. He’ll be able to smell you from a mile away, more if he’s downwind.”
“I’m—in heat?” she repeated. “Like a dog?”
Ember chuckled. “He’s not like any dog you’ve ever met.”
“A wolf?”
Ember shook her head.
“What then?”
“A beast.”
Crystal heard herself whimper. “This is so messed up. I don’t—I mean—how long will this last? What does it mean?”
“It’ll last until he breeds you or you die.”
Crystal gasped.
Ember pressed on. “Then again, I suppose anybody could breed you. Know any cute guys?”
“Oh my God!”
A car horn honked, drawing Ember’s attention. Crystal turned and stared at the door a moment until she realized her friend must be waiting. “Oh! Beth’s here.”
Ember sighed. “Great. You ride with her. I’ll drive.”
“No.” Crystal shook her head. “We told my mom we’d go together. She’ll be pissed if you don’t.”
“Got news for you, Princess,” Ember said. “I don’t care.”
Crystal balked and then lifted her head up. “Please, Ember. I need you.”
Ember’s eyes narrowed. She sniffed again and sighed. “Fine. But just so you know, you’re acting nice now because you’re in heat.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You’re going to be extra friendly and nicer than usual. Horny too. If you don’t want to spread your legs around the first guy you see that you like, you’d better keep your friends close.”
“What? No way! You make it sound like I’m turning into a slut!”
Ember shrugged. “The Beast’s bite will do that. Why else do you think you’d be willing to screw a giant hairy beast?”
“No way. Now effing way!”
“Effing?”
Crystal blushed and turned as Beth honked again. “Come on, she’s going to be pissed.”
Ember shook her head. “You always worry about everybody being pissed off at you?”
“What? No—”
“So it’s just your hormones then?” Ember asked as she pushed past Crystal and walked out the front door of the house.
Crystal stared after her surly protector, jaw hanging open at the woman’s words. Was she always worrying about upsetting other people? She tried to be nice and thoughtful, but look where that got her—made fun of and ridiculed. Crystal closed her mouth and snorted before grabbing her purse and book bag and following Ember out the door.
Beth met her in front of her car, a five-year-old Ford Fusion her mom had passed down to her. She surprised Crystal by stepping in front of her and wrapping her arms around her before Crystal could react.
Crystal grunted and then inhaled. The scent of Beth’s fruity shampoo and the lavender scent of her soap filled her nose and made her relax into her friend’s embrace. Beth stiffened for a moment and then held her tighter. Ember cleared her throat, breaking Crystal out of the fog of comfort she’d let herself fall into.
“Isn’t that sweet?” Ember asked.
“What? No, she’s my friend,” Beth stammered. She spun to face her and looked her up and down, pressing her lips together to show she disapproved of Ember’s clothes. “Isn’t that your shirt?”
“Beth, this is Ember,” Crystal said. She emphasized the beginning of Ember’s name to stop her friend from making the same mistake her mom had. “And yes, it’s my shirt. Ember didn’t have any spare clothes.”
“Okay, hi Ember. Now what the hell is she doing with you?”
Crystal’s eyes widened and Ember laughed. “Whoa,” Crystal managed. “She’s, um, a friend of Hank’s.”
“Hank? Is that the giant on the bike?”
Crystal cringed and nodded. “Yes. Sorry about that. I had to get out of there. He gave me a ride the other night.”
Ember snorted.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Beth demanded.
Crystal glared at Ember. “On his motorcycle! After that party.”
“That’s how you got home?”
“Yes.”
Beth pressed her lips together and nodded. She turned to Ember. “So what’s with you?”
Ember chuckled. “I like you.”
“What?” Crystal blurted.
“She’s feisty and has good instincts. Very protective,” Ember said.
Beth’s eyes widened and she glanced at Crystal a moment before looking away. “Crystal’s my best friend.”
“Uh huh,” Ember said. She turned and walked the final steps to the rear door of the car.
Beth turned to Crystal, her confusion obvious on her face.
“I told you when I called last night I’d explain everything this morning.”
“So start talking.”
Crystal sighed. “I don’t know if I can. Not this morning. There’s too much. Tonight? After school.”
Beth folded her arms and glared at Crystal. “I am not happy about this.”
Crystal dropped her eyes and had to fight against the thickness in her throat. “I’m sorry. I’ll tell you everything I can, I promise. I just don’t know where to start.”
After a long moment of silence between them, Beth broke down and pleaded, “What the hell is going on?”
Crystal shook her head. “You’re not going to believe me.”
“Are you in trouble?”
Crystal nodded.
Beth let out a squeal and stepped up to her. “What’s going on?” she hissed with a glance to the car where Ember was sitting with the door open. “Is it her?”
“She’s, um, kind of my bodyguard.”
“Bodyguard?”
Crystal nodded.
“Crys, she’s half your size!”
“Great, remind me that I’m a cow.”
“That’s not what I meant! Jesus!” Beth protested. She stepped back and narrowed her eyes. “In fact, you’re looking better than ever.”
Crystal blushed and glanced down at herself. Her clothes were fitting looser. She glanced back up and smiled. “Thanks, and I know what you meant. Trust me about Ember. There’s a lot more to her than you think.”
Beth stared at Ember and earned a wave from the redheaded woman in her car. She spun back around, her cheeks rivalling Ember’s hair for color. “This better be one hell of a story.”
“Oh, it is,” Crystal promised. “But later. We’re going to be late.”
Beth clamped her jaw shut and turned away. She walked to the driver’s side of her car and waited for Crystal to get in before starting her car. She turned and looked at Crystal, and then jerked her head back. “This better be good,” she muttered before putting the Ford in reverse and backing out of the driveway.




Chapter 11

“So what gives?” Beth demanded after they walked into the school. “And why is she just waiting outside?”
“She’s not a student,” Crystal explained.
“No shit! I’ve never seen her before. Who is she? And who’s the beefcake from last night?”
Crystal laughed in spite of herself. “She can’t come in the school, so she’s going to keep an eye on things outside.”
“What the hell?”
Crystal sighed. She glanced around and then walked up to the lockers lining the hallway and leaned against it. She slipped her sneaker off and pulled her sock down to show her friend.
“When did that happen? I’ve never seen that before,” Beth said.
“Friday night, after the party.”
Beth looked at the barely pink scar and then back up at Crystal. “Bullshit. That’s old!”
Crystal shook her head. “Beth, remember my black eye? My cheek was cut open and so was my knee.”
Beth stared at her and shook her head slowly without saying anything.
“Something grabbed me and bit my foot. Ember and Hank and their friends stopped and saved me. If they hadn’t been there, it would have gotten me.”
“It? Something? What are you talking about? Do you know how crazy this sounds?”
“Do you know how crazy I feel?”
“This isn’t possible!”
Crystal nodded. She couldn’t speak; her throat was locked up and her vision was blurring. She blinked and tilted her head back, staring up to try to keep from spilling tears.
“Oh Crys, I’m sorry.” Beth groaned. “Please, I didn’t mean to upset you. I believe you. It just—it’s hard to imagine.”
Crystal forced a deep breath in and out and risked lowering her head. “You believe me?”
Beth bit her lip and nodded. “How can I help?”
Crystal let loose a nervous laugh. She pulled her sock back up and wiggled her foot back into her shoe. “I have no idea! Guntar said—”
“Guntar?”
“Sorry. Guntar’s their leader. The bikers, I mean,” Crystal explained. “Anyhow, he said that the Beast tasted my blood and he poisoned me. He won’t stop until he has me.”
“Has you? Christ! Then what’s he going to do?”
“You don’t want to know!”
Beth frowned. “Um, okay.”
“Hey!”
“Shit,” both girls groaned in unison. They turned and saw Stephanie walking towards them and a group of her cliquey friends watching from farther down the hall.
“Hey guys, what’s going on?”
“Since when do you care?” Beth snipped at her.
Stephanie’s smile faltered but she put it back on. “Since awhile now. Look, I said I was sorry. Crys, where’d you meet that guy at? He was hot! And that motorcycle—oh my God!”
Beth harrumphed and started to step forward between Crystal and the self-proclaimed queen of high school. Crystal put her hand on her arm and stopped her. “He’s my boyfriend,” Crystal said.
Stephanie laughed and then stopped after she saw no one was laughing with her. “You’re serious?”
“His name’s Hank,” Crystal said. “And yes, I’m serious.”
Stephanie stared at her for a long moment before she recovered and said, “Um, that’s cool. You’ll have to introduce me sometime.”
“Yeah, sure, sometime,” Crystal said.
“Cool,” the blond said. “I better get to class. I’ll catch you later?”
“Whatever,” Crystal said.
Stephanie smiled and turned. She walked, her hips swaying with sex appeal.
“Why aren’t you telling her to go fuck herself?” Beth asked.
Crystal shrugged. “I’ve got some freaky creature from a nightmare hunting me down—I don’t need to worry about school drama too.”
Beth snorted. “The boyfriend bit was nice—wait a minute! Holy shit, were you serious?”
Crystal blushed and shook her head. “No.”
Beth’s shoulders relaxed and she smiled.
“Unless he wants to be,” Crystal added.
Beth’s smile vanished. “What? You just met him!”
Crystal shrugged. “He’s dreamy.”
“You said that about Thor.”
“Everybody said that. Besides, Hank makes Thor look like a Girl Scout. All he needs to do is braid his hair into pigtails.”
Beth laughed. “You did not just say that!”
Crystal shrugged. “You saw him—he’s huge!”
“But is he big strong, or just big?”
Crystal thought back to when Hank had carried her like a porcelain doll and smiled. “He’s strong.”
Beth’s eyes rounded. “This is too much.”
Crystal laughed. “It is, but thanks for making me feel normal again. At least for a little while.”
The bell rung, startling both girls. Crystal glanced down the hallway and saw it was empty save for them. “Shit, we’re late!”
Beth glanced up and down the hallway and then threw her arms around Crystal. She hugged her again and whispered, “I’m with you, crazy or not.”
Crystal blinked the blurriness out of her eyes and hugged her friend back. She inhaled Beth’s smell again and leaned forward into her when Beth let go and stepped back.
“Whoa, are you okay?” Beth asked when Crystal stumbled forward and almost fell into her.
Crystal blushed. “No. Yes. I mean—I don’t know. Ember told me this would happen.”
“What, you’d get clumsy?”
“No,” Crystal said. She blushed again. Best friend or not, there was no way she could tell Beth that she was in heat. Beth was a girl! She was a girl! And she liked Hank. She hoped Hank liked her. Being a mom at eighteen was crazy—she’d seen the horrible shows on MTV—but if it saved her life, it would be worth it. “Just, um, affectionate.”
Beth jerked her head back and blinked. A smile spread across her face and she nodded. She glanced back and forth and took a step closer to Crystal and leaned in close as though she was going to whisper something to her. She turned her head and pressed her lips to Crystal’s cheek. “It’s okay, I don’t mind,” Beth whispered.
Crystal’s eyes rounded as her blushing friend smiled at her and hurried down the hall to her class. Beth made it halfway down the hall before the fog cleared in Crystal’s mind and she realized she had to get to class. She groaned and started running down the hall.




Chapter 12

Crystal met up with Beth at the school doors and rolled her eyes when Beth grinned at her. They pushed through the doors and took a few steps before Beth burst out, “So now what?”
Ember slipped in on Crystal’s other side from the shadows beside the door. “Now you take us to Crystal’s place and you go home.”
Crystal gasped at her sudden appearance. She forced her heart back into her chest and tried to glare at her. “Don’t do that! You scared me half to death!”
“You bang anybody at school?”
“What? No!”
Beth laughed. “Whenever I saw you, there were guys checking you out.”
“No there wasn’t!”
Ember smirked. “Boys don’t have a clue. Their instincts can tell, but they’ve learned to ignore them.”
“Ignore their instincts? I don’t think so,” Crystal argued. “We all have those!”
Ember shook her head. “Humans have lost touch. A baby who’s hungry will lie on the floor and cry until someone feeds it. An animal? It will crawl, walk, or do whatever it can to try and find something to eat. Pathetic.”
“Um, hello, we’re humans too,” Beth pointed out.
Ember smirked. Crystal was afraid she’d say more so she clapped her hands and said, “So, I told Beth about Friday night. The thing at the bridge. And, uh, that you guys think it’s still after me.”
Ember scowled. “You shouldn’t have told her.”
“Why not?”
“She’s already got your stink all over her. You should go home and take a long shower. Lots of soap. Then stay inside. With any luck, he won’t smell you.”
“That’s creepy,” Beth argued. “Why? And how could he smell me? I don’t smell like her.”
Ember stepped in front of them and turned to face them. Both girls had to stop to avoid running her over. The redhead leaned towards Beth and inhaled through her nose. She sneered and licked her lips. “What have you two been doing?”
“What?” Beth protested.
“She hugged me earlier,” Crystal said. “Friends do that.”
“Uh huh.” Ember didn’t sound convinced. “Well, knock it off. You’re marking her every time you do that.”
“Marking her?”
Ember nodded.
“Isn’t she marking me too?”
Ember sniffed her. “You’re the dominant,” she grunted. “Huh, I didn’t expect that.”
“The dominant?”
Beth gasped and whispered, “That’s kind of kinky.”
“Oh my God!”
“Not that kind of dominant,” Ember said. Her eyes raked up and down Beth and she shrugged. “Well, not usually.”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?” Beth asked.
A rumble in the distance ripped Crystal’s attention to the parking lot. She saw Ember shaking her head and then noticed Beth looking back and forth. Beth gasped a moment later and whispered, “Motorcycle!”
Crystal couldn’t stop herself from grinning.
“You knew,” Beth accused. “You did that last time too! How did you know?”
“I heard it,” Crystal said.
“You have to know what to listen for,” Ember offered. She glared at Crystal for a long moment and then turned as Hank rumbled into view on his cruiser.
“What is that, anyhow? A Harley?”
“Indian,” Ember said.
Beth frowned. “Native American or do you mean India?”
Crystal nearly stumbled from the strange comment her friend made. “What?”
“Indian is a brand of motorcycle,” Ember said.
“It is? Oh!”
“Oh my God.” Crystal resisted the urge to facepalm herself for Beth’s mistake and shook her head. “You are such an indoor girl.”
Beth shrugged and kept her mouth shut.
“Ember, Crystal,” Hank greeted as he climbed off his bike and stood to face them.
“Jesus, he’s a tank,” Beth mumbled.
Ember grunted and nodded while Crystal grinned and barely resisted the urge to skip and jog ahead to meet him. She still walked fast enough that she almost didn’t slow down in time to meet him. Hank smiled when Crystal’s eyes widened and she stumbled with the effort to slow herself down.
Hank reached out and caught her shoulders before she could fall. He chuckled. “Well, hi there.”
“I’m such a klutz!” Crystal groaned.
He shrugged. “I don’t mind.”
Ember smacked him in the arm as she walked up next. “What’s the word?”
“He hasn’t been back to the bridge,” Hank said with his rumbling voice.
Crystal picked up a touch of an accent. Tennessee, maybe?
“We couldn’t track him or find him. He healed before he came out of the river. No blood to follow.”
“I should have been there,” Ember mumbled. “I could have found his scent again.”
“Found his scent?” Beth asked as she joined them. “What are you talking about?”
“Ember was the one who knew the Beast was there when we rode past Crystal,” Hank explained.
“Hank, shut it!” Ember hissed. “She doesn’t know.”
“I know about Crystal getting hurt,” Beth protested. Once all eyes were on her, she held out her arms and said, “What? She told me!”
“What did you tell her?” Hank asked.
Crystal felt herself withering under his bright-eyed gaze. “I told her about the thing that bit me and how it was making me sick. And that it was hunting me.”
Hank nodded. He glanced at Ember. “Soon.”
Ember laughed. “Better be.”
Crystal scowled. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Ember glanced down between the two of them and nodded. “Two of you are getting awfully close and it looks like somebody’s getting happy to see you.”
“Ember!” Hank growled.
Crystal glanced down in spite of the sudden heat in her cheeks and saw the bulge in his pants. She gasped and felt her knees tremble. “Uh—”
“Crys! Wait up!” Stephanie’s voice broke over her like a tidal wave of freezing water.
Crystal jerked herself around, twisting and ending up brushing her arm against Hank’s chest. He caught her and held her still so she didn’t trip. Crystal felt the quiet strength in his grip and hoped the moan she heard was only in her head. Ember was right: if she wasn’t careful, she was going to jump his bones the first chance she got!
“You said you’d introduce me to your boyfriend,” Stephanie said as she closed the distance on her long legs.
“Boyfriend?” Hank whispered in her ear.
Crystal shivered. “It kind of slipped,” she mumbled.
“So?” Stephanie said as she slowed. She looked up at him and extended her hand. “Hi, I’m Stephanie.”
Crystal jerked and turned to look at Hank. He had his head tilted a little as he looked down at her. “Stephanie, this is Hank.”
Hank took his hand off Crystal’s shoulder and extended his arm to her. Crystal’s stomach tightened and her teeth felt like they would crack under pressure any second as Hank shook her hand.
“Oh my, you really are big,” Stephanie said with a smile.
“We were just leaving,” Crystal said. “We can catch up later.”
“Oh? That’s too bad,” Stephanie said. She smiled at Hank and nodded. “Later then. I’m holding you to that!”
Crystal grabbed Hank and turned him around. “Let’s go,” she muttered.
“What was that all about?” he asked.
“Long story. She’s the reason I cry myself to sleep at night.”
“You what?”
Crystal sighed. “Never mind. I’m kidding. About the crying, at least. Do you want to come to my place?”
“Everybody’s already there,” Hank said.
“What? My mom—oh, she’s working a double. Wait! How’d they get in my house?”
“They’re not in your house,” Ember said. “Camped outside. Probably on the back deck.”
“Oh, okay. So the neighbors will see them. Great.”
“If you’d prefer, we could leave you to face this on your own?” Ember asked.
Crystal clamped her lips shut and glanced at the ground. “You’re right,” she mumbled before looking back up. “Sorry, I wasn’t thinking.”
“Crys,” Beth said. “Can I stay with you, please?”
Crystal looked at Ember and Hank and saw both of them shake their heads. She sighed.
“It’s not safe,” Hank said. “This is dangerous and if we have to protect you too, it will spread us too thin.”
“How can anything be dangerous with you around?” Crystal asked him.
Hank chuckled while Ember made a gagging noise.
Beth pouted as they got to her car. “All right, let’s go. But you call me if anything happens and you’d better respond to my texts!”
Crystal looked at Hank and said, “I will, unless, I’m, uh, busy.”
Ember slammed the back door of the car as she climbed in, jarring Crystal out of her pleasant thoughts. She glanced at Beth and saw her friend roll her eyes. She climbed into her car and left her standing on the passenger side with Hank beside her.
“Sorry about the boyfriend thing,” Crystal mumbled into his leather-covered chest.
He chuckled. “Anything that helps you find the strength to fight through this. I don’t mind.”
Crystal smiled and glanced away from him so his blue eyes wouldn’t pierce through her heart again. She saw Stephanie standing near the school with a crowd of her friends. They were gossiping, probably about her, but Stephanie was staring straight at Crystal.
“Oh damn, why won’t she leave me alone?” Crystal groaned.
“Trust me,” Hank whispered before he spun her around and pressed his lips to hers.
Crystal’s mind exploded. She felt the sensation of his lips, firm but soft, crushing hers. The whiskers on his face scraped at her skin but it felt so raw and powerful. She could smell the leather mixing with the odor that was pure Hank. It filled her and made her moan into his mouth. Without realizing it, she parted her lips and felt his tongue against hers. He invaded her, filling her with his essence.
“That should take care of her,” he whispered.
Crystal blinked and blindly reached out to grab the car door. Her knees were weak and she wanted nothing more than to rip Hank’s clothes off and throw herself on him. “Oh. My. God,” she breathed.
Hank grinned and winked at her, and then turned and walked to his bike.
“You’re such a slut. Get in,” Beth chided her.
Crystal hesitated as she stared after her dream man. Her mom was gone until six a.m. tomorrow. “Go ahead. I’m going to catch a ride with Hank.”
“Oh hell no,” Beth groaned.
Ember threw her door open and stepped out. “Crissy, what are you doing?”
Crystal grinned. “I’m just catching a ride home.”
“Did you hear me, Crissy?”
Crystal turned slowly and blinked. She called her Crissy. Twice. She smiled at her assigned protector and said, “Yes, I heard you.”
Ember sniffed and leaned to look past her. “Hank!”
The large man stopped and turned around. He had a grin on his face. “What’s up, Red?”
Ember scowled. “He won’t come until it gets dark. Go ahead and give Princess a ride home. Follow us and don’t stop anywhere, got it?”
“Why would I stop?” he asked, feigning innocence.
“You know damn well why,” she growled. “Keep it in your pants, Tiny.”
Beth groaned from inside the car.
Crystal blushed and looked away. “I’ll see you there.” She hurried after Hank and then turned to glance back when Beth chirped the tires on her car and raced out of her parking spot. Crystal grinned and couldn’t wait to wrap her arms and legs around Hank.
The only questions she had: how would she manage to get him alone and why had Ember called him Tiny?




Chapter 13

True to her fantasies, Crystal rested her head against Hank’s back and breathed him in while she pressed on his hips with her legs and kept her hands locked on his stomach. She felt each breath he took and daydreamed about making him breathe hard while he was on top of her.
Hank shifted and caused the powerful engine to send vibrations through the seat that made her tingle. She smiled and thought about the nature of Ember, Hank, and the others. Maybe having Hank on top of her wasn’t the best option. Maybe he’d like to be behind her. Reaching around and leaning forward to sink his fingers into her—
“You doing okay?” he asked over his shoulder, jerking her out of her vivid fantasy.
Crystal jerked her head up, glad he couldn’t see her blushing. “Yeah, why?”
He lifted his massive shoulders in a shrug. “Making sure. From what I’ve heard, it’s not often somebody gets away from one of these things.”
Crystal stiffened against him. “You mean there’s more than one?”
He nodded. “Yeah, not a lot, but whenever we run across one, we try to take ’em out.”
“Why? I mean, if they’re so dangerous, why risk it?”
“Just something we do,” Hank said.
Crystal fell silent and found her mind wandering. The air chilled her enough that she was pressing her chest against his back. Her bra was pinching her and she itched underneath it. She almost giggled at the thought that her nipples were the part she wanted to scratch the most. They were aching as they pressed into the bra’s cups.
“Your friend’s going to get herself pulled over if she keeps driving like that.”
Crystal looked around his shoulder and saw Beth’s Ford racing ahead of them as they pulled out of the busy downtown area. “She’s upset,” Crystal said. “Worried about me.”
“She’s a good friend.”
Crystal nodded and realized he couldn’t see her and definitely couldn’t hear that. “She is. My best friend. Tell me something about you? How’d you get so big?” She bit her lip to keep from asking if he was big all over.
“I was always big,” he said. “Joined the wrestling team and played football in junior high and spent a lot of time in the gym.”
“Cool. What about Ember and the others?”
“What about them?”
Crystal raised an eyebrow. His quick response made her hesitate. Was she asking too much? “Nothing, I guess. Ember’s cool, just kind of bitchy.”
Hank chuckled. “Yeah, she can be.”
“Can be?” Crystal asked. “She hasn’t given me a break yet.”
“All right, she is,” he admitted. He twisted his head to say something and stopped. He jerked his head back as a dark blur shot out from between the bushes on the side of the road.
Crystal turned to look and then screamed as Hank twisted the throttle and made the tire squeal as it slipped against the pavement. It lurched forward and rocked her back. She held on to Hank’s belly and squeezed his hips between her thighs as the bike tilted and twisted. She hit the ground and rolled and slid across the pavement.
She stared at the bike and saw the rear fender had gashes and twisted metal, exposing a shredded tire on a bent rim. It spun unevenly a few times and then the entire motorcycle jerked on its side as the engine died. Crystal rolled, crying out at the pain that shot through her body. A dark shape leapt across her vision, passing from left to right. She tried to follow it but the world was still spinning around her.
When she lifted her head up again, she saw a huge shape pick itself up and turn towards her. She blinked, trying to clear the blood from her eyes. Was it Hank? She couldn’t make out the details. Was it the blood in her eyes that made it so blurry?
She shook her head and whimpered at the pain in her neck and back. Her eyes fell on the shape of something on the ground behind it. Something furry and large. No, not large—massive. Was it a bear? She turned and looked up as a fur-covered hand passed in front of her face. Thick dark nails stood out and then disappeared and grabbed her hair.
Crystal screamed as she was picked up by her hair. The Beast’s other hand wrapped around her waist and tucked her against his side. He turned and took off, running off the road and between the houses. She caught a glimpse as it ran of a leather jacket and the shredded remains of Hank’s jeans and shirt on the ground.
She screamed again and received a stunning slap to the back of her head. She bit her tongue and fought to keep herself from throwing up from each jarring step the Beast took.




Chapter 14

Crystal hit the ground and cried out. Unlike the pavement, the spongy ground she hit had grass on it. She rolled over in time to see a dog go flying and hit the ground rolling. It leapt to its feet and snarled before charging at the Beast standing a few feet from Crystal.
The dog wasn’t a dog, a voice in the back of her head reminded her. It was a charcoal and red wolf—Ember.
Ember leapt at the Beast but he smacked her aside with one massive arm. Ember’s breath blasted from her lungs in a yelp even before she hit the ground and rolled end over end. She struggled to rise and fell back down when she put her weight on one of her legs.
“Wait!” Crystal whimpered as the Beast grabbed her by the shirt and lifted her up. The material ripped and tore, releasing her from his grasp. He caught her before she hit the ground and tucked her under his arm again.
Her struggles made him tighten his grip on her and threatened to crush her chest. She gasped and relaxed, forcing herself to focus on breathing. She could see behind her and saw Ember struggling again to pick herself up. She limped and tried to come after her. Crystal wanted to reach out for her but she knew it would only get her beaten again. Or worse.
Ember would keep coming. Hank was already down. Probably dead, she hated to admit. Between the motorcycle wreck and the Beast, he hadn’t moved. The same thing would happen to Ember if she kept coming. She wanted to scream for her to stop. To go back. To do anything. She felt the Beast’s strength. She knew how hard he was. She could tell they couldn’t stop him. She was screwed, figuratively and soon literally. Nobody else had to get hurt.
The ground blurred past her as the Beast ran. His loping stride cleared distances greater than she thought possible. She shifted as much as she could and studied him, noting first that while he was naked, he was covered in a dark-mottled fur. She could smell him, too: he smelled musky and damp. Like the swamp, but without the sickly-sweet stench of rotting plants.
Her body went from numb to aching and then started to fade back towards numb as the Beast ran. She lost track of time but did notice it was getting darker out before he took her into a forest.
Crystal cried out when he dropped and left her feeling weightless. It ended a heartbeat later with a jarring landing that splattered her with cold water. He changed directions and ran down the stream, splashing her again and again until she shivered and clung to his warmth.
They left the water behind and slowed down once the Beast was on dry land again. He dropped her on the ground without warning, knocking the wind out of her again. She scrambled, twisting around enough to see him roll a massive rock several inches and then grab a fallen log as big around as her waist and pick it up to move it aside. The Beast revealed a dark hole dug out of the side of a hill.
“Oh, hell no,” Crystal muttered. “Not in there. Please, not in there!”
He grabbed her outstretched arm and yanked on it hard enough to make her scream. Her shirt, already torn, ripped some more before he used her legs and arms to take the pressure off her shoulder. He let her go once she was in the mouth of his den.
The dusk light was blocked by the Beast as he stood outside of it. She stared up at him and got as good a look as the darkness would allow. He resembled a man, if a man were covered in fur and stood as tall as a tree. His arms were not only thick but long. Long enough his thick fingernails were closer to the ground than to his knees. Middlebrook High’s basketball coach would have killed to have him try out.
She looked up and noticed his arms weren’t the only thing thick and long about him. He sniffed loudly and let out a lusty growl. The growl broke through her terror and helped her jerk her eyes off his swollen member. She whimpered and stared at the wide chest and savage face of the Beast. He had two eyes, but his mouth and nose were on a short snout. His teeth were sharp and stained.
He took a step and reached for her. She scooted back, dodging his clutching hand. He growled again and lunged forward, making her cry out in fear and then pain when he grabbed her leg. He dragged her towards him and reached for her jeans.
Crystal struggled, twisting and turning and rolling over so she could use her hands to pull herself away. He pushed her down, driving her belly and hips into the ground and making her grunt. She tried again, flailing her feet to no effect and then lifting her chest up on her elbows.
The Beast grabbed the waist of her jeans and tugged on them. Her flesh scraped as the denim rubbed it raw. Her belt snapped and the button on the front tore free. The skin of her ass stung as he pulled her jeans over her hips and left her exposed.
“No! Please, no!” Crystal whimpered.
She felt something hot blowing against her and smelled his fetid breath. The den grew darker as he descended on her. He licked her exposed shoulder where her shirt had been torn away. She gagged and then froze in terror when she felt his sharp teeth clamp down on her skin. He bit, breaking the skin and making her body stiffen. A whimper slipped through her lips from the pain and then it turned into a moan as something hard and searing hot poked against her exposed butt. Her paralysis ended as she felt him trying to spread her legs. Her jeans, now around her hips, worked to protect her.
She squirmed under him, ignoring the teeth next to her neck and the sharp claws piercing her lower back. She had to get away! She started to make headway when he relinquished his grip on her shoulder with his mouth and grabbed her hip in his hand. He picked her butt up and drove her shoulders and chin into the ground.
He stabbed at her again, his throbbing heat jabbing against her thighs and sliding wetly against her skin. She started screaming and thrashing at the same time she felt his hardness slide against her and begin to stretch her open.
Crystal’s breath was blasted out of her as he crashed on top of her and drove her into the ground. His manhood slipped free instead of piercing her but the pain left her breathless. He lifted himself off her, letting her breathe in some of the damp air from the den and then groan at the fiery pain in her crotch.
She spun after she realized he wasn’t trying to breed her anymore. Instead, she heard noises. Growling and snarling. She yanked her torn pants back up over her hips and held them there as she stared out of the opening. The Beast was out there, standing between her and two wolves she could barely make out in the darkness. One was a big wolf, maybe big enough to be Hank? The other was picking itself up off the ground and snarling at the Beast.
“Ember!” Crystal realized even though she couldn’t understand how she was moving without limping. Her leg looked healed, and Hank was walking back and forth while growling. But where were the others?
And if five of them couldn’t stop the Beast by the river the other night, what hope did only two of them have?




Chapter 15

Ember kicked up dirt as she darted in from the side towards the Beast. She stopped and darted away as he turned to face her and swung a long arm. Hank pounced from the other side, barreling in and leaping up to land on the Beast’s back.
The Beast staggered forward and then spun around, sending Hank falling off. Blood and fur splattered on the ground from where Hank’s paws had dug into him. Hank hit the ground with a hollow thud and began to flop. Ember was back, nipping at the Beast’s leg and darting away.
Crystal’s hand went to her mouth. She started forward and then stopped when the pony-sized wolf sprung to his feet. His flopping hadn’t been an injury; it had been a contraction of muscles to bounce back. She felt her chest loosen but she was still terrified.
Crystal moved to hide between the fallen tree trunk and the rock wall beside the den. She held her pants up with one hand and pulled her shirt together over her breasts with the other. “Get him, Hank!” she urged in a whisper.
Her champion ran across the small battlefield and crossed in front of the Beast as he swung an arm at Ember and clipped her hindquarters. She went sprawling across the ground and sent fallen leaves and sticks plopping into the nearby stream. She yipped and twisted her back to stare at the deep gouge in her flank.
Hank’s distraction kept the Beast from going after her. He followed Hank as the wolf turned and ran back at him. Crystal winced as her would-be boyfriend’s paws dug into the ground and he crouched low to build up strength and speed. The Beast was ready for him and leaned forward to catch Hank as he leapt.
Crystal squeezed her eyes shut and then realized she couldn’t miss what was going to happen. She opened them in time to see her wolf leaping through the air and shifting as he jumped. The Beast hesitated and barely caught the flying man. Hank’s left arm came across in a hook that drove the Beast’s head to the side.
Hank used the distraction to rip his right arm free of the Beast’s cruel grip and twist around so he could wrap his arm around his opponent’s neck. He grabbed his right hand with his left, locking the Beast’s head against his side, and slipped his right leg between the legs of the Beast and tripped his right leg forward. The one-time wrestler threw his weight back and drove the Beast onto his back, with Hank landing on top of him.
Crystal winced and then gasped as they struck the ground together. Hank bounced off the Beast and struggled to keep his grip. He growled as the Beast bit at his arm and side and then used his arms to push Hank off him. Hank rolled and came up gasping for breath. Blood coated his side and right arm. Hank snarled and threw himself to the side in another roll while he shifted back into a wolf.
The Beast rolled onto its hands and feet and crouched down to pounce. He turned as Ember slammed into him from the side, deflecting her towards Hank with little more than a tuft of hair lost from his shoulder. Ember bounced to her feet and snarled, and then risked a glance at Hank as he moved to put some distance between the two of them.
Crystal realized they couldn’t win. The Beast’s wounds were closing almost as fast as they made them. It wasn’t possible, but nothing that had happened to her had been possible since that fateful night.
They could hurt the Beast, but not enough. Hank had said they’d killed creatures like him before, but how? If they hurt him bad enough, maybe. But how could they strike a killing blow when he was so strong and so fast? She watched Ember and Hank pace back and forth, keeping the Beast shifting to face them. Soon one of them would make a mistake or attack, and then it would only be a matter of time until the Beast hurt one of them bad enough to turn on the other.
They weren’t what he wanted, though. It was her. The Beast wanted her. He’d marked her and claimed her as his own. Now he only needed to breed her and he’d be satisfied. Her friends didn’t want that to happen. Hell, she didn’t want that to happen! But it was looking less and less like she would have a choice.
Crystal stepped out from behind the trunk and let go of her pants. They fell all the way to her feet, proving that she’d lost some weight in the past week. She kicked her shoes off and let her hand fall to her side. Her shirt hung in tatters, showing off her bra and doing nothing to hide her stretched and ripped boy shorts. She saw Hank stop and stare at her. His jowls lifted in one of the biggest and meanest snarls she’d seen yet.
“Hank! Ember! Just go. I don’t want anyone else getting hurt,” she called out to them. She turned around and fell forward to her knees. She kept going down to her hands and looked back over her shoulder. “Leave my friends alone! Come on, you sick fuck! This is how you wanted it, isn’t it?”
Crystal barely caught her breath before the Beast had her. His arm, fur slick with blood, wrapped under her belly and hoisted her up. She was already kicking back and felt her heel glance off the inside of his thigh. She let her arms go limp to throw herself forward and kicked up with her other leg. She felt her heel hit tissue that was softer than what she’d come to expect from the muscle-bound monster.
The beast’s snarl turned into a yipping howl in her ear. She felt herself jerked left and then right before she fell to the ground and had her breath blasted from her. When she tipped herself up on a hip and lifted herself up with her elbows, she saw Ember had her teeth sunk into the Beast’s right leg and Hank had his jaw wrapped on the back of the Beast’s neck.
Crystal turned some more as her heart skipped a beat. She sat up, ignoring the ache in her butt as she scraped her gashed bottom across the ground. A flash of gray out of the corner of her mind made her turn. Another two wolves streaked out of the dark woods and leapt onto the beast. 
Crystal found herself grinning and rose up. She licked her lips and took a step towards the battle. The Beast rose up on his legs in spite of being covered in wolves. Fur and flesh hung from him and blood fell like rain from his wounds. Crystal stopped and stared, and then her eyes narrowed as she felt something twist in her belly. She snarled and curled her fingers into fists and took another step before a wolf with silver streaks leapt up onto the Beast and bit down on his snout.
The wolf—Gwen, Crystal guessed by the silver fur—slid off the Beast but left his face torn and bleeding. He tottered and crashed to the ground on his back. The pack of wolves fell on him anew. Blood, dirt, and patches of fur filled the air as the Beast’s struggles grew weaker and weaker. After a few minutes, the only ones still moving were the wolves.
Crystal straightened and watched the fight turn gory. Her brow furrowed, confused, and then she saw one of the wolves rip a bloody morsel from the Beast’s corpse and swallow it down. Her mouth dropped as she watched the feeding frenzy unfold.
One of the wolves, a long-haired gray one, snapped and roared at the others. The other wolves backed away and looked up at him, each of them licking the blood from their chops or swallowing whatever gibbets of flesh were in their mouths. The wolf shifted, blurring and contorting before her eyes until a nude man rose up from the blood-strewn ground. He bent over and shoved his hand into the disemboweled monster’s chest. He pulled his blood-soaked arm out and held the Beast’s dripping heart in his hand. She gasped as she saw it still quivering.
Guntar turned and walked towards her, mindless of his nudity. Crystal was equally ignorant; her eyes were on the gift he carried. He stopped in front of her and lifted it to her. She noticed the blood soaking his cheeks and beard, and then looked down at the heart of the monster. He nodded to it and raised it to her face. “Eat,” he said in a voice barely recognizable as human.
The coppery smell of blood and tissue filled her nose. Her stomach twisted again and her mouth watered. She licked her lips and tasted something that made her tongue tingly. A rush of heat spread through her body. She glanced down and saw blood splatters on her skin and tattered clothes. She lifted her head up and saw the heart was closer still. She sniffed and filled her senses with the taste of the Beast’s flesh.
She leaned forward and spread her lips. She felt the near searing heat of the heart and let the taste overwhelm her. What she knew rationally was a disgusting thing her body suddenly craved. She captured Guntar’s arm in her hands and sawed her teeth into the muscle. She ripped it away and chewed the strong tissue before swallowing. The act only increased her appetite. Crystal attacked the heart, tearing, chewing, and swallowing so fast her throat ached as it had to stretch to let the partially chewed meat pass through.
When her senses returned, someone held her back while Guntar pulled his hand from her. He grinned, his teeth pink contrast to the red of his face. She blinked and looked down at the stains on her body. Her shirt was soaked and her hands were coated with the sticky substance. She gasped and felt her belly rumble. It was a happy and contented sigh. She blinked, horrified at what she’d done.
“Oh my God,” she whispered. “What—”
Guntar nodded to her and looked at the other naked people surrounding them. “We need to burn the remains.”
“That’s it?” Crystal asked. “Just business as usual?”
Adrian smirked. “Nothing is ever usual with a beast like this. They’re all different, and this one died because of you.”
“Um, great,” Crystal said. She looked over at the remains and shuddered. “I just ate his fucking heart!”
“Might help you,” Guntar said.
“Or it might kill her,” Adrian said.
Hank touched her arm, startling her. Crystal turned to see him holding her jeans and shoes. Crystal blushed and took them. “Thanks,” she mumbled and found herself unable to think of anything except how magnificent Hank’s body was. Magnificent and naked. And close enough to touch.
Ember cleared her throat and stepped up. “Back off, Tiny. She’s still in heat.”
“Tiny?” Crystal asked. She glanced down and saw that Hank was anything but small.
“Because I’m so big,” Hank explained.
Crystal glanced down again and said, “I’ll say.”
“Okay, let’s get these two apart,” Gwen agreed. She stepped up and grabbed onto Crystal’s hand. “Put your clothes back on, dear. We’ve got to get you home.”
Crystal frowned and realized she was still holding onto her pants. She bit her lip and nodded. “Hey!” She looked at Gwen and then Guntar. “If he’s dead, why am I still, um, like this?”
“The poison doesn’t die with him,” Adrian said.
“But, I thought—”
“There’s no amount of thinking that will help. This is blood and magic,” he said. “Might be eating the Beast’s essence will give you strength to fight it. Or it might be that it will make it worse.”
“Worse? You mean, like, kill me faster? Turn me into a slut?”
Adrian shrugged and looked away.
Crystal sighed. “So now what?”
“Get dressed,” Gwen repeated. “We’ll get you home and get you cleaned up. We’ll watch you and figure it out from there.”
Crystal nodded and balanced on one leg while she slipped her jeans back on. She glanced back and saw Hank staring at her butt and she jerked her head away. Her cheeks burned and then she realized that Hank was interested. She glanced back and saw him raise his gaze to hers. His cheeks flushed beneath the drying blood and she smiled.
She would have him; it was only a matter of time. She didn’t understand how, but she knew that she’d staked her claim.

###



Afterward by the Author

Claimed by the Beast is very exciting for me, and very much the beginning of something greater. This is only part one of the serial novel but part two is being edited and worked up by Cora Graphics. Part three is almost finished, and I plan to keep going until their story is told in full. Maybe as few as four parts, but probably more, like five or six.
I’d love to share more, but I don’t want to give away spoilers. I can’t help but be very excited about this serial. On the sly I’d love to talk more about it if you’re interested. Feel free to drop me a line at dawnmichelle@novelconceptpublishing.com. Or you could wait a week or two for part two to come out. I hope to have a new part released every three to four weeks, and if you’d like to know when they’re available sign up for my newsletter so you can be the first to know!



About the Author



Dawn Michelle is a girl next door turned mother of two and household champion. After years of watching her husband write novel after novel and not trying to write the stories she was interested in she decided it was time she showed him how it was done.
If you enjoyed Dawn’s writing and would like to have a chance to find out more about her and her new releases, please sign up for her newsletter. You can also reach out to her personally at dawnmichelle@novelconceptpublishing.com.

Claimed by the Beast – Part One
Claimed by the Beast – Part Two
Claimed by the Beast – Part Three
Claimed by the Beast – Part Four

