Lake Lohmeed 
Fall of the Dark Queen
Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier
Smashwords Edition
Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
About the Author
Chapter 1
Come one, come all, sit down and let me tell you an incredible story was told to me by a traveling storyteller whom I had the good fortune to meet in an inn during my travels.
Many ages ago, far from here in the beautiful high lands of Scotland was a realm called the kingdom of the Scots. This country was lush with beautiful forests and vast lakes that were bustling with life. On the year 1020 of our lord, summer had settled in after a harsh winter. The sun was shining beautiful rays of light. Birds were flying around, enjoying the newly found pleasure of having warm air caressing their wings. Leaves had finally come out and replaced the lifeless land with greenness. Flowers of different colors were growing and the grass was reaching for the sky. It was beautiful to see so much colorful life come alive all at once.
In one area of this realm, we find a vast lake called Lake Lohmeed. A huge castle had been built on a large island in the lake. The castle looked like it was floating above the waters of the lake when it was foggy in the morning. From afar people could see dozens of keeps and tall spires topped with different colored flags that were coming out of the tall walls of the castle. A long bridge built out of brick and wood was joining the castle to the land to allow travelling between the mainland and the castle.
Those allowed to go in the castle could see that the palace was richly decorated with object from all over the world. Giant statues, stuffed wild beasts and paintings were everywhere in the castle. No expense was spared to decorate the walls and the corridors. Each area of the structure had some kind of decoration. Nothing was left bare. This place was magnificent to look at inside and out. Alas for all of this beauty to behold, this castle was inhabited and ruled by an evil witch Queen called Joanka.
She was very beautiful, pleasing to the eye with her delicate curves. She was unusually tall for a woman and had black hair. Her skin was smooth as silk, without a blemish, well taken care of and her eyes were of deep blue sea color. She was dressed with white robes and wore a dark black cape made of delicate fabric that fluttered in the air when she went about. She wore the sunset crown. An unusual looking crown that had many spikes that simulated the rays of the sun. It was all black with a few blue shining emerald set around its base.
She was burning with deep hatred since her ascension to the throne a long time ago. She had ruled with an iron fist since then and made sure it stayed that way. She did not care much about the peasants of her land. All she wanted were the riches that they could bring to her. Food, timber, gold, metals and materials, this is what mattered to her.
She wanted to expand her castle and build an army to conquer neighboring kingdoms. Most people lived in poverty in her land because she was misusing the resources of her kingdom. Anyone who dared raised their voice in any way shape or form on how she treated the kingdom paid dearly for their comments. The castle was the center of her universe and she was controlling its economy with clockwork precision. Huge caravans from the kingdom arrived daily to deliver various goods to her castle. People toiled under the hard sun to bring her everything she was requesting to realize her own ambitions.
One day, Hughenon, the chief of the royal guard of the Queen was nervously walking in the royal hall towards the throne room, eager to report to his majesty. He was dressed in his usual white shiny armor which had intricate designs all over. He was the right hand man of the Queen. Every dastardly deed she needed to be done would go thru him for flawless execution and carried out without a shred of mercy if need be. The man carried the weight of many sins on his shoulders as he was blindly following the Queen's every order. No one knew for sure what caused this kind of devotion to his Queen.
Walking behind him in the dimly lit corridor were some other knights following his brisk pace. He finally reached the huge door of the throne room. He told his guards to stay behind while he had his audience with the Queen. He then paused for a few moments, gathering his thoughts and pushed the tall heavy wooden door that creaked when opening, revealing the huge throne room of the castle.
After crossing two giant royal guards who were close to the door, Hughenon proceeded to walk towards the Queen who was sitting on the throne awaiting a report from him. Seeing her general coming in the Queen raised her gaze from a book she was reading.
Arriving in front of his majesty, the knight kneeled and bowed his head in obedience.
The Queen closed her book after putting a signet in between some of the pages and looked at her general.
"So, Hughenon, what news do you bring to me?" asked the Queen.
"My Queen, we have traveled again to our royal lands in search of the fabled one. We have not found him yet. I apologize for our lack of success your majesty. We were not able to find the one who could destroy you.” the lord replied.
Queen Joanka turned towards a strange looking man who was close by, visibly upset at the turn of events.
"Do you hear that Rashid? Once again my mightiest men have failed. You told me that we would find him soon, but now, all I see is this empty handed fool before me. My patience is wearing thin and time is running out on me. I will not tolerate excuses from neither of you." said the Queen in an exasperated tone.
“I should incinerate the both of you on the spot for this!” she shouted.
Rashid who had been reading an old dusty book closed it and put it on the rustic table in front of him.
"My Queen, we know that your valiant high guard Hughenon has traveled all over the kingdom and worked hard in order to find this fabled one but the stars told me he would be hard to find." replied Rashid in an old tired raspy voice while walking around the table.
"To make matters worse, it seems that the fabled one is hiding amongst the most of unexpected places. So far I have not been able to find the exact location of this mysterious creature. Lord Hughenon has to keep looking in order to find him and find him soon he must as your ritual is approaching rapidly most gracious majesty." continued the old sorcerer.
"What do you say to that Hughenon?" responded the Queen, looking at Hughenon who was most uncomfortable with the moment.
Hughenon felt humiliated by these veiled accusations and had enough of this situation. Suddenly he got up and lunged towards the sorcerer. In a quick succession of movements, he drew out his large sword and grabbed the sorcerer by his clothes putting his shinning blade at the sorcerer’s throat. Hughenon tightened his fist on the chest of the old man, making him choke under his slowly tightening grip. The high lord had a crazed look in his eyes as he began to speak to his Queen.
"If the sorcerer would be more precise my Queen, we would have already caught this threat! It would be destroyed already and everything would be business as usual for all of us. I am tired of the superstitious tales of this old man. And when I get tired, I get angry! I need precise info to catch this creature! You hear me old man!" screamed Hughenon as he turned to face the old man.
Rashid who did not know what to do to resist the grip of his aggressor was struggling to get release from the tall knight. The Queen got up and started to slowly walk around the two men who were at each other's throat. As she walked around she gestured to Hughenon to remove his sword from Rashid's throat and release his choke hold. He complied, lowering his sword and backing off from the sorcerer.
"You have gained a few moments of respite sorcerer but I tire of your games.” continued Hughenon raising his sword to point it at Rashid again, touching his throat.
"Your incompetence and meddling in my affairs is making me fall out of favor towards our Queen and my patience as a limit. You better get some clearer pictures of who I need to find in this crystal ball of yours before I behead you with my sword." said the lord.
"Hughenon, calm down my pet." murmured the Queen in his ear as she got behind him. She took the knight's sword and lowered it down again much to his chagrin as she headed to her throne leaving the two men facing each other in a deadly game of stare.
The Queen sat down on the throne and continued: “We don't want to damage our pretty little source of information do we? After all, he is indeed just a pitiful fool who will lose his head if he does not deliver soon.” she concluded as she looked at the two men with disdain.
“Yes of course my Queen. We will make every effort to find and eliminate this threat against you!” gasped the sorcerer grabbing his throat.
“My Queen is immortal but the one with the golden hair must be found and destroyed! Otherwise the queen would be in danger soon.” the vile wizard went on.
“We know of this story, this is nothing new to us.” exclaimed Hughenon angered at the rhetoric of the sorcerer.
“Yes my lord, but so far this beast has not been found. Someone in our kingdom has been aware of how our Queen is able to remain as such youthful for this amount of time and is intent on using this knowledge to destroy her.” replied Rashid.
“Superstitious rubbish, you fool! You know that this creature does not exists.” replied Hughenon.
“My lord, I have seen visions that show that a beast with blond hair that shines like gold will be the one who bring about the end of our beloved Queen when the immortality renewal ritual comes by.” said Rashid.
“Nothing has happened so far. This beast has not manifested itself. But the time has come for another ritual. We have to take every possible precaution to avoid disaster my lordship since I sense the presence of the creature now.” continued Rashid.
Hughenon cut the sorcerer off before he could continued his story.
“So this is it Rashid? For the last few months, we have had multitudes of our men search this kingdom and no one has gotten near close to capture this abomination. I sincerely wonder if you are on our side, sorcerer. I swear I will see the end of you if you keep mocking me or my men!” replied Hughenon in an angered tone.
“I would not presume to offend my lord in any way. I am following the information that the vision has shown to me, nothing more!” Rashid was somewhat defiant in his tone which steered the Queen to interrupt the exchange that was getting unpleasant again.
“Why don’t you believe the sorcerer, Hughenon? He is telling the truth. I also feel that something is amidst. Your own father was there to witness my last ritual, many years before you were even born and you have carried his duties since he has gone to his final resting place. The search must and will continue, no matter what you may believe! I will not let this thing interfere with my other plans!” replied the Queen as she briskly smashed her fist on the arm of her throne surprising the two opponents with this move.
“Forgive me my Queen, but my men are tired of running around our royal lands based on superstitious tales. They do not understand the importance of this and it is hard to make them work properly which is impeding my work for you. We need something tangible, something my men can easily understand so that the work gets done.” responded Hughenon.
“Do not question any of my orders Hughenon. The truth is in the words of the sorcerer. I must have the ritual without any problems or all is lost. Ring in your men and get rid of those who can't follow your orders. We pay them good money for their services and if they cannot do simple tasks, we will send them back to their old peasant lives in the fields. There they will get back to their miserable lives to starve and die. See to it that it is done. Now go! I am tired of your incessant whining! Leave me and go find that pitiful thing and destroy it!” replied the Queen.
“Yes, your Majesty. Your words are wisdom and law as always.” replied the general who bowed. The imposing knight got up turned about and left the throne room, cursing and muttering at the situation as he crossed the doors that the guards opened for him.
As Hughenon was leaving the Queen turned her gaze to Rashid. She was lost in thoughts trying to decide if she had made the right choice by following the visions of the sorcerer. She usually did not fear anything or anyone. She did not intend to relish power so easily.
Rashid was the advisor to the Queen. He helped her avoid getting into trouble as he was able to predict the future for her. He had saved her many times from different types of attempts at her life. Many months ago, Rashid warned the Queen that he had foreseen a strange being in one of his vision. In the vision the creature destroyed her.
The Queen recognized the potential dangers she could face and thus had decided to do everything in her power to protect herself from this possible event. After counseling with the sorcerer she had Hughenon send forth many of her soldiers. She gave him orders to find this mystical being. There was still no positive report of any progress after all these months. Once more, Hughenon left the throne room with his report of failure which angered the Queen.
Outside the throne room stood Arnstaad, a young man, barely in his twenties. He was Hughenon’s right hand man. He had been waiting impatiently to see the results of the audience with the Queen and wanted to talk to his lord who was fast approaching him.
“You have a grim look on your face, is something wrong my lord?” asked the young man sidestepping his superior as he was passing by.
Hughenon feeling pestered, replied to the question -“We have nothing to work with! Again the Queen follows the sorcerer’s every words blindly. Damn him forever. Pass on the word to the guards that we will go from village to village tomorrow. We will destroy everything that looks remotely related to the vision of that fool. I want to finish this once and for all. The Queen wants results or else Arnstaad.”
Arnstaad interjected. “Our men are getting tired of this search my lord. We have been thru the kingdom several times over the last months and we have not found anything.”
Hughenon abruptly stopped his march and look sternly at Arnstaad.
“Do not presume on my good mood today to lecture me or I will have you whipped into shape in front of your own men. I know what I have to do young pup! Now go and have our men assembled in the courtyard tomorrow morning. We will go out for another expedition!”
Hughenon continued - “Now be gone from my face Arnstaad before I slap you silly! I have far too many things on my mind other than being bothered with your constant complaints! I shall retire to my quarters and no one is to bother me unless necessary. Is that understood young man?!”
Arnstaad quickly bowed.
“Yes my lord, of course, I apologize for my impudence, everything shall be done as you want!” replied the soldier as he started running in the opposite direction to go to the guards’ quarters leaving the sight of his general.
After walking for some time thru the many halls of the castle Hughenon finally got to his room and opened the door that led to his chambers. He stopped in front of a huge mounted mirror.
Hughenon was a tall man in his late thirties that easily stood out amongst his troops. From the many scars on his face that the mirror reflected, you could clearly see that this man had seen many battles in his life. He had long breaded black hair, beard and mustache. A very distinct look to his face many people said.
He sat down on his bed to start removing the rest of his armor starting with his gauntlets. Piece after piece, the armor came off as he put the parts on a stand close to his bed.
The tormented knight went to bed and fell asleep.
Chapter 2
The next day came quickly and the troops were preparing to go out hunting for the mystic beast. They had assembled in the courtyard of the castle as requested by lord Hughenon. Minutes passed by and as soon as he saw his lord approaching Arnstaad ordered his troops to attention and went to greet his superior.
“Good day sire! As you can see the men are ready. We can depart anytime you wish to do so.” said Arnstaad.
“Very well. Let us mount up. I want to go to a few nearby villages and come back before nightfall.” said Hughenon to the group.
A squire brought Hughenon’s horse close to him and he mounted his magnificent horse. At the signal of Arnstaad some soldiers activated the pulley system that lifted the main gate of the castle. The riders took off, racing across the fortress’ bridge, making deafening thunderous noise heard far and wide.
Elsewhere in the kingdom, the lazy winds were sweeping thru leaves and grass. Sunlight was caressing the ground with its gentile warm touch. It was another nice sunny day for everyone. People loved their mythic land. It was their pride and joy to belong to a land so rich in history. Most human villages had been built close enough to Lake Lohmeed to exploit the richness of its generous waters. Every day people went to fish at the lake to feed their families but the knights of the castle made sure that they got their share of the spoils. They seized most of the fishermen catch at the end of the day. These poor souls had meager amounts of food to bring home to their families.
Ever since Queen Joanka came into power, misery and poverty had been the food of the land. Everyone kept calling her the witch Queen because of her wicked ways.
Taverns from one end of the kingdom to the other had stories about her. Many were claiming that she was many centuries old. Others had tales that she was eternal, godly, while others said she was pure malefic, associated with the devil himself.
Amongst all of this, to control her reputation, the Queen had hired many storytellers who were spreading tales around the kingdom. They went around and sang many songs of how she was a benevolent ruler, doing damage control to mitigate bad events and to make crowds docile. However many of her subjects knew that she was cruel and vindictive to them but did not speak about it because they knew trouble would surely follow if they had voiced their discontent. Those who had tried to rise against her failed miserably. The people decided not bother with the ideal of being free of her rule and just carried on, trying to raise their families as best and securely as they could. The cost to get rid of her was just too high.
In recent months, things had started to change. The Queen’s soldiers were coming more often to the villages to cause problems or aggravate people. Besides looting important things, they were looking for something or someone. They were asking strange questions about a being that had golden hair and the whereabouts to find this creature. People did not know what to make of these strange requests. Many times over, those who were not willing to answer the questions disappeared into the night, never to be seen again.
“You are not going to be happy here, better settle in another kingdom!” many people suggested to incoming strangers. That was the popular recommendation. But even for all that misery, the local people still had hope that one day their land would be free again from the tyranny of the Queen.
Removed from the castle’s area, we find other lands that are filled with beautiful imposing trees that seem to stretch forever towards the sun. Deep within these parts laid a little village unlike any other. This strange place was inhabited by all kinds of strangely dressed animals that were going around, talking to each other and doing different things. Some were constructing houses. Other were selling items at their stands. Kids were running around the adults who were annoyed at their behavior as usual. A few rabbits were seen gardening vegetables while little squirrels were playing on sea saws.
However, on that particular day, most of these strange animals were in mass in the village’s square as it was the end of the week market day. They were moving around, buying things for the weekend when suddenly amongst the crowd somebody started yelling as a little cloud of dust lifted in the middle of the square.
“Mail, mail, mail, end of the week mail, coming thru! Stand aside!'' screamed someone.
Ramper the squirrel was delivering the daily mail to people. He was the mailman of the town and he was running thru the village at breakneck speed, charged with his heavy mailbag. He was trying to deliver his letters as fast as he could while trying to avoid collision with everything and everyone. As he went thru the busy market, he threw letters and envelopes everywhere, hitting people in various parts of their anatomy. Some people received letters in their faces or bellies and anywhere in between. Most people cursed at him for being so careless while doing his job.
James the gopher raised his fist against the messenger when he passed by trying to protect his wife from the packages flying everywhere.
“That bloke is going to be the death of me someday! It was the third time he hit me straight in the face with a package of mine yesterday. I tell you Mary Ann, this kid is crazy!” said the irate gopher.
Close to this commotion was Alexander, a bunny who was carrying a bag of carrots to his home when he was suddenly struck by Ramper who had a distraction for a moment while running. A loud boom was heard and all sorts of things flew up in the air and fell to the ground.
After a few minutes of shaking off cobwebs Alexander and Ramper were finally picking themselves up and gathering their items as if nothing real serious had happened.
“Ramper, where are you going in such a hurry?” Alexander asked.
“I bring the news from Richmond village Alexander....they have seen...the...the human soldiers go by.” Ramper replied, quite frightened, looking all around him like a crazed animal.
Ramper bent to Alexander’s ear and whispered.
“The people are saying that they were looking for the fabled one! That is what they heard the soldiers say when they were close to the village. Everybody was petrified that they would be found out. Since our villages are not too far from each other they decided to alert us. Apparently there was a big huge bunch of them on their enormous horses.” Ramper continued.
“Are you still talking about that old tale?! You know it is rubbish Ramper!” ranted Alexander.
“No one has found any proof that this fabled one exists, whomever or whatever he or she may be! It is an old wife's tale to amuse kids. The only thing we need to worry about is to keep our village secret and not let the soldiers or humans find us!” the rabbit continued.
Alexander put his backpack on and dusted himself off. He helped Ramper pick up his packages and letters.
“You know you cannot believe everything you are told Ramper!” said Alexander while he put letters in Ramper’s mailbag.
“I know, Alexander! This is all so stressful! I am the official town crier and mail man and it is my duty to carry the news Alexander. There is so much going on lately that everyone is panicking and jumping at shadows.” the little squirrel replied.
Not too far away Gaspar the elder who had seen the commotion had left his chores and came closer to Alexander and Ramper to listen in the conversation.
Gaspar had a strange look for himself most people would say. His clothes were made of old worn out heavy beige material. He had a satchel, a belt with a few pouch and accessories, a staff and a weird bonnet. He was the sage of the village. Many people sought his good advice to resolve problems and issues. After listening in on the conversation for a while, Gaspar took voice.
“This does not bode well for any of us. Queen Joanka is increasing her searches, she must be on to something important. What could it be?” he said.
“What are you saying, I do not understand.” replied Ramper puzzled at Gaspar’s reaction.
“I have to figure out what the human Queen is up to Ramper. She is up to no good for sure and it might spell doom for all of us. Come with me young gentlemen. I have something to tell you. A very old story that no one tells it anymore because it is a dark secret.” Gaspar replied.
The group went to an old tree stump and sat down. Gaspar looked at the sky gathering his thoughts then looked at Alexander and Ramper.
“A long time ago, a terrible curse befell upon us my young ones, a curse so horrible that it changed everything for us.” said Gaspar in a grim tone.
“You are kidding Gaspar! Are you just going to tell us one of your old stories that don’t make sense.” replied Ramper.
Gaspar sighed and continued his tale.
“My child if this was the case, none of us would be here. We would be living another type of life right now.” said Gaspar.
“What kind of life? What do you mean?” asked Ramper.
“A very different one.” said Gaspar looking at the beautiful blue sky and delicate clouds.
He briefly paused then continued-“Many centuries ago, we were very different and lived in another part of the kingdom. We used to live in a human village called Amirantha.”
“Amirantha, where is that?” asked Ramper intrigued by what Gaspar was saying.
“It was a human village little one, unfortunately no one lives there anymore.”
“Why is that so Gaspar?” queried the little squirrel.
“Your ancestors were the inhabitants who lived there.” replied Gaspar with a sad tone.
Alexander and Ramper ushered in surprise.
“What do you mean Gaspar? Look at us! We are not humans. We are animals! Again you do not make sense with your tales.” said Ramper.
“I know it may be hard for you to believe Ramper, but long ago we were human just like the soldiers that the people saw in Richmond.” replied Gaspar.
“Are you mad! We are not humans. I am a squirrel, and you are a raccoon. Alexander is a bunny, everyone here is an animal!” replied Ramper.
“Yes but your ancestors were magically transformed by an enchantment into animals.” replied Gaspar.
“What? And why is that?” asked Ramper.
“Many centuries ago, a princess named Joanka came into power after her father died. She was a severe person and to make matters worse she wanted to be on the throne forever. She had read that immortality might exist thru mystic potions in the far lands. She sent her soldiers around this world to see if they could find the secret of ever-lasting life for her.” said Gaspar.
“After years of exiles, many of her messengers returned empty handed but one returned with a sorcerer from a distant land. This man called Rashid claimed he had the secret of eternal life.” continued Gaspar.
“That is strange story! If the sorcerer was that great, why didn’t he keep the secret for himself and not tell her” replied Ramper.
“The sorcerer came from a remote country in the east. Through decades of research he had discovered the secret of eternal life. The vile sorcerer intended to take over as the ruler of his kingdom.” answered Gaspar.
“He was an eternal man?” asked Alexander.
Gaspar replied - “Yes Alexander. The potion he made turned him into an immortal man. The king of that land feared this sorcerer and he declared a death penalty on him and bounty hunters and knights went after him.
“Rashid fled the kingdom. Later, he learned of the Queen's quest for eternal life while hiding in a city. He presented himself to one of the Queen's knight who had stopped to rest at a tavern. Rashid quickly engaged conversation with the knight. He claimed he could help the Queen if he escaped the kings bounty hunters and soldiers sent after him. The knight agreed to save him and arranged to slip out of town with the sorcerer undetected.”
“They travelled for many months and finally arrived at the castle. After being presented to the Queen, the evil sorcerer agreed to help her in her desire for immortality. In return for a safe haven, she demanded the secret of eternal life. He concocted his life giving formula that the Queen drank. The potion gave her immortality but only for a certain time. The youthful effects were not permanent and wore off after five decades but as long as she kept drinking the potion once every fifty years, she would remain young and could stay in power. She asked the sorcerer to teach her some magic trick to defend herself if need be. After some time, she could mount up magic walls, throw fireballs and other arcane spells. But enough of this, now let us retire for lunch I am hungry!” said Gaspar.
Elsewhere, the wind was sweeping the clouds in the sky marking the passage of time and in the last few days, as many times as they had done before the troops had visited many villages but did not find any information or anything valuable for the Queen. They reported back at Lohmeed castle where a most important discussion ensued.
“What is your report today Hughenon. Tell me what you have found out.” asked the Queen.
“Our soldiers have combed the forest again my Queen. We have found nothing.” reported the knight.
Queen Joanka turned to Rashid, very upset.
“So my great sorcerer, what do you think of all of this? Will the fabled one have my soul to take soon?” asked the Queen.
“I do not know my great Queen. The vision I have seen have yet to become reality.” responded Rashid not knowing what more he could tell to his Queen.
“Enough!” - screamed the Queen rising from her throne. “I have held power for this long and will not relinquish it! This is unacceptable! This thing might be very well within these walls and you incompetent fools would not even know about it.”
“Hughenon, you have better find this abomination of doom or else I will have wolves eat you alive, do you hear me!” the Queen screamed.
“Yes my Queen, absolutely!” replied Hughenon.
Hughenon rose from his kneeling position and proceeded to leave the room.
“That idiotic fool will bring my downfall. Sorcerer I am tired of this search. This has to end soon! There must be a way to find this golden hair monster!” said the Queen as she looked at her general leaving the throne room.
“Yes my Queen, of course, we will not falter!” said Rashid who was scrambling for comforting words for his Queen.
Sometime later, far away from the castle, in the forest we find Lena. She was a little female bunny that was looking deep into the river, lost in her thoughts. She had come to the river to contemplate its beauty. There was something magical in these parts that fascinated her.
“Ah, there you are this morning! As usual you are enjoying the stream so much dear.” said a figure that was approaching Lena.
She turned around to see her old father coming out of the woods, cane in hand, walking slowly towards her.
“Yes, father. Here I can relax and think about the beauty of everything that surrounds us. Life in the village is going on so fast that you barely have time to reflect on things. It is calm and soothing to be here.” said Lena.
The water was gleaming with the rays of the sun. They could see other friends tending to their chores along the river. They were washing clothes. There was even a watermill that had been built to help mow the grain for the winter. Every little detail of the scenery was another precious memory they absorbed. Time passed by as the two figures relaxed by the river. Then Lena's father rose up.
“Come Lena! We have to return to the village. We have to open our market stand and sell a few things today if we are to put food on the table tonight.”
“Yes, of course Father.” Lena replied, reluctantly leaving the banks of the river.
They both turned around and begin to leave. Then as they went, they both paused and turned their head to bid goodbye to the people and the river that helped them survive.
Chapter 3
At castle Lohmeed Hughenon had come to the courtyard to greet his troops assembled in front of him. They were getting ready for another search party. Dozens upon dozens of men all dressed in shining armors stood in the courtyard with their horses besides them, equally dressed with beautiful attire and armor. Pages were assisting the soldiers with their equipment, giving swords to their respective masters and tying other different things on their steeds. Nearby onlookers were always curious about these type of events. They were chatting and spreading rumors about what the soldiers were about to do. They were suddenly silenced by Hughenon’s deep voice.
“Men, we need to find the fabled one and soon or the Queen will all have our heads dangling from the walls of this castle.” said the high knight.
“This time, Arnstaad will scour the south forest with his group. Albert will go to the east. The rest will come with me. Do you have any questions?” asked Hughenon to his men.
“But what are we looking for my lord! We have been scouring the territory over and over for the last several months. The description is vague to us sire which makes it hard to find what we are looking for.” said a young knight.
“We are looking for a being with a lock of blond hair that shines like gold. It could be anything, an animal, a human. The information is not specific. We just need to find this living thing and destroy it.” replied Hughenon who was walking around inspecting his troops.
As strange as these orders were, nobody decided to ask any other question and a few minutes later, the knights were mounted on their horses.
As they were getting ready to leave a slim dark cloaked figure appeared in the courtyard and mounted a black horse that had been left alone for unknown reasons. The figure was clad in black armor and a cape that had padding of fur on the shoulders. The figure also wore a cowl and a mask. The men were surprised at this strange turn of events and did not know what to do.
“The Queen asked me to accompany your troops on this trip general. I am curious to see the progress you are making and I have to report this to the Queen.” declared the figure who was watching the guards getting ready to leave.
“This is not a good idea!” Hughenon replied to the figure. “You could get hurt if anything happens or if we get ambushed.”
“Do not concern yourself with me lord! I am more than capable of defending myself if need be.” the figure replied steadying the horse that was nervously awaiting departure.
“Then let us go! We have a lot of areas to cover before sunset!” screamed the knight to his troop as he guided his horse towards the gate.
The front gate of the castle rose slowly and the guards started galloping out of the castle towards the different parts of the kingdom they were assigned to go to.
“We’ll meet at the mouth of the bridge tonight men!” shouted Hughenon as the troops spread out.
Time passed and Hughenon whom had travelled for some time on his horseback was getting tired. He decided to halt his men close to a stream to refresh his horse and himself.
“Stop, get off your horses and tend to them. I want them fresh and ready to go as soon as possible and sort yourselves out.” he said.
“Yes sire” replied his men as they stopped their horses and dismounted.
Hughenon was kneeling close to the river and refreshing himself with ice cold water.
“Ah this is real good!” he thought to himself.
The masked scout that was following them came close by Hughenon.
“Do you think we will find anything here?” asked the scout.
“I am not sure. If I knew what we were really looking for, that would simplify my task for the Queen.” he replied to the rider.
“Yes I agree. If we only knew!” replied the scout.
“You better keep that face hidden to avoid trouble.” said Hughenon.
“I know what I have to do. You don’t have to tell me about these sort of things.” replied the scout.
“I am just trying to protect you, you know that.” said the knight.
“Yes I know.” added the scout.
“Well do as you please but always keep your guard up. Most of my men are well behaved but some of them can get quite irritating at times and do stupid things to each other.” said Hughenon.
“If they ever come close or attempt anything, I will just dispose of them on sight. I hope this will not be the case and that you have your men under complete control.” replied the adventurer.
“Yes of course. I have their allegiance.” said Hughenon.
“Then that is good. Should we not continue the search?” replied the adventurer.
“Yes, give them a few more moments to refresh. Riding a horse is hard when you are wearing a lot of armor.” replied Hughenon.
“Yes, but we must find this creature and destroy it soon. You know that!” replied the adventurer.
“Yes of course, I do understand the gravity of the situation. You don’t have to remind me of the Queen’s problem.” Hughenon replied.
And off they went after mounting up again. Hughenon decided to go to a village which he and his troops had not visited for a long time. After a few hours they finally arrived and rode in into the small place. Much to the surprise of the villagers who were not expecting them.
Hughenon slowed his horse to trot. As he was going thru the village everyone was bowing, mostly out of fear for they had recognized his banner and the other symbols the soldiers had on them. They knew serious business was afoot.
“Where is the tavern of this village?” asked Hughenon stopping his horse when he was in the square in front of a peasant.
A frightened villager pointed a house.
“You men stay close by.” commanded Hughenon to his soldiers.
He slowed his horse down, turned around and joined the mysterious black figure who was a bit behind.
“Do you want to accompany me on this or do you want to wait outside, the choice is up to you.” asked Hughenon to the mysterious figure.
“I will go in with you! I want to hear all the rumors about the Queen going around for myself.” replied the masked scout.
They halted in front of the tavern, dismounted and walked to the door of the establishment.
“Step aside for a moment please!” Hughenon demanded to the black figure.
Hughenon busted the door of the building open with a swift kick.
“Who in hell do you think you are!” screamed the owner of the establishment upset by this rude entry.
“Oh sorry sire! I had not recognize my lord.” gasped the owner upon recognizing the symbols of the order of the Queen on Hughenon's armor.
Hughenon was looking at a fat type of character easily recognizable as the innkeeper of the village.
“You better pay your respects to the crown you swine or you will be beheaded on this spot! Now you are going to answer my questions and be quick about it.” said Hughenon irritated by the innkeepers remarks.
“Yes, yes of course sire! How can I help you?” replied the host scared stiff.
“Have you seen a person or an animal with golden hair wandering these parts and when I mean golden, I mean golden, not blonde but gold looking.” said Hughenon.
“I have not my lord. As far I can recollect no such person or creature has come into my sight. I have seen many people come and go over the years but nothing of the sort that our lord is describing. I am sorry sire.” replied the inn keeper.
Hughenon turned around. Everyone in the room had a quick gasp.
“What about the villagers? Do you think they may have seen something in the woods while hunting or tending to other chores?” asked Hughenon.
A man in the back of the room got up. It looked like the mayor of the town judging by his clothing.
“Wind of this would have had come to my ears.” exclaimed the mayor who was further at the back of the tavern.
“And who are you?” asked Hughenon.
“I am the mayor of this village.” replied the man in a defiant tone.
Hughenon went to the plucky looking mayor and grabbed him by one of his ear.
“Is that so? You better be sure of your statement you plump swine because if you are wrong you will lose the very ear I am holding in my hand, is that understood!” yelled Hughenon pulling on it.
“Yes of course sire! We do not want to disappoint the Queen! She is everything to us.” replied the mayor trying to get free from the soldier’s grip.
“Tell your men to tend to our horses. They are thirsty and hungry!” as Hughenon released the grip for the mayor's ear.
“Yes sire, as you command!” replied the town official.
The mayor clapped his hands and gesture to waiters of the inn to tend to the lord and his friend.
One of the servant rushed outside to the horses scrambling thru the door full of the Queen`s knight and went straight to gather some help.
“It looks like we have a lot of money flowing in this tavern Mayor. I gather we may not have visited your town in a long time.” said Hughenon looking around.
“Is it not tax season?” asked Hughenon looking at the masked figure with him.
The masked figure nodded.
“Taxes my lord? We just paid not even a month ago.” exclaimed the mayor.
“Oh! Really?!” roared Hughenon, with a defiant tone.
“I hope you are not telling everyone that I am a liar. I would consider this an affront and I would really hate that my dear Mayor.” snarled Hughenon looking at his men who had stepped in the inn hand on their sword.
“I would not dream of such an insult to you sire!” insisted the mayor shaking in fear.
“Then gather the yearly payment of gold for the Queen. I want fresh ale for my men also. Free of course!” laughed the knight.
The mayor went outside, yelled out for help and made a few gestures. Some men from the village came to him. Talking to the group the mayor told them that if they did not pay, their heads would surely roll on the floor.
On these words, everybody ran to different parts of town and came back with bags filled to the brim with valuable items and grains of all kinds. Within an hour a big pile of silver and gold and other trinkets were in the court of the tavern.
Hughenon who was supervising this while drinking ale was most impressed with the donation he was seeing in front of him.
“Your town is very generous Mayor. This looks like a decent pile of tax money to me.” said Hughenon.
He suddenly grabbed the mayor by the collar.
“I won't tell the Queen about this affront you made to her by hiding this tax money but this will serve as a decent fine for what your town did. Better this than have your head chopped off, don’t you think?” Hughenon laughed madly scaring the lot of onlookers.
“Now put these on our horses and your wagon, we have some traveling to do.” he said.
Nobody argued, the bags were tied to the horse and the rest of the loot put in the mayor’s wagon and the soldiers left. They traveled for a bit and when they were outside the village Hughenon talked to a few of the knights following him.
“Accompany the Queen's scout to the castle and defend her with your life. Your heads will roll if anything should happen to the outrider!” ordered Hughenon to the knights.
Hughenon turned his horse around and went to the figure.
“I will continue the search for now. I will see you in a few days.” said Hughenon leaving with the rest of his soldiers.
As ordered a group of soldiers joined the mysterious figure, taking the treasure wagon with them and heading towards the castle.
A few miles away at the village this most unfortunate turn of event had dire consequences on the village as the mayor was running around.
“We are ruined!” cried the mayor.
“They took everything, even my wagon. How are we going to pay our debts to the other villages and buy food we need for the winter.” he continued.
“The Queen and her men have been abusing everyone for the longest of times. We cannot keep going like this forever.” added one villager to the mayor.
“I hope the gods hear your words my friends and send us a savior.” said the mayor to his friend.
Time passed and Hughenon accompanied by his soldiers were traveling to yet another village. While galloping a soldier asked Hughenon if he believed that the creature was in those parts.
“We must find it if it hides here.” said Hughenon to the knight.
Not too far away on the branch of a tall tree, an eagle was watching the scene unfold before him.
Blair was the eyes of the council of animal villages around the kingdom. He was their master spy. The eagle was flying all over the realm to gather information about the soldiers and their movements. He would report his findings to the council in case something bad was going to happen to prevent tragedy. He had been watching the Queen’s soldier for many months now and where they were going recently.
“Things are developing faster than they should be. I do not like this.” Blair thought to himself.
The eagle turned around to his friend beside him. Crockett, a crow, whom followed Blair everywhere.
“You will report the soldier’s activity to the village of Richmond.”
“When you are done with your report, come back to Abramka please.” said Blair.
“Yes sir, it shall be done as you wish.” replied Crockett.
He lifted his wings and started to flap himself away.
“Good boy! I will talk to you later Crockett!” Blair shouted to his friend.
Chapter 4
Blair flew south for an hour and landed in the marketplace of Abramka. He proceeded to head towards Gaspar's Hutt. Once there, he knocked on the door.
A loud “Who is it?!” resounded from beyond the door.
“It is I, Blair! I bring you news from the realm.” he replied.
“Please come in! It is open friendly visitor!” the voice answered on the other side of the door.
Blair opened the door and proceeded into Gaspar's hut. From the outside it looked like a meager shanty but once inside it was roomy, inviting. Gaspar was cooking some food in a pot over a fire stove built at the end of his hut. The place was filled with stacks of books and in a corner was a small lab with many odd looking contraptions.
“Would you care for a spot of tea, my friend?” asked Gaspar to Blair who had sat down on a chair at the kitchen table.
“Ah, my friend, you know all too well that I can’t refuse your hospitality. Your tea is delicious, best tea in the kingdom I must say.” replied Blair.
Blair watched Gaspar continue cooking his meal after being serve this most reinvigorating cup of tea.
“You know that the time is coming Gaspar. Soon Alexander will have to fulfill his destiny.” said Blair.
“I know old friend.” replied Gaspar while stirring his meal.
“He is so young. How can we put such a burden on his shoulders.” said Gaspar.
“And yet, we must do this to save everyone.” added Blair with a darker tone.
“Things must change, justice must be made. Everyday people die for the Queen's mad quest for eternity and power.”
Blair paused, saddened by memories of old times, dark times.
“You remember what happened to us long ago Gaspar!” continued Blair.
“We were brave and foolish young soldiers who thought we could oppose her and look at what we have become now. So many battle and friends lost to her mad ways.” continued Blair as he took a sip of tea.
“Yes Blair, I understand. Nothing of what happened was right. But we are at peace with Mother Nature. If only I could just find a way to make the veil hold forever. Our problems would be resolved.” replied Gaspar.
“At peace Gaspar? Please tell me you have not abandoned the dream, everything must be made right again and the veil is not going to last forever as you said so yourself.” exclaimed Blair a bit angered.
“People deserve the truth and a normal life again. For the memory of our ancestors who suffered before us and those suffering right now, please, don't tell me you have given up. You are the wisest of all of us, the time of redemption is coming. We can defeat her Gaspar! Avenge our ancestors.” continued Blair.
“Yes, maybe we can Blair, but at what cost? Do we dare try again?” responded Gaspar still stirring his wooden spoon in the kettle over the fire.
“Gaspar, I fly everyday over the kingdom, north to south, east to west. She is looking for him, and not only that, she is pillaging the human villages and removing anyone who gets in her way. Whole villages are burned to the ground.” replied Blair.
“I have not forgotten about our lost ones my friend but she is overwhelming us with her resources. She is like the tidal wave, all consuming.” answered Gaspar.
“Perhaps Gaspar, but her ritual is to be taken soon. She is on the verge of the renewal and now would be our time to strike. We finally have the weapon to defeat her. We have to get her at her weakest state, when she is vulnerable.” said Blair.
“And what are the other council members saying about this?” asked Gaspar as he was pouring some spices in the boiling mixture.
“Crockett is on his way to Richmond to let them know of the latest developments. I am sure their own messengers will spread the word around to the other villages. The time for action must be soon.” implored Blair.
“Perhaps Blair, let me check our calendar.” said Gaspar.
Gaspar moved away from his stove and steered towards an old trunk in another part of his house. He opened it and started looking for an item.
“Ah, there it is.” he said after a few moments.
He took out an old parchment out of the trunk and he proceeded to the table supported by his staff. He unfurled the old document and put it on the table. The document was covered in old symbols.
“What are you seeing in those scriptures Gaspar?” asked Blair.
“It appears that you are right Blair. The time is approaching according to this ancient calendar system and it seems we have a good month before the renewal ritual.” replied Gaspar.
“Does she have everything she needs to perform the ritual Gaspar?” asked Blair.
“She usually does by this time Blair. However, we have an advantage that no one knows about. We have Alexander, the weapon.” replied Gaspar.
“I just hope he is ready for this.” said Blair.
“Yes, he will be. Trust me!” replied Gaspar.
“Dear god. I hope you are right my friend. For the sake of everyone in the kingdom, we must resolve this once and for all, with or without him.” said Blair.
“Trust me old friend, I have a surprise for our dear old witch Queen, a surprise she will never forget!” replied Gaspar.
Gaspar rolled the manuscript and put it back in the chest.
“Come now Blair, tell me everything about the latest events at the castle. I need as much info as I can.” said Gaspar.
Time passed by and night came.
Crockett landed in the village early in the next morning. Everyone was still asleep. The crow proceeded to Gaspar's Hutt and knocked on the door.
“Please let me in, I have grave news to report.” he said.
“Wait a second!” yelled Gaspar from behind the door.
After a few minutes Gaspar opened the door and let Crockett in.
“What is it son? What is happening?” asked Gaspar puzzled.
“They attacked the human village of apple shire sir Gaspar! The village was destroyed. The villagers tried to protect themselves. They resisted but the troops of the Queen just torched everything to the ground. Most of the villagers were spared but now they are left with nothing. No home or shelter.” replied Crockett visibly upset.
“See! I told you Gaspar!” as Blair who had passed the night over at Gaspar’s woke up from the commotion.
“She is growing more impatient and will not take any chances.” exclaimed Blair.
Gaspar turned to Blair.
“That is why we are here Blair. Our ancestors were wise men and decided to hide us in the best possible ways. It is too bad that Samlinel has disappeared.”
“Who was Samlinel?” asked Crockett.
“Samlinel was our protector my dear friend. He was our savior.”
“Savior?” replied Crockett.
“Samlinel was the mage that turned us all in animals when the Queen's soldiers destroyed our villages.” replied Blair.
“You mean to say that I am not a crow?” said Crockett surprised at this development.
“Yes and no.” answered Blair.
“You were born a crow but many generations before you, your family was human.” continued Blair.
“That’s impossible!” shouted Crockett, “How can this be? It makes no sense!”
“We have no attachment to them. We owe them nothing. We can't possibly be like those vile humans!” Crockett screamed in frenzy.
“Crockett, please calm down! The story is true. The villages that are hidden in the woods are from human decent.” continued Gaspar.
“How is this even possible?” asked Crockett.
“Let me explain.” demanded Gaspar as Crockett started to calm down.
“Samlinel was a powerful mage that lived in one of the villages before the Queen began her reign. He had learned about different magic spells and incantations to help his fellow human. He learned healing, metamorphosis, and potion making amongst things. But things changed drastically, the princess of the realm took to the throne after he father died. Time passed and she acquired a sorcerer named Rashid whom gave her the secret of eternal life thru some magic potion he concocted. She has stayed in power ever since.
However, one day, long ago, her sorcerer had a vision of a creature that would come and destroy her. It was important that this creature was to be destroyed or the queen would lose her throne.”
Gaspar continued.
“Armed with this knowledge, the Queen went on a rampage and destroyed villages after villages in search of the creature much to everyone’s horror. Samlinel could not do anything but watch as the Queen’s men rampaged the villages. He had tried to stop them many times but was overwhelmed by too many men against him and he had to flee. After the soldiers had come and destroyed their dwellings Samlinel would re-assemble as much as the homeless as he could and with his mighty magic staff he transformed each of them in different animals of the forest. That way the Queen could not come back and oppress them again because she would not be able to recognize them. It would also be easier for them to live as animals in the forest rather than human beings.
“After taking care of the people for some time he gathered the mayors of each village he had transformed and had a council with them. He told them that in the near future he would have a weapon of immense power that would defeat the Queen and end her reign. On that day everyone would revert to humans and they would be free. From his mighty magic staff he cast a long lasting spell that would veil their world to the eyes of human beings until such times as was necessary to end the conflict between them and the Queen. Samlinel felt sad that he had to do this but he had no choice.” said Gaspar.
Elsewhere, night had arrived and in the throne room at Lohmeed castle, a most devilish discussion was taking place.
“You did well today Hughenon.” stated the Queen slithering around the throne and finally sitting in it, still wearing the armor she had worn during the day.
“My Queen it was dangerous for you to come with us, even in disguise, there are men whom want grave hill for you.” replied the knight.
“You know that I fear no one Hughenon. I just wanted to see what was going on and in the process we gathered a lot of treasure to boot.” she replied.
“Yes my Queen. Another expedition is scheduled for tomorrow. We will be covering another area.” said the knight.
“Then go prepare lord Hughenon.” commanded the Queen, gesturing at Hughenon to leave her.
“As you wish, I leave you to rest your majesty.” said Hughenon as he left the room leaving the Queen.
That night, leagues away from the castle, everyone in the small village of Abramka had gathered under a big tent. It had been raised to accommodate people who were coming to town to voice their opinions about the recent turn of events.
All the elders of the town were reunited and the room was filled with other adults who wanted to listen to the latest news. When a meeting was called under the tent of the village, it usually meant something big will happen or had happened. There was Gaspar, Blair, George the old goat, Ling the otter. Marianne the skunk was there as well as dozens other members who represented different groups found in the surrounding villages. After a while, the meeting started and Gaspar took voice.
“My friends, we are at the threshold of our destiny.” he said.
“Again we have lost one a town to the evil Queen.” said Gaspar gravely.
There was uproar amongst the crowd. People were surprised and angered at this new twist of events.
“Please calm down everyone. What is done is past. We have to look into the future.” Gaspar continued.
Upon these words one of the elders got up and looked at the crowd around him and started to talk.
“I submit to this assembly that it is time we act upon this! We must find a way to defeat the witch Queen once and for all.” said the old one.
“But how can we act upon this?” asked Marianne sitting in one of the corner of the tent.
“All the signs of the event are falling into places just like it was foretold by our ancestors.” Gaspar replied.
“We cannot ignore them, they were made to guide and save us. We must act with the information we have.” he continued.
“How can you be so sure?” asked George, one of the other elders.
“The rejuvenation ritual of the Queen is soon to be, my friend. We have to stop it. Do you want us to fall yet again under another fifty years of Queen Joanka's rule. We do not want our children to grow in fear and let her continue to rampage and pillage our land. We are lucky that there is still a spell hiding our villages from view of her soldiers.” said Gaspar.
“ The veil that was brought up by Samlinel the mage many decades ago is fading away. Once it is gone, the humans will be able to see where everyone is. The knights of the Queen will be able to find and exterminate us.” said Gaspar.
“Rubbish! This is just speculation to instill fear amongst us Gaspar. What proof do you have on this?” an elder yelled.
“I have no proof on this but the knights have the mission to find a being described as the fabled one. This being has the ability to destroy the Queen. Anyone remotely resembling this fabled one's description will be caught on sight and brought to the Queen for execution.” said Gaspar.
A big hush fell over the crowd.
“This is grave news Gaspar, this creature and now the veil failing on us. We thought the veil was permanent!” responded Marianne concerned.
“I have been taking measurements with my arcane tools and they show that the shield is slowly going away. Soon it will be gone and the soldier will be able to find us and destroy us all Marianne.” Gaspar replied.
“We are racing against time now. We are being threatened from all sides and we have to resolve this once and for all. We have no choice but to take a stand.” exclaimed Gaspar going around the tent steadying himself on his staff.
“We must mount an attack against her at this upcoming ritual or we are all lost. It has to be within the next few weeks before the Queen drinks her magic potion.” said Gaspar.
“Are you sure of this Gaspar? You are asking a lot of us if such is the case!” complained Ming.
“There is barely time to prepare for this Gaspar!” exclaimed Ming concerned.
“My friends, I am telling you that this will be our last chance at getting this done for all will be lost after if we do not act.” replied Gaspar.
“How many times have you heard the stories of those who failed against Joanka. Time and time again people have tried to dethrone her and they have not succeeded. How can a bunch of animals do this impossible task if humans were not able to succeed?” asked Ming.
“We cannot sit idly by and let faith serve us an unkind destiny!” replied Gaspar trying to convince the council.
The elders and the crowd behind them were pondering on the decision to make. They all knew that these were true word and they were going to be hard times ahead. Sacrifices would need to be made for the sake of everyone.
“We will have another meeting on this at my hut in a few days. The elders from the other towns that could not make it will be there as well. At that time, we will be able to discuss a strategy in order to vanquish the Queen. I have to warn them about the depletion of their own village's veil and the consequences of this.” said Gaspar.
“Very well Gaspar. Crockett will depart and invite the other villages’ elders who were not here tonight.” said Blair.
“Yes I will go warn them right away!” replied Crockett.
“A lot depends on you Crockett. We need all the help we can get. If you need anything please let me know.” exclaimed Gaspar to Crockett.
Crockett stepped out of the tent and took flight in the sky.
After a few other exchanges the crowd left the tent and went to their home, discussing the events of the meeting that had just taken place. Many people were uncertain on what to do or worried about what would happen if the veil indeed failed. It was a huge decision to take up a fight with the Queen and a lot of people seemed to not being able to make their mind about this. Others were thinking about the amount of lives that may be lost. The lack of details also did not help in understanding what was really going on.
“This could turn real bad for us!” exclaimed the mayor of the village to a group he was talking to.
On the next day Crockett had traveled from village to village to warn the other towns of what was happening and what was needed of them. Word spread quickly and the other elders with their aids started to head towards Abramka to go see what the commotion was about. A few days passed and people started to flow in into the village where another meeting was about to take place.
They were greeted by the dignitaries of the village and they were invited to Gaspar's hut that night. The assembly began.
“Good evening all. I thank you all for coming to this meeting. Gaspar will now give you all the details of what has to transpire.” said Blair introducing the old raccoon.
“Thank you Blair and my thanks to you also for coming here on such short notice my good friends.” responded Gaspar.
“Elders, member of this assembly, we will need to assemble a group of warriors to travel to the castle of Queen Joanka and attack her. The Queen's rejuvenation ritual is very soon and we need to end her reign once and for all.” continued Gaspar.
Charles council member of the village of Ishma rose from his chair.
“What is the nature of your expedition Gaspar? We have heard all kinds of rumors about this and we cannot find any rhymes or reasons to them. We heard that the veil protecting our villages is going away and that you want to launch a full scale attack against the Queen. Why do you want to attack her?” asked Charles.
Gaspar walked around the table to respond to the group.
“I am sure by now that everyone has heard that Queen Joanka can be defeated.” said Gaspar.
“Yes!” shouted one of the elders as he rose up to talk to the assembly.
“The older people know the tale of the fabled one coming in and delivering us from the tyranny of the Queen, but this tale is just that, a fable made up to amuse kids and give hope to the hopeless. Many generations went by and so far and there is no sign indicating to us that things will change." said the elder.
“Look around you Gaspar, we are all here worried sick for our children and you talk about a savior that does not even exists.” he continued.
“You have so little faith my friends.” continued Gaspar, “Very well then, as you know we have been living in relative peace for some time but these days will soon be over if we do not act.” continued Gaspar.
“We can defeat the Queen, but we need to do it very carefully.” continued the old raccoon.
Everyone in the crowd looked at each other wondering what Gaspar meant.
“To defeat the Queen, we need to infiltrate her castle and stop her rejuvenation ritual. By doing this she will be destroyed and all dangers that we face from her will go away. We have to be more subtle in our approach. Let me show you what we need to do.” continued Gaspar, retrieving an old document from an old leather storage tube he took out of a chest.
Gaspar opened a few old parchments in front of the assembly and put them on his table. Gaspar continued his plea for help.
“Over time and thru my travels I have gathered much information about the Queen. It took me the longest of times to gather all of this information and I think I may have found a way to get rid of her one and for all.” said Gaspar.
He unfolded another document and placed it on the table. It looked like a map of some kind. Pointing at a specific part of one document Gaspar showed something that amazed the assembly.
“Look at this!” Gaspar exclaimed to the crowd pointing at some weird drawings on the map.
“The castle has tunnels under it. Not a lot of people know about this. I acquired this knowledge while on an expedition many years ago. Its entrance seems to be close to a very old derelict statue in the O’Leary forest a few hundred leagues from here. This tunnel could potentially get us in the castle without knowledge by the Queen. We could strike a fatal blow to her.” he continued.
“We have to find the entry point and verify the tunnel. If it is ok then we could get in and do an attack during her ritual. We also need more details about the inside of the castle. The information I have is not nearly as much as I would like to have.” said Gaspar.
“That is where we come in play.” said Blair. “We will go spy on the castle as best as we can and bring back schematics. With this information we will be able to create a plan to make a diversion while Gaspar and his group get to the throne room where the ritual happens and stop it. We need to map out the castle as much as we can to plan our attack successfully. We will have to do this in the next following moonless nights to avoid detection. We could bring in a few mice with us so that they can infiltrate the castle and map the inside of it.” continued Blair to the assembly.
“Yes, that would be a good idea.” replied Gaspar.
“I will ask Imrin and his gang of mice miners to help us out. They are used to working in dark places and it will be easy for them to wade thru the castle and gather the information we need.” replied Blair.
“I don't think they will be having any problems. They are expert at what they do and are a delight to work with. The only part that might cause problems is the flying part to get quickly to the castle. They don't really like flying but there are a few brave mice in the group that are willing to do anything to do a change for the better.” continued Blair.
Gaspar was pleased at the turn of events.
“Very good Blair. I will rely on your wisdom for that part of our plan. A lot depends on how much we understand the castle and how fast we gain access to the Queen during her ritual. We have to cause as much commotion as possible so we can distract the guards and get to the castle throne room and confront the Queen without too much interference. It is a once in 50 year chance that we cannot afford to miss since the veil is failing on us. We must attack and defeat her by any means necessary.” continued Gaspar.
Charles the old goat rose from his seat, furious and driving his cane down on the floor.
“How can we be sure that this tunnel exists?! It might just be a lie that might turn against us with dire consequences. I submit to this assembly that this enterprise is foolish and should not be undertaken.” he added.
“This is too dangerous. The Queen’s guards will simply tear us apart and we will be left defeated and vulnerable from the rest of the humans. We have to find another way to deal with this.” continued Charles.
Gaspar sighed then looked at the old goat.
Charles then turned around to the crowd at hand like he was in some great theater act, playing his part as the de facto villain.
“To the Queen, we are just treasure to loot for her own gain. She wants to expand her territory and to do that she needs more money and power. So she needs to pillage and loot her lands. That is why we have to suffer the many rampages around us.”
Gaspar looked at the crowd with a plea motion, trying to make them understand the gravity of the situation.
“There are many others in the kingdom in the past that did not even have a chance at life because of the Queen’s evil ways, human or non-human. We cannot defy the laws of Mother Nature but we can defy those who place themselves above god and decide who lives and who does not.” said Gaspar.
“Do you want this abomination to continue her rule of terror? Do you want to see our very sons and daughter disappear forever never to be seen again because of her? Our destiny is forced by many things at this time. Please understand this. She will not stop until she reaches her goals! Whether we go against her now or let her come towards us, we will need to face her soon no matter what!”
“Umpph!”growled Charles as he sat down.
“Your comments are wise as always. Gaspar, what else will this require of us to make sure that this expedition will succeed?” asked Blair
“I just need your approval and I need to recruit any able souls from all of our villages in order to bring the fight to the dark Queen.” replied Gaspar.
Charles stood up and took a long gaze at Gaspar. He was trying to decipher the words Gaspar just spoke and trying to weigh the consequences of agreeing to this.
“Let us talk about this amongst ourselves Gaspar.” said Charles – “We will retire now and consult each other over this. We will inform you of our decision in the morning.”
As people were getting out of the tent, Charles went to see Gaspar.
“I am pretty sure you have won the elders favor for your plan and I will put a good word for your plan even if I disagree with it. We just need to consult on this with the other council members to make sure everyone fully understand what is happening and the reasons of your quest.” said Charles.
Gaspar put his paw on Charles's shoulder.
“I know Charles. You are a good friend and I will not forget this.” replied Gaspar.
“Then go to sleep soundly my good friend and may your dreams be good ones.” said Charles.
The group got out and the members of the assembly headed to the inn to discuss those strange events.
Ramper and Alexander were waiting outside Gaspar’s house anxiously. Then has the last men got out, they stepped into the hut trying to find Gaspar.
“So, what happened?” asked Ramper who was running in place all excited.
“We have to wait until tomorrow morning for the decision of the members of the assembly. It looks favorable. Let us go to sleep and we will wait for their decision tomorrow.” replied Gaspar to the little squirrel.
Night went away and the next day came. Mel the rooster woke up the small village at the first signs of sunlight.
After breakfast Charles went to see Gaspar. He was followed by a bunch of curious onlookers. At Gaspar’s home, he quickly knocked the door and opened it.
“Are you there Gaspar?” asked Charles in an inquisitive tone.
“Yes, I am” replied Gaspar who appeared from his kitchen.
“Can I sit down Gaspar? My old legs are tired.” replied Charles.
“Please do and here is a cup of tea old friend.” said Gaspar as he gave the cup and spoon to his old friend.
“Good news, the elders have agreed to your mission. They will also dispatch resources for you to help you succeed. We all agree that this is extremely dangerous and that you will be outnumbered in many ways but you have our full support. The ancestors would be proud of your courage on this.” replied Charles, drinking his tea.
“Don't worry, they know.” replied Gaspar drying his dishes with a cloth.
Charles continued as he took a sip and paused. - “At the council's decision we will send William the wolf leader to help you out. You will need him and his band. They can handle themselves pretty well in a hard fight. He is already here and wants to take a look at your plan.”
“Well, I must say that this is extremely good news. We need all the help we can get. I know William. He is courageous and a well-respected leader. No one will doubt his words and leadership.” Gaspar replied.
“When will you go Gaspar?” asked Charles.
“We have to leave soon. The ritual is just a week away now. We have a great distance to cover and we have to get there in time. That is the most important thing now, all that matters.” replied Gaspar.
Charles got up.
“Then everything is set. May we finally succeed old friend, I wish the best on your endeavor.” said Charles as he shook Gaspar’s hand.
Charles left and Gaspar finished dressing up. A short while later he went out to greet everyone who was already at work to prepare for the odyssey.
There was some weird feeling going around the town like something tremendous was going to happen. There were several different groups in the square preparing for the expedition. They were packing different things for what they had to do.
Gaspar went around helping as many people as possible making sure that everything was all right for everyone.
William had gathered most of the wolves in the middle of the square.
Gaspar went to greet him as soon as he saw him.
“I am very happy to see you again William!” exclaimed Gaspar as he shook his paw.
“It has been a long time sir.” replied the wolf.
“Yes, too long old friend. Our previous encounters with the dark Queen will have not been in vain. This time we have the means to defeat her and restore freedom and give final peace to our loved ones we lost along the way.” replied Gaspar to the wolf leader.
“Yes, the times are right for everything. It makes me remember our fights many ages ago with that dark witch Queen. We are ready to go. I have to gather a few more fighters along the way and later we will meet at the castle. In a few days if all goes well. I hope you succeed Gaspar!” added William.
“You too William. A big part of the plan falls upon your shoulders. You will be our main offensive and everything you will do will count in large amounts towards our victory.” replied Gaspar.
“Do not fear my friend! We won't fail you. After all, we do have a few scores to settle with our dear Queen and I intend to not disappoint her this time around.” replied William.
A few hours passed and a big huge ritual in the market took place. Peter the mayor gave a great speech about their courage and promised them that they would forever be remembered as heroes.
Chapter 5
William returned to his companions after the end of the speech.
“Are you ready my friends? If so, let us go. We have much road to travel and time is precious.” he said to the members of the groups assembled around him.
William left as Gaspar watched them go out in the forest. The wolves quickly disappeared out of sight. Looking towards the sky Gaspar uttered these words.
“They are brave and fearless. They have paid a high price in the past to be able to get to this fight. I do not want to let them down. Let the gods give us hope so that we all succeed.”
After a few hours of making sure everyone was ready, Gaspar, Lena and Alexander left accompanied by a few wild cats. They acted has carriers for the things that they needed to use on their trip. Other companions were also dispatched with them as defenders in case of an attack.
As they were leaving Gaspar looked at his map and said:
“We have to head towards these peeks that we see there in the far distance. They are close to the lake and castle. The entry to the tunnel must be at the base of those mountains. From my understanding of this map, the tunnel actually runs under the lake. This is the way to get across the defenses of the castle.” Gaspar said to the group as they started walking.
And so their quest began, the group left town single file, one behind each other.
Hours passed and Alexander was making conversation with Gaspar who was in front of him.
“Are those mountains you talked about actually far from here Gaspar?” said Alexander.
“Well the map indicates a good distance Alexander. It looks like it is going to take us a few days to get there if we do not run into any problems that is.” Gaspar replied.
“What do you expect when we get there Gaspar?”
“I hope the information I have is right or all is lost. We cannot afford to have anything go wrong otherwise our attack on the castle will be defeated by the Queen.”
“Why did you bring me along Gaspar? I am not a fighter. There were a lot of people in town more capable than me to help you.” said Alexander.
“In reality you are quite special son. You possess a power that will change the destiny of many people around you. Let me explain.” said Gaspar.
“Ages ago, Samlinel gave the power of the Andras stone to your great grandfather Feredon. This stone was magical as it possessed the ability to negate any evil spells used by a witch or evil sorcerer.”
As they got into denser forest Gaspar continued his story.
“Samlinel went on a quest to obtain that stone and defeat Joanka the evil Queen. After a perilous journey he finally acquired the stone. However on his way home he was ambushed and suffered great injuries at the hands of a thief and could not continue to travel. The thief had noticed them earlier when they had stopped in a village while they were travelling. He decided to follow them until he finally sprung a trap on the duo to rob them of any riches they might have had. Samlinel had left his guard down and got caught by surprise by an arrow on his side. To save the stone from falling into wrong hands he used his own magic to channeled the transfer the stone’s power into your great grandfather. The stone’s powers were more important than its actual physical value.”
Samlinel told Feredon to flee so that the secret of the power of the stone would not fall into the thief’s hands.
Broken hearted Feredon left Samlinel as requested and never saw him again.
Time passed and this tale was all but forgotten.
In more recent times, I befriended your parents before you were born and they told me the tale about what happened to their ancestor many ages ago. Out of curiosity I started to do some research on this tale and I was able to discover that the person who had the magic of the stone within him would display it thru a physical trait.”
“No one had the trait so far until you.” said Gaspar.
“What?” said Alexander surprised – “I don’t understand Gaspar, what is special about me?” he continued.
“Have you ever noticed that you have odd looking hair?” replied Gaspar.
“Yes, I guess so.” replied Alexander, a bit surprised at the question.
“Everyone teases me that it shines when I am in the sunlight. Like the reflection of a piece of polished gold coin.” replied the bunny.
“I was puzzled at this myself for the longest time and I have done research on this. I have collected some of your hair that have fallen of and studied them with my alchemic instruments. The strands of hair show tremendous amounts of magical energies similar to the Andras’ stone powers. However the hair degrades very rapidly and so does the magic. So I need to bring you along to have a fresh piece of hair to put in the potion to destroy the queen. We need to have the magic at its full potential to finish the Queen.” continued Gaspar.
Alexander replied - “I am sorry Gaspar. I really do not understand what is going on.”
Gaspar answered – “Long ago, Queen Joanka came into power. Her rule was cruel and after some time people eventually started to rebel against her and try to overthrow her. Legend said that there was a magic stone called the stone of Andras that could defeat her. It had been hidden so that it’s power would not fall in her hands.”
Gaspar continued - “Within your hair is the power of the Andras stone. If you drop some of your hair in the potion that the Queen wants to drink, it will negate its evil power. The Queen will not be able to perform a ritual she does every 50 years to keep herself eternal and she will be destroyed once and for all and everyone will be free at last.”
“You have become one of the most vital part in the attack that we are planning because of the tremendous powers you have within you. With your powers you can save countless lives.” continued Gaspar.
“I don’t know what to think of all this Gaspar. This is hard to believe. Why did you keep this secret from me?” asked Alexander with a disappointed tone.
Gaspar looked at the bunny - “All I wanted is to protect you and make sure nothing happened to you. That is why I was so strict with you all these times. As any living thing when you grew up you became a little bit more reckless and I had to make sure you were safe at all times. The more you grew, the more magic of the stone is concentrated within your hair. Your particular physical ability had to be at its peak to be able to destroy the Queen. We simply could not risk losing you. There was too much at stake.” said Gaspar.
“How can you be sure that my power is ready Gaspar?” replied Alexander.
“Well we don’t have much of choice now I must say. Time is against us and we have to succeed in destroying the potion the queen will drink.” replied Gaspar.
The old raccoon continued - “I know that all of this is strange and hard to believe but all the answers to your questions will come in due time. Please let us continue and empty your mind of any worries. I am here to protect you.” said Gaspar.
And on these words, our heroes walked for a dozen leagues, traveling without incident or problems. Night finally caught up with the travelers. Gaspar gestured to halt the troop.
“We have to stop for now. It is too dangerous to be traveling in the dark. Let’s set up shelter here for the night.” said Gaspar.
People went about gathering wood and others things and in a short time everyone had set up camp to protect themselves.
Later that night Lena and Alexander were sitting together finishing their meal and preparing their kits for the next day. Alexander was trying to ask her questions to help strike a conversation.
“It must be hard to go to school and work with your dad the rest of the day?” asked Alexander.
“Yes it is, since mother died. I have had to help father gather things for the winter. It is a lot of work and it takes a lot of my days away.” Lena replied.
“I never knew my parents. I am an orphan and I was raised by Gaspar.” replied Alexander looking into the fire in front of them.
“He has always been very kind to me and all. He thought me everything I know. But yet I feel so empty. It is hard to explain.” Alexander continued.
“Yes Gaspar is very dear and special to all of us. He is funny to listen to in class when he teaches us.” replied Lena.
Hours passed by in conversations and they finally decided to go to sleep.
Another day came and our adventurers started to travel early to try to do as much distance as possible. Time passed and the group was making progress but the forest was getting thicker for them. It was harder for them to get oriented because a lot of things were obstructing their view.
“Is everyone ok?” asked Gaspar to the ones travelling with him.
“Yes we are.” replied Alexander who was a bit behind to watch over the others to make sure they would not run into any problems.
“Good” replied Gaspar as he continued walking, surveying the ground before them and looking at his map.
Some time passed and strangely the forest started to get clearer for some reason.
“This is real odd!” exclaimed Alexander.
“All dense forest and now we barely have any trees.” he continued.
“Yes this is quite strange” replied Gaspar, “We better be on our guard. Something is amidst.”
“Keep an eye out for odd or weird things. If you see anything, pass this information along to us. Spread the word to the others.” continued Alexander.
Meanwhile elsewhere, the malefic Hughenon was riding with his men. He stopped and got off his steed to stretch out.
“So what do we have so far today Arnstaad?” asked Hughenon as he drank some water from his water pouch.
Arnstaad approached him with a map deployed.
“We have covered this part of the map sire. We have nothing so far that seems to point to a clue as to where we need to go or look for the fabled one.” said Arnstaad.
“This is not good Arnstaad. We must double our efforts Arnstaad! Search everywhere! We must find the fabled one. I don't care what your men have to do. We need to find this abomination so we can end this madness once and for all. Send some men here, around Gregoire’s pass and another group at the mountain of storms. The rest of us will continue elsewhere. Let’s go!” replied Hughenon.
The group mounted up again and started galloping towards their designated destinations.
Not too far way our group of adventurers had gone deeper in the dense and dark forest. Alexander was very pre-occupied as he knew that a lot of things depended on him. The hope and faith of many villages were riding on the groups’ findings and his ability to defeat the Queen. They simply could not fail them.
A few leagues later our heroes came to halt. In front of them was a road that seemed to lead somewhere. Gaspar took his map out and read it again.
“Ah, there it is!” said Gaspar - “Let us follow this road. It should lead us to cross Gregoire’s pass.”
Thus, the band followed the road for some time.
“Wow, this road sure seems old, it looks like it has been abandoned.” said Alexander.
“Yes, this used to be an old trade route but it was abandoned in favor of shorter travel paths.” replied Gaspar.
The group travelled for half an hour when they came to an abrupt halt. They were facing a great divide in the land. As if someone had divided the country in two. The canyon was several hundred feet deep. Everyone was one the side looking down in amazement.
“This is Gregoire’s pass. The only way to the other side of the canyon is thru that bridge that has been built ages ago.” explained Gaspar.
Everyone in the group turned their gaze to a weird construction that seemed to join the two sides of the great divide. The bridge in itself was a marvel to behold as it had been constructed on magic pillars that supported the bridge in thin air.
“Wow, this is amazing!” exclaimed Alexander to Gaspar.
“Yes, this is quite spectacular. A great wizard cast a spell to build this bridge many centuries ago when people built this road. The merchants wanted to unite both sides of the kingdom for easy access and to do trade. Now this bridge has been abandoned and almost no one use this because people found other roads and ways around this divide. But we do not have much of choice. We have to go across because this is the only course to get to the tunnel in time. We must cross it. The time we will save by crossing this bridge is too valuable to not take advantage of.” said Gaspar.
“I do not like it. It looks dangerous!” argued Lena.
“Don't worry child. It is perfectly safe. This was built very tough and made to withstand a lot of travelers and heavy traffic in the times it was used. A lot of amazing things and people crossed that bridge when it was heavily used.” replied Gaspar.
Not too far away from the bridge one of lord Hughenon knights who had been sent to this area was scouting the horizon for signs of their objective. He was looking left and right trying to decipher what he was seeing when suddenly he looked at the bridge and saw the most incredible of sights. Before him, funny little animals were crossing Gregoire’s pass bridge and in the group, one of the animals had a lock of hair that was golden. It made a distinct reflection in the sun and was hard to miss.
This sight made the guard stumble back and he ran to his horse and saddle up.
“By the devil’s beard! This is it!” the guard thought to himself.
He pulled hard on his horse's rein and started galloping. After a few minutes of crazy horse riding the man reached his group.
“My lord, my lord!” screamed the knight, halting his horse before Hughenon and his group whom had stopped a few moments before as they heard the man coming from afar.
“What is it soldier, have you gone mad on us?” asked Hughenon, visibly upset by the man’s behavior.
“Forgive me my lord. I think I have found what we are looking for.” hissed the soldier out of breath.
“What are you talking about soldier?!” asked Hughenon surprised.
“There is a creature that resembles the description of what we have been looking for my lord!” said the rider.
“Where is this sight! Talk!” exclaimed Hughenon trying to relax his nervous horse.
“Not far from here.” replied the soldier.
“Quick lad, bring us to this creature!” Hughenon replied.
“Yes, my lord!” replied the soldier.
The rest of the group started galloping at high speed towards the bridge. A few minutes later, they were at their destination. Hughenon gestured to the group.
“Halt, all of you! Dismount and keep quiet!” said Hughenon.
Everyone stopped and dismounted from their rides as ordered.
Hughenon gestured his men to go in the bushes, out of sight.
He peeked thru them and looked at the little band of animals that were crossing the bridge.
“This is strange, animals walking and dressed as human?! What the hell is this, have the gods gone mad on us?” asked Hughenon to his knights behind him.
A few hundred yards away, on the bridge Alexander had a strange feeling as they were crossing the long bridge.
“I don't like this!” interjected Alexander - “Everything is so quiet, and something is not right Lena. It feels like someone is watching us.”
“Please keep going friends. We do not have much time to get to the mountains. We have several days of traveling ahead of us and cannot afford to be discovered on this bridge. Hurry!” exclaimed Gaspar.
And they set forth, continuing to cross the bridge.
In the brushes not too far away one of the soldiers had pulled his sword out.
“Should we attack now my lord? They are easy prey!” the soldier said, ready to go.
“Have you lost reason, not now you fool!” chastised Hughenon pointing at his men to stay behind him.
“Don’t you realize that animals are faster than humans. We have to surprise them so as they do not escape us. If we attack now they will disperse. We will lose them. For now, we will keep our distance and study them. They do not know of our presence and night is soon coming. They are bound to stop. We will ambush them then.” continued Hughenon.
“Now since all of you are so eager to do something, mount up, turn around and go warn the Queen.” said the general to the group.
“Arnstaad, you come with me. We will take our armors off to avoid making noise and we will follow these creatures on foot until the time comes that we can easily capture them.” said the Knight.
After his men went away Hughenon and Arnstaad took their respective armors off and got out of the bushes and started walking towards the animals. They made sure to stay hidden within the dense flora looking at the caravan of little animals on the other side of the bridge.
“Phew! We were lucky no one came by when we were crossing!” said Alexander as he sat down after crossing the bridge.
“Yes indeed! Now let us hurry up and get back in the forest. Let’s make haste. It is not safe to stay here in plain sight.” the old raccoon continued.
The little band re-entered the forest following each other like a line of soldiers. They marched for some time under the beautiful summer sun. The hours went by and they finally reached a clearing in the dense forest. A nice little place for a rest it seemed.
“We had better stop here. The night is coming. Alexander, Lena, gather some dead wood so we can build a nice little fire to keep ourselves warm!” said Gaspar.
“Aye, aye Sir!” responded Alexander saluting him like a soldier.
Alexander and Lena started to wander around trying to find some good dry wood while Gaspar was unpacking things to build a temporary shelter for the group. The others were also setting up camp and looking after one another unaware that not far away the evil lord Hughenon was watching with his lieutenant.
“We will wait for the middle of the night Arnstaad. That way they will not be able to escape us. Let us rest in this area. It is well hidden from their view. You start a watch on them and alert me if anything odd happens.”
“The Queen will give us great fortunes for this. We are rich men Arnstaad!” said Hughenon as he sat down to relax.
“Yes my lord!” said Arnstaad who positioned himself to watch the group.
Meanwhile Lena and Alexander were coming back with some burning materials.
“Here you go Gaspar. Some more wood for your fire!” said Alexander.
“Good job Alexander. We will be comfortable tonight. Thank you for your kindness.” replied Gaspar.
Unbeknownst to them not to far away, in a tree, a pair of eye was watching the group. The small shadowy figure was wondering what these strangers were doing in this part of the forest.
“This is not good!” the little figure thought as he climbed down his tree and went deep in the forest.
Time passed by and night came. Sitting around the fire Gaspar was telling tales of chivalry to his little band of adventurers. He had a huge repertoire of tales to tell but one particular story was always the one people wanted to hear about.
“Please, tell us when you fought Grizzka the big black evil bear. I never tire of that tale.” said Alexander to Gaspar.
“Oh, that tale is much exaggerated Alexander. People have embellished the story so much over time that even I can't make out myth and reality now.”
“Please, please do tell us it is so fun to hear.” begged Alexander as he looked around at his other friends to make the situation even more suspenseful.
“Very well then, here goes.” replied Gaspar.
Chapter 6
Gaspar paused for a few moments, gathering his thoughts and then started his tale.
“Long ago I went on an expedition. I needed to make maps of the land around our village to spot the best place for our food gathering for the winter. I had been traveling all day, much like today and decided to set up night camp in a cavern I found. After a few minutes, my temporary shelter was finished. I was just about to go to sleep when a big huge bear came out from the deep bowels of the cavern.” said Gaspar.
“Who dares disturb the house of the great Grizzka!” he bellowed as he came to meet me.
“He was real mad and wondering why I was disturbing his living space.” continued Gaspar.
"I told him that I was mapping the area for food but he did not want to listen to me." said Gaspar.
“I will eat you in one bite little raccoon! Nobody disturbs the great Grizzka without dire consequences!” the huge bear growled.
“He was real mad at me coming towards me with clear evil intent.” continued Gaspar.
“On these words I started to run like a mad raccoon jumping everywhere as he was running behind me. After a few minutes of this impromptu race, he was catching up with me, screaming and growling. I finally managed to get out of the cavern. I jumped into the protection of the woods. Despite my best efforts to evade him, this humongous bear was still behind me.”
“I will teach you to not disturb me. Come on, give up! This will only take a moment or two, I will make it as painless as I can!” growled the mad bear.
“As I was trying to escape, I jumped left and right, trying to get into a tree to hide but as soon as I got into one he slammed it with his huge paws. I fell to the ground and had to jump to another tree to try to escape from him again.” said Gaspar.
“After a while I realized I was getting nowhere close to escape him. Suddenly I had an idea. I stopped and turned around facing the charging bear. I had a sling in my carry all bag of my belt and I took it out. It was all or nothing for me.”
“I will knock you out with a pebble if you do not stop running after me” I shouted to the bear.
“I will get you, don't worry about that!” he shouted as he was getting closer to me, knocking plants and shrubs over.
“I warned you Grizzka, I will do it! I screamed.” said Gaspar.
“Try it you little clown. If you miss, you won't get a second chance!” replied the bear still going for Gaspar.
“I took out a hard pebble at the bottom of my satchel. I put it in the sling and started twirling the sling as hard as I could towards Grizzka as he was coming towards me. I let the projectile go in his direction after a few moments. The pebble went out for him but missed. I was a terrible shot and the pebble hit a hornets' nest above him just in his path. With a godly stroke of luck it broke off the nest and it fell straight on his head as he was passing by. The enraged hornets just went crazy on him.” continued Gaspar.
“He started screaming and running and hit his head a couple of times on different trees that got in his way while he was trying to escape the wrath of the squadron of hornets. He finally disappeared in the forest. A few moments later, I heard a big cry for help. I went into that direction just to see that he had fallen into a rushing river and was being carried away, never to be seen or heard of again.”
“I was greeted as a hero when I came back home when I told that tale because Grizzka had been causing problems for voyagers in that area. I had ridden the region of a threat by pure luck and they celebrated me as a hero. That is about it. I was very young then and learned a harsh lesson about respecting things and people. I was more careful as to where I was laying my head when traveling after that.” said Gaspar.
“Wow that is so cool that you beat Grizzka with just a pebble. I wish I could do that when I am in trouble.” chuckled Alexander applauding.
Gaspar stopped him.
“Now son, you cannot always solve problems with a fight. Sometimes you have to resolve things in a different manner, without violence. A peaceful way is always the best way to go if you can use this venue. I am not proud of what I have done to this poor bear but if he had decided to talk instead of fighting. I would have respected his wishes. He decided to fight so I had to defend myself but fighting does not always end well.” said Gaspar gathering his blanket.
“Ok now, younglings, it is getting late and we have another long day ahead. I want you to go rest. We will need all the strength we can muster to continue. The terrain seems to be rough and hilly from now on. Please get some rest.” continued Gaspar.
Everyone went to their respective shelters, exhausted, wanting to dream the night away. Soon everyone was sound asleep.
Later, a huge shadow started to move towards our friends, getting close, silently inspecting all the shelters one by one. After a few minutes the menacing form jumped into one of the shelters and grabbed Alexander by the ears. Coming out of the shelters the figure started to scream.
“I got him! I got him my lord! We are victorious!” screamed the soldier who had sneaked in the camp.
Hughenon was rushing in and saw Arnstaad holding Alexander in his hands while the rabbit was struggling to get free. Hughenon grabbed Lena who was trying to escape and put her in a bag which he tied up.
A moment later, Hughenon had tied the bag. “There you go little critters, more for the Queen.” Hughenon said. The others rushed out of their shelters.
“Do not do anything rash!” said Gaspar who like the others were helpless in the situation.
“That’s right you critters! Do not do anything or she is going to taste my sword!” replied Hughenon who was waving his sword at the little group while holding Lena in the other hand.
“We have him now and no one will be able to stop us!” said Hughenon.
All of a sudden out of the forest a loud shout was heard.
“Unhand this citizen foul creature or sniff our wrath, ye have been fairly warned!” a voice said.
Looking around him Arnstaad did not know what to do. They were looking for the voice but could not locate it. It seemed to come from nowhere.
“Who dares?!” asked Hughenon screaming at the forest unsure of where that cry came from.
“Come out of the shadow and fight me like a man, so I can make your end quick and painless!” he screamed.
A whistling sound was heard and Hughenon turned to a tree nearby. A strange little creature was standing on a branch and laughing at him.
“Who are you!” screamed Hughenon who was looking at two small faintly glowing orbs in the branches of a tree.
“People call me Francois of the meadow and you have just stepped into territory that does not belong to you vile sir!” replied the voice.
Hughenon enraged raised his sword towards the form in the tree.
“I will make you eat those words little one! You think I am scared? Don’t you even dare toy with me or I will make you regret this bravado of yours!” said Hughenon to the mocking form.
Hughenon could not make out the partially masked creature in the tree but all of a sudden a putrid smell came towards his way. He immediately turned in the opposite direction trying not to vomit.
“Damnation, what is happening? My eyes are burning!” asked Hughenon coughing.
The figure in the tree snapped his fingers and all of a sudden, hundreds of skunks with torches appeared around Arnstaad. One of the skunks got a good shot at him. He immediately dropped Alexander and started running while screaming his head off.
“Run my lord, run these beasts will fowl us until the end of times!” Arnstaad yelled.
“Of all bloody things! I will get this little creature and make him pay dearly this affront to me!” screamed Hughenon.
Hughenon was covering his mouth as he finally dropped the bag that contained Lena while he was running away. They both hurried in the forest, enraged, cursing the course of events that just happened.
Francois the shadowy figure who seemed to be the leader of this group emerged from the tree. He was a little skunk, dressed in brownish clothes with a little wooden sword tucked into his belt. He and his companions moved in on the small group who were attacked.
“What do we have here, I say. Are you ok my good sires?” he asked lifting Alexander up.
“Yes we are all right but they almost took Lena from us. Thanks to your timely intervention my good fellow. No one was captured. I must say we were not really ready for this and we had let our guard down.” said Gaspar.
“Do not worry my good sir, all is well now.” replied Francois
“No one in this part of the forest will come under arm as long as I François of the meadow is in charge!” the little skunk continued.
“That is mighty generous of you. But I am all smelly now.” replied Alexander.
“We will take care of that soon enough young sir. These big bad human are easy to scare away when they are overpowered by the potency of our most powerful weapon. May I ask to know what bring you good travelers to these parts of this forest? It is a far out place to be.” said Francois.
“We are on an expedition to get to the Queen’s castle.” explained Gaspar.
Francois looked thoughtful at the revelation.
“Ah I see. This is an odd quest my dear sir. Well you do not have to be afraid anymore, Francois is here, see?!”
As he said this, Francois took his small wooden sword out and started jumping left and right, back and forth like a crazy man battling a huge group of enemies.
“Take this! Take that!” he yelled as he was swinging his sword frantically. He continued on for several moments.
“My trusted enchanted sword would also have had made them beg for their lives if it had come to that. One trust left, one trust right, a double swing and voila, big bad knight would have met his maker!” said Francois.
Francois was everywhere and nowhere at the same time and then he stopped. Then throwing his arms in the air as in victory he screamed.
“Here you have it, another perfect takedown.”
The little band of critters were surprised and taken into awe by the speed of the sword wielding skunk. Then Francois gestured at his friends to gather around.
“Come now my valiant companions, please let us greet our new guests in this beautiful part of the forest!” said Francois.
Francois’ friends finally came out of their hiding places, all kinds of funny little animal were gathering around him, all dressed up in strange costumes, looking at Gaspar, Alexander and Lena and their friends.
“Look at these fine folks. No wonder some bad people want hill to you!” said Francois.
“Can we at least offer hospitality for the rest of the night my good sir? I am sure that you would want to rest a bit before continuing your odyssey? After those most momentous events you must be awful tired.” continued François pointing at some area of the forest.
“Yes I suppose.” replied Gaspar to Francois who immediately smiled.
“Then, it is a done deal my good sir and you cannot refuse either, I insist! Please allow me and my friends to assist you.” replied the little leader.
Francois started to help the people gather their items.
“Quick, Jean, please help relieve our friends of some of their many luggage so we can easily travel to our camp.” said Francois.
John a little squirrel gestured and a few other animals took some parts of the equipment from Gaspar, Alexander and Lena and mounted them on their own backs. Others gathered gear from the rest of the troops in just a matter of a few minutes.
Then Jean gave the thumbs up that they were all packed up and ready to go.
“Very well then. We are all ready now Sir Francois. Let us make haste!” exclaimed Jean the squirrel.
“Good, off we go then! I will take point to protect milady of course!” exclaimed François pointing in a direction.
Francois started marching up front, arms swinging, having a rhythmic cadence to his walk like a soldier. Over tree stumps, in deep bushes, they traveled gingerly. A few hours later they arrived in a strange little village.
The little band marched to the middle of the camp.
“Company… halt!” shouted Francois all of a sudden.
Most of the group stopped walking and others missed their cue to stop and bumped into each other.
“This is always funny. It never works!” laughed Francois looking at the group.
“There! We are here my good fellows! This is our camp!” said Francois showing the group his village.
“Yes my good sir, it may not look like much but we call it home.” he continued.
“Come, come one and all, please help our good friends. They have been thru a most grievous adventure and need assistance.” said Francois as the denizens of the village walked to the strangers that had come in into their sanctuary.
People started to tend to Gaspar, Lena and Alexander and the others. After a few minutes the band of adventurers was relaxing with good food in their hands.
“Thank you for the food and help good citizens. It will be greatly appreciated by our new found friends.” said François bowing to the crowd gathered around them.
“Tell me older sir, earlier you mentioned the Freemont mountains beyond this forest and a cavern to be found while we were walking. What is the purpose of your quest? These are dangerous areas to travel to. Surely there must be very grave matters to tend to if you are going to that area.” continued François as he was eating.
“We need to find a cavern that will lead the way inside Lohmeed castle. We have to stop the rejuvenation ritual of the evil Queen Joanka.” replied Gaspar.
“Queen Joanka you say? I have vaguely heard about her from the camp’s storyteller when I was younger. I thought these were just tales of fantasy. We have never really seen her to be honest. We are somewhat of a recluse group. This may explain why we don’t understand your story.” replied François.
Gaspar replied - “We are on a quest to stop the evil queen that rules our land. You see, she is cruel ruler and she is destroying anyone that tries to stop her from being on the throne forever. Our situation is dire since our own villages might fall prey to her evil soldiers very soon. They are protected by a magical veil that hides them from human eyes. This veil is rapidly disappearing and when it does the evil Queen will be able to find us and destroy us.”
“Oh my, that is most unpleasant thought sir Gaspar but what is this ritual about my good sir.” asked François.
“Well Francois, once every 50 years the Queen gets her sorcerer to prepare a magic potion that she drinks to stop her aging process thus keeping her in power and reigning on her kingdom. What we want to do is sabotage the potion by putting in ingredient at the last moment. We estimate that it would destroy its magic abilities and the Queen would fall from old age as well as her sorcerer who prepares the potion for her. As you can see they are both using the potion to keep their power over the people. That is why we have to do everything we can to stop them.” explained Gaspar to an amazed Francois.
“We simply cannot fail as the odds are very much against us.” continued Gaspar.
“This is a pretty big tale of fantasy. I have high doubts that it may be true Sir Gaspar.” replied the little warrior very skeptical of the veracity of the tale.
“Ah, but it is, sir François otherwise why would the Queen have her men scour the lands for the fabled one and why would her men have attacked us earlier. We are but little defenseless animals. We are merely annoyances to them usually. There is no need to mount a full scale assault against us if not for good reasons.” replied Gaspar.
“I guess you have a point my dear sir. Please forgive me for not being open minded enough to see your plight.” replied François reflecting at the problem.
“Tell me Sir Gaspar, what stake does the fabled one have in this ritual to stop the Queen.” Francois continued.
“The fabled one is a being descendant from these good folks you see here. Many centuries ago these folks were humans and they were transformed into animals by a mage called Samlinel.” replied Gaspar.
“Transformed for what purpose?” asked François intrigued.
“To protect the citizens that were attacked by the Queen. A mage called Samlinel mystically transformed them into animals of all type to hide them. That way, they could survive until the fabled one came to be, ready to accomplish his mission. Samlinel, the powerful mage also cast a spell to hide the villages to conceal them from the Queen.” explained Gaspar.
“Who is this mystical being you are talking about old sir? I do not understand who the fabled one is or why is he that important.”
“The fabled one is a force of nature François it is quite difficult to explain or understand. He had to grow like a tree until he was strong and mighty, ready for his purpose when the time would come.” said Gaspar.
“The seed of the destruction of the evil Queen started as soon as she came into power but many generations had to pass before the fabled one came to be. Within one specific family a trait started to grow. This trait was not found in any other families of the forest animals or human. Over time that trait grew more and more prominent in that family. Now the trait is strong enough to destroy the Queen but we must get to her first and the one carrying this trait is Alexander!” said Gaspar.
“I do not understand sir Gaspar. Alexander does not look like a fighter, a knight or anything. What did mother nature give him to be so special?” asked Francois.
“Look at him Francois.” continued Gaspar pointing at Alexander with his staff.
Francois looked at Alexander who was not too far away from head to toe trying to find out what was so special about him.
“I just don't see it, a regular bloke bunny nothing more, unless I am missing something.” added Francois.
“It is pretty obvious, look more carefully.” replied Gaspar
François started to scan Alexander from top to bottom trying to find the answer then suddenly he saw an odd detail about the bunny.
“Wait a minute, looking at your mate, I must say that he has the strangest, colored hair I have ever seen on any living being.” said François.
“Exactly, this is what you needed to find about him.” replied Gaspar.
Francois fell on the ground and started to roll, laughing out loud.
“Hair, hair, of all things, this is too funny!” giggled Francois.
No one quite understood why Francois was doing this but the little warrior after a few moments got up and dusted himself off.
“Apologies for this, sir Gaspar.” said Francois.
“You have the strangest tale sir Gaspar but you seem wise, wiser than all of us combined I would say. No men would undertake a quest such as yours for no good reasons. Therefore you must speak the truth if you are willing to brave this devil yourself. We are also having some problems lately with some soldiers who are coming in further into our territories. They seem to be the same soldiers that attacked your group. I do not want them to discover our camp as it would be the end of our way of life.” replied Francois.
Francois suddenly got up, turned and ran to a tree and climbed it and started yelling.
“Hear ye, hear ye, one and all. Listen to your leader. We need valiant soldiers for a most important of quest that our new found friends have undertaken. It is a quest that may gave us freedom from the oppression of the soldiers of a vile Queen who have been harassing our families lately. Hear my plea for help my fellow citizens!” screamed Francois from his perch.
Slowly some animals started to step up to the call. Soon the group was a good 10 souls in numbers. François gestured to his companions.
“ For those of you who came, I thank you. Tomorrow we will accompany our new friend to the mountains where they need to go. It is several days of walk from here so we must make haste. Now, everyone, go to sleep so we can wake up fresh. We will need all our strength for this one great adventure.”
The crowd dispersed and soon went to bed in their respective homes.
Next morning came and Francois and his new friends were all sitting at a long table, eating and discussing the best possible way to get to the tunnel according to the map Gaspar had shown to them earlier.
“In light of what you have shown us, we would need to travel for several days sir Gaspar. We will need a lot of supplies I would say.” explained François who was having his breakfast.
“I would say that you are correct sir Francois but we need to be light on foot just in case of an attack. We need speed if such unfortunate event happens.” replied Gaspar.
“Trust us my good sir, all my men and miladies here are the finest this forest can offer for protection. They are valiant warriors and they are brave at heart also. Nothing short of the devil popping in front of their path would scare them.” said Francois.
Francois clapped his hands and someone brought a map and put it on the table before his friends.
“Well, let us look at the map of the surroundings now. We are at this location and we have the mountains here. Your map and mine are very similar so we should be able to easily follow one or the other when we travel. We seldom go in these regions because of the nature of the terrain. What is your plan when we get there Sir Gaspar?” asked Francois.
“Our priority is to find out where the lost tunnel is. According to my map, its entry is located close to a statue representing the bust of a knight.” said Gaspar pointing on a specific region of the map.
“This geographical point could be very hard to find if you ask me.” said François with skepticism.
“Well my map is pretty accurate in its description so we should not have too much problems with that part. What I am worried about is to see if the tunnel is actually useable. We need to make sure we are able to use it to reach the castle throne room and get to the Queen in time.” replied Gaspar.
After feasting the group packed up their equipment and were ready to go. The valiant band of little critters kissed and hugged their loved one and started to make their way out of the village.
Francois took lead of the group with Gaspar, discussing the way to go as they went along.
They went by beautiful streams and amazing sceneries, each steps in the unknown was bringing them closer to their goal.
“These parts are really nice.” confessed Francois after a while. I am surprised that nobody comes out here, a shame if you ask me.”
Chapter 7
After some time, the group came near a clearing. A little squirrel named Billy was dispatched as a scout and was asked to go in a tree and look at the clearing they had to cross to make sure it was free of any dangers.
He looked for a few minutes from the top branch of the tree and deducted that everything was clear. In his haste he had not seen a lone hunter at the other end of the clearing, barely visible because he was halfway in the clearing and at the edge of the forest. The little scout came down and gave the all clear to proceed to the group and they started to cross not aware of the grave danger that lay ahead.
“I will go in first!” cautioned François.“Follow me from a short distance behind in case there is a nasty surprise while we cross.”
In the shade of trees the hunter was drinking from his water pouch when he suddenly heard some cracking noise. He looked around intrigued by the sound.
“What is this?!” he said.
At first and for a few moments he did not see anything but then he looked further in the clearing and he saw the grass move in some weird fashion.
“Something is heading this way.” he said to his horse. “Probably some rabbits or other animal. A good chance to catch food for supper!” He pulled on the reigns of his horse and drew his sword and started galloping towards the clearing screaming to his horse to go faster.
In the clearing the little band had started to hear the screams. Caught in the moment Francois jumped high over the tall grass to see what was going on and saw the soldier coming towards him. Has he jumped the soldier swung his sword which barely missed his head. Francois fell on the ground and screamed as he saw the horse pass besides him.
“Take cover! We are under attack!!” Francois screamed to the top of his lungs.
The little group that was travelling single file jumped on each side of the line and started to run towards cover on the edge of the clearing. Everybody was mystified and screaming their head off. Some of the group had not seen the hunter and where wondering what had happened as they heard the screams.
The hunter was still galloping in the field trying to hit anything he saw with his sword.
“That’s it! Run you little critters! One of you will be my supper tonight!” screamed the hunter while maneuvering his horse to go towards an easy prey he spotted.
“We just cannot keep this up!” yelled Alexander to Gaspar who was close by. We have to do something to end this.
“I agree with you! We have to make sure no one gets hurt.” replied Gaspar hiding behind a tree at the edge of the clearing.
“Let me take a shot at him!” screamed Alexander who was close by.
“NO!!!” screamed Gaspar who jumped trying to grab and restrain Alexander.
“We have to make sure you are unhurt you are too valuable to us son!”
“No time to talk Gaspar here goes nothing!” said Alexander.
Alexander started to sprint towards the horse and stopped in front of the tall quadruped sizing each other up much to the surprise of the rider.
“Well, well. It seems there will be rabbit stew for supper!” bellowed the menacing hunter pointing his sword at the bunny.
And on these words the soldier swung his sword at Alexander who avoided it by a terribly small margin. Recuperating from this, the little rabbit started to run while the soldier ordered his horse after him.
Alexander was jumping left and right, going at a crazy rate, racing for the edge of the clearing to try to reach a safe area. Within a few moments he reached the end of the field, turned around and saw a most astounding sight behind him. Much to his amazement the soldier was on the ground, knocked out cold. Alexander could not believe his eyes and was wondering what had just happened.
“The horse ran straight into the tree there.” said one of the little animals that was close by.
Alexander looked around and he finally saw the horse of the hunter. He ran towards the horse baffled as to what had happened and he stopped in front of the majestic huge black horse.
“Mister Horse what happened?” asked the little rabbit.
“The poor fool had me run straight towards the tree over there while we were chasing you. His head slammed on the thick branches of the tree. He knocked himself over and fell on the ground. He is out cold for a while I would say. I would not stay around if I was you for when he wakes up he is going to be most unhappy about this turn of event.” said the horse.
The horse made a wink at Alexander.
“We thank you very much for your help mister horse. We are grateful and we will remember this.” said Alexander.
“It was nothing my friend. I have seen enough bad things happen while being under the service of this man. I think it is time he paid for some of the wrongs he did. Please leave with your band of friends, hurry! I will deal with him when he awakes. said the horse.
Alexander regrouped with Gaspar who signaled Francois that it was clear to proceed again. After a few minutes everyone was re-assembled around a tree.
“Now that everyone is safe and accounted for let's go we need to hurry before this hunter wakes up again!” said François to the group.
And so they left the clearing, going thru the woods. Francois was up front again as scout with the map surveying the terrain in front of them as they went along.
Time flew by as they traveled for hours without any distressful events. Eventually night came to pass and the voyagers had to stop to rest. After finding a safe area Gaspar and Francois halted the group.
“We cannot continue tonight as sunset is almost upon us. Grab all you can around you to build yourselves shelters.” said Gaspar as he removed his small backpack.
The little band hurried to grab some wood and built crude shelters and lit up little fires to keep cozy and warm.
Sitting down on a tree stump Gaspar looked at Alexander and François who were close by.
“We are making good progress and we should be getting near our destination soon. By my calculations, we are at least a day or so to our destination if we keep up at the current speed. Francois can you be so kind as to go around and check on everybody and make sure that everyone is all right. I know this has been a long day and some of us might be suffering some ailments from this long walk and the events that we had at the clearing today.” said Gaspar.
François always eager to help got up and saluted Gaspar.
“Yes, Sir Gaspar. No problem!”
Francois left and went around the other ones and returned a few minutes later.
“Report Sir Gaspar!”
“Yes François, please tell me what is going on with our companions.” replied Gaspar.
“Well sir Gaspar, we have a few blister and such but nothing too serious. Everyone is in good spirits too. The food is plenty still and people have picked some on the way from apple trees and other fruit bearing vegetation so we do not have to fear for food supplies at least not for the near future.” said Francois.
“Good this is better than I hoped for then.” replied Gaspar while sipping on a cup of tea he just made.
“How do you feel now Francois?” asked the old raccoon.
“I am doing well sir. I have to admit that I am tired but I am all right.” replied the warrior.
He took his sword out and started to swing it.
“I can't wait to trust my sword in those villainous enemies of ours.” said Francois.
Alexander who was close let out a good laugh.
“You should be a wheat farmer my friend. We would need you in the fields cutting the wheat out. The way you are going about with that sword, the wheat would not stand a chance.” said Alexander.
Francois stopped.
“Please forgive my excitement. I am always in the mood for spirited action just like father used to be. He was the best of the best and thought me everything he knew. He was a good man and he told me to always give your all in everything you do, no matter the outcome. That is why I am the leader of my band of companions here, when father passed on, he left me in charge. I will not dishonor him and fight injustice all over the land as he once did.” said Francois.
“From the looks of it, I would say he has succeeded. Now sheath your sword François. You need to rest. You will have plenty of opportunity to wield that sword later on. I am sure of that.” said Gaspar.
Calmness settled in and the fires of the camp were burning bright. Time passed and it was Alexander's turn to keep guard for the camp. After a few rounds around the camp he stopped in front of a fire warm up, still keeping watch for anything suspicious.
A few minutes later he saw Lena come by. She put a blanket over Alexander’s back to keep him warm.
“I could not sleep Alexander so I decided to keep you company. Do you think we will succeed in finding the cavern.” said Lena softly.
“I think so. I have faith in Gaspar and his knowledge. He has never let me down so far and besides we are several to defend ourselves if anything happens again.” replied Alexander.
“Yes we are a lot. I agree. But is it enough for what we are about to do?” said Lena.
“Are you afraid?” asked Francois a bit surprised by Lena's question.
“No I am not. I would go to the end of the world for you.” she replied.
“Really?” asked Alexander surprised at the affectionate reply.
“Yes, you are a very charming rabbit and it is fun to be around you. When we are in school I always look at you with dreamy eyes. You are kind of cute in a weird special way.” she continued.
Alexander did not know what to say to Lena. Those words were strange to him. He had sensed that Lena had some special feeling for him for the longest of time. They had grown up together and did a lot of things but he did not know how to deal with this sudden revelation.
“It is always fun to see you at school and play with you in the schoolyard. You are really good at sports you know.” confessed Lena.
“Well you are also very good Lena. I can hardly beat you when we play ball.” said Alexander.
“Oh shush Alexander, you are just teasing me. I am not that good!” she replied.
“Maybe I am teasing you. I hope you do not mind. I always wanted to tell you that I liked you a lot but never worked the courage to do so. I don't know. It is so hard for me to talk to you. You have that weird effect on me. I freeze when I see you and I can't do anything but act stupid or dumb when I am around you.” said Alexander.
“I feel the same way too Alexander. When you are around my heart keeps pounding so fast and I am very excited. When you go away I feel very lonely. The river is the only thing that makes me happy. When I go see it every day it reminds me of you and how beautiful you are.” said Lena.
Alexander got uncomfortable but kept conversation.
“I don't know what to say Lena. I just hope that we can go thru this and make it. I don't want to disappoint you and the other people counting on us.”
“Yes we have much to accomplish.” replied Lena.
“I hope this voyage goes according to plan. These people here have so much to gain yet so much to lose.” said Alexander.
“I know Alexander, it is a heavy burden to put on you.”
Lena rested her head on Alexander's shoulder and fell asleep a few moments after. He let her rest for a while then he lifted her up and gently took her to makeshift bed and tucked her in and kissed her good night.
“Sweet dreams Lena.” the bunny said while he tucked her in.
Sunrise came and the group was up and going again. Later the adventurers had gone thru many different types of difficult terrain and after some effort they were finally at the feet of the Freemont Mountains. They were close to the location of the cavern according to the map they had. In the distance, they were able to faintly see castle Lohmeed at the other end of the lake. The Freemont Mountains were one of the natural barriers that surrounded the castle and it made sense that the cavern would be in this area to make sure it remained hidden since no one really ventured in here because of the rough terrain.
“Wow look at that castle. It must be huge. You still can see it from here.” said one of the companions.
“Yes it is but now we have to get in it to stop the Queen and the only way to do this safely is to find the tunnel that goes under the lake and into that castle. We need to find that entry point to continue. Let's go!” continued Gaspar looking around and looking at the map trying to calculate the position where they were.
They followed the side of the mountain for a while and they finally reached a wall of huge rock. Gaspar stopped the group. He looked at some features on the ground.
“From the looks of this map, we are on the far side of the lake and these rubbles seem to be the entry point of the tunnel.” said Gaspar to François and Alexander.
“Now we need to look for the statue of a knight, the map says that the entry of the tunnel is besides it.” he continued.
The critters scattered and started to look around. After a few minutes Alexander found something on the floor that strangely looked like a statue that seemed to have been knocked over. It was partially covered in vegetation.
“Hey, all, please come here, quick! I think I have found the statue.” he shouted.
Everyone stopped what they were doing and gathered around Alexander.
“Sure looks like it!”concluded Francois removing vegetation and rubbing the piece of rock revealing a humanly figure in the form of a bust.
Gaspar and François looked at the map and all around them trying to triangulate their position for a few minutes.
“Yes this seems to make sense. I think we have found the bust. Now the map said that an entry point is close by.” said Gaspar.
After a few moments looking around the knight's bust they found a huge entry point that was behind some dense bushes.
“We have to go in now.” said Alexander.
The group moved forward and inspected the opening.
“It sure looks like it was man-made.” said Alexander.
“Yes I agree with you Alexander.” replied Francois.
“Lumee can you go in and check the tunnel for us?” asked François.
The little firefly went into the tunnel to take a peek and she came out after a few minutes.
“It is dark, damp and moldy but it looks solid we should be all right.” she said.
“Ok, we will go in. We need to go forth and test the route.” said Alexander.
“I agree but we have to be cautious. At the first sign of trouble or danger everyone will head back to this opening.” said Gaspar.
One by one the little band of friends started descending into the tunnel, and in front of them Lumee was lighting the way. As they were pushing forward they discovered that this was a huge tunnel. The high walls had been carved in the rock and decorated with some strange statues and symbols at every certain distance. It was strange and eerie. Cobwebs and mold had set in. Some drips of water were coming from the roof of the cavern.
“This place seems to be many centuries old according to the style of carvings on these walls. These decorations tell different stories about this cavern and its surroundings. Very interesting indeed.” concluded Gaspar who had stopped for a moment to admire the very old workmanship.
“This is a disgusting place.” said Lena as she walked behind Alexander.
“This smells like my grandmother's home.” she continued.
“Do not worry my dear milady! We are here to protect you in the face of great danger. We shall not fail you.” said François who was close to them.
“I wonder why this tunnel even exists. It is very strange to have a tunnel go under the lake don't you think Sir Gaspar?” asked François looking around.
“It is indeed. This place is mystifying.” confessed Gaspar.
“What if there are very dangerous creatures in this tunnel?” asked Lena.
“Do not worry!” said Alexander making sure he was in front of Lena. “We will protect you, and you can count on us!”
The little band was making progress in the tunnels and every step was another one towards discovering stranger and mesmerizing things. They had been traveling for hours in the darkness with improvised torches going over different obstacles like fallen pieces from the roof and tipped down statues.
“This place is getting more ominous as we go. Make sure your torches are well fed so we don’t run out of good light in here.” demanded Francois.
“It is kind of scary!” said Lumee as she was flying forward in front of Francois.
“Yes this place seems dangerous, Something is does not feel right here. I don't like it!” said Alexander who was helping others climb over the fallen debris.
Not too far away, at the castle Hughenon and Arnstaad had returned to the castle, reporting on their failure at capturing the creature.
“What did you do?” The Queen shouted, throwing a book at Hughenon when he started to tell the tale of the near capture of the creature they were chasing.
“My Queen we were attacked by strange creatures a few days ago. We had no chance.” he replied.
“Incompetent fool! I will deal with you later! The ritual is soon. I want you to make sure that the castle is protected during this ceremony. No one must get in the castle. Do you understand me?! You will owe me some explanations later on your pathetic attempts of capturing the creature. Now get out of my face before I burn you in this very spot. Be gone!” screamed the Queen.
Hughenon was raging, walking to the guard’s quarters. The Queen's ritual had begun and he had to do his duty as head of security for the castle.
In the guards room of the castle Hughenon talked to a line of soldiers who were at attention listening to his orders.
“I want guards at the gate, on the ramparts and the towers. I want this place to be a complete fortress. I want guards patrolling everywhere in the castle. Is that understood?!” hollered Hughenon.
“Yes sir!” replied the soldiers. They broke rank and dispersed into different parts of the castle as per orders.
Not too far away, the Queen was still looking on the guards from high above thru a window from a chamber. She had her arms up in the air laughing madly.
Chapter 8
Not too far away from the castle, a flock of winged animals had landed with their cargo in a field. There was a multitude of little animals that had been transported, ready to fight and awaiting final orders before the big battle. Crockett under Blair’s orders had gathered the lot of them and was laying the scenario for a planned aerial assault on the castle.
He looked sharp and imposing as he was walking around in military fashion. He was looking at the birds, the mice and squirrels and other smaller animals who had decided to join in the invasion landing in the castle. Most of them were dressed with little makeshift armors made from little pots and other trinkets. They had little wooden swords and little bows. After walking thru the ranks and adjusting a few pieces of equipment on some soldiers Crocket stopped and started his speech.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, first and foremost I must thank you all for being here. You are about to embark on a mission that seems impossible to accomplish, yet we cannot falter at it. Here is the general plan of attack. We will go in small groups of five. Each flying member of the group will carry a small basket. Within these baskets, we will have warriors who will land within the castle and harass the enemy for the benefit of the main attack that will follow. When getting close to the castle these airborne groups will fly in random patterns to avoid the castle’s archers arrows going at them and attempt to land within said castle to drop the brave troopers who will create the necessary diversions.”
Pointing at a crude map made on the ground Crockett kept going on.
“The flyers will land here, here and here. The trooper will debark and the flyer will take off to go gather other troopers until we have as much personnel as we can have within the castle. Once inside, the troops will try to cause as much chaos as possible without getting injured. Please remember that the mission is to distract and create chaos. Do not try to be heroes. We do not want any unnecessary casualties so do not engage the enemy directly.” said Crockett.
“To help our personnel inside, other troops stationed outside will serve as another form of diversion effect for our troops landing in. We must maintain this offensive until the real mission objective is reached. I know I am asking a lot of you but remember that this is history in the making. I repeat, we must not fail. Future generations depend on this moment. If we succeed our sons and daughters will sing about this for hundreds of years to come. They will tell everyone about our courage against the vile enemy of this land!” Crockett continued.
“Say it with me troopers! We will win the day!”
The group went:
“We will win the day!”
“We will not falter!” shouted Crockett.
The group replied
“For our sons and daughters!”
The group let out a huge cry and the little warriors tapped their little sword on their little wooden shields.
It was a strange sight to see that so many animals that had not a lot in common come together for this moment. Everyone was filled with excitement and fear.
A few minutes later, people were running everywhere, bringing in weapons and armor to one another. Elsewhere, some other animals were sitting down in small groups to go over extra details of what they had to do once inside the castle. Everybody was concerned about this great undertaking and were not sure if it would succeed or not but they had no choice. The veil would give up soon and give them away so they had no choice but to act quickly.
Friends who had not seen each other in a while eventually met and talked to each other before shaking hands and greeting farewell to each other.
“Ramper is that you? How are you doing old buddy?” asked Jeremy one of the fighter who was preparing his kit.
“I am doing well. I am ready to take on the evil Queen.” replied Ramper all excited.
“They will see lightning strike when I get in there. I am faster than a shooting arrow, the master of speed, and the king of swing. They will have to deal with me personally if they hurt anyone there.” continued Ramper as he was jumping and swinging his fists.
“With you Ramper, there is no way we can lose!” replied Jeremy laughing.
Both Squirrel put on their weird looking helmets and goggles and jumped into a basket.
“We will have a bunch of stories to tell each other when we get back Jeremy.” replied Ramper.
“Yes, see you soon old friend!” replied Jeremy waving to his old friend.
A few squirrel were guiding the birds with some sticks, making signs to them as to show them who was ready to go or not and directing them to avoid collision.
A few moments later the nearest birds took the baskets in their grip and lifted off with its precious cargo of brave souls and they headed towards the castle. Like many others they were flying towards an uncertain faith but they knew they had to overcome the obstacles ahead.
As they were flying they had little signals flags that they were using to signal events to one another. Ramper was looking around and reading the signals from the others.
“Big Boss Leader 1 is ready.” he screamed to Jeremy who was close by. “He is asking a status report from the others. Look around and signal them so we can get their status and I can send it back to Big Boss.”
Jeremy took his signal flag and signaled to the others who responded.
“I got group 1 ready! Group 2 has reported in as well as the others. They are all ok for now.” screamed Jeremy towards Ramper.
“Ok, I will signal the big boss that we are all ok so far.” screamed Ramper.
Ramper took his flag and made a few signals to Big Boss who responded that they were still a go for the attack!
We should be there in half an hour or so.
“Very well!”screamed Ramper. “Let us go teach them a lesson they will never forget!”
Not too far way, at the castle, a guard who was patrolling the ramparts started to notice something strange happening at the edge of the lake. There was some kind of unnatural fog that slowly lifted up out of thin air, then, something black appeared within that fog. The guards on the rampart could not clearly make out the form that seemed to have moved in.
“Come, take a look over there!” yelled one guard to another.“Do you recognize anything? I cannot make it out. It was clear as day a few minutes ago and now there is this strange fog over there. What is going on? Can you see anything?” said the guard to his friend.
“No! I can't make it out but you are right there is some weird thing going on over there.” yelled the other guard. “If it comes too close it is going to taste the arrows of my bow!” he continued.
Over time the forms got closer and closer to the entry of the bridge and one of the guards who was watching the event started to recognize the forms that were moving in closer.
“What do you know! It is just a bunch of wolf!” he shouted to the others.
“This is odd, usually they don’t come to the castle and they don't seem to be looking for anything. What is this?” asked another one of the guard baffled at the sight.
“Look!” screamed another guard as they were gathering on the side of the ledge of the rampart. “They are there, just standing still, like they are looking at the walls and the gate.”
Suddenly one of the wolf gestured and the group started to howl. One guard got so scared that he jumped back and tripped and fell on his behind, surprised at this turn of event.
“What is going on?” asked one the captain of the guard who had come up after being advised by a guard of the situation.
“Over there Sir! Look at the bunch of wolves at the opening of the bridge. They have been there for a while and they have started to howl now.” said the guard.
“What kind of madness is this? There is a dozen of wolf close to the bridge. Why wasn't I warned of this earlier?” asked the captain.
“Well Sir, they were just sitting there doing nothing and we thought they would just go away. We do not know what is going on.” replied the guard.
“Stupid fool! Prepare the archers! Just shoot a few arrows at them. The missiles will make them go away. Also get your men to raise the main gate, none of these animals must get in. The queen gave us strict orders not to be disturbed.” the captain said.
The guard standing close to his captain took the initiative and pulled out his bow, steadied himself, aimed and shot. His arrow missed the wolves by a large margin. The captain furious looked at his guard who was dumbfounded.
“You klutz, you missed!” chastised the captain.
“I don’t know sir. I guess the wind made my arrow go awry. It is usually a fairly easy shot.” replied the guard surprised.
“Incompetent fool, just give me your damn bow. Let me take care of this.” the captain replied.
The captain pushed the guard aside and placed an arrow on the bow. He then pulled the string and shot the projectile, again the shot missed by a huge amount of distance and both men were surprised.
“By the devils beard! What is happening? We can't miss this shot, not two different archers. They are easily within range. It is like the arrow is deflected midway. Go fetch the others. I think we may have a problem on our hands.” said the captain.
The guard began running down the stairs of the tower but all of a sudden he stopped.
“What is this?” he said surprised.
In front of him was a skunk in the middle of the stairs tail raised.
“Oh no!” he screamed.
The skunk shot at the poor guard who ran upstairs again.
“I need fresh air, please! I am choking.” screamed the guard.
Upon seeing him stumbling up the stairs, the captain shouted.
“What the hell is wrong with you? What happened? You smell like you have been shot by a skunk!”
“I was Sir! She was in the stairs and when she saw me running down she shot her fumes at me.” gasped the poor guard trying not to vomit.
“What in blue blaze is all of this?” the captain asked.
“Wolves at the gate. A skunk in the tower! I just came up these very stairs. The skunk was not there when I got here! Those animals must be possessed by some kind of witch's spell. Stand aside fool!”
The captain started to proceed downstairs also. He was down one level when all of sudden he received some eggs and pine cones straight in the face.
He ran upstairs, back to the guards.
“What is wrong with this place? I just got creamed with some rotten eggs and hit with hard pine cones. This is insane, there must be witchcraft involved.” the captain said.
“Lock down the castle! Make sure the gate is secured!” he shouted down the rampart.
A guard ran and checked the gate system.
At the same moment birds started to land in the courtyard and little critters started to get out of the baskets, running around. They started growling at the guards and hitting them on their feet with little staff and jumping up in the air and hitting their knees. This chaos was making the guards run in every direction trying to grab the intruders as other guards came out of their quarters to try to help take control of the situation.
Others had been alerted and were looking out the windows of the castle. The guards had not realized that an air attack had begun as soon as the wolves had started howling. There was a huge amount of feathered invaders around the castle. Birds were landing in the court of the castle, flying down towards the archers and around the towers. They were trying to cause as much confusion as possible with the guards by plunging at them. Others were dropping their cargo that started to run like crazy little demons scaring everyone in sight with their machinations as soon as they had hit the ground.
“We are being attacked by the devil’s minions this castle is cursed!” shouted one fat guard trying to hide under a table. Suddenly a big rat sunk his teeth deep in his behind, making him scream like a madman.
By now many other birds had carried many of the other group to the base of the walls of the castle. They wanted to avoid the archers who were now shooting arrows at everything they saw coming towards them so they did not go directly inside the castle. After being dropped, the little invaders climbed the small vines hanging from the walls of the castle, carrying with them other would be attackers on their back. Despite being fired upon by archers, many reached the top of the wall and started to spread everywhere. They were going for the stairs, rooms, or any area they could go to, scaring people and causing as much panic as possible so that Gaspar and Alexander could get to the throne room without having any problems with the guard of the castle.
They were running amuck amongst the guard who did not know what to do. The guards were used to fight men, not little animals. They were too fast for them, and whenever they swung their sword, they met with thin air. They were screaming to each other not knowing what to do to defend themselves.
A little lower down in the courtyard.
“What is happening?” asked Hughenon who had come out running from his quarters after the commotions had started.
“We don't know sire, animals have invaded the castle.” replied one guard who stopped to advise his lord of the situation.
“We are being assaulted by animals? Are you sure?” he shouted.
“Yes Sire!” replied the guard.
“Well what are you waiting for? Get rid of them! The Queen will have your head if you let these beasts ruin her celebration. Shoot them! Do whatever you need to do. I want them out. The Queen cannot be distracted by anything during her ritual. Get everyone to gather these animals and resolve this. You, over there, go report this to the Queen, go!” screamed Hughenon to one of his guard.
One of the guards started running towards the throne room.
“What did you say?!” the queen shouted after the guard delivered the message. She went and looked out the windows of the next room. She was able to see a multitude of things going on that she did not like.
“Curses!” the Queen screamed!
“Quick! Rashid we must hasten the proceeding.” she said to the sorcerer.
She looked at the guard and shouted. “Go tell Hughenon that I want those invaders gone from the castle immediately!” The guard turned around and ran in the hallway as if the demon himself was behind him trying to go downstairs to reach lord Hughenon.
Elsewhere the troops were still coming in towards the castle.
“We are getting near the castle now. We should be there in about ten minutes.” said Ramper.
“This is going to be insane!” replied Gus a little mouse that was with him in the basket.
“I know Gus but we have no choice we have to get the queen or otherwise everything is lost.” replied Ramper.
They flew for some time and then the castle started to loom at the horizon. They could faintly see the other birds that we landing the troops there. The weather was warm and making it really hard to focus on things. The castle got bigger and bigger by the minute. The suddenly arrows started to fly towards them.
“Brace yourself lads!” said the eagle that was carrying them. “This is going to get rough!”
The bird started to zip thru the arrows avoiding them. Ramper and Gus had crouched in the basket. A few moments later the bird started to scream to his crew in the basket.
“This is it lads! Touchdown in a few moments. Be prepared to dismount!”
And so a few moments later the bird landed on a small patch of land at the base of the castle. Ramper and Gus could see many of their friends doing the same thing. All the while trying to avoid arrows from the archers. They could hear the wolves howling in the distance.
“They are making a great diversion for us! I am glad to have them on my side!” said Ramper.
“Yes, they are very useful.” replied Gus.
Ramper looked around him, searching for climbing material on the wall. After a few minutes, he finally found a vine in a corner.
“Watch out Ramper” Gus suddenly screamed.
Ramper instinctively jumped and an arrow landed right where he was a few moments before.
“You got good luck!” said Gus still frozen by the gravity of the moment.
“I am ok. But we cannot stay here Gus. It is becoming way too dangerous!” replied Ramper.
“I am going to up this vine!” he said to Gus.
The little mouse nodded his agreement.
“When I am at the top, I want you to start climbing this too” he continued.
“Agreed!” said Gus who was hugging the wall.
An arrow landed just in front of him, barely missing him while Ramper was starting to climb the vine like other were doing in the patch of land. After a few tense moments Ramper finally got to the top and signaled Gus to climb the vine.
“It’s all clear here Gus, you can come on up!” he screamed down the wall.
Gus grabbed the vine and started to climb feverishly, trying to be as fast as he could. He was in an area that was less busy but he was still scared to get hit by a stray projectile. Like Ramper did before he finally got up and Ramper helped him over the top of the wall. They both crouched down looking at each other.
“Are you all right?” asked Ramper.
“Yes I am.” replied Gus.
“What do we do now?” he continued.
“We do what we came to do! Overthrow the Queen! Let’s go!” replied Ramper.
Ramper and Gus started to run along the top of the ramparts going around guards, avoiding them. The guards were running in every direction trying to shoot the birds down with their bow or trying to catch the little critters that had climbed the wall.
“Be careful we have to avoid being seen.” said Ramper.
Gus nodded. They finally got to a part of the wall where they could look down in the courtyard and see the commotion.
“This is intense!” Ramper said.
He saw that some of his friends down below were having a hard time dealing with the guards so he hatched a plan. He took a small cord he had and made a lasso. He twirled it for a few moments then flung it towards a piece of roof.
“Let’s go!” he said to Gus.
Gus jumped and grabbed Ramper, The swung down in the courtyard and landed roughly, the rope was just a tad too short and they had to let go. They fell down and rolled several times. They ended up being tossed a few times over by the momentum of the fall. They were groggy for a few moments then after the stars had settled down, they started to gather their wits.
“We made it!” said Gus.
“Yes, barely!” replied Ramper.
In front of them was pure chaos. The critters that had landed a bit earlier were giving hell to the guards. One of them had a long needle in his hands and was going around poking the guards in their foot and in their behind. He tried to insert his needle anywhere that was unprotected. When he was successful he let out a mad giggle and carried on to his next victim. Ramper had a good laugh looking at this.
“Come let’s go help them out!” he said to Gus.
Ramper climbed on top of a water barrel with Gus. They started to throw water at the guards with a big wooden spoon they found close by. This surprised the guards and angered them. One of them tried to go grab one of them but Ramper threw water in the guard’s face at the last moment and blinded him. He stumbled and fell head first in the water barrel. Ramper gave him a great big spank of the wooden spoon in the face when he got his head out. Gus jumped at the guard and landed on his shoulder. With frenzy he screamed.
“Banzai!!!” He shouted to the top of his lungs.
Then he bit the earlobe of the poor guard who screamed in pain. He started to twist and turn to shake of the mouse. Gus eventually had to let go and he fell to the ground. The guard also fell down. Ramper jumped to go help Gus.
“Are you ok Gus?” asked Ramper.
“I am fine.” the mouse replied.
“One down, a lot more to go.” said Ramper.
“Yes!” said Gus.
They started to run towards the fight. Suddenly a giant stood in front of them. He was tall and large, scary and ugly as hell. He was just blocking the road to them. He had a big huge throwing knife in his right hand.
“Where do you think you are going little ones?” he said.
“I have got this one.” said Ramper to Gus. Ramper took a walnut out a satchel he was carrying. The giant sneered at Ramper.
“Should I be scared?” asked the giant.
“You should be!” replied Ramper.
They both adopted a cowboy showdown stance. Gus moved aside to let Ramper stand straight in front of the giant. The giant started to move to the right and Ramper moved to the left. Then Ramper moved to the right and the giant moved to the left. This waltz went on for several moments. None of them could decide when to strike. They were staring at each other. The opponents were trying to call each other’s bluff. The giant sneered and his mustache moved. Ramper sneered and his whiskers moved. The giant was sweating like crazy and so was Ramper. Ramper tightened his grip on his walnut. The giant did the same on his knife. The moment of truth was near. You could cut the tension with a knife. Gus was mesmerized at the moment. He did not know what would happen. His heart was pounding like crazy.
Then all of a sudden there was a flash and Ramper raised his arm quick as lightning and threw the walnut at the giant. The projectile went straight at the forehead of the giant. It hit the giant with full force impact. The giant was instantly knocked out. He fell over forward. When he hit the ground, he created and impact wave that sent Ramper and Gus flying backwards. They both reached out and where able to grab on the handles of a tipped over wagon and held on for dear life. After the winds had died down they were able to let go and they fell on the ground.
“That was insane Ramper. I never knew you were able to do that!” said Gus while they both dusted themselves off.
“It’s all fun Gus. hope that Alexander and Gaspar are doing well!” said Ramper who was worried about his friends.
Meanwhile below the lake our companions had been making progress in the tunnel. Every step they were taking was bringing them closer to their goal but they did not know what to expect. There were weird noises coming from everywhere, all around them. Everyone had torches pointing in different directions as they went.
“This is real spooky!” admitted François as he looked around moving forward in the tunnel.
“I guess the tunnel was fully lit when it was in proper service. Something must have happened to have it in this bad of a shape. It looks like it has been abandoned for the longest of times.” replied Gaspar.
As they went everything was getting weirder and the natural lighting of the tunnel was getting fainter and fainter.
“Please don’t let anything spook you. Stay calm and move forward, everything is going to be all right!” said Gaspar.
They continued to travel and a few minutes went by. All of a sudden a big roar was heard.
“Oh darn, what was that? I did not like this sound!”asked François as he waved the torch around trying to find the source of the sound.
A form that was in the dark started approaching them and suddenly a deep raspy voice came out of the shadows.
“What are you little cockroaches doing here?!” the voice in the darkness asked.
“Those are mighty big words for a beast that does not want to show itself. We are surely not cockroaches!” replied François pointing his torch towards the voice.
“Are you not?” the voice replied.
“No we’re not!” said François defiantly.
“You must have some kind of death wish little one!” replied the shadowy form. Suddenly a big huge head quickly came out of the shadows. It was huge and ugly, and it looked like a bear's head.
“Oh dear!” murmured Lena.
Francois jumped in front of Lena
“Stay back fowl beast or you will taste my sword.” screamed François swinging his tiny sword and torch in front of the form.
“You dare intrude my home and threatened me with a wooden sword. I guess you are either a very brave or very stupid little meatball.” said the bear.
“Oh no! I recognize that voice!” exclaimed Gaspar who had been watching the scene from a small distance.
The head suddenly turned when it heard the old raccoon and looked at Gaspar.
“That voice! You! I know you!” the form screamed.
Then a big growl was heard and everyone shook from the vibration of the voice.
“I will get you for what you did to me!” the voice screamed.
The form jumped out of the shadow and landed on the ground creating a great rumbling in the cavern, raising dust and debris.
“Run all of you! It’s Grizzka the bear!” screamed Gaspar as he started to run as best he could.
The bear started to run towards Gaspar completely ignoring the others!
“Where do you want us to go?! We only have one direction to go to!” said Francois screaming his head off.
“Anywhere, as long as it is not in the paws of this bear!” replied Alexander.
The other were looking at the scene, mesmerized.
“This is not good, not good at all!” screamed Alexander as they started fleeing.
“Of course this is not good! We are followed by a huge ugly ferocious monster!” replied François, who was tailing the rabbit.
“He wants to eat us alive! Flee!” he screamed as the bear was rushing behind them.
“Little pests! I will get you all! You cannot hide, especially you, little raccoon. I will never forget what you did to me. You will pay dearly for what you have done to me!” bellowed Grizzka.
The band was running forward. They were already very deep in the tunnel trying to go over rocks and boulders, climbing everywhere as fast as they could to escape this beast!
Grizzka was growling behind them going at breakneck speed trying to catch up to Gaspar.
Every few steps, Grizzka was swinging his paws trying to catch one of the critters who was the closest to him.
“I will eat you all, just be nice and let me get you! I will end you real quick.” screamed the bear.
Grizzka was bulldozing anything in his way. Rocks and boulders were being thrown all over the place. Smashing into thousands of pieces as they hit the cavern’s walls.
Alexander was pushing Lena trying to help her go over the obstacles as they ran as she had trouble keeping pace.
After a short amount of time, Grizzka’s paws were starting to land all around them, barely missing them.
“Hurry up Lena! I will keep him busy!” screamed Alexander.
In front Francois was sprinting like a madman.
“I bet you I have just beaten the 100 meters record for the tenth time already!” he said as he was passing by Gaspar.
“This has to stop. We can’t keep doing this for long!!” huffed Gaspar.
Gaspar turned his head trying to find sight of Grizzka. He saw him coming in at tremendous speed like a charging rhinoceros. He slowed down his pace and let Alexander and Lena pass as well as the others in the group.
The bear was getting dangerously close, making thunderous noise.
He finally gained on Gaspar who had started to run forward again. While avoiding the paws Gaspar reached in one of his pouch of his belt. He hastily pulled out some mysterious looking dust and he made sure no one was behind him except Grizzka. He then threw the dust up in the air behind him and he screamed this word.
“Moonkala!”
Suddenly the dust exploded and solidified instantly in a wall of ice in the path of the oncoming bear.
Grizzka surprised at this had no time to stop as he ran straight into the wall that exploded in a thousand pieces. The bear made a few flips and landed on his head, knocked out cold.
Everyone stopped running when they heard this commotion. They turned back and saw that the bear was out. François came close to Gaspar.
“Nice piece of work old man, but he will get up soon and he is going to be so upset after us. We surely will be in his belly by day's end now.” said Francois.
“Don’t worry!” replied Gaspar.
He went to where the bear had landed and he took a small rock out of another compartment of his pouch and placed it on the head of the bear.
“What is that?” asked François who had followed Gaspar.
“This is a magic stun stone. As soon as he wakes up, the rock will activate itself and knock him out again by knocking him on the head. It is a trick I acquired from a friend who used this in delicate situations. It can actually knock out an elephant. This will give us time to flee from him.” replied Gaspar.
“I wish you had used this earlier Sir Gaspar, it would have avoided us having to run like crazy!” protested Francois, a bit irritated at Gaspar.
“Forgive me” replied Gaspar, “It was not my intent to cause you this aggravation but I had not expected Grizzka to be here and while I was running I was indeed looking for the dust and stone in my pouch. It just took me a few moments to find it.”
‘Well, that was too close!” added Alexander who was looking at the inanimate bear.
“Yes I agree. We need to make up time. The ritual might already be under way by now. I just hope we are not too late.” replied Gaspar worried.
The little band gathered their belongings and started to proceed forward in the tunnel again.
“I hope we don’t get any more events such as this one.” said François.
“That was scary!” replied Lena.
“Yes I agree!” continued Alexander.
Chapter 9
Time passed by and the little band of friends was making progress.
“Let us send someone to check if we have an end to this tunnel.” said Gaspar.
One of the forward scouts was sent ahead while the others stopped to rest a bit. He returned a few minutes later.
“We have a problem just up ahead. Looks like a cave in. That is probably why no one uses this tunnel anymore.” said the critter to Gaspar.
“Darn it.” muttered François.
This sad turn of event was compromising the mission.
The group got up and travelled for a few minutes. Then they arrived at the cave in. Gaspar looked at the situation and then turned around to Alexander and François.
“I think I have a solution. You over there, bring me this tube you are using to carry food.”
And so the little animal did. Gaspar took the tube and looked at it carefully.
“I think this will do. It looks big enough.” concluded the old raccoon.
“Now let’s go back a few hundred feet. I am going to build a device that will resolve the problem.”
The group obeyed Gaspar and went back.
“We should be at a safe distance now. Please remain here for your safety.” said Gaspar while looking at the cave in and at the tube.
He inspected the tube a bit longer. Then he blocked one end of the tube with a tin amount of cloth he ripped from his own clothes then proceeded to remove small bags from another pouch he had on his belt.
He removed some type of powder from each bags and put them in several small piles. A few moments later he started to mix these small piles together and inserted the results of this strange recipe in the tube he had received.
He asked a few of his friends to make a ramp that pointed towards the cave in.
“Place the tube on the ramp.” ordered Gaspar after the ramp had been built.
And so the adventurers did as told. Everyone was puzzled at the looks of the weird contraption. Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope at some distance from it.
“Please everyone, take cover! This may prove dangerous!”shouted Gaspar.
Everyone found a safe place. Gaspar took out some flint rocks and lit up the crude rope. There was some spark and then the rope caught on fire. The fire ran up the rope and disappeared in the tube. There was a few puffs of smoke, then nothing. This turn of event surprised Gaspar.
“This is odd, this should have worked. Francois could you go check the fuse please. It may have backfired! The rest of the group will stay behind as it may be dangerous.” said Gaspar.
Francois went and inspected the device.
“Nothing to signal. It looks like it did not work.” replied Francois to Gaspar.
Francois hopped on the rocket and started to jump on it.
“Will you start you darn blasted thing!” he said.
Gaspar screamed: “ Francois don’t do that it might blow you up!”
All of a sudden the rocket lit up and the rocket blasted out forward. François had barely time to jump off the rocket.
Gaspar and Alexander and the others who were hiding behind other boulders watched the rocket go directly for the cave in.
“Looks good Gaspar!” shouted Alexander.
“Yes I think it is going to make it.” the old raccoon replied.
The rocket went forward and a few seconds later it hit the pile of rocks straight on! There was a huge explosion which sent debris flying everywhere. After a few minutes the smoke caused by the explosion settled down.
“This was really strange! Where is Francois?” exclaimed Alexander.
Francois appeared from behind a rock. He was all blackened up from the fumes of the rocket exhaust.
“I am ok. All good to go.” he said all groggy, stumbling.
“We should be ok now.” replied Gaspar
One of the scouts moved and checked the results of the explosion.
“Yes, it worked. It cleared the debris. We can move forward.” he said.
The little band marched on for some time and soon arrived at some sort of big circular room with a series of weird openings a few feet apart.
Gaspar and the animals looked at the room for a few minutes.
“Well I guess we have to split up. This must have been a central point of these tunnel entries. Looks like there was or is a network of tunnels under this castle. I had not anticipated this.” said Gaspar.
They started looking around for clues to help them understand the significance of these tunnels.
“Look at the sign above each of the entries of the tunnels.” murmured Gaspar after a few minutes of examination.
“Yes, this is odd Gaspar. All of them have a different mark.” replied Alexander.
“No doubt these are indicators of where each tunnel leads in the castle.” continued Gaspar
Gaspar went around and looked at each one of them and started trying to decipher the meaning of each of them. He was taking notes as he was walking around.
After a few minutes he went back to Alexander and François.
“Well my best guess is that this particular sign is the tunnel to the throne room. But we have to split up to inspect the other tunnels. We cannot afford to lose any more times or miss any other opportunity. We have been in this tunnel for a long time now and things I am sure the fight outside as already started.” said Gaspar.
“Me and Alexander and Lena will take this particular tunnel. Francois and some of the others can take this one. The rest can split the remaining tunnels amongst themselves. I am sure that I do not have to remind you that each end will be grave danger and that you must be extra careful when you get out. I do not know where all these tunnels lead but we have to move forward no matter what the cost. If you find the throne room, it is your job to come and find us so we can get to it also.”
“Aye Gaspar, rest assured that we shall not fail in this most important mission.” added François.
“Quick folks, disperse! We need to get to the throne room and fast.” said Francois to the rest of the group.
The little band of companions separated and started to proceed into each of their assigned tunnels seeing the other ones go Alexander remained puzzled.
“Are you sure this is the right tunnel?” asked Alexander.
“Yes this is the only one that has a crown sign above it. Its meaning was quite clear to me. I did not want the others in more danger than they should face so that is why I chose this one and gave the rest to the others. Let’s go!” Gaspar said.
They all proceeded to enter the tunnels.
After some time François and his companions were trying to find an opening of some kind that would lead to some point out in the castle. They pressed on and after several minutes they finally got to a door. They opened it and found themselves to be in an armor room.
“This is awesome!” exclaimed François who was amazed to see all the equipment around them. The room was filled with bright shining armors, weapons and shields of all kinds and shapes or forms.
“Let’s not forget our mission now.” said François to the rest of the group after a few moments of silent contemplation.
The little team of infiltrators went on to the nearest door and Francois peaked out.
“Coast is clear, let us proceed!” whispered François.
They gently walked out of the room and stayed in the shadows of the corridor. They went under desks and various furniture to mask their presence. François started to hear some type of screaming going about in the distance.
“I guess the attack has started. We better be even more careful now. Some people are bound to try to hide from the assault. We need to find the throne room now. Please follow me.” said Francois to his friends.
After a bit of sneaking around and a few corridors, they went by what seemed to be a kitchen.
“I guess this is the kitchen area.” whispered François.
There was some intoxicating smells coming out of the room.
“Some mighty tasty stuff in there.” he said has he sniffed the fragrances coming out.
Big Henry a huge rat whom was following François caught the smells immediately and he started to get mesmerized by them. He was falling into a trance right before François eyes.
Upon seeing this Francois grabbed him gave him a big slap in the face and started to shake him.
“Snap out of it soldier! We have a mission to accomplish! Come on lad. Wake up!” screamed Francois to Big Henry.
Big Henry could not stop. He was still going towards the kitchen door.
“We have to stop him. He is going to get hurt!” screamed Emile, another member of the group.
François got in front of him, pushing up against him but still big Henry went forward, eyes glazed over.
“Cheese, cheese!” he kept saying, saliva drooling from his mouth.
François was slapping Big Henry left and right, even throwing karate chops at him but nothing was happening.
“Emile, come here quick! We have to stop this fool. He is going to get himself killed by the kitchen staff if they see him!” shouted François.
Emile ran up front and pushed with François.
The both of them could not stop Big Henry. The door of the kitchen was getting closer and closer for all of them. They were still in shadows but it would not take long for them to be out of them and in potential danger.
“Big Henry for the love of god, wake up!” said François.
“Can't stop! The smell overwhelming me.” replied Big Henry with a crazed look in his eyes.
Francois left big Henry and looked around. He found a vase on top of one of the table in the corridor. He ran to grab it and smashed it right on the top of the head of Big Henry. This made absolutely no effect on the critter as he was still going towards the kitchen.
“My god, he really is possessed!” concluded François.
Quickly Francois took out the good book from the sash on his belt and made religious incantations in front of Big Henry.
“Behind me Devil, behind me!” he said holding the book straight in the face of the rat.
It was still a no go, Big Henry was still moving forward.
They were mere inches from the door, now.
“We have to let him go! There is nothing we can do. He is doomed I tell you, doomed!” screamed Emile. Francois had no choice but to let go.
Big Henry was now at the door and proceeded in, still deep in his trance.
Miraculously no one was in the room. He went forward guided by the smell then turned left and right a few times and ended up in front of a table full of cheese. He hopped on one of the leg and climbed upwards and after a few moments, he landed on top of the table. Big Henry was in heaven. All kind of manners of cheese were there, just waiting to be picked. He took a huge piece of Swiss cheese and went down as fast as he could. He ran outside the room and went back to François who was waiting outside.
“Dear god mate! How did you manage this?” Francois said.
“Manage what?” replied Big Henry.
Francois gave him another slap in the face.
Big Henry stopped munching on the cheese he had in his mouth and came out of the daze he was in.
“What, uh, what happened? Where am I?” he said confused.
You were in some kind of trance and walked in and out of this kitchen. You went to get some cheese! said Francois.
“Cheese, where?” asked Big Henry.
François slapped him again.
“For the last time soldier if you do not wake up, I'll send you peeling potatoes for a full week when we get back from this mission.” Francois said.
“Potatoes, I love potatoes.” replied Big Henry.
“For the love of all that is holly, do you only think of food?” replied François exasperated.
He grabbed Big Henry by the ear and dragged him along the wall of the corridor.
“We can't afford to waste more time. We have to help Gaspar and Alexander. Emile go look out the window over there. Tell me what you see?
Emile went and climbed to a small narrow window in the corridor.
“Do you see anything that would resemble a throne room?” said Francois.
“Nothing that looks like that!” said Emile who was looking thru the window.
“This window gives straight to the courtyard. It is full of people run around and screaming. I guess our friends are giving them the scare of their lives.” Emile said to Francois.
“Ok then. I guess we have to continue to search for the throne room. It must be around here somewhere on the upper levels of the castle. We must help the other and hope that Sir Gaspar is on the right path.” added François.
“Ok” replied Emile as he climbed down.
Elsewhere Gaspar and Alexander had traveled for several long minutes. They ended up at a trap door in the ceiling. It was the exit to use as it was the end of the tunnel.
Alexander started to go up a ladder that was just besides the trap door. Once on the top, he pushed against the door who finally gave up after a few hard push. He slightly opened it and looked around. In the far end of the room was a big huge chair. It seemed that Gaspar had guessed right. Surely this was the throne of the castle.. The room was very dark.
Alexander saw Rashid, who was gathering things. A few moments later he vanished in a room behind the throne.
“Looks like they are doing the ceremony.” said Alexander to Gaspar below.
Indeed in the other room behind the throne, the sorcerer started to pour the ingredients in a big kettle as he was reciting some weird incantations.
The Queen was watching intently, not wanting to miss a moment of this. She had two huge guards watching the sorcerer while he was performing his ritual. Rashid was sweating a lot. The room was hot from the fire of the kettle and he was rushing to make the potion.
“Is something wrong?” asked the Queen.
“No my Queen. It is just hot in here that is all.” he replied.
“Well get on with it. We need to have this ready soon before any of those critters get to us and disturb the ritual. Hurry!” screamed the Queen in the face of the sorcerer.
“Please do not worry my Queen, everything is going well. The brew is reacting exactly as usual. It should be ready soon.” replied the sorcerer.
“Good.” replied the Queen looking in the middle of the kettle.
Elsewhere, general chaos continued. The castle was full of critters that were running left and right, scaring guards all around them. They were biting them or gnawing at them. A group of them even managed to unlock the gate devices of the castle and raised the gate so that the wolf pack could get in. Guards were running all over the place trying to catch them but they were too fast for most of the men who wore heavy armor.
Hughenon was screaming at his men in the courtyard.
“By the devils beard! I will get the lot of you yet!” he said as one critter passed him by.
“It is like the entire forest has decided to invade the castle my lord!” said one guard passing by Hughenon while chasing a squirrel.
“Shut up fool, defend the castle. We will not fall because of some cursed animals!” screamed Hughenon swinging his sword trying to hit critters going around him.
The animals were coming from everywhere, the ground, the air, plunging at everyone, biting them, spraying them.
Hughenon was swinging at everything in sight, getting dangerously close to the little ones who were trying to distract the guards.
William who had just walked in thru the castle's gates saw this mad man going about with deadly intent. He ran to a friend nearby.
“Bernard come here quickly! We have to stop this madman!” he said.
“Yes!” replied the other wolf.
Bernard began to run towards the other wolves who were outside, most of which were fighting off the guards while the others created a rampage in the castle.
“Quick! We have to take care of the high guard knight. He is getting too dangerous for our troops.” he said to his companions.
The wolves stopped and evaded their opponents and began to run together to a spot in the castle. A few moments later...
“We have to end this once and for all Bernard.” added William. “I have a plan.”
He began whispering in Bernard’s ear.
Bernard nodded, “Ok! Understood sir.” replied the wolf.
Bernard ran to his friends and whispered the plan. They all signaled to each other that they understood what was going to be set in motion. William started to advance towards Hughenon who was still swinging at everything in sight. He then went in front of the Knight and started to growl. Hughenon started to back up, cursing at the huge wolf.
“I am not afraid of you mad wolf. I will have your fur in my room as a trophy!” screamed Hughenon as he swung his sword at the wolf that was side stepping him, avoiding the swings.
This bait and catch game went on for several minutes but Hughenon was not able to hit the wolf with his sword and he was getting more than upset about being ridiculed by an animal.
“This is madness!” he shouted as the other wolves joined in to attack him.
The wolves continued to move onwards on the Knight, encircling him. The knight did not know what to do and was starting to panic. No one was coming to his help.
Hughenon continued backing up and all of a sudden he started to fall backwards over a well wall. He screamed as he fell into the abyss.
The wolves gathered around the deep pit to witness the demise of the knight.
“His heavy armor will make sure he will not bother anyone again. Justice had been served for this most cruel of fiend.” said William as they were still looking in the well not even being able to see the bottom of it.
“Now go tend to the others. The guards will still continue to fight for their Queen. We need to stop them.” said William.
On these words, the band split up and went to help the other critters who were fighting the guards in the yard of the palace.
William who broke away from the group started to go in the rooms and corridors of the castle. The staff of the castle was running at the sight of this huge grey wolf going about and growling.
After a few minutes in the corridors he finally met with Francois and his group.
“Who are you?” asked Francois.
“I am William. I am here as part of the attack against the Queen. And you are?” asked the wolf.
“I am Francois of the meadows.” replied Francois.
“I am also here as part of the attack.” he continued.
“Well, it seems to me that we have something in common then.” replied William.
“I would say we do.” said Francois.
“Glad to meet you Sir William.” said François.
“This place is full of crazy people. How is your group doing?” asked William.
“Well I guess we are far from the throne room as we did not find it yet. I hope Gaspar and Alexander had better luck than us. How about your group, any luck so far?” asked François looking around.
“Yes we got rid of the high guard. I am sure this will help a lot now. With their leadership gone to direct them, the guards will likely start to surrender soon. But there is still the Queen. She is more dangerous than all her soldiers put together.” said William.
Chapter 10
People in the upper part of the castle were going down. They rushed past Francois and screamed their head off as they saw the big wolf get out of the shadows of the corridor. This attracted the attention of a guard who headed towards the group of adventurers.
François started to swing his little sword at the guard coming towards them.
“Let me handle this!” William said jumping in front of Francois as he started to howl at the guard who turned around screaming like a little girl.
William followed and caught up with him and bit his behind. The guard ran like a mad man trying to escape. He jumped out of a nearby window and splashed in the lake.
Francois and William looked from the window.
“Wow that was darn high for a jump like that. I hope he is all right though.” added François.
The heroes looked out the window for a few moments searching the waters.
“Wait a minute. Look, he is surfacing. I think he is fine now, let’s go.” said William.
“Yes, our friends are waiting for our help.” replied Francois.
Meanwhile in another location in the castle...
“It looks like they are in this secret room. Let us go see.” said Alexander to Lena and Gaspar.
The small group went across the room to take a look. They cautiously approached the door that was somewhat opened and Alexander took a peek inside. He gestured his friends who were behind to come join him.
“I think this is it. There are some strange things going on in this room. Luckily enough the sorcerer in his haste forgot to close the door properly.” said Alexander.
Gaspar took a quick peek in the room barely lit. It was moldy and dusty, full of books and bookcases. There were vials of different ingredients spread all over the place. It looked pretty much like a mad man’s laboratory but it was huge and somber. In the middle of all of this, a big kettle was brewing over a huge fire. Gaspar was able to recognize the telltale signs of chemistry work.
“Yes there she is. She is doing the ritual in this room.” said Gaspar.
“What do we do now?” asked Alexander.
“We have to stop her at all cost. She must not succeed in drinking the potion she is brewing now. We have to distract those big body guards over there otherwise we will not be able to get to the Queen.”
Alexander signaled at two little skunks that had joined them earlier to come closer. He whispered something in their ears and they giggled.
“Ok then, Dinky and Dingy, do you think you can do this?” Alexander asked.
“Yes Alexander, it will be easy for us.” replied Dinky.
Being black and hard to see in the dark the two little skunks easily sneaked in near the guards. They positioned themselves close to them.
Gaspar asked Lena and Alexander to move to different places in the room. A few minutes passed and everyone was in place. All of a sudden a little bell rang and the little skunks started to run everywhere in the room. The guards stunned by the presence of the two little animals soon started to run after them.
The Queen surprised at this turn of event started to scream.
“What is this?” she said as she was looking at the guards running. She was barely able to make out the little animals whom were running in circles in the far end of the room.
“Get them you fools if they spray, we won't be able to stay inside and finish this. They must not interfere! Get them you fools!” screamed the Queen.
The little skunks finally ran out of the room as the guards were chasing them and as soon as they were out, the door closed behind them much to the astonishment of the Queen.
“What is this? Wait, you fools! Come back!” she screamed. It was too late, they were in the other room and could not come back him. They were knocking on the door but they had been locked out and could not get in.
The Queen was livid and enraged. She turned around to Rashid and gave him an ugly stare.
“They are here now Rashid! Hurry up and finish this potion as I hunt the ones responsible for this!” said the Queen as she picked up a torch from the wall. She started walking around the room looking for the intruders.
Rashid continued making the potion, visibly shaken and looking up every few seconds to make sure no one would jump out of the shadows to go after him.
Still trying to find out what was going on the Queen heard a voice out of the shadows.
“Joanka, your time has come to pay for your sins!” said the voice.
The Queen abruptly turned around, surprised.
“Who is this? Who dares invade my sanctum like this? Show yourself so I can see who you are!” she screamed.
Gaspar came out of the shadows of the room and then paused, looking at the Queen with a defiant look.
“Who or what are you supposed to be little one?” she said in an angered tone.
“I am here to finally put an end to the curse that you brought upon this land Joanka.” said Gaspar standing solid on his staff.
“What did you say vile animal? You intend to do me hill? Do you think I am unharmed demon critter?” she screamed.
“You have made a grave mistake by invading my castle and coming directly for me. I have learned a few tricks from that fool sorcerer. No one will stop me, not even a beast from the bowels of hell.” she yelled.
“Is that so?” asked Gaspar bracing himself on his staff.
“Oh, I think so!” replied the Queen as she let out a mad laugh.
She took a defensive position with her body. Her hands started glowing and a few moments later she started to throw some lightning bolts at Gaspar. The raccoon had barely time to escape the first wave fired at him as he rolled out of harm’s way as the floor got scorched from the arcane bolts.
As she saw that Gaspar had escaped the first shots she continued to emit more bolts at the raccoon that was jumping from place to place to avoid the deadly missiles intended for him. This scene lasted for several minutes as Gaspar was avoiding her shots. All this time Alexander and the other were standing still, waiting in the shadows as per Gaspar’s previous orders before he engaged the Queen in the fight.
“Your reign of evil will end now!” shouted Gaspar as he landed on the floor in front of the Queen. He took his staff in his hand and tapped it down 3 times on the floor in front of him and a strange glowing sign started to grow from under his feet. The ground was shaking and electricity was cracking in the air all around him. Things started to rattle and fall over. The room was filling fast with a bluish light.
Everyone in the room was in awe. The Queen and the sorcerer had no idea as to what was happening in front of them. Lena and Alexander thought it was the end of the world for them.
The light became brighter and all of sudden a ball of energy engulfed Gaspar. It grew for a few moments as Gaspar seem to vanish within it. Another red glow started to appear in the sphere and it was getting bigger by the moment.
The people in the room could see a human form starting to take shape in the energy ball and then as suddenly as it started, it died out and dissipated. Where the was once an energy ball a form stood up. Everyone in the room was stunned at this. No one understood what had just happened before their eyes. Alexander and Lena could not believe the sight before their eyes.
The Queen still in shock squinted and looked at the form more closely and became immediately enraged.
“No, no it can't be. I was told you were dead, long gone! How can this be.” she muttered.
“Good will always triumph over evil.” replied the form.
The Queen took a few steps back in fear.
Standing there was Samlinel, the mage. The only one that had been able to stand against the Queen thru the ages. He had been Gaspar all along.
“Curse you for all eternity Samlinel. You are supposed to be dead! My guard told me you had vanished, never to be seen again. How can you be alive?” she asked.
“You guard have deceived you my Queen. When one of your men attacked me I put a spell on him to tell you that I had died when he brought you the news. I decided to hide myself until the proper time had come to resurface. I decided to share my powers with another being to make sure that no matter what, there would be an end to your malefic ways.” the mage said.
The Queen took a few steps back bumping into a table and steadying herself on it. There was a deep silence for a few moments as the two arch foes looked at each other.
“No matter fool. I shall end this once and for all. You are not worthy of what has been given to you. Your kind will never rule this kingdom” sneered the Queen.
“I will never give my throne up for you or anybody else, mage! I shall destroy you and all who stand in my way.” she continued.
“You cannot win Joanka. Your castle is being invaded as we speak. Your troops are being defeated and all shall come to an end.” replied the mage.
He pointed his staff towards the Queen and an arcane bolt of light shot from the diamond on its end. The Queen barely had time to raise her hands and throw some sort of force field around herself trying to deflect the deadly bolt. Nevertheless, some of the shot still went thru the Queen’s shield and hit her on the shoulder which made her stumble back in pain.
Upon seeing this Rashid become real concerned with the chain of events and decided to stay close to the Queen. He did not know what to do. The Queen was by now far his superior and Rashid who was the cowardly type, preferred to let others do his dirty work for him.
After almost falling on the floor the Queen got up and again started to throw a round of fireballs at Samlinel who jumped avoiding the barrage of super-heated plasma.
Seeing that the Queen would be using this tactic to fight, he ran and grabbed a shield from the wall to protect himself from the deadly bolts.
“You should stop Joanka. You will set fire to everything around you and destroy everything and your precious castle.” said Samlinel.
The mage directed his staff at the fires the bolts had started and they were extinguished by a magical freeze ray.
Seeing this Joanka unleashed a flurry of arcane beams towards Samlinel. The beams hit the shield which started to glow red because of the intensity of the rays. Still the embattled mage was pushing forward, shield in hand and staff in the other.
He was getting closer and closer to the Queen and at the last moment jumped high and straight at her while she was shooting at him.
Before he could reach her she unleashed a tremendous burst of energy that sent Samlinel flying back almost to the other end of the room. He finally landed on his back and slid backwards on the rough wooden floor. The mage was in extreme pain from the blow.
The Queen laughed madly.
“See you meddling fool! This is what happens to all who oppose me. One way or another they have failed as shall you. Don't you think I don't remember our encounters from long ago. I have learned how to deal with you. You cannot destroy me.” the Queen said moving towards the mage.
Samlinel was dizzy and everything around the room spun for him but he shook up the cobwebs and then he pointed his staff at the Queen again and shot a huge blue ray from his staff that hit the Queen who barely had time to raise another arcane shield. She shrieked in pain and fell to the ground.
“Demon! Curse you!” she yelled looking at her clothes that were singed now.
Samlinel stood up again and struck the ground with his staff. Parts of the floor started to move and rise and a shockwave went towards the Queen and struck her. She had raised her shield again and most of it went around her and the kettle she was protecting.
“Stupid fool, my shield will protect me from anything physical you can throw at me. You know you cannot destroy me. You have tried the very same tactics before and you were defeated.” she screamed.
“No Joanka, I had to wait to gather my strength and with the help of my friends, we will end this one way or the other.” replied Samlinel.
Samlinel again raised his staff and started to shoot bolts at the Queen. While he was doing this he screamed to Alexander.
“Alexander! You are the one who has the power to deal with Joanka. You need to put some of your hair in the kettle, it contains almost all of the powers of the Andras stone. It will destroy the potion and the Queen.”
Alexander who was in hiding with Lena came out and started running towards the kettle.
“No!” screamed the Queen as she started to shoot some fireballs towards Alexander. Samlinel took his staff and projected some type or arcane shield in front of the fireballs just in time to protect Alexander.
“Go!” Samlinel screamed. “Don’t stop I will hold the shield to protect you!”
Alexander was running from left to right trying to avoid the fireballs while Samlinel was trying to raise a shield every time the Queen blasted a plasma ball away towards Alexander.
“Oh no you little insignificant thing! You won't get me! I will see to that!” screamed Joanka.
The Queen raised her arms up in the air then shot an arcane shot at the ceiling just above Samlinel destroying part of it and debris fell on him. Surprised at the move, he did not have time to protect himself with anything and got hit. He fell on the ground in pain, buried in rubbles.
“There, I have you now!” screamed the Queen as she laughed madly.
“You fool! Don’t you realize that you are just a peon. You are nothing to me. I will make you feel my undying wrath as I crush the life out of you and destroy the little demons who are with you!” said the Queen.
Alexander was still going for the kettle and the Queen was still shooting at him from her other hand. Lena was watching from her hiding place and was worried that Alexander would get hit by the Queen’s deadly rays as she got closer and closer to hit the little rabbit.
After a few moments of uncertainty and dodging the fireballs thrown at him he finally reached the kettle and jumped, landing precariously on the brim of the kettle. He reached on top of his head and took some of his hairs and dropped them in the kettle.
The Queen seeing this jumped and tried to grab the lock of hair that was falling in the kettle. She screamed at the sight of her hand trying to grab the hair as she shot another ray that directly hit Alexander who flew far away. He finally hit a wall and fell on the ground. The Queen also fell on the ground as she missed grabbing the hair and there was an intense moment of deep silence.
Softly the hair fell. It seemed to float down and down in a waltz that seemed to take forever, and then it finally hit the potion. A few moments passed, nothing was happening.  Suddenly the insides of the cauldron started to glow. Energy started to come out of it. Rays of red lights were flying upwards and sparks of every colors started to fly. It was like a fireworks show was coming out of the kettle.
The Queen on the ground was shrieking, crying for help as the lights grew brighter.
Everyone was suddenly engulfed by these strange lights. A few seconds later a huge shockwave was shot away from the center of the kettle which went outside the room and then outside the castle. This shockwave went on and on and far from the castle. People were able to see a tidal glow coming at them. Some people started to run away, trying to escape this phenomenon. For some, this was one of the most frightening things they had seen in their entire life.
At the castle Samlinel who was semi-conscious under the ceiling’s rubbles looked at the blinding scene hand partially covering his eyes.
The remaining lights were bathing the Queen who was screaming in pain.
“Thank you Alexander. You have fulfilled your destiny.” said Samlinel.
The Queen started to glow from inside out. Then in the blinding flash of the light the Queen started to crackled and started to burn as she shrieked.
Samlinel who was now getting up was watching horrifying scene as the Queen was burning up right in front of them. Rashid had also started to burn much like the Queen. Then all of this suddenly stopped. There was huge arcane explosion that filled the room once again. The Queen and her sorcerer were gone, vanished!
Lena went to Alexander’s side and she picked him up gently.
“Alexander, please wake up! Wake up! Please tell me if you are ok.” Lena was shaking Alexander but there was no response from him, he was standing still. Not moving.
“No!” screamed Lena “This can’t be! I don’t want you to die on me, not like this. I love you Alexander, please don’t go.” she said, tears flowing down her face.
Samlinel finally arrived where they were.
“Please let me help out Lena.” he told his companion who was in shock of the situation.
He put his hand on the rabbit head and a glow came out of his hands. Lena was looking at the scene all mesmerized. Samlinel concentrated and a burst of energy came out of his hand and it went thru the little rabbit.
“There, the last thing has been done. I have righted all the wrongs that I and our ancestors have all done to this land.” Samlinel said.
A few moments later the bunny started to stir. Lena started to cry of joy. Alexander opened his eyes and looked at his friends.
“Oh, I don't feel good.” he said scratching his head.
Lena took him in her arms and was hugging him real hard. Then all of a sudden he started to glow like the Queen did a few minutes before.
“No! No! What is happening now? Please don’t let this happen to you too Alexander.” screamed Lena.
Lena started to panic at the sight of what was going on.
“What is going on Samlinel?”she screamed as she looked at the mage.
“A most wonderful thing young one, just look.” as he pointed to Alexander.
Samlinel and Lena backed off a bit from Alexander who was now engulfed in a sphere of light.
Inside this sphere, Alexander was changing. The onlookers could see that his skin was starting to crackle and glow.
“What is going on? Something is happening to me, make it stop please!” he screamed to Samlinel.
Lena stretched her arm out trying to reach Alexander. Suddenly, she fell to the ground and was suffering the same fate as Alexander was going thru. They were transforming, changing, within the spheres you could make out humans forms. This lasted for several minutes and suddenly it was over and they were lying on the floor of the room.
“Oh, my head hurts. What has happened?” asked Alexander.
“Stay calm, relax and gather your strength for a moment. You have done it.” replied Samlinel, “You channeled all the powers of good into destroying the dark Queen. She is gone now. Her reign of tyranny is over and we are free. See, look around you. She is nowhere to be found my friends.” said the mage.
“But how? What happened to me, to us? What is going on?” asked Alexander in disbelief while Samlinel helped him sit down on a chair.
“I told you once that we were not what we seemed to be. Now everything is back to normal and order has been restored.” he replied.
“You have both reverted to your true forms and into dashing looking young people as I can see. It is a bit hard and disorienting for the first few minutes to be back as humans.” said Samlinel.
The group started to get out of the room and in the throne room. They made their way out of the many corridors and finally were able to get to the courtyard that was filled with as many people as there was animals that had come in to attack the castle to begin with. They were cheering, crying, some were scared not knowing what had just happened to them but all knew that things had changed forever.
The fighting has stopped amongst the guards and the animals. They were as surprised as everyone else at this strange turn of events.
“The dark Queen is gone now. Send your messengers to all the corners of the kingdom. Tell everyone that the tyranny of the Queen is over. Tell them that she is gone and that you can live free again.” he told the crowd.
Everyone screamed and cheered out for Samlinel and Alexander. François and William who also had turned into dashing looking humans had run downstairs, cheering and screaming their joy. They both jumped at Samlinel and Alexander and hugged them and smiled.
“Hooray my friends! We have done it. We have regained our freedom.” said Francois.
“We had a good day!”Alexander shouted to the group.
“We have achieved peace and freedom for all. Let us never forget this. Let’s honor those who fought for us before and did not succeed in defeating the dark Queen.” said Samlinel.
“Yes, the cost was immense but we succeeded. Let us leave this sad place and forget its dark past. We need to rebuild our world.” said Samlinel looking at the people in the courtyard.
Eventually, the people left the castle singing and cheering telling each other of what they had done to help and admiring what they had become in the process. After some time, all over the kingdom those who were transformed back into humans returned to their old villages and started rebuilding their formers homes. Samlinel explained to everyone what had happened and as to why they had become human again. News of the fall of the Queen spread to the other kingdoms and prosperity flourished again.
For many months after this momentous day, people celebrated, playing bagpipes, flutes and drums to celebrate that wonderful day. It was amazing to hear them play songs of joy and celebration. Those adventurers lived prosperously for the rest of their lives and told their adventures to their descendants. Storytellers were proud to spread this tale all around in the other surrounding kingdoms for centuries to come. Good will always triumph over evil....
The End
About the Author
Bruno Bernier is an IT Procurement Analyst who writes short stories in his spare time. This book is his first release. He is a big fan of comic books, films and music of all kinds. He is a daydreamer seeking fame and fortune. You can follow the Facebook page of this book right here: https://www.facebook.com/LakeLohmeedFallOfTheDarkQueen and on http://www.brunobernier.com
Do not forget to post your impressions of the book or comments. I hope you have enjoyed this short story and I am looking forward to sharing more of these with you in the near future. Drop in from time to time to check my library of books. I appreciate your time. See you later. Bye for now.
Bruno
