

*****

TASTE FOR BLOOD
STIR
Nephil-Vamp Series, Book 1
By Jenna Bernel

*****


Smashwords Editon, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Taste For Blood
STIR
Nephil-Vamp Series, Book 1
by Jenna Bernel


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Jenna Bernel
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to historical events or locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  The author holds all rights to this work.  It is illegal to reproduce this novel without written consent from the author herself.
For information:
http://jennabernel.com
Cover Photos by istockphoto.com
Cover Design by J.R. Nelson

Table of Contents
Chapter 1:  The Basement
Chapter 2:  Red Champagne
Chapter 3:  Turned
Chapter 4:  Haunted
Chapter 5:  Meet & Greet
Chapter 6:  Welcome to Mapleton
Chapter 7:  Mangled Creations
Chapter 8:  Nowhere to Run
Chapter 9:  Backed into a Corner
Chapter 10:  Detention
Chapter 11:  Sneaking In
Chapter 12:  Carpooling
Chapter 13:  Revolutionary
Chapter 14:  Theory of Evolution
Chapter 15:  Charmed, I'm Sure
Chapter 16:  Tainted Scenery 
Chapter 17:  The Only Solution
Chapter 18:  Stirred
Chapter 19:  Our Situation
Chapter 20:  Bad Boys
Chapter 21:  Beaches & Blowouts
Chapter 22:  Shut it Out
Chapter 23:  The New Mission
About Jenna Bernel


Chapter 1:  The Basement

I sat patiently on the barstool as the scenery unfolded before me, seemingly unimpressed with the strobe-lit room.  Although I've trained myself to look expressionless, my insides coursed with adrenaline, contradicting my appearance.  It was difficult to hide it because on these nights, I was practically illuminated internally from the thrill of power flowing through me.  My stomach clenched with twisted excitement as I allowed myself to take in their scents and listened to their pulses running hot and flowing fast as they danced, distracting my attention from the heavy beat of the mixed music.  The flashing lights and glow sticks streaked across their faces, revealing their carefree expressions as they gyrated in harmony, completely oblivious to the reality that they could easily be the next victims.  They were like glittering sparks, twirling around in the middle of this graying, abandoned warehouse, unwittingly about to catch fire until there was nothing left of them, but a pitiful pile of ash.  
I casually look over my manicured nails while scoping out the room.  I couldn't help closing my eyes and taking another deep breath as my instincts begin to consume me.  When I release this side of me, emotions quickly fade and my heightened senses dominate my judgment.  As I take in the sweet, sticky, sweat-laden air, I'm instantly enticed by the different hints of sunflower, nutmeg, and an array of other spices pouring from their veins, asking for a taste.  I continue to breathe in the mixture of aromas, telling me that Fall is near as I wait for Eli.  I'm rapidly finding it difficult to think clearly.  I snap my eyes back open, holding my breath.  If I rely purely on instincts in this state of mind, I could be in trouble, and fast.  I have to stay focused.  My life depends on it.  
My focus is the only thing that keeps me alive in the city, because its surroundings have a way of making me hazy if I allow it, owing to their design.  Chicago holds many secrets, as do I to say the least, and that is exactly why I'm at this pop-up club tonight.  It's operated by a very exclusive circle with certain parts accessible by invitation only, and for one night only.  
Tomorrow it will revert to its run-down, burnt out condition, and no one will be the wiser to the events that occurred here, just the way they like it.  Next week, the secret club will be in another bad neighborhood, in another abandoned building where you invariably have to be on the list to go beyond the dance floor and into The Basement.  And for this particular kind of Basement, I always have an invitation.  
When I was first approached by a member, I was shopping in a boutique down on Michigan Avenue.  He walked right up to me while I was inspecting a cashmere sweater, deciding if I liked the neckline.  I'll never forget the way he pulled it down slowly from my view with his index finger, like he was opening a curtain, only the feature of the show was his flawless, breathtaking face.  
He looked like a teenage model who had just stepped out of a magazine spread, but when I caught his scent and realized what he was, I assumed he was much older than he appeared.  The striking mystery man didn't say a word, but handed me a dark maroon token and gave me a hint of a smile while scanning my curves. His smile would make any hot-blooded girl's stomach do a soft roll of pleasure.  I was impressed by his day-walker ability, which is very rare, but I took his luscious leer more as an insult, as if I were a hooker who had just agreed to take his hotel room key.  In his dreams.  
He turned to leave, but suddenly did a sharp one-eighty, startling me backward, as he gently cupped the small of my back to recover my stumble, and pulled me in close as if we were going to dance.  He swooped down to nuzzle my neck, while taking a single inhale of my perfume with callous disregard that he was a complete stranger to me.  He spun out, and quickly walked away from our intimate embrace before I could punch a hole all the way through his stomach.  I was so stunned by his brazen approach that I didn't move for five minutes after he disappeared into a sea of clothing racks.  Sometimes I still wonder if that was one of his Gifts, and if he had temporarily paralyzed me, because I'll never admit that I wanted to stand there and absorb his intoxicating cologne until I had committed each fragrant note of beach air and ocean to memory.  
The token and the arrogant Adonis remained in my thoughts for days.  The maroon disc that looked like a custom made poker chip was adorned with a single black mark, our mark.  This intrigued me to the point of insanity, and even though at the time, I didn't mingle with our kind, I had to know what it was for.  After many nights of troubleshooting, I realized it was an invitation.  I managed to finally find an address and date on the back, which could only be seen under black light.  Figures.  
I smiled to myself, realizing it was past the one year anniversary of my first time.  I should have made a cake or something.  Maybe blood orange batter with a cherry-infused icing would have been the appropriate confection for the occasion.  Yes, that's exactly what he smelled like.  He was special, and what started it all.  After our encounter, something truly amazing happened.  Through the darkness, I saw an opportunity, and finally a purpose.  I had struggled for so long to come to terms with what I am, and on that fateful night, I found a place where I belonged.  At The Basement, I discovered something that allowed me to be myself in a way that I never could be otherwise.
Another spike of adrenaline rushed through me, and I knew it was time.  I wished Eli would hurry up because I could feel myself losing control.  I unclipped my clutch to double check that I had my token, now feeling anxious to move into the next room.  The bartender saw me open my clutch and nodded in my direction, waiting for me to scream my drink order over the music, but I waved him off.  I don't scream.  I locked eyes with him until I could feel the amethyst color of my irises begin to brighten in a manner that only our kind could detect.  My gaze sent a shimmer of subtle light over his face, and I knew I had him.  I curled my finger, from his direction toward mine, and he obediently walked over to me, leaning over the bar where I sat, waiting desperately for me to whisper something, anything into his ear.  
"It's not polite to ask a lady to shout over this horrendous crowd, you know?" I lilted quietly in his ear.  
"Of course, you're right, I'm sorry.  Please, can I get you a drink?  Free of charge for your troubles." He scanned his eyes across my features in that all too familiar fashion, and I had to fight the urge not to gouge them from his head, since in all fairness, I started it.  I wasn't thirsty right now anyway, at least not for anything he could serve me. 
"I'm not particularly thirsty, but thank you for renewing my faith in mankind.  It is so nice to know we still have gentlemen such as you left in this city."  I kept my gaze softly fixed on him as I reached out and brushed my metallic fingernails down his stubbly cheek.  
"Now promise you will treat all of these young ladies in here tonight as kindly as you have me."  I gave him a hint of a smile, and he vigorously nodded as if the faster he agreed to my commands, the greater his chances were with me.  
"Quit playing with the help, Dani.  We have business to attend to," a familiar voice said from behind me.  As he came into my peripheral vision, my smile bloomed.  He smelled just like blood oranges mixed with cherries.  He shoved the guy off the barstool beside mine, taking it for himself, and the collared-shirt college boy stumbled back, hitting the floor with Eli's effort.  The surprised partier quickly hopped onto his feet and puffed up his chest, readying for a fight.  I had to suppress the urge to laugh and was tempted to shove him too, just for my own amusement.
"Walk away," Eli said, looking into the guy's eyes, and the Trance instantly took over.  I could see the amber glow on the guy's overly fake-baked face, which matched Eli's hazel-colored eyes.  He immediately obeyed Eli's command, and turned on his heels, walking into the swirl of writhing bodies that blurred into a single slow motion blob on the dance floor.  
"That was rude," I teased, breaking my gaze from the bartender, not that I really cared.  The stubble-faced bartender stood there like a clueless idiot, staring blankly at me for a few moments, blinking his way back to reality, and no doubt, forgetting why he was in front of me in the first place. He quickly walked off, looking embarrassed, to serve some other party girls who were waving bills and boobs around for his attention.  Thanks to me, they wouldn't be losing their voices tonight, but if they had a nip slip because of those strings, which they masqueraded as tops, that was all on them.  
"I don't care if it's rude.  I'm so sick of these wannabe frat boys getting in my face at The Basement, while I have to act like I couldn't snap them in half with one punch.  The next one to wear on my nerves is getting his Polo-wearing-ass kicked," Eli said with a snort.  
"Come on, Eli, you know the rules.  What's bugging you?"  I asked rhetorically because obviously, something was bothering him.  Eli was usually the epitome of cool and collected, especially at the club, so his mood was certainly unusual.  
"I just saw Audrey on the surveillance camera," Eli stated bitterly.  
"Audrey? Your ex-girlfriend, Audrey?"  I asked, and he nodded with a tight jaw.  I vaguely remembered meeting an Audrey a few months back, but he hadn't talked about her since, so it's not like he was still super attached.  Then I slowly looked over my shoulder and realized what he meant.  We only had surveillance in one place.  She was in The Basement.  I sighed, unsuccessfully trying to extract a genuine emotion of caring, which right now became difficult for me.  I dug deep and "played human" the best I could for a moment, placing my hand on his back to convey my sympathy.  
"I'm sorry Eli," I said quietly.  
"God dammit!"  His emotions were slipping, which was a huge Eli no-no when we were on a mission. Now he was breaking his own rule. A little show like this was the quickest way to get our asses fried.  He needed to remain a shadow around here.  If we were discovered, there were other back rooms we could be dragged into that I wanted absolutely nothing to do with.  In his frustration, he angrily pounded his fists on the bar top.  He hit the bar so loudly that, because of his strength, I feared it might shatter beneath his touch.  I swiftly grabbed his hands to stop the second splintering result.  Some eyes wandered in our direction since the sound managed to even overpower the music.  With my hands cupped over his white-knuckled fists, I squeezed them furiously tight, my way of telling him to shut the hell up and relax, before dropping them in his lap.  It was important to stay under the radar here.  They didn't tolerate any of their rules being broken.  I pulled his hood further over his head after it slipped slightly back in his outburst.  I'd seen unpleasant fates play out for those caught breaking the rules, and we risked that every time we came here.  
I surveyed the room, making eye contact with any lingering stares until each face held a familiar purple glow.  “You saw nothing.  If asked, you won't even recall seeing a handsome guy with short brown hair at the bar tonight; now go dance," I said under my breath, and the glow fell away from their faces as the few witnesses mindlessly walked towards the dance floor with no recollection of why they felt the urge to do so.  
Eli looked at me with a lopsided grin and said, "Handsome guy, huh?"  He looked more apologetic for the outburst than flirtatious, so it was hard to take the comment seriously.  I brought my silver-tipped fingers to his cheek and smiled, tracing them down the length of his neck like I was searching for a pulse to feel beneath my fingertips. 
"I forgot to say, oh so ruggedly delicious too," I purred seductively until my eyes began to brighten. As the shimmer washed over his chiseled face, he laughed, pushing away my hand.  
"Don’t even play that game with me.  You know that crap won't work."  He was smiling wider now.  
"But you already said the help was off limits, so who else am I supposed to play with?"  I said, pouting out my lower lip with a look of disappointment, which only deepened his smile, letting me know that I had successfully cheered him up the best way I knew how.  He loved knowing my Trance still didn't work on him, and he loved it even more when I reminded him of it.
"Well then, let's go find you a playmate," Eli said, wagging his eyebrows, and I bit my lower lip while nodding excitedly.  
"Ready?"  Eli slid off the barstool, which groaned with relief from his muscular build, and offered his hand out to help me.  He is a true gentleman, and never needs prompting, like the bartender.  I took his hand with a small smile and steadied myself, stepping off the stool until I felt grounded in my sky-high heeled boots.  Not that I needed Eli's help for balance, but I accepted his gesture anyhow.  He rested his palm on my hip and dipped his head down to my ear as he handed me the wallet size photo. 
"It's the usual set-up in there.  There's an exit connected to the last of the private rooms, on the right hand side of the hall, that opens into the alley.  I'll be waiting whenever you're ready.  Remember, Dani, forever grateful."  Eli gently squeezed my hip where his palm rested on my mark.  The warmth of his skin radiated against the seal that changed my whole life as he stepped away from me.  
That's what he always said to me, "forever grateful." It was his way of reminding me why I was really here tonight, and to ensure I didn't get carried away.  Eli was the first one I ever turned, and now he was my partner and dear friend.  When I thought of what we'd built together, I knew there was no going back.  This was my life now and who I am.  As a safety precaution, we couldn't be seen together mingling, let alone touching, in case I was ever discovered.  So I quickly grabbed my Dior clutch from the bar, and Eli swept back into the darkness of the club to wait for me on the other side.  
When I reached the opposite side of the dance floor, leading to the small discreet opening of the pitch-black hall, I took a moment to memorize the face in the snapshot Eli gave me before crumpling it up and stuffing it in my purse.  The dark, curved hallway on the opposite side of the bar looked deserted and hazy.  Even though bursts of strobe light reflected from the dance floor, the bits of flash seemed swallowed up by this corridor, as if no amount of fluorescence would ever be enough to transform it from anything but obscure.  
As I ambled down the hallway, the lights gave way completely, leaving nothing but blackness ahead, probably to scare off any drunken, curious humans who dared wander down here without an escort.  My body responded to the opaque darkness accordingly and my eyes properly adjusted so I could see more clearly, as if it were dusk instead of midnight.  My heels clicked against the cement, creating an echo to warn the bouncer of my approach.  I reached the end of the hall at the foot of a staircase and immediately caught the scent of his presence at the base of the steps, guarding the door.  Judging by his aroma, he was Gifted like me.  We always smelled of rose water, but he was definitely no Infinity, as the rose water was too weak.  He probably had some super-strength ability, making him the honored candidate of the 7th Circle, assigned to watch over their club door like a trained dog.    
I was halfway down the staircase when I saw the enormous man, standing forebodingly in front of a steel door.  His pupils were so large from the hours of standing there with his night vision that they looked like black lava rocks, seemingly capable of burning a hole through you if you stared too long.  His lips crept into the slightest smile when he took a breath, a confirmation from the usually emotionless bouncer about what I'd heard: that his boss loves having Infinities at her club because it drives up membership.  Without a word, I opened my clutch and flashed him the maroon token.  I returned the token to my purse, and even though my scent alone confirmed it, they were quite strict about protocol here.  I lifted up the silky material of my blouse just enough to reveal the mark that sat right inside my hipbone.  
He nodded with approval, stepping aside to let me pass, while not so subtly peering straight down my blouse.  He used his height to take advantage of the view of my cleavage, and almost snorted when he deeply inhaled my perfume.  I officially lost my patience.  I snapped my neck up and hissed, my fangs descending from my canines, sharp and gleaming white in the reflection of his onyx eyes, ready to rip him to shreds.  He knew the rules, and that I was, without question, an Infinity.
I'd learned a lot about the rules of our kind by frequenting these seedy establishments, and that stranger in the boutique who so blatantly nuzzled my neck was the last to do so without my permission.  I didn't invite this mammoth pig's attention, and I was no blood whore to be gawked at with his disgusting snout.  He stopped his breathing and shifted his eyes immediately to the ceiling in embarrassment, no doubt combined with the valid fear of being reported.  As a bouncer for The Basement, he was probably not used to this kind of confrontation.  Maybe most girls would have ignored him.  Normally, I would have too, but I was in no mood to be tolerant of seasoned Neanderthals tonight.  In fact, I was tempted to rip off this vamp’s head in order to ease my temper.
"Sorry madam, please proceed."  The towering bouncer said, opening the door and still looking at the ceiling while holding his breath.  I retracted my fangs, giving him a good glare before deciding to let it go.  I kicked my heel up and slammed it against the steel door, leaving a dent in it, instead of his face.  The red lights washed over me when I stepped into the second hall, and he quickly shut the door behind me, obviously relieved I was out of his over-gelled hair.  My eyes adjusted once again onto the door bearing our mark at the end of the red-soaked hall.  I walked slowly toward it, my blouse swaying from side-to-side as I dragged my fingers along the rough texture of the peeling wall, getting into the headspace for using my favorite, but most dangerous Gift.
This Gift required a significant amount of energy, and I already felt exhausted tonight.  A part of me wondered if I would have the strength to go through with it.  I took a few deep breaths, letting the heat of my tingling power blanket me.  I could feel my amethyst eyes shining from within, without restraint or concealment.  It was then that I felt my strength and resolve again.  "This is your purpose," I whispered quietly to myself, knowing I was ready to change someone's life tonight, forever.  


Chapter 2:  Red Champagne

When I opened the door painted with the ten-pointed star, its black, interlaced lines looked like the devil’s snowflake.  It was fitting in a way, because you would have thought I just stepped through a portal into the nether world.  You didn't have to be like me to see them now, because the danger of gathering so many of us in one space felt absolutely palpable, probably even to a human.  And it didn't help that droves of scantily clothed bodies oscillated on the dance floor, every one of them baring their perfectly polished fangs, while seductively dragging them over hands, arms and necks, as they grinded with their playmates.  
The red lit room pulsated from the bass, giving the whole space the sense of a living organism with a single heartbeat, and making it very appealing to its members.  I had to swallow down a smile and play it cool, but it was always exhilarating to be here.  To an outsider, it would have looked like something out of a bad Russian mobster movie gone terribly wrong, but I was in my element here, and it felt comfortable to me.
I moved through the crowd easily now, gliding across the floor with an elegant swiftness.  It might have looked like I was floating.  No clumsy teenager down here, just confident, “back-off bitches” Daniella.  I passed through the hot, sticky bodies of the blood whore pool, most of their escorts looking at me with approval.  They recognized the familiar rose water filling their senses and must have noticed my Infinity status, even if they didn't dare inhale me so crudely as the bouncer.  The attention always made me feel special in a way, although I'd never show it.  A part of me liked it because I certainly never got this level of attention in school.  Harper pretty much demanded it from those within a twenty-foot radius of her.  But now that I think of it, Harper insisted the whole damn population at Mapleton Prep bow to her feet just for gracing us with her presence.
I managed my way through the tightly packed dance area, saving my school woes for Monday.  This was my house, not Harper's, so I assertively took a seat at the glass bar that slowly turned different shades of blue, which when mixed with the red illumination, gave it the look of a pulsating vein, with one color bleeding into the next.  When the bartender turned, he smiled at my familiar face.  Brooks was the only employee here who wasn't regularly rotated out, like the bouncers and cocktail waitresses, probably because he had such a good rapport with The Basement members.  He was also the only one who knew anyone by name, and the only one allowed to ask it, for that matter.  As members moved, or turned new vamps and drained old blood whores, the scene was continually changing, but Brooks remained the same.  Since its location was always different, there was something comfortable about his consistency, which like everything else in The Basement, was probably by design.  I couldn't let my guard down with Brooks, as tempting as it was.  I had to remember whom he worked for.  
"Daniella, I'm so happy you came out tonight.  You look gorgeous," Brooks said, taking up my hand to kiss the top of it. I would have blushed if I were capable of doing so.  Brooks was so friendly, for a vampire anyway.  
"Looks to be a good crowd tonight, lots of newcomers," I said assessing the room, and he nodded in agreement.
"Thirsty?"  Brooks asked with a slight smile, as if it were some inside joke, even though the whole room was in on it.  
"Very," I replied with a wink.  He pulled a cobalt blue wine glass from its rack and set it in front of me.  Then he popped the cork of a dark green bottle and poured me a glass of the fizzy red liquid they call Red Champagne. It is really just a fancy name for carbonated blood, the specialty here and a favorite amongst the members.  Their carbonation technique has a way of bringing out all the exceptional flavor profiles that are unique to each bottle, or person, I should say.  I tested it with a small sip to see if I liked the bouquet.  
"Mmm, flowery," I said to Brooks with a salute of my glass in approval, and he smiled.  
"Only the best for our loveliest Infinity.  It's a new Italian vintage.  I drained him myself," he said proudly, pouring himself a glass.  I quickly took another sip and clanged my glass with his, toasting my approval.  
"I've known you too long for silly flattery, Brooks, but thank you?"  I said, turning my swiveled stool to watch the dancers.  The rhythm of the music reverberated through me as I let the effects of the Red Champagne take over.  I could feel my power becoming even stronger the longer I let it imbue my veins, as my neck almost visibly pillowed, and cloudy puffs of intoxicatingly irresistible pheromones, gave me an aura impossible to ignore.  I didn't always like it.  It often made me feel like a target, or someone's prey to claim, but as long as I stayed confident, I was the hunter in this warped game of cat and mouse.  I felt hundreds of eyes trying to find mine, wanting a signal for the next step, but I was only interested in one.  
Then, as the music slowed, and some dancers parted to go find private rooms with their blood whores, or mates for the night, or both, I saw him, Henry, the one whose face I crumpled up in my purse.  He was dirty dancing with a girl with short blonde hair, and her leather skirt was riding dangerously high on her thighs as he moved his hands over them.  His features were sharper and more distinguished now, but it was definitely him.  The blonde he was dancing with tilted her chin up to expose her neck, enticing him to go take her to a back room, and he dipped down to kiss her warm skin, as a PG preview.  I swirled my glass in slow, methodical circles and focused my energy in his direction.  Henry looked up at me through his lashes, his lips still firmly planted on the blonde's neck. I gave him a tilt of my glass, flashing my fangs before I swiveled in my stool to once again face the bar.  
"Find something you like?"  Brooks asked, his voice dripping with insinuation.  
"Maybe," I slowly shrugged, biting my lip ever so slightly and revealing just the tip of my right fang.
"He might be a little young for you, just turned six months ago," Brooks warned me.  He knew the blood of one as young as Henry wouldn't have the same effect for me as an older vampire would.  
"That's all right, Brooks; you know I like em' young.  They're always so appreciative of their first Infinity."  I looked up at him with a mocking innocence, and he smiled wide, revealing his own set of fangs.  
Then I felt him.  Henry accepted my invitation and was standing directly behind my right shoulder.  His cool, rapid breath bathed my skin as he was barely able to contain himself with the thought of sinking his teeth into me.  I had to move fast before he lost his composure, and bit me right out here in the open, an act for which he would surely be stricken down where he stood, by that mammoth pig bouncer, no less, for daring to break the rules of the 7th Circle.  
I turned my face toward him, just enough so he could see my profile.  "Hello," I gave him a slow blink, the long curl of my dark lashes almost reaching my brow line.
"Hello."  Henry's voice was husky and low with desire at the thought of taking a drink of my coveted blood, sure to give him the high of his life, especially for such a young vamp.  The blonde in the short skirt stumbled up next to him, almost bumping into my shoulder.  
"Are we going or what?  Hey…  don't I know you?"  She addressed me, her eyes squinting at me as she scrutinized my familiar profile through her foggy haze.  
Shit.  Her back was to me on the dance floor, but now I saw it was Audrey.  Her head was slouched on Henry's shoulder, too drunk and high to even hold it up, but of course, she had to recognize me tonight.  
Eli's ex, whom I only met once or twice was now a full-on blood whore.  No wonder he was upset when he spotted her on the camera.  She looked like a hot mess.  Dilated, yellowing eyes, fresh holes in her wrist and collarbone, she was clearly drunk off a combination of liquor and the toxin we release into their systems when we bite.  It's an addictive drug and very deadly for humans.  The toxin acts like heroin, and just like heroin, it hooks you first, then kills you sooner or later, but mostly sooner.  Audrey looked very close to her last drain.  The stupid ones think it's the same as our venom, falsely believing it'll eventually turn them into vampires and assume there's no real danger.  They’re too doped up to notice they're dying, not becoming immortal.  
"Who is this whore?  Doesn't your pet know not to address others when in your company?"  I snapped, recalling the club rule that tries to keep young, dumb vamps from brawling over blood.  Henry swallowed nervously, clearly worried he missed his chance with me, and tilted Audrey's chin up from his shoulder so she could see his eyes.  
A subtle blue shimmer found her face.  "Shhhhh."  Henry put his index finger to his lips as he made the sound, and Audrey nodded to his command.  I internally sighed with relief.  
"Shall we?"  Cutting out the usual small talk, I turned in my stool to face him now, and he nodded, too nervous to say another word and screw this up.  I set my wine glass on the bar and saw Brooks's crooked smile as we walked away.  
"Bring her for a snack, if you're willing to share," I said to Henry as I walked past him, taking the lead to the hall of rooms, and I knew he would.  He'd pretty much do whatever I said at this point, but I tried to keep it limited to minor requests.  
I didn't turn around.  I could hear Henry's eager breathing, along with Audrey's sloppy steps behind me as we walked.  I pursued the unlit corners beyond the open space of the club until I found the hall with at least a dozen doors on either side.  I didn't stop until I reached the last door on the right, as Eli instructed.  I heard nothing on the other side, giving me the unoccupied go-ahead, as I tentatively rotated the cold metal knob to enter.  My breath hitched ever so slightly when I walked through, my excitement getting the best of me, and hoped Henry didn't notice.  When I turned to face him, he was practically drooling now as his eyes focused on me.  
The room was nothing special, a dirty cement floor, a bed, and a chair.  You don't need much for what goes on back here.  I immediately located the second door in the room that led to the alley exit, confirming Eli's surveillance.  The door's soot-covered surface sat just past the bed on the left, and I knew he was waiting for me on the other side.  I sauntered over to the bed and sat down, flirtatiously patting my hand on the mattress for Henry to come join me.  
His eyes watched my hand on the bed before widening with delight at the thought of what else could happen between us tonight.  He wouldn't be getting that lucky. No one ever does.  A breeze brushed my face when Henry sat down next to me a second later; and Audrey practically collapsed into the chair as Henry moved in light-speed to my side, removing the support of his shoulder from her.  She was so drunk, she looked like she might topple right onto the floor.  I could see her underwear, her skirt was riding so high, as her head beer-bobbled from side-to-side.  Henry didn't even notice Audrey anymore.  In this small, faintly lit space, he was looking only at me, and when I met his eyes, he licked his lips with anticipation, raking his gaze over my entire body.  
"Is it really as great as everyone says?"  He asked, no longer able to silence himself, almost like a child asking if Santa really exists.  
"Better," I replied, pressing my hand on top of his.  If he still had a heartbeat, it would be racing right now.  When vampires share a taste, it's a magnificent high, and unlike blood whores, the toxin doesn't have the same fatal effects for us, although I often wonder if it is equally addictive.  Each time we share, the experience is always different because we are all unique, just like humans.  All vampires have similar traits and gifts, but our scents and attributes vary, and some of us are Gifted.  When you're Gifted, you have a power beyond that of a traditional vampire.  Infinities are even more rare because you not only get high from our blood, but whatever special Gifts we possess like telepathy, telekinesis, or invisibility, they're transposed to the receiving vampire for a short time.  Unless revealed by the Infinity, there is no telling what Gift you might be blessed with, even if only for an hour or two.  
I've seen many types of Gifts.  Most Infinities have more than one, and the possibilities are endless.  Since we tend to be private when speaking of our special talents, it's like playing the vampire lottery.  In our case, everyone is desperate to participate, and who wouldn’t want to? Especially when you're guaranteed to win.  Truthfully, we are greedy creatures, and the chance to possess an even greater power beyond that which we already have is an irresistible lure, and one of the reasons Infinities are so sought after.  
It took me a long time to learn about my kind, as well as the Vampire Hierarchy, and how I could use it to play my wild card in this hand of power poker.  Each time I lay down my cards, it feels like the first.  It was right here, in a room just like this, with a vampire that smelled of blood orange and cherries when I discovered what a taste of my blood could do.  It was a greater Gift than anyone could receive; and one droplet was all it took to hit the jackpot.
I lifted my dark, auburn hair, letting the long, shiny waves fall over my left shoulder, to expose the delicate, tawny skin of my neck.  I traced my hand along my collarbone, pulling at the strap of my silky top until it fell just over my shoulder.  Henry's eyes were fixed on my bare neck where it curves up to my earlobe and you would normally see the subtle pattering of a pulse.  The sight of my pulse was nonexistent, but Henry was so fixated, you would have thought he was hypnotized by its steady, invisible drumming, and I immediately felt anxious and paranoid.  
This was not good.  The more feelings that were stirred, the more danger I was in, so I quickly closed my eyes before I chickened out and aborted the mission.  Behind my closed eyes, I was picturing Henry's face, blushing with a happy smile, wearing a baseball cap over his messy hair, looking youthful and innocent like the photograph I memorized. 
 I leaned in toward him, and he took a deep, audible breath as he placed his soft, chilled lips on my skin in a gentle, polite kiss of gratitude before I heard the springing of his fangs.  I truly hoped he was grateful.  The small sharp blades pierced my flesh, and I gasped.  It somehow always took me by surprise, like sticking your hand out toward a snake.  You always flinch when it strikes.  My blood burned hot, the toxin from his bite making my head feel delightfully fuzzy as a thin trail of deep red trickled from my neck down my chest, staining my blouse. When he took his first drink, Henry pulled me closer, completely enraptured in ecstasy from his high, and I put my hand to the back of his head in preparation, trying to stay focused, despite my own enlightened sensations.  
Before he could swallow another drop, he shot upright up from my exposed neck, taking in a sharp groan of gurgled breath, and clutched at his throat like he was choking.  Then he grabbed his chest as if he were having a massive heart attack, and I kept my hold on his head, even though from my own high, it looked like he had two heads instead of one.  Soon his eyes went as wide as golf balls, bulging from their sockets, before rolling into the back of his skull and showing me their whites.
"It's going to be okay," I whispered as soothingly as possible when the weight of his head fell into my hand.  I eased him back onto the bed as he started convulsing wildly, and Audrey let out a small scream of surprise from her chair, while looking much more sober all of a sudden.  I jumped to her side in one leap, clasping my hand over her mouth as I looked into her yellowed, bloodshot eyes.
"Shut up," I snipped sharply.  The daze of my Trance took over her face and she nodded her head.  Not that they’re not used to hearing screams behind these doors, I just didn't want to risk anything.  With another super speed stride, I was at the exit door beside the bed.  It wouldn't open willingly.  They usually melted the lock shut so blood whores couldn't escape without being Tranced with a good cover story, as well as healing their puncture wounds first.  I gave the door a hard shove with my hip.  It practically popped off its hinges, but I wobbled from the effort, still feeling a bit fuzzy.  I let out a dopey giggle in my tingly haze, thinking someone probably heard me and was wishing to partake of the feisty time we must have been having in here.  
I peeled the door open the rest of the way, and the light from the alley's industrial lamp poured into the room, fully exposing Henry's violent seizure on the bed.  He was flopping so hard at this point, he was about to fall to the floor, but I had to keep moving.  I gave a small wave toward the brake lights I saw waiting at the opening of the alley, and heard the squeal of tires as Eli backed up his car before stopping right in front of the broken down door.  He jumped out of the car with a blow torch and tools in hand, ready to reattach the door.  I bolted back into the room and picked Henry up off the bed.  I gently placed him in the back seat of the car as he shook wildly in my arms.  
Eli frowned when he stepped inside and saw Audrey, "What the hell is she doing here?"  he asked, visibly annoyed to see his ex-girlfriend-turned-blood-whore in the room.  I looked back, and Audrey opened her mouth like she wanted to say something after the shock of seeing Eli standing there, but she didn’t speak, still obeying my Trance command.  
"She was Henry's tonight.  I had to take her.  Look at her.  She's on her last drain," I said, pointing at her emaciated shape.  
"Clearly," Eli said bitterly. 
"It's dangerous, though, you shouldn't have involved her."  He continued to vocalize his displeasure, crossing his arms while simultaneously lighting up the blow torch, as Audrey sprang up from the chair.  
I rolled my eyes at his intimidating display.  Thanks Eli, like she wasn't petrified enough.  "Do you really want to discuss this now?  We need to get the hell out of here.  I'll Trance her later, okay?  Now let's go!"  I said in a stern, but quiet voice.  My high was starting to wear off now, and I could begin to think more clearly.  
I yanked on Audrey's hand and practically threw her into the front seat of Eli's slick, black sedan.  "Now sit here and stay silent," I commanded, and she closed her mouth tight, looking confused.  She was on the verge of tears.  
I climbed in the back seat with Henry, laying his head in my lap.  I held down his arms and torso as his seizure continued.  I gently stroked his curly blonde hair, hoping that it soothed him, and that he would know he was not alone in this half-conscious, terrifying moment.  Eli finished repairing the door and jumped into the car, moving it at a slow crawl before turning off onto the street and slamming the pedal to the floor.  I glanced back at the building that would appear so different once the sun came up, and then looked down at Henry.  He would be quite different too.  His seizure was beginning to subside into a small, consistent tremor, and I knew my blood had reached his heart, and was now being replicated and pumped through each and every vein, turning him.  
"It's going to be okay," I whispered to Henry once more, as I caught Eli looking at me with concern through the rearview mirror.  He knew I was saying that to myself more than anyone else, and I leaned back, closing my eyes, continuing to stroke Henry's hair as Eli sped off into the night.  


Chapter 3:  Turned

"How is he?" I asked Eli as I clicked the door shut behind me, entering his makeshift lab or rather, tonight, his makeshift hospital room.  Henry was lying on the white sheet that covered the stainless steel table, hooked up to Eli's monitors.  The seizure had finally subsided an hour ago, which meant he was moving into the next phase of transformation, as Eli called it.  
"He's doing well.  It should start any minute now.  He's moving into phase two," he pointed his index finger, tapping at the monitor, his sleeve pulled up just enough from the motion to expose the ten-pointed star on the inside of his wrist.  You have to look closely and possess the sharper vision of a vampire to distinguish the difference, but Eli's mark was ever so slightly faded from onyx black to a smokier dark gray, one of the after effects of my special brand of Infinity.
When the venom of a vampire takes over your body, the ten-pointed star and its interlacing lines emerge from within, marking your skin for all eternity that you are no longer what you once were.  Our mark isn't a tattoo, but a rite of passage.  It was supposed to be an honor, a privilege even to bear the star.  You were now a devil's advocate at the top of the food chain for all time, but I disagreed.  To me, it was a permanent reminder that a person's soul and humanity had been stolen from him or her.  It symbolized the eternal destruction of any hope for having a family, while precluding life after death, and forever condemned the victim to remain on Earth with no compassion, love, joy, or even a true, beating heart.  
A beating heart…  I hugged Henry's manila case file tightly against my chest.  I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, waiting.  Then, a minute later, I heard the beep from the monitor, and my eyes flew back open to see for myself.  There on the screen in front of me, I saw the green steady spike of Henry's beating heart.  I looked down at him on the table, and sure enough, his chest began to rise and fall with each breath.  An emotion welled up in me that could only surface in a moment such as this.  I squeezed his file tighter against my chest, relieved it worked again, because there was always a small shred of doubt that I accidentally killed someone instead.  
I was hypnotized by Henry's methodical breathing. It was not like the breathing out of habit, or to smell the scents that surrounded you, like a vampire. Rather, it was like a human who breathed with a beating heart that needed to be fed with oxygen-filled blood.  I sighed with relief and looked up to see Eli smiling from ear-to-ear, just as happy as I with the results.  I suddenly wondered why my own heart refused to beat.  This was the moment I usually returned to, and a strange feeling of panic swept over me as the sight of Eli's throbbing, carotid artery was suddenly becoming deliciously appealing.  I knew I had spent too many hours this way, and felt myself slipping to the dark side.  
"You did good, kid."
I smirked and threw the file at Eli.  He snatched it right out of the air, his reflexes just as sharp as they were when he was vampire.  He knew I hated it when he called me “kid.”  Sure, I was only seventeen, and technically, he had been a vampire for five hundred years, until I accidentally turned him after venturing into a back room of The Basement with him for the first time over a year ago.  But now he looked to be about twenty, and would continue to age as I did, as Mother Nature intended before the devil stepped in.  I swallowed a lump in my throat at the thought.  I didn't know how much longer Eli and I could keep this up before Brooks, the bartender, mentioned to his boss that he thought he saw some crow’s feet forming around my eyes.  Eli's jaw set into a frown as he noticed I shifted into worrying mode.
"Can't you ever just live in the moment and be happy with what you've done tonight?  You gave Henry his life back.  You gave his parents their son back.  Tomorrow he will wake up with a beating heart and you can tell him he can go home.  He will knock on his family’s door six months after his sudden disappearance, and being presumed dead.  He will hug his little sister, who for the first time in what seems like forever, won't have to cry herself to sleep.  You did that, Daniella.  You did that.  And even if we age, or get caught, or God forbid, get killed, we are making a difference now, and that's what really matters," Eli sighed out the last portion of his speech, definitely revealing that he had spent more time on Earth than your average twenty-year-old.  
It was corny, as Eli often was, learning to be a real human again instead of a TV version.  He was navigating this new life the best he could, and was truly sincere in his words as the poster boy of our cause.  He never showed me an ounce of resentment for what I'd done to him, and we became the Save Humanity Dream Team ever since.  Everything he said came truly from his heart, and he used it as much as was humanly possible.  I never cried, but this was as close as I got to doing so.  
I lifted my fingers to feel my cheeks, which were now warm to the touch.  My blood began to spark with heat as it started pumping through my veins.  I concentrated on taking in the air before my eyes went wide as a pulse struck my heart.  I sucked in a sharp breath, now in need of the oxygen, and felt the slow, steady thumping of my heartbeat returning.  Eli's little speech brought back the human side of me that I was forced to tuck away while on a mission.  The vampire within me is stubborn, and sometimes makes it difficult to find my way back, like my own form of drug that lingers too long sometimes after you take one more delectable hit.  
I felt like myself again, unassuming teenager and all.  I moved across the room and he smiled knowingly, observing the flush in my cheeks.  I gave him a big hug, feeling the drum of his own heart against my chest. 
"You're such a good friend, Eli," I said, squeezing him tighter before stepping back.  
"Anytime.  It looked like you were having some trouble with the transition, and you know I can't resist dishing out one of my classic, epic speeches," he said teasingly, punching my arm.  Even though it didn't hurt, I rubbed the spot instinctively, like a human.
"I'm exhausted.  I'm going to crash at Will's tonight," I said with a yawn, stretching my arms above my head.
"You know you can stay here.  I'll sleep on the couch," Eli offered.  I looked beyond the closed door, remembering Audrey's passed-out form, all curled up on the couch, and smiled.  Eli knew she was there too and would gladly sleep on the floor if I chose to stay.  He was just being the polite sweetheart he always was.  I would be the one who was forever grateful to have him as my partner in crime.  There was no way I could do any of this without him.
"No, that's okay.  I'll be back before Henry wakes up."  I looked down and brushed my hand against Henry's limp fingers, feeling the heat, and confirming he was really back before I headed toward the door.  I wanted to be sure I was close to the exit before confessing my thoughts to Eli.  I slowly faced him with my hand on the doorknob, prepared for a quick exit. 
"Audrey's asleep.  The Trance story is that you two bumped into each other and hooked up for the night, but afterwards, you decided to just be friends," I smiled as innocently as I could.  
"Great, nothing like the awkward morning of a non-one-night-stand with none of the benefits," Eli quipped, his jaw set irritably.
"I'm sorry.  It's the only thing I could think of for a good explanation as to why she would wake up on your couch," I admitted in defeat, stalling for time and what I really needed to tell him.  
"Also…"
"Also, what?"  Eli urged, his eyes accusatorily judging because deep down, he knew what I was about to say. 
"I… I gave her a venom bite," I said quietly, looking at the floor. 
"Dani!  We've been over this.  It's not a good idea."  Eli's stress wasn't over my actions, but concern for my safety.  He worried if I venom bit too many humans, it would be traced back to me.  Just like my blood, we discovered that my venom also had its own unique brand of unusual.  We tried it on Eli once, after I turned him human.  We figured if it made him a vampire again, like venom is supposed to, then I could change him back with my blood, but it didn't do that at all.  In fact, it made him vampire-immune.  
We learned that my venom acts more like an anti-venom, and once you get it in your system, you can't be turned into a vampire, because the transformation won't take.  Eli risked life and limb to steel venom from the "blood banks" run by the 7th Circle, a very risky operation.  After weeks of testing it on himself, we finally figured out what it meant, and what power I truly possessed.  Not only is it somehow possible for my blood to turn vampires back into human, actually more of a super-human since they retain many of their vampire abilities; but my venom can also keep humans safe and prevent them from ever being turned.  
It's as if I were Gifted with the power to make vampires extinct.  I shudder a little at the thought, and sometimes find having so much power unsettling.  No one should have that kind of power, despite what the 7th Circle thinks.  They love playing God, or rather the devil incarnate, and certainly wouldn't take kindly to a certain half vampire-half human like me, or my unusual Gift that can infuse its strength into the human race instead of destroying it.  
They would definitely make it their immortal lives’ mission to kill me and anyone I changed, if they even suspected I had this Gift.  Every time I help someone, I am risking us all.  I swallowed hard at the idea of them hurting anyone I care about, and my heart began to race in panic.  I took a deep, audible breath and looked up at Eli.  His eyes softened a bit when he heard my heart rate picking up.  
"Audrey was an exception.  She won't be hanging out in those clubs anymore since I told her stay away.  I promise I'll be more careful."  I pressed my lips tight, and Eli nodded in agreement.  
He knows he doesn't need to lecture me.  I'm acutely aware of the risks.  We have to take this process slowly; the 7th Circle isn't stupid.  They're the oldest and most powerful vampires known to exist, and practically run our underground world, including The Basement.  They will figure something's fishy if all their blood whores turn up miraculously sober, and can't be turned with their venomous bites.  A cool droplet glided down my spine as I realized I'd broken into a cold sweat of fear.  I'm often tempted to stop my heart and turn vamp just to shake these feelings, because sometimes it's easier not to feel anything.  
Eli was instantly at my side, holding my cheek soothingly and stroking his thumb against my skin.  "Don't go there.  You have this Gift for a reason.  This is no accident.  We just have to be careful.  You should get some sleep now.  You'll feel better when you come back tomorrow and meet Henry, the real Henry."  
I gave Eli a bright smile.  He knows me too well, and he's right.  I leaned into his palm and took a deep breath of relief before turning to leave.  I was longing to crawl into bed.  Turning someone is emotionally and physically exhausting, but in the end, totally worth it.  Now I couldn't wait for the sun to come up and watch Henry open his eyes as he embraced his new life.  


Chapter 4:  Haunted

A flash of violet light streaked across the black sky, while in the distance, terrifying screams ripped through the air, and I realized they were coming from me.  The searing pain of two daggers dipped in fire punctured through my skin, inside the soft flesh of my elbow, and the blood-curdling scream caught in my throat.  The pain was so unfathomable, I was rendered paralyzed, and no amount of toxin could temper the icy sizzle surging through my veins.  Darkness consumed my being and I felt as if I'd been left to die in an abyss, on a deserted, frozen tundra.  My vision blurred in and out as I began to convulse while a smooth, but powerful hand stroked my hair.  His baritone voice whispered, "It's going to be okay."  
My bedroom door splintered when a baseball bat flew past my head, after crashing through it, and I heard my Grandma Ulla screaming in violent German.  I slipped into unconsciousness, feeling her waterfall of hot tears rolling over my cold skin as she gripped onto me, mumbling an incoherent prayer.  
My eyes snapped open and I shot upright in bed, clutching onto my elbow to rub out the memory of the pain.  I hate that nightmare.  The memory resurfaced into a haunting dream after I first turned Eli, and now, over a year later I still can't seem to switch it off.  I flopped onto my back in frustration and stared at the ceiling fan, letting its breeze erase the sweat that beaded across my forehead from the dream.  I kept rubbing the inside of my elbow before I held it up for inspection.  I swear, one day if I look hard enough, I will be able see the marks of his teeth branded into my skin as clearly as the memory was etched onto my brain.
I rolled out of the tangle of silky, luxurious sheets on the queen-sized bed, and stopped short in front of the full-length mirror by the closet.  I pulled out the hair tie that was so loose, half my hair was no longer secured, and let my long messy waves fall free.  I gave my hair a couple of finger combs and sighed, looking at the paper thin skin on my elbow where I saw the blue veins pulsing beneath it, waiting for the bite to show itself, but nothing came.  I swallowed hard and found my eyes in the mirror. 
"You're so beautiful, Daniella.  Like Elizabeth Taylor, but even more exquisite," my mother would often say with pride in her German accent.  She was obsessed with Elizabeth Taylor, and never thought she could be so lucky to bear a daughter with an equally rare color of amethyst eyes.  I think to her, the famous actress with the violet eyes, and always dripping with diamonds, represented the American dream my mother strove for, and I was the proof she achieved it.  
Yeah, well, look where it got her.  I was fourteen when I was turned, or half-turned.  We still don't know exactly what happened to me.  Maybe he thought he was endowing me with a Gift, and I tried to see it that way, but mostly it felt like a curse.  My brothers and I were staying with our Grandma Ulla alone that summer in Germany while my parents settled their divorce, and attempted to shelter us from the ugliness.  Like we hadn't heard them throwing things, screaming and crying for the past year, during the split.  I wondered if I would have ever become what I was now, had I not spent that summer in Germany.  Ulla told my brothers I was sick with some nonexistent German fever, and I stayed in my room for the rest of our trip.  Meanwhile, she conspired with her superstitious, old lady, voodoo friends to figure out what happened to me.  
"Chimera," she yelled bursting into my room as I curled up into a ball of despair on the bed.  The word rolled off her accented tongue, sounding like an exotic bird.  I was a vampire chimera.  Somehow, I had the abilities of a vampire, but managed to keep the beating heart and soul of a human, while shifting back and forth under my own will, from one form to the other.  
By the end of the summer, when it was time to return to Chicago and start my freshman year of high school at Mapleton Prep, Ulla concluded that if I concealed the vampire side of me, I would age, my heart would beat, and I would even require oxygen.  I could be a relatively normal person as long as I made sure not to be too super-human, and no vampires would even know I existed.  I worked hard not to hear things I shouldn't at a distance, or bench press more than the guys, and I always bandaged my cuts, even though they were already healed by the time I got the box from the medicine cabinet.  
The first two years I did okay with the adjustment and only let the vampire out once in a while, when I was alone in the city. I wanted to see how it felt, and realized the human in me gave me some control over my bloodlust instincts.  It wasn't until The Basement member approached me while I was turned vamp during a shopping venture that another vampire ever detected or even spoke to me.  
Well, I guess he didn't actually speak to me, but I certainly didn't have day-walking vamps hanging out with me in math class.  Ulla warned me not to make my presence known in the vampire community, but I couldn't help myself.  It was so hard to hide so much of me all of the time.  I started attending The Basement parties out of curiosity, and Ulla was right, I shouldn't have gone.  Even though I wholeheartedly believe in what Eli and I have achieved, my life has been like walking on a tightrope ever since, and at any moment, I could fall to my death.  
Ulla insisted on leaving Germany and moving in with my mother after the divorce.  She said it was to support Claudia through the difficult time, but I knew she really meant me.  Ulla is the only one besides Eli who knows what I am, what I really am.  Everyone else in my life thinks I'm ordinary Dani, or vampire Daniella.  I still didn't understand how I could be so different from all the rest.  I rubbed away the residue line of leftover makeup from under my purple eyes and suddenly felt like a freak, as I made a quick departure from my reflection.  
Eager to whip up some breakfast, I quietly tiptoed across the dark mahogany floor and into the kitchen, trying my best not to wake Will.  Chefs are so not morning people.  I love to cook, but I don't do it much anymore since my parents split up.  Making food was one of the things that made me feel the most human, and because of my heightened senses, I was blessed with a fairly sophisticated palate.  But now, it only feels like a symbol of what divided my family.  I could still taste the toothpaste in my mouth from last night as I poured myself a glass of orange juice.  
After a night at the club and being forced to drink Red Champagne, I usually scrub my mouth until the bristles on my brush are whittled raw.  In the moments when I'm vamp, I admit it satisfies my appetite in a way that food never could, but once I change back, the mere thought of it, even as a half-human, makes me want to wash my mouth out with bleach.  I gulped down the remaining orange juice, trying to rinse away the thought, only to have my face sour at the unpleasant combo of mouthwash blended with the acidic orange liquid.  
I began to sift through the other offerings in Will's fridge besides orange juice and shook my head at the poorly stocked shelves.  Typical young chef.  They make the most delicious food in the world, but they don't take enough time for their own shopping to even buy fresh milk.  I hesitantly pulled out the soggy carton and held it as far from my face as possible before dropping it in the garbage.  It made a disgusting squishy, splash when it hit the canister’s bottom, confirming the milk was more solid than liquid at this point, and my stomach did an involuntary dry heave.  Gross!  Even blood didn't sound so bad right now.  
After throwing out the curdled milk and half of the refrigerator’s putrid contents, I was able to scrounge up some eggs, asparagus and a few slices of leftover kalamata olive bread Will must have swiped from the restaurant.  I let the asparagus roast in the oven with garlic and olive oil while I got some water going on the massive, six-burner stove to poach the eggs.  As I whisked a lemon butter sauce together, the aromatic smell of garlic and cream filled the kitchen, masking the odor of the spoiled milk.  Just as I took the asparagus out of the oven, the timer dinged on the toaster oven, alerting me that the bread was ready.  A pinch of light came over the buildings outside, and the reflective windows bounced the golden syrup-colored glow into the loft. It was almost as if the sun decided to wake up just in time for my breakfast.  
I drizzled some lemon butter sauce over a piece of the toasted bread and put a few spears of asparagus on it before topping it with the poached egg.  Fiddling with the presentation of my plate, a truly uptight habit that I'm sure is only typical for a child of a restaurateur, I was distracted by a door opening down the hall.  Shoot, make that two, Will was awake.  I sighed to myself, looking down at the food, so familiar with this routine.  
Will came padding down the hall and sat heavily on the barstool in his sleepy state, causing it to shriek unpleasantly against the shiny wood floor, and I flinched in reflex.  He pulled the poached egg across the granite island and held out his hand.  I handed him my knife and fork, throwing my napkin at his face while I got up to serve myself, when I suddenly remembered something absolutely crucial.  I practically leapt over the kitchen island.  My stomach landed hard on the cold surface, and I reached out to grab Will's fork, which was poised to pierce the soft white egg, before letting the delicious creamy, middle melt over the bread.  
"Wait!  It's not ready yet," I yelled, horrified at the thought of him ruining my creation. Will eyed me through exhausted eyes, telling me he was so not in the mood for early morning anal retention.  
I quickly wiggled off the counter and grabbed the coarse sea salt and pepper grinder, giving the dish its finishing touch. 
"There," I said with relief, and Will rolled his eyes before digging in.  I served my own breakfast on another plate and smiled when Will couldn't help making yummy noises after trying a bite.
"Why do you insist on playing maître d' when you should be helping me in the kitchen?" Will whined, taking another bite.  
"Because, Bill would like it too much," I told him, matter-of-factly, and he grumbled in annoyance.  
"Why don't you give him a break already?"
"Why don't you put on a shirt already?"  I pointed my knife in the direction of his bare chest. 
"Because it's my townhouse and I'll go shirtless whenever I please," Will said sharply.  Taking another bite, he pulled the fork from his mouth with clenched teeth, causing the metal to ring through the air.  
"Technically, it's Bill's townhouse," I pointed out, just to be a brat.  
About two years ago Will, or should I say Bill Junior, graduated from culinary school in France, right on schedule to follow in Daddy's footsteps, and was officially dubbed the golden child of the Madison family.  Since Bill also dabbled in real estate, he graciously gave his little prodigy the townhouse-style loft near our oldest and most renowned restaurant, where Will now ran the kitchen.  I was sure in due time he'd be running the rest of our dad's culinary empire too, since our mother opted out after the divorce.  She decided the American dream wasn't all it was cracked up to be, and wanted a simpler life where she could focus on our little brother, Conner, while managing her small, but elegant brunch spot in Mapleton.  
"Don't let him catch you calling him Bill anymore.  I heard him say you'd be grounded for a month the next time you did," Will warned me, and my nostrils flared in anger at the thought.  
I had been calling him "Bill" instead of "Dad" more often than not since the divorce, mostly because I knew it pissed him off.  But I couldn't risk getting grounded.   I would claw my own eyes out if I had to be stuck in the house for a month with Missy, Conner's, tawdry nanny.  Even more importantly, I had to be able to go to the city so Eli and I could work on our next mission.
"Thanks for the tip," I softened a bit, smirking at my big brother as he scraped what was left of his breakfast from the plate, trying to get every last bite.  I know I give him a hard time, but he works really hard, and never says a word to Dad about me crashing in his spare bedroom on most weekends, nor does he ask why I'm in the city to begin with.  Just as I was about to thank him for giving me a key and letting me come and go as I please without tattling, I heard his bedroom door open again.  My eyebrows scrunched together, and I leaned over the island, wondering who would appear from the hall.  
"Who is that?"  I asked before the mystery woman could turn the corner.  
"No one you know," Will replied, causally swiping a bite of food from my plate since his was licked clean.  I made a disgusted sound in my throat.  
"You are such a man whore," I whispered curtly, because he SO is, and Will shrugged in a "whatever" manner, not even trying to argue it.  Then a long, bare leg came into my view.
"Daniella, I didn't know you were here," the bubbly voice chimed as she grabbed a stool next to Will across from me at the kitchen island. 
"Leaha!  Hey, I didn't know you were here either," I said as cheerily as possible, while giving Will a lock-jawed smile.  He looked down, dragging my half-eaten plate toward him, knowing he just ruined my appetite.  I figured out quickly why Will's shirt was missing, since it became Leaha's makeshift nightgown.  Like he doesn't have enough girls pawing after his Madison name, is it really necessary he go hooking up with the staff too?  He is so obviously the spawn of our father, I could have puked my breakfast all over him at that moment.  
"Wow, did you make that?  It smells so delicious, it woke me out of bed!"  Leaha said gleefully, unaware of the palpable tension rising in the room, along with my breakfast.
"Well then, by all means, dig in!"  I matched her enthusiasm with as much excitement as I could muster, but it came off really fake.  I pulled my plate from Will's greedy flatware over to Leaha's spot so she could finish it.  
"Oh thanks, that is so sweet, but I'm actually on a cleanse fast right now.  I can only have juice for a week!"  Leaha's little giggle grated on my last nerve.
"Of course you are," I said with a similar cutesy giggle, but she was totally oblivious that I was mocking her.  A waitress working in an upscale restaurant that serves incredibly delectable food was on a juice cleanse.  What was wrong with this picture?  
Will took the plate back, suggesting, "Why don't you go grab a shower?  I'll join in a minute."  He kissed Leaha on the cheek, and she smiled shyly at me, like I might not have figured out why she was here yet, as she hopped off her stool and skipped back toward the bedroom.  I would have gladly dug out that rotten, milk pudding from the garbage and taken a big ol’ bite, than to have that image in my mind right now.
"Well you know what they say, like father like son."  My bitter sarcasm was not lost on him.  
"Technically, Betsy was our sommelier."  
Just like me, Will knows exactly what to say to crawl right under my skin.  I reached across the island to give him a good punch in the shoulder, hopefully hard enough to make it sore at work later.  I didn't think Will would be so casually technical if he were the one who caught Dad humping Betsy, the sommelier, right behind the bar in the restaurant that our parents shared, or more accurately, formerly shared before that incident.  I got up to leave; I really wanted to get over to Eli's before Henry woke up, and I was not in the mood for a stroll down memory lane.  
"Thanks for breakfast," Will said sincerely as I walked away, totally unaffected by our exchange.  He really is just like Bill.  I'll have to try not to hold it against him.  
I sighed out, "You're welcome."  
At least I felt better leaving him a sink full of dishes for my troubles.  Who was I kidding?  Those dishes would most likely be waiting for me in all their crusty glory when I returned here next weekend to crash, along with a kitchen that stunk of spoiled milk.


Chapter 5:  Meet & Greet

I got out of Will's townhouse as soon as possible, not wanting to hear any bit of his shared shower with Leaha.  Eli's apartment was within walking distance, so I made my way down the block to meet him.  The sun was completely out now and there was hardly a cloud in the sky.  I tilted my head back and let its canary-colored rays feather over my warming skin.  I loved the feeling of the sun on my face.  This was the best part of the day, the freshness of the morning.  I never sensed vampires during this time since the Gift of day-walking was so rare.  I had only heard of a few Infinities even existing who had that Gift besides me, and had only ever seen one, The Basement member who gave me my first token.  
As I continued down the block of meticulously manicured landscaping of the brick townhouses, I enjoyed listening to the early birds chirping as the lake came into view.  I often walked on the path stretching along the highly sought-after piece of gold coast, and Lake Michigan sometimes looked so expansive, it gave the illusion of being an ocean.  This morning, the blue water sparkled against the sun’s rays like a pristine swimming pool, and I wished I could jump in.  I bet that's what they did up in Mapleton last night, since Dale's house backs up to the lake, and he loves throwing "legendary parties."  I missed it again because I told everyone I was working, which was probably for the best.  I'm sure most of the swimming participants were very much lacking their swimsuits.  
Plus, I didn't know if Dale could keep advertising his parties as legendary since he threw them almost every weekend.  It's pretty easy for the Mapleton Prep crowd to throw parties.  Their parents tend to flock to their high-rises in the city in an effort to flee their dull, suburban lives, as well as their spoiled, back-talking children.  Unfortunately for me, my Dad came from nothing, and still remembers the basics of parental caregiving.  He isn't very tolerant of any back-talk even though I delve out plenty of it.  He always demands a bit more respect than most parents, and I do my best not to get on his bad side, since I have a hard time respecting him.  Thankfully, he's a workaholic and spends most of his free time entertaining the other suburban escapees with lavish dinners at the restaurant’s private chef's table, far, far away from me.  I think we both prefer it that way.  
A few blocks later, I reached Eli's apartment complex and let myself in.  I have a lot of spare keys in my possession, including Eli's highly secured apartment building.  That is probably why I'm constantly forgetting my actual house keys, and have on more than one occasion, accidentally locked myself out.  I gave a rap on his door while jiggling the lock of the final gatekeeper, and immediately noticed Audrey's absence from his leather couch when I entered the living room.  I guess she bolted from the awkward hangover moment she had when she woke up.  At least, she would be staying away from The Basement, and hopefully, her body could regain strength.  That, or get hooked on something else, and end up dead in an alley anyway.  I've met a lot of blood whores over the year at The Basement and they all seem to have two key common denominators: a complete attraction to danger and addictive, self-destructive personalities.  
"Hey, good morning," Eli said, coming out of the bathroom with a cloud of steam pluming behind him.  His t-shirt and jeans were sticking to his damp skin.  He finished rubbing a towel over his wet hair and threw it on the couch. 
"Don't boys ever pick up after themselves?" I huffed, thinking of Will and his stinky kitchen.
"That's what girls are for."  He gave me a teasing wink; sometimes he is so medieval.  I crossed my arms over my chest, visibly not amused.  He smiled and grabbed for my hand, pulling me towards the second bedroom-turned-lab, where Henry was resting.  
"Come on, I'm only half kidding.  Henry was starting to stir before I got into the shower, so he should be up any minute."  Eli opened the door to reveal Henry, still on the table.  The pink flush was completely restored to his face, after a night spent with his heart pumping him back to life.
"You're lucky I want you here for this, or you'd be tied up and gagged with that towel right about now," I quipped, and Eli let out a hardy laugh, causing Henry to shift again.  I pulled up a chair and took his warm, life-affirming hand as he began to blink.  A blue light shimmered from his compassionate, aqua eyes as they opened, confirming his full recovery, and for a moment, it felt like I was staring at an angel.
"Who are you?  Where am I?"  Henry looked at me with groggy confusion, and the returned innocence in his voice truly showed his mere sixteen years.  We only turn back new vamps, usually not older than six months, because they actually have a family to go home to and a life to return to once they're human again.  That, and because the newbies are fresh to The Basement, so many end up dead by mistakenly breaking the rules of the 7th Circle; like Henry almost did had he bitten me out in the open.  They come and go so much, no one really notices or misses them if they don't come back, which works out well for Eli and me.  Eli was the five-hundred-year-old exception to our new vamp rule, but that was only because it was an accident.  If he feels any remorse over the time he lost with his now long passed family, he doesn't show it, and has adopted my unique Gifts as his life work.  I squeezed Henry's hand gently to focus his attention back to me, since his eyes were darting around, trying to figure out where he was.
"Hi Henry.  I'm Daniella.  Do you remember me from last night?"  He nodded slowly, wondering how I knew his name.  Only Brooks is allowed to ask for names.  Then he pressed his other hand to his chest where he could feel his heart beating rapidly inside his ribcage.  The realization sent his heart rate to hummingbird speed, and all the color drained from his face as the shock of it sunk in.
"I know you have a lot of questions.  Eli and I will tell you everything, but you have to take some deep breaths and try to slow your heart rate.  You are still recovering, and it'll be dangerous for you if it continues racing at this pace," I explained, taking deep, over exaggerated breaths to show him what I meant.  He clutched my hand tightly as he mimicked my breathing.  I felt like a Lamaze coach, but it seemed to be working.  The monitor slowed to a less alarming beep, and Henry seemed more comfortable with the sensation.  Another reason why we change them as young vamps is because they have more experience being human than being vampire, so the transition goes pretty smoothly.  I slowly began to explain to Henry what happened last night after he bit me, and what to expect from here on out.  He was still very powerful and would have to hide his new, super-human traits, but since he wasn't Gifted, they were mostly extra speed, strength and the ability to heal fast, which were pretty easy to keep secret.  After he swore on his little sister's life that he would never tell a soul about Eli or me, or anything else regarding the vampire world or what happened to him, we told him he could return to his family.  The smile on his face when I told him we would take him home now was absolutely priceless. I felt an emotional lump swelling in my heart that helped fill the large void where I once held my own happy family.  
*****
"Okay, how you feelin'? Ready?"  I said, turning to face Henry, who waited anxiously in the backseat with me as we pulled up to the curb only a few houses down from his parents.  His parents were completely unaware that they were about to receive the surprise of a lifetime.  Henry nodded, his blonde curls flopping on his forehead, and twisted his hands with nervousness.  
"Hey, trust me.  They'll be so happy to see you, they won't even care why you were gone," I assured him.
"I just don't think they'll believe I ran away.  I was happy, and the varsity captain of my track team at only sixteen.  I was taking us to State and already being scouted by colleges.  Why would I run away from that?"  Henry’s questions certainly had merit, but we didn't want them to think he was kidnapped, or the police investigation would never close, putting us all in danger.  
"Listen." Eli put on his serious face and turned in his driver's seat to look at Henry.  
"Daniella's right.  At first, they'll believe whatever you say because they'll only think about having you back, not why you disappeared.  But if they keep pushing even after you explain that you ran off with a girl you were secretly seeing, I will come by and perform a one-time only Trance.  After that, I promise they will immediately drop it and never speak of it again," Eli stated with stern confidence.  Since Eli was an Infinity before I turned him, he has more abilities than the average Reborn that come in handy, like Trancing.  Once a month, he checks in with all of our Reborns, so he knows how to help them adjust and keep their stories straight.  
"Now here's my direct number.  Call me anytime, day or night, even if you just want someone to go running with because you're sick of faking it with the slowpokes in track," Eli said with the reassuring smile of a mentor.  He handed Henry a black business card with nothing but a cell number printed on the back.  It was like we ran our own underground society, and Eli was totally the brains behind the operation.  I was just the blood.  Henry looked a little more relaxed when he took Eli's card.  
"Say it one more time and you can head inside," Eli said, his face turning serious once more.
"I swear on my sister's life that I will never speak of you, Daniella or anything of my vampire life.  I will always act within the normal capabilities of a human and never reveal my newfound Gifts.  If I ever suspect I'm being watched or approached, I will contact you immediately."  After his fourth time reciting it to us, Henry had our little safety credo memorized, although slightly robotic, but it was for his own good.  Water coated Henry's lashes, and he looked at me with such gratitude, I felt the urge to cry, but quickly sniffled it back.  He leaned across the seat and gave me a huge hug, and his whole body shook when we embraced.  I felt his lukewarm tears on my neck where the now healed puncture wounds from his bite sat just last night.  
"I don't know how to thank you."  Henry’s voice was hardly audible since his mouth was buried in my hair as he tried to hide his emotions.
"Watching you walk through that door will be thanks enough."  My own voice came out cracked and wobbly.  He nodded into my hair before pulling away and composing himself.
"Eli…"  Henry trailed off, lost for words of how to thank him as well. 
"I know, dude, it's all good," Eli said, reaching out to shake Henry's hand.  Henry gave Eli a firm shake, and took a big "Here I go" breath before exiting the car.  
I quickly jumped from the backseat and hopped into shotgun beside Eli, taking up his hand.  This was my favorite part.  Henry walked down to his house, using a nice human pace like we taught him.  He hesitated a moment, turning to wave at us before climbing the porch steps, and tentatively opening his front door.  It was completely silent for a few seconds and my heart began to race with anticipation as I focused my heightened hearing onto his house.  Then, a moment later, the shrieking scream of a little girl carried all the way into the street.  It had to have been his younger sister, followed by thundering feet, shouts, cheers, cries and every possible celebratory sound in between when his parents entered the room.  
I felt Eli squeeze my hand as he tried to discreetly wipe a tear caught in his eye; this was his favorite part too.  He turned to face me, and both our smiles were beaming so brightly, we reflected a strange glowing aura at the completion of another successful mission.  
"Henry makes it number twenty-three," Eli announced, and I leaned my head against the seat, feeling a weight lift off my shoulders.  I folded my hands in my lap as Eli started the car, thinking of the welcome prospect of taking a nap during the four-hour drive home.  Maybe now that Henry was back home and another mission was successfully tucked under my belt, I might coax my brain into a wink of real sleep.  
"Number twenty-three," I sighed, "and on to the next."  My words spilled out with a yawn as the car vibrations soon lulled me into slumber.


Chapter 6:  Welcome to Mapleton

I inspected my skirt in the mirror, making sure my hemline wouldn't land me in detention.  I measured it, just under four fingers above the knee, so I should have been safe.  Besides, four of my fingers are comparable to one of Principal Gerhard's stubby sausages, so I was actually way above the cutoff.  If I got detention from her again, it would just be because she's a cranky biatch who is dead set on making my life miserable.  Sometimes it's so silly how I have to worry about the mundane crap at Mapleton Prep, while leading my bizarre double life that no one knows about.  
At least this was my senior year, but with that thought, a surprise twinge of sadness sat heavily in the pit of my stomach.  Even though none of them knew the truth of what I've become, my friends are like my family, and a more stable version at that, despite all the little day-to-day dramas.  We all grew up together, and it's hard to imagine my life without seeing them every day, even Harper.  
I turned into this weird half-ling the summer before my freshman year, and the pursuit of a high school routine with friends I trusted helped keep my life normal, despite my extra-curricular underground activities.  I would miss them and the routine, since I had no idea what the hell I would do after I graduated.  I'm sure Eli and I would have to move to a different city, maybe even out of the country, to start working our routine at another sector of The Basement in order to spread out our Reborn population, and keep us safe from suspicion. 
I heard a familiar horn honk from my driveway, and quickly grabbed my messenger bag, filled with partially done homework and a boyfriend cardigan to cover my bare shoulders.  It was another no-no, guaranteed to land me in detention.  Alone in the house, I ran down the stairs at unimaginable speed, and was in the passenger seat of the silver Jetta in record time.
"Hey, thanks for picking me up," I said, out of breath and reaching for my seat belt.
"Sure thing.  But you are aware that you have your own car, right?" Kate asked me sarcastically with a smile.  Kate has been one of my best friends since forever and lives less than a mile away.  I knew she didn't really mind picking me up.  She just couldn’t resist giving me a hard time.
"Yeah, I would love to drive my own car, but I find it's harder for Missy Bitchy to keep tabs on me if my car’s always in the garage.  Just because Conner's with my mom half the time doesn't mean Missy needs to try and nanny me when he's not home.  She's always snitching to Bill, I mean, Dad about every little mishap under the sun.  I have to start calling him ‘Dad’ more, or I'm going to get in trouble, so you for sure have to help me keep in check, okay?"  I opened my bag to put a reminder in my phone.  How do you schedule a reminder for every five minutes?  Otherwise, I would definitely forget, and quickly land myself in the soon-to-be grounded hot seat. 
"Okay, will do, but you can still call him ‘Bill’ in front of me if it makes you feel better," Kate offered, and I shook my head, tacitly saying that was no good.
"No, I have to start practicing all the time now because even if he's not home, as usual, and Missy hears me calling him ‘Bill,’ I'm positive she'll report back to him in another desperate ploy to kiss his ass," I said disgustedly. Kate scrunched up her nose, equally grossed out by the idea formulating in my head.  
Missy is in her mid-twenties and attractive, in a too much makeup and bleach kind of way, and my dad is like over fifty years old with three kids and a receding hairline.  But the way she giggles like a hyena at any stupid things my dad says, you would think she was talking to some sort of swoon-worthy movie star.  I saw her resume once in his office, and it said she graduated with a degree in marketing from CU.  Now why would a hot, twenty-something with a business degree want to move into our family suburban home outside the city, and watch a five-year-old all day?  Hmm… that's a thinker.  It seems to me that Missy was using her degree to try and market herself as a potential candidate for the position of Mrs. Madison the Second.  My blood was starting to boil as I ran the unpleasant scenario through my mind, and it was time for a subject change before I had a meltdown. 
"So what'd you do this weekend? Go to Dale's party?"  I asked, wondering if Kate partook in the midnight skinny dipping or chickened out again, not that I was any braver.  
"I was going to, but my dad's agent called, asking him to take a last minute flight up to Green Bay to cover the Bears versus Packers pre-game show.  He, of course, agreed, ditching Mom and their date night plans in the city; and she responded to the cancellation by drinking a bottle of chardonnay with a side of Xanax for dinner.  She eventually guilted me into staying home to watch depressing TV movies all night," Kate sighed sadly.  This wasn't her first guilt trip of couch-surfing on a Saturday night.   
Kate Harring was famous around Mapleton because her dad was a former pro-football player turned sportscaster.  Kate was tall and thin like her mother, but her features were all her dad’s: ash brown hair, hazel eyes, and a light wash of freckles peppering her cheeks.  
Besides having a sweet, rosy look, and semi-famous status, there were lots of guys who wanted to go out with her.  However, she usually lost interest in her boyfriends after a month or two because she ditched too many dates, forgetting why she liked them in the first place.  She also often missed the great parental-free parties because her poor mother was always getting abandoned, and relied on Kate to fill the void.  I felt bad that she was stuck with her self-medicated mother again, a former pro-model turned chardonnay connoisseur.  I would have to try and stay in Mapleton over the weekend soon, if only so we could work as a team to help her flee the confines of their estate.  
"Man, I was working, and you got to hang with your mom all weekend.  We are some crazy party girls.  Whoop whoop!"  I shouted out, trying to lighten her gloomy face, and it worked as she laughed in agreement.  I felt my own twinge of guilt when I mentioned work.  I hated lying to Kate about working when I wasn’t.  Sometimes I feel like I'm no better than my dad, when I too lie and run around behind the backs of people I truly care about.  
"No wonder Principal Gerhard is always giving us the stink eye.  We unruly kids are not to be trusted.  Did you check your hemline?"  Kate eyed me with fake suspicion, and I held up four fingers, confirming I got it covered.  
"We really need a blow-off weekend," I said, and she nodded her agreement.  
"I couldn't agree more; yesterday, if not sooner," Kate half screeched in unison with her tires as she swung a hard right into the school’s parking lot.  I made a mental note to take some time out during my senior year for some much needed fun…  I wish.
I parted from Kate in the entry hall of the school's main building, since she had a math class in a different building connected by one of the skyways.  I headed to my locker to see if I could reuse any old worksheets to help fill in the blanks of my half-done Chem synopsis for an experiment I forgot to finish reading about.  I tried to jiggle the locker’s latch free, but it always sticks.  If I overdo it, I could accidentally rip it off the hinges, one of the downsides of hiding my strength, but I was so tempted right now.  
"Come on, you piece of crap," I said through grinding teeth as I fought the urge to punch a hole through the metal and just reach in.  Someone pressed against my back and towered over me.  Reaching past my head, he gave the stubborn metal door a couple hard taps, and it popped open in an easy squeak.  I'd recognize the familiar smell of fresh-cut grass mixed with leather mitts and earthy cologne anywhere.  I smiled even before he leaned his shoulder against the locker next to mine, greeting me with his warm molasses eyes.  
"Hey stranger," Evan said, slinging his backpack over his shoulder and hooking his thumb in his pocket with a hint of a smile, like he was getting ready for a photo shoot.  
"Hey yourself."  I already knew where he was going with the stranger comment, and if there was anyone I hated lying to more than Kate, hands down, it was Evan Clark.  
"I thought you were going to Dale's party on Saturday?" Evan said worriedly, like I didn't tell him I was working, which I did.  
"It was too late after my shift to go, so I stayed in the city," I answered with a shrug, trying to lie as little as possible.  
Evan has been my best friend since fourth grade.  I used to watch him and Will play baseball in our adjoining backyards.  However, we didn't become close until one day when I stumbled upon a bully whaling on him behind the bleachers at school.  I walked right up to them, and before the bully could even see my approach, I kicked him in the balls so hard, he fell over.  He started to cry like a colicky infant, and I got suspended for two days, even after Evan and I both explained what happened.  We've pretty much been tight ever since then.  
Now that he's no longer the scrawny kid on the block, but the tall, chiseled, baseball team captain, he's always protective of me, like he still has to make it up to me all these years later.  The protective attention he gives me drives his girlfriends crazy, and he's had his fair share of them.  If they only knew how many nights he slept in my bed, it would really start a rumor mill, which is why we never let on how close we really are.
"Well, I went to your house anyway to check on you after the party, hoping Fred took you home.  But the curtain was shut and the balcony was locked so I figured you stayed at Will's," he said, a bit bummed.  I couldn't tell him there was no way I could let my dad's driver, Fred, take me home, when in reality, my dad didn't even know I was in the city.  
"Sorry, you should stop by tonight," I suggested, and he nodded in agreement like he had something to get off his chest, probably another Harper drama at the party.  
He sneaks out all the time to supposedly "check on me," but I think it's because he needs someone other than his baseball buddies to talk to, someone who will actually listen.  Usually the subject involves his latest fiasco with his newest girlfriend, and there have been plenty of those since Evan started dating Harper.  I'm happy to give a female perspective, but I'm not equipped to handle straight-up crazy, so I mostly let him vent.  
I really haven't cared to venture into the snake pit of the Mapleton dating scene, especially after watching my parents suffer through a bitter divorce; or maybe I was the one who was still bitter.  I didn’t think I'd ever really trust a guy with my heart, and having Evan in my life is probably as close as I'll ever get.  Keeping my distance from love was for the best anyway, because that meant there would be one less person in my life I cared about to whom I'd have to lie on a daily basis. 
"You missed another legendary party.  Dale accidentally lit the lawn on fire, and Jake got his clothes stolen while he was doing the midnight skinny dip.  It was hilarious!"  Evan laughed, recalling the embarrassment of his friend.  That's it; I'm officially renaming Dale's parties not-so-legendary.  Speaking of the devil…  
"Hey Dani,” Dale slung his tree trunk arm around my neck.  
"Did you hear I set the lawn on fire again?  Oh man, my ‘rents were so off the rails when they got back from Escapees Lane, pun intended."  Dale shook my whole body as his arm jostled over my shoulder in laughter, and gave Evan a fist pump with his free hand.  
His lame pun referred to the road that Mapleton kids have dubbed Escapees Lane because it runs parallel with the North Line train down to the city and is the fastest way to drive there.  If they only knew better, they should have been trying to escape from the city, not into it.  I shuddered slightly at the thought of one of them being lured away from a cocktail party.  Dale felt my shudder even after he stopped shaking me, and pulled me in a little tighter.  
"No worries, Dani.  I'm not in too much trouble."  
Like I really cared how much trouble Dale was in.  Besides, I think it's like the third time he's set the lawn on fire, so whatever the punishment he received, I'm sure it was deserved.  I'm starting to wonder if he might have some pyromaniac tendencies. 
"So my parents are having new sod delivered today for the scorched patch, and my punishment is to install it myself.  Evan and Jake are going to come over and help me; you in?"  He smiled, squeezing my head against his hard chest, and half my face flattened unnaturally on its surface.  I looked up at him with a scrunched nose because I had a feeling the kind of help Dale wanted from me was serving him drinks all afternoon while he actually did some labor that didn't require a baseball bat.  Evan punched Dale's arm, effectively knocking him loose from my shoulder so my smooshed cheek could fill back in. 
"You dope!  She wasn't even there.  She doesn't want to help us," Evan retorted, giving Dale another playful punch, this time in the gut.  Dale coughed out a wind-knocked, lung full of air.  "Good one," he half rasped, regaining his breath.  
"I'm surprised Jake agreed to help after you stole his clothes during the skinny dip," I interjected to keep Dale from plotting retaliation on Evan.
"How'd you know it was me?!" Dale inquired, not so innocently.
"Lucky guess."
Harper walked up behind Evan and planted a kiss on his cheek, and he flinched slightly from the gesture in surprise.  
"Sorrrry, I didn't realize you found me so repulsive," Harper snipped at him, looking insulted.  
"Of course not, babe, I just didn't see you."  Evan quickly caught himself, leaning in to kiss her, but she turned her cheek and gave him a face full of blonde hair.  He sighed, stepping back in defeat.
"And I see you came to say good morning to Dani again before me.  What a thoughtful boyfriend I have."  Her tone was sweet and cute, but laced with pure threat, and I leaned into Dale ever so slightly in an effort not to make eye contact with her.  Dale put his arm around me again and looked down at me, rolling his eyes at the typical Harper drama.  
"Actually, I dragged Evan over here as my witness to all the crazy shit that went down at the party.  I didn't think Dani would believe me when I told her I lit the lawn on fire again!"  Dale explained enthusiastically to cover the falseness of his statement.  He was trying to help his hung-out-to-dry bud, and I could see the gratitude in Evan's eyes.  
I still couldn't believe Evan was going out with Harper.  Yes, she's beautiful, popular, and the queen of our social group, but she's not really friends with anyone.  Instead, she's frienemies with everyone.  She's never been one to fully trust unless you like the way a blade of steel looks when it's protruding from your back.  No one, not even vampire me, wants to get on Harper Smith's bad side.  She has a little side hobby of causing eating disorders and spreading nasty rumors, so with Evan dating her, I feared I would soon be the next target of the Harper Rattlesnake Wrath.  She’s been known to strike your rep dead with one bite.  I don't even think Evan likes her anymore.  He just doesn't want to find out what will happen if he's the one to end it, because Harper Smith has NEVER been dumped.  
The two-minute warning bell ringing in the hall caused me to flinch, and a string of curse words ran through my head as I realized I wasted all of my time talking about a party I didn't even go to, instead of trying to finish my homework.  I shook off Dale's arm and took a step toward Evan.  
"Crap!  Please, please, please, tell me you finished your Chem homework and I can borrow your synopsis for an example," I said in a desperate plea.
Evan unzipped his backpack and dug around before retrieving a crumpled paper, thank God.  I reached out to grab it, and he pulled it back playfully, his cheek tugging to one side in a crooked smile.  
"Only if you help me with my Culinary Arts project," he countered, still holding the paper out of reach.  
"Way to challenge yourself, Mister Ivy League."  
Evan's in the top five percent of our graduating class, and I know he could care less about any food other than the hot dogs you buy at the concession stand near the dugout.  
"Oh, excuse me, Miss Senior Sculptress, do we have a deal?"  He joked, giving me a bright smile, which was the class I'd be late for if I didn't wrap this up.  
I jumped up and snatched the paper from him.  "Deal."  Upon landing, out of the corner of my eye I noticed the tension on Harper's face, irritated by our conversation.  She gave me a tight smile and grabbed my elbow a little too hard.  
"Come on, Dani, we're going to be late," Harper said in her usually snippy tone, pulling me by the elbow down the hall to our class.  Something tells me Harper just wants an excuse to dig her claws into me, and I'm sure she'll find a way, other than a tardy citation, to do just that.  


Chapter 7:  Mangled Creations

Harper and I squeezed side-by-side through the door frame just as the final bell went off.  Senior Sculptures was held in a large art room, dominated by two big tables surrounded by stools for students to spread out and work.  We both managed to slink into seats, facing away from the front, ignoring the teacher's glare, now boring into our backs.  Harper looked at me with the silent speak of cutting it too close, and I nodded in agreement.  We would have to be more careful from now on.  Teachers hand out detention slips like candy around here, and not even the prom queen sitting next to me was able to avoid the school's warped form of sugar dispensation.  Maybe it’s because a year’s tuition here costs more than their annual salaries; or because they live to stick us in the dungeon as a reminder of who really runs the show, just in case we get any wise ideas.  Whatever the reason, one thing is for sure, after this year, I won't miss sitting in that dark, damp room of the old wing, where classes haven't taken place since 1972.
"Grab a smock and some clay from the barrels; pick out any color you'd like.  Today we're going to start learning how to throw clay on the wheel," Mr. Farrel announced.  Harper glanced over her designer outfit like the teacher just handed her a pair of scissors and ordered her to shred it.  
"Like that little smock is going to protect me when the clay starts flying," she whined and looked at me with a pout, as if I could somehow get her out of this.  
I was more worried about my own choice of clothing today, realizing a skirt was a big mistake.  Maybe I could drape the smock between my legs to avoid flashing the whole class while straddling the wheel.  I got up and grabbed a paint-splattered apron before heading to the barrels full of clay. I decided on a dark gray that I thought would fire closer to black.  Who knows, maybe I could end up with a cool new bowl for my cereal?  After a short demonstration by Mr. Farrel on using the wheel, and tips for getting the clay centered, he told us to partner up and trade off our stations, so we could give helpful pointers to each other as we practiced.  Harper hooked my elbow, effectively claiming me before I had any other choice, and I knew where this was going.  We found an open wheel and she started nudging me toward it.  
"Why don't you go first?" she suggested, practically shoving me at the wheel.  
"No way.  I'm the one wearing a skirt.  You should go first.  I'll fill up your finger wash cup," I offered.  Grabbing the plastic container from the wheel, I was ready to bolt toward the utility sink, but she locked her hands on my shoulders.  
"Are you insane? This is a new Helmut Lang!"  She said, pointing at her dark blue draped top.  
"Urgh!  Fine.  Would you at least get me a towel to put over my legs?"  I said with a clenched jaw.  There was no point arguing with Harper once she dug her heels in.  
"You got it."  She smiled like a winner and yanked the water cup from my hand as she moved slowly in her heels toward the supplies area.  
I took off my cardigan, knowing Mr. Farrel would temporarily excuse the bare shoulders so I could feel free to dig into my clay.  I flipped on the switch and sat down at the wheel with my future cereal bowl.  I was very careful to cover my lady bits with my smock as I got comfortable in the seat, knowing Harper would most likely hover by the sink for an inordinate amount of time before bringing me that towel, while hoping to save her precious top with the delay.  
This class was sort of known as a blow-off for seniors, but I actually really liked it.  Once people started in on their projects, the whole room got soothingly quiet with concentration, but there was still a vibrant energy humming through the space as students found their artistic grooves.  It was a peaceful way to start the school day.  
After a few attempts at throwing, I got my lump of clay centered on the wheel.  In truth, with my reflexes, I could have done it in one, but I liked to let go during the day, turning off all my over-amped senses.   I just tried to enjoy the normal human moments while my heart was beating.  I grabbed the water dish from the empty station next to me, giving up on Harper ever returning.  
Twisting my long auburn locks into a makeshift knot away from my face, I dipped down toward the wheel, inhaling the earthy scent that reminded me of Evan's cologne.  As I molded my bowl, my eyes focused on the task, and I pushed harder on the pedal, allowing the wheel's speed to increase.  I dipped my fingers to make an incision in the center, turning the rounded lump into something resembling a dish.  I was completely in the zone, grabbing scraping tools to assist my creation as I got more comfortable with the new artisan avenue.  I heard a tap at the door as someone entered the classroom, but I kept my head down, afraid to lose my concentration.  
"Class, this is Alec.  He recently moved here from New York, and he will be joining us for the remainder of the year, so let's make him feel welcome," Mr. Farrel loudly declared, but everyone ignored him because most of us were elbow-deep in clay.  
The reaction to the newcomer was a silent "who cares?" since it was pretty common to have new students start during all times of the semester, as long as they could pay the price, which their parents always did.  Usually, they came from New York or L.A. after a parent got transferred or promoted to a Chicago office and wanted the best for their little silver spoon.  However, from our experience, the new kid's general attitude was somewhat annoyed to be stuck in our dress-coded, strictly disciplined, private school, barely tolerant of our suburban, small town life away from the big city.  They tended to hang out with the rest of the "flightahoes," as we called them, meaning we hoped their turned-up noses bled from the altitude on their flights home.  
Still deep in concentration, I began adding details to my bowl, when an alarm warning ignited my senses to danger, and my stomach took a severe, nervous dip.  I was aware now that after the new student was introduced, the silence in the room suddenly shifted from nonchalant to seriously taken aback, which sparked my anxiety.  The artistic harmony was broken, as half of the room abruptly abandoned their projects.  There was something all too familiar about the stunned silence.  
I kept my chin down as I released the pedal so the wheel stopped spinning, and casually glance sideways at Lisa who was sitting at the wheel beside mine.  Immediately, I saw that she stopped working, with her hands now limp at her sides as she gawked at the new student.  I smashed my bowl into a deformed lump after clenching my fists in fear, and I took a breath, trying to calm myself.  But the calm never came as the earthy smell of clay disappeared and all of my senses were assaulted with the intoxicating power of rose water; rose water mixed with something else that made me feel like I was standing on a beach at sunset, breathing in the fresh, cool ocean air.  
I audibly gasped from the shock, slapping my wet, clay-covered hand over my mouth in an attempt to hide my way too human reaction, but I knew he heard it, and I could almost feel him from across the room, silently laughing at my pitiful attempt.  
I've only encountered one vampire who has ever smelled of sea air and rose water.  I tried to slow my heart rate, but it was not easy as it thundered against my ribs, threatening to bust its way out and make a run for it.  I kept my hand over my mouth, biting down a scream as I finally dragged my eyes up from the wheel.  His steely blues locked onto mine like he was waiting patiently to meet my gaze, and he gave me a lopsided grin, visibly amused by my total and utter shock.  
Every girl in the room was swooning and thanking the heavens for bringing us this ungodly gorgeous being to our school, who looked like he just stepped out of the ocean to proclaim he was the long lost king of Atlantis.  But the Poseidon I saw before me was no God.  To me, he was the brazen stranger who approached me over a year ago, handing me the maroon token that bore our mark.  To me, he was the member that introduced me to the depths of hell, otherwise known as The Basement.  He aimed his watery blue gaze solely in my direction, with such an intensity that my heart leapt into my throat and was now pounding so uncontrollably, there was no way I could restrain it.  I knew he could hear it too, when his smile turned from amused into something else, something predatory.  
I felt like a helpless little dove, trapped in a windowless room with a vulture out for blood - my blood.  I shot up from my seat in a panic and in doing so, accidentally slammed my foot down on the pedal, which began turning the wheel at the speed of a tornado.  The jolt of centrifugal force sent my hunk of clay flying off the wheel.  Then everything happened in slow motion.  The baseball mass of dense, wet mud sailed through the air like I just hit a homerun.   As it spun, it splattered gray droplets on everyone in its path.  But this wasn't a baseball field, and it couldn't be knocked out of the park.  The lump of clay sounded like the pop of a goo-filled balloon when it smashed right into Harper's chest, exploding all over her Helmut Lang.  
"Daniiiii!"  Harper screamed in a long, endless shrill that pierced my eardrums, and restarted the time continuum.  In a blur, the room came to life again, as everyone buzzed around her, attempting to clean up the clay-soaked prom queen.  Harper frantically dipped the towel she was bringing to me in the water cup, rubbing at the runny clay splattered all over her.  I was frozen, unflinching, too scared to even breathe or worry about her vengeful eyes, because mine were still locked on the day-walking vampire at the other side of the art room, who was, no doubt, listening to my heartbeat racing in my chest.  Mr. Farrel stood in front of me with his hands on his hips, blocking my line of sight, and not appreciating the poor first impression I made on the new student.  I was sure he must be shaking while trying to hold back his laughter by now.
"You know I don't tolerate horsing around in my classroom, Dani!  Go get yourself cleaned up while I write your detention slip," he stated sternly, pointing at the wet clay covering my mouth after I slapped it shut.  If only I could do that to slow down my heart rate.  I didn't argue with him.  Any excuse to get the hell out of there was fine by me.  Except the perpetrator in question was now blocking my only exit.  


Chapter 8:  Nowhere to Run

My sloppy bun fell loose and my hair was flapping wildly against my shoulders when I turned the corner.  I was climbing to a speed that breached the very fine line of human capability.  I pushed past the intruder at the classroom door who invaded my life with abrupt force, and made a break for it down the hall, my knees kicking up my smock as I ran, but I had no plan beyond that point.  I was completely shaken and all I knew was that I feared for everyone in the confines of the building, including myself.  A pair of strong hands gripped my shoulders, skidding me to a halt, as he held me tightly, dipping his mouth down to my ear.  
"Where's the fire?" he asked with a small laugh, and I could feel his heart beating against my back.  I whipped around to find Evan smiling at me, and he lifted his eyebrows in curious confusion when he saw my clay-covered face.  
"What happened to you?" he asked, looking concerned now, as he brushed his thumb over my cheek, while analyzing the substance of muddy material smeared on my skin.  
"I'm a dead woman," I said, a little too panicked.  My eyes were wet with tears threatening to spill over, and I wrapped my arms around his neck in a tight hug, which I felt sure would be our last, taking note of how my best friend always smelled of fresh cut grass.  
"Dani, why are you wiggin’ out?!  What's going on?"  Evan asked, pulling back just enough to look at me while keeping his arms firmly wrapped around my waist.  He never saw me cry and the threat of my watery eyes made him very uneasy.  
What could I say?  The vampire who introduced me to our secret underground world has appeared at my school only to discover my beating heart.  Now, because of him, I have to leave town for good before he reports what he saw to the 7th Circle; and I've put your life in danger just because you know me.  You need get out of here right now before the vampire who has, holy shit! just turned the corner, is casually leaning against the lockers right behind you and might decide you’re his next meal!  
I froze again, staring past Evan at Alec's casual stance.  It reminded me of how I act right before I enter The Basement to find my targets.  The lopsided grin returned to his face, and he nodded in my direction, drumming his fingers against the metal as he waited to finish our game of cat and mouse.  For the first time, I was definitely feeling like the timid mouse.  All I could think about was getting Evan away from him.  Evan began to turn his head, following my terrified gaze, but before he saw Alec, I guided his chin back to me.  I decided to break my own rule when it came to my friends, and the thought of it made my stomach sour.  My eyes glowed with purple light as the Trance washed over his face. 
"I accidentally gave Harper a mud bath and I'm super screwed!  Will you please go hold her hand and be the sweetheart of a boyfriend I know you can be?  Maybe she'll forgive me because of all the extra attention you give her," I said urgently as I let the Trance fall away.  He blinked several times before returning his eyes to me with understanding on his face.  If he only knew why I was actually terrified.  
"Okay, I'll do my best, but I might get detention for abusing my hall pass," he said sweetly, suggesting a hidden agenda.  
"What do you want?"  I asked hurriedly, hoping I didn't have to straight-up, order him to go with another Trance, because that's all I wanted at the moment.  
"Well, you're such a good cook, and you’re already helping with my project, so I was hoping that you could be the one to pick out the dish that 'represents me' since I don't really get what that means," he said.  He tucked my hair behind my ear, trying to work his charms as if I were one of his finger-wrapped girlfriends.  Lucky for him, I would have said yes to anything right now, just to get him out of here. 
"I'll figure something out.  Now go be a good little boy-toy and console your girlfriend over the death of her new designer top, while I hide," I said, pushing him past me, and away from Alec.  He twirled the hall pass around his finger, whistling a tune of satisfaction at having scammed his way out of his cooking project.  Too bad I'll have fled the country before I could help him.  I felt sorry for whoever got stuck taste-testing his inedible creation.  I watched Evan turn the corner and sighed with relief, when my attention was pulled back to Alec as he clapped sarcastically at my performance.  
Before I turned to face my doom, I decided I wouldn't abandon my life without a fight.  I elected to play the only card I had right now.  Taking a few deep breaths, I attempted to shut out the world as I pushed the human away and began to transform.  
A power stirred in my blood as my heart slowed to a stop, my eyes lighting up with a determined, sultry fire, desperate to get this creature away from here by any means possible.  My own rose water scent seeped strongly from my inundated pores as the vampire in me was set free, and I slowly turned, focusing in on the rugged-cut surfer, now glistening with immortal arrogance.  His eyes pinched in a smile when I centered my energy on him, and my perfume billowed in his direction with the tilt of my neck.  I felt my canines springing from my teeth, and I gave him the signal with a flash of my fangs.  I turned on my heels while slowly looking over my shoulder in a "come hither" manner before I started walking away.  I was acting as alluring as possible in this paint-covered smock, and swaying my hips like I was strutting a runway.
I spotted the school’s closest back exit and did a quick scan of my path leading to where I knew it was deserted this time of day.  Without a soul in sight, I started to run at full speed, and in three quick zips, I was standing at the steps leading down to the cement dugout of our baseball field.  Alec followed me, kicking up a wave of sand.  On his last stride, he dove feet first into a slide before popping back up to a standing position in one fluid motion, and landing right beside me.  I gave him a glinted smile, trying to stroke his ego and look impressed as I sauntered down the cement steps, hiding us from view.  
I didn't know why he was here, or how much he knew, but I couldn't have a vampire out there with any knowledge of my human life; it was too risky.  Turning this random vampire back into a human would again break my own rule, but I didn't have any choice.  If I could tempt him into biting me, this would all go away; and dear God, I wanted it to go away.  
I sat tentatively on the dugout bench, looking up at him through my lashes.  He was still standing at the top of the steps.  I tapped the seat beside me, licking my lips, trying to entice him to join me, but only got a mouthful of clay.  This was so much harder out in the daylight, feeling exposed, and probably looking the opposite of sexy in my dirt mask.  Alec bit his lower lip, showing me his own gleaming set of fangs, and before I could blink, he was on the bench next me.
"Hello, Dani.  It's a pleasure to see you again," Alec said, obviously picking up my name when Harper screeched it across our classroom.  He glided the tips of his fingers down the length my arm, and I tried not to recoil like a frightened, little mouse would.  
"Hello, Alec is it?"  He nodded in approval, like that name wouldn't be burned in my brain for the rest of my life.  His honey-colored hair glinted like tiny fireflies in the sunlight, which was as unnatural as seeing a vampire exposed to its warmth.
"It has been too long since I last saw you.  What brings you to Mapleton, Alec?  I don't often have the pleasure of bumping into day-walkers as mouthwatering as you," I purred, leaning into him, getting a waft strong enough to only mean one thing.  There was no doubt he was an Infinity.  Well, there went Plan B: to kick his ass and make a run for it, if he refused to bite the bait, so to speak.  I was positive he must have had the Gift of super-vamp strength, because he was too confident in my Infinity presence, and tacitly insisted he was the one in control here.
"I came to see you, Dani," he said in an equally seductive tone.  Was that just bloodlust talk? Or did he really somehow know where I lived?  Alec leaned in towards me, sweeping my hair behind my shoulder to expose my neck, evaluating his prize, and I could see his words were only bloodlust.  This must all have been some strange coincidence because The Basement was one hundred percent anonymous.  Members could only pass the token; the rest was up the recipient to figure out what it meant.  We couldn't even exchange names, let alone addresses, and I would certainly never do that.  
His cheek brushed the soft skin where my pulse would be drumming like thunder if I hadn't turned.  I had a flashback to our first and only moment together in that clothing store, and forgot how surprisingly warm his skin felt for a vampire.  Then he inhaled deeply, skimming the crook of my neck with his breath.  After learning what a forbidden faux pas it was for him to approach me that way, uninvited, I imagined how I would twist his nuts ‘til they popped, if I ever saw him again.  And now here I was, gritting my teeth, and inviting him right back into the nape of my neck instead.  
His fangs touched my skin and I sighed with relieved anticipation, realizing his instincts to bite were clouding his thoughts the longer he nuzzled my neck.  This would all be over soon.  One taste of my blood, and he'd be seizing in no time.  Then I could call Eli to help me get him out of here.  But when he hesitated and didn't break the thin seal of my skin, I feared I must have slipped up, that he had some sort of mind reading Gift too.
He pulled back, looking at me with hungry eyes.  "Ladies first," he choked out, pushing his greed for enhanced power aside.  He tilted up his own chin, and I swallowed with unease at the proposition.
What did he know?  Who was he?  What would happen if I took a taste?  The questions swirled in my head as the fuzzy desires began to consume me in my vampire state.  Confusion sunk in.  I was losing control of my focus in the temptation of his offer.  It became hard to ease the greed with an Infinity neck in my face.  Maybe that was part of his plan.  If I took just a little sip, what harm could there be?  I could match his Gifted strength for enough time to stand a chance at escape, but I wouldn’t need to escape.  If I played the game right, he would go next, and then I would be the one with the upper hand.  
Without knowing anything about this stranger, it would be like turning Eli all over again, something I promised myself I'd never do.  But right now, breaking the rules was a necessary means to an end, and I'd have to figure the rest out later.  
I leaned in, feeling as nervous as a vampire could, and another inhale kicked my instincts into high gear, his perfectly bronzed skin calling me closer.  I pressed my cool palm to the back of his neck and pulled him in tightly as I dipped into his heavenly scent.  He cradled the back of my head with a surprisingly gentle touch until my cheek rested on his neck, close enough to bite.  
"Just one thing," he whispered softly in my ear.  
"What?" I replied with slight agitation.  My instincts had fully overtaken me, and all I could think was about piercing his skin.  I was no better than an eager young vamp.  
"My Infinity Gifts are a little unusual."  His breath almost felt hot in my ear, which seemed impossible.
"How?"  I asked, my focus starting to return as I realized how careless I was being.
"I don't think you'll believe me when I tell you who sent me," he said.  The bloodlust in his voice was fading, and alarm began to course through me as my fighting instincts surfaced.  
"And who sent you, Alec?"  I asked, closing my eyes to cut off my other senses, trying to focus on all my strength since my cheek was still pressed against his neck.  
He dipped down, holding me tighter.  "The 7th Circle."  
My eyes snapped wide open, and I shot upright, when his hand firmly gripped onto my hair.  I butted heads with him in a loud crack, and he released me just long enough for me to rip free.  I stood up, spinning into a jump-kick, and slamming my heel squarely into his chest.  A swoosh cut through the air as he went flying and his body carved a dent into the dugout wall upon impact, as if a stick of dynamite was just chucked at it.  Gravel crumbled down in a cloud of dust around his solid frame.  I aimed for another kick at his head, but his reflexes surpassed mine, and he grabbed my outstretched leg, while simultaneously hooking the other one out from underneath me.  I buckled to the ground without time to catch myself, landing on my back with a hard thud.  I hitched my knees up, jumping as I arched my back to recover to a standing position, but in midair, he leapt onto me.  My back slammed onto the ground again when he landed on top of me, and another dust cloud billowed up around us.  His knees locked on either side of my hips and he pinned me to the dirt floor with no possibility of kicking free.  He got a firm grasp on my shoulders, restraining me completely, and I violently snapped my fangs at his face, trying to shred him to bits, but he was out of reach.  
"Relax, Dani, I'm not going to hurt you.  I just couldn't help, but have a little fun," he said with the annoying taunt of a teenager, like he wasn’t at least two hundred years old.  I couldn't say I was having very much fun, unless I could sneak in a jaw-breaking punch to wipe his smile off his face; now that would have been fun.  My greed for more power was shoved away, his neck no longer appealing; and God only knows what a taste from this vampire hit man would do to me.  All I could think of at this point was survival.  
"What do you want, you jerk-off?!"  I spat out while trying to thrash free from his grasp.  
"Jerk-off?  That's a little harsh, considering I'm the one who's saving you from Stella's wrath."
I registered the name Stella and was instantly paralyzed.  Stella is the oldest vampire of the 7th Circle.  She's the powerful and notoriously ruthless leader of the group, which runs The Basement, and the entire vampire world.  The 7th Circle can bend any creature they'd like to their will, doing as they please, and they often kill for sport just because they can.  The queen bee, Stella, is known to be the most cruel and heartless of them all.  This group takes and gives life as if it were a fun game of chess.  Until now, I thought I remained under their radar as no more than a harmless rook, not worth bothering about.  Once on Stella's radar, however, living sounded more like a curse than an answered prayer.
"If you're not here to kill me, why did she send you?"  I asked suspiciously, looking up at Alec.  His eyes softened, making him almost seem human… almost.  
"It's difficult to explain at the moment until I work a few things out.  But you should know I'll be sticking around for a while.  I must say I am pleased to have an assignment with such a beautiful beating heart who hangs out with humans during the day.  It will be a welcome change of pace," Alec said sweetly, ignoring my question like a boyfriend who just gave me a compliment.  I scoffed, while internally cursing.  
My head was spinning.  It had to be Brooks, right?  I knew Brooks was The Basement's little insider spy.  I never should have conducted my business at the bar, raising his suspicion of my affinity for young vamps.  I should have stuck to the dark corners of the dance floor.  What was Alec trying to work out?  Maybe I was on the 7th Circle radar as a possible threat, but they must not have known everything I do at The Basement.  If they did, I'd surely be dead by now.  I had to try and salvage this.  
"I can make my heart beat, so what?  I'm an Infinity.  It's one of my Gifts.  I live among the humans so I don't get caught up with old, too-cocky-for-their-own-good douche bags, who act like juiced-up young vamps as a pathetic overcompensation for their tiny equipment."  I stated, flexing my jaw while flitting my eyes downwards where his legs straddled my own.  
"Ha!  Brooks was right.  You are a clever one, but I didn't expect anything less.  You don't have to lie to me like the rest of your little friends, Daniella.  It's a waste of your breath, and you actually need it," he said in a laugh.  He acted like I had no chance at trying to hide my secrets, and the mention of Brooks confirmed my theory.  He then released the grip on my shoulders, pressing his hands to the ground on either side of my head as he hovered over me, his cheek tugging up on one side in a bewitching smile.  
"Just say the word anytime, Dani, and I'll be happy to prove that I'm very well equipped to handle anything you can throw at me," he teased with an irritating amount of confidence, only proving my point.  I pressed my hands to his chest, pushing him off me with such force, he went sailing backward into the already dented wall, and created a full-on cascade of crumbling cement.  
He started to laugh.  "I'll take that as a maybe," he joked, coughing the dust that he inhaled with his laughter from his lungs.  I jumped up to flee, but he pulled on my wrist, and I crash into his chiseled chest.  
"Don't be stupid, Dani.  No amount of running will ever keep you safe from Stella anymore," he said, holding me against him, like we’re about to slow dance.  The sound of my nickname strummed so casually through his lips, as if he’d said it a hundred times before today.  Suddenly, I wondered how much he truly knew.  
"And what if I want to be stupid?"  I asked, tilting my head up to look at him as he cupped my face.  His expression turned serious. 
"When Stella finds you, she won't come after you.  Instead, she'll take everyone you have ever cared about and mail them in pieces to your hiding place, using their body parts as if they were house-warming presents.  This, I promise you."  Alec finished the sentence with a nervous swallow, like he had witnessed it firsthand, sealing the gravity of his promise.  For all I knew, this hired hand of Stella’s who was holding me was the one who wielded the axe.  I slowly stepped back to show him I wouldn't run, and suddenly felt sick.  Can vampires throw up?  
I closed my eyes and nodded with somber understanding, as the embrace that Alec observed just minutes ago between Evan and me flashed across my mind.  Then I knew I couldn't just walk away from this.  I had to figure out a way to protect the people in my life from a world they were never meant to be a part of.  I needed a plan.  Alec grabbed my hand, lacing our fingers together, and I looked down at them with confusion, interlocking too naturally.  
"Why don't you show me around my new school?  It'll be a good way for us to get to know each other, and the principal has already generously offered your guidance services," Alec said, wagging his eyebrows.  A silvery blue light beamed from his stormy irises, telling me he must have Tranced her.  I ripped my hand from his and crossed my arms.  This guy had to be kidding.  
"Are you delusional?!  Just because I'm stuck at this school with some day-walking minion of that old, over entitled bitch, doesn't mean I'm going to give you a guided tour to use as a map to the destruction of my life!"  
That was it.  My human emotions conquered my instincts, and my blood flooded with a tingling heat, reviving me back to life.  I threw my head back and sucked in a sharp breath from the unintentional turn that I wasn’t ready for, as forceful bursts of flowing sparks filled my veins until it reached my soul.  My heart started to beat, and I took a few quick breaths, trying to slow its rate, while putting my hand to my chest before blinking my eyes back to Alec.  He stepped toward me and gently put his hand over mine as it rose and fell with new oxygen in my blood, pumping its way through my heart.  
"Very impressive.  I must say; you’re a wonder of our kind," he said, staring at our hands’ rhythmic movements under my breath.  I stepped back, slapping his hand away.  
"And don't worry.  I won't tell the 7th about that nasty little comment.  You'll thank me later," Alec said with the sharp authority of a military man, no doubt, offended that I insulted his captain.  
Alec scanned me with the eye of a keen detective, making me his ultimate mystery to solve.  His expression seemed enthralled.  He was in a state of utter fascination, bearing witness to something only Grandma Ulla and Eli had ever seen.  He was making this usually happy moment feel wrong and invasive.  I didn't like being this way in front of him.  I hated that I let him see that, peeling back a layer which only brought him closer to a conclusion.  I turned away, wondering how I would keep these secrets and the people I cared for away from the 7th Circle now that Alec showed up at my school and inserted himself into my life.  
"Ready to get back to class?"  He asked, and I looked over my shoulder, watching him wipe the dust from his jeans.  
"No," I barked, but he offered his arm for an escort, regardless.  I pursed my lips and glared at his arm, then up at him, and his smile told me he was going to enjoy torturing me for however long he was here.  I flipped my hair as I spun away, trying to mimic the Harper Huff before ignoring his gesture, and climbing the stairs solo.  
"This would all go much smoother if you didn't fight me every step of the way, but I'm up for the challenge," he said to my back, following me.  
That's exactly what I was afraid of.  


Chapter 9:  Backed into a Corner

By the time I actually cleaned up and returned to Senior Sculptures, Mr. Farrel had four detention slips waiting for me.  He wrote two for taking my sweet time cleaning up, one for horsing around in class, and another for my tank top.  Citing my bare shoulders was a total reach, since I accidentally left my sweater in class, and did not intentionally come to school that way.  Alec stepped in, telling him my delay was his fault since he'd gotten turned around in the halls, and I was helping him to his locker.  It was a blatant lie, but my tardiness was Alec's fault, so I didn’t mind when he Tranced me out of two days detention.  
The grateful feelings were short-lived when the principal came into the room and thanked me for volunteering to show Alec around all week, then took the liberty of matching the majority of our schedules!  Now I was stuck with this shady vampire who seemed to be here only until he got the order to kill, all day long.  Not to mention he'd be walking down the halls, in my own high school full of warm-blooded students, which to him were nothing more than a delicious meal for the taking!  
"911!  I need to see you!  Meet me in detention after school, room 136."  I texted the urgent message to Eli when Alec started talking baseball with the guys, and I managed to slip away from the lunch table momentarily.  He told them the coach was granting him a late tryout after school.  Gee, I wonder how that happened.  But I saw my opening to meet Eli and explain what was going on.  I guess Alec thought of another way to invade my life since most of my guys friends played on the baseball team.  He had me completely on edge, and I was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.  Alec already seemed to know so much about me, that I couldn't understand how I was still alive.  There was something he wasn’t telling me, but why all these games?  What did he want?!  A roar of laughter erupted at our lunch table as I approached, coming back from the "bathroom."
"What's so funny?"  I asked, returning to my seat.  
"Oh my God, Alec was just telling us some hilarious childhood stories about you and the summers your families spent together in Germany."  Harper laughed idiotically and my eyes bugged out of my head at the implication.  
"Yeah… Dani.  Why didn't you ever mention the Wests when talking about visiting your Grandma?"  Evan questioned, not looking as amused as the others by Alec's antics at the table.  
"I mostly hung out with Will.  You know, cuz when you're nine years old, you’re worried about girl cooties and all that, but we're as tight as can be now, aren’t we, Dani?"  Alec said while giving a fake tiny tap to my chin, like I was his little buddy, and it took everything in me not to punch him in his junk.  
"Hmm!  Never heard of you or the West family of New York," Evan said sharply, tilting his head toward the table to level his eyes with Alec.  He wasn’t buying any of this, and why should he?  Evan knew everything about my family and me, well almost.  Alec wrapped his arm around my shoulder, slowly and purposefully, and Evan's jaw flexed when he flicked his gaze on Alec's hand, like he was about to saw it off.  
"Well, it's New York's loss.  We are so happy you're here with us." Harper intimately emphasized the last word, like she was picturing the wedding invites as she reached out and warmly touched Alec's forearm resting on the table, all while her other hand was holding Evan's.  Evan whipped his glare in her direction, and her blatant insinuations in his presence.  Clearly, he was frustrated with the effect Alec was having on her and the rest of the group.  Poor Evan didn't know that it was nothing personal.  She was just a classic candidate, fitting all the major traits of the blood whore profile.  This behavior was likely to continue whenever Harper was around Alec now, as was already evident at the beginning of lunch.  
Harper was so miffed about her new clay-stained top, and the fact she was forced to wear her gym shirt all day, that at first, she refused to even sit with us at our usual table, practically dragging Evan away by the ear.  Then Alec came with tray in hand and sat down, emitting the alluring danger that a vampire exudes.  At that point, Harper magically forgave me and rejoined our group.  That alone started Evan and Alec off on the wrong foot, and it was getting worse, fast.  The tension was building.  I was still stunned that Alec knew about my vacations in Germany, and my older brother's name, and who knew what else!  I was officially, completely, freaked out.  I didn't even know what to say.  
"So…  " Dale said, breaking the uncomfortable silence, "what position do you play?"  
"When it comes to baseball they can put me anywhere, but I prefer catcher.  I like calling the shots."  Alec said, taking his arm off my shoulder until it disappeared under the table to rest on my leg, and my stomach leaped into my throat at the reality of this grim reaper’s hand on my bare knee.  
As subtly as possible, I reached down and grabbed his hand, smashing it on the plastic bench, while grinding my fist into his fingers until they felt like pulp beneath my touch, telling me I successfully broke them all.  Alec didn't even flinch from the bone crush, and Evan let go of Harper’s hand while protectively moving to a half-stance from his seat, ready to lunge across the table if Alec made one more move on me.  Alec's brash advances were clearly just to get a rise out of Evan, and I preferred not to get in the middle of their pissing contest.
"Great!  We could use a new catcher.  Bennet sucks," Dale said, putting his hand on Evan's shoulder, and casually pushing him back down in his seat, trying to keep the mood light.  
"Hey!" Bennet yelled, punching Dale in the arm.  
"You know, Evan's the pitcher.  I bet you two would make a great team," Harper said, hooking her arm through Evan's elbow and resting her head on his shoulder, while looking dreamily at Alec like she was imagining their threesome.  She was completely lost in her twisted fantasy, and oblivious to what was really happening.  
"You have to make the team first," Evan taunted.  
"I'm not worried about it.  Like any good teammate, I'm sure we'll be sharing everything soon enough," Alec countered, and again slung his arm over my shoulder.  
Evan looked so angry, I'd swear he was the ruthless vampire going in for the kill.  "Never mind my doubts, you'll clearly make a great catcher.  You're obviously the kind of guy whose time is best spent on his knees."  
I jumped up from my seat.  "Okay, this was fun!  Alec, I have a lot more of the campus to show you.  We should go."  I pulled at his shirt collar while walking in the opposite direction, shutting down this testosterone throw-down before it went any further.  I didn't let go of his shirt until we disappeared down a side hall, then I spun him around, slamming him into a locker and pressing my hands on his chest to keep him there. 
"What are you doing?!" I shrieked in a muted tone, pressing my hands harder into his chest until the locker door started to buckle.  
"I told you, Dani.  I love a challenge," Alec teased, softly cupping my face.  I shook him off.  He needed to act a little more human and a little less, seductive vampire, or like he was trawling for Infinities at The Basement.  
"Stop that.  You're already ruining my life; do you have to mess with my friends’ lives too?"  The emotion started to sound in my voice, and my heart rate picked up.  This day had already taken its toll on me and I was only halfway through it.
"I'm just trying to show you how easy or difficult our time together can be.  The sooner you stop acting like I'm a piranha, invading the waters of your little make-believe human life, the more I'll be swayed to tread lightly.  But if not, I can make a tsunami.  The choice is yours."  
"How poetic," I said dryly, letting out an aggravated sigh.  
"So what, am I just supposed to forget that you’re here to kill me and act like were old childhood friends?"  I balked, removing my hands from his chest, too disgusted to touch him.
"I'm not here to kill you, Daniella.  Believe it or not, I'm trying to protect you.  But I can't do my job if you don't let me into your life," Alec said sincerely.  
"I don't want to let you in.  The less you know about me the better," I replied, deflated.  
"Whatever you think you’re hiding from me, you're not, so the sooner you trust me, the better," Alec said, as if correcting me.  Yet I was sure his sudden presence in my life meant it was quickly coming to an end.  He stepped toward me, resting his hand on my shoulder as if trying to reassure me otherwise, and I instantly felt vulnerable.  
"How can I trust you?  You basically work for the vampire equivalent of the Chicago mob."  
"That's right, I do.  And I'm trying to keep you from meeting the boss," Alec said, as if that were a death sentence.  A million scenarios ran around in my head of what was really going on here.  I felt like I was in the middle of some game, but I didn't know if I was the player or the pawn.  My guess was the pawn, but what choice did I have?
"All right, I get the message, but you have to stop this touchy-feely crap.  This is high school, not The Basement.  Humans who aren't dating don't act so intimately affectionate.  People will get the wrong idea about us," I said, looking at his hand on my shoulder, and pulling my cheek to one side with worry over the rumors Harper had already, no doubt, started.
"You and Evan seemed awfully affectionate in the hall before.  Would he have anything to do with your concern of how you and I are perceived?"  Alec asked, and my heart sunk.  I didn't want him to know how close Evan and I were.  It would make him a target in this corrupt game of Russian roulette.
"No!  Evan's dating Harper.  He's just an old friend.  I'm more worried about your perception, because if you're going to be a part of my pseudo human life, you need to start acting a little more human.  No more Trancing the teachers.  You can't run too fast in gym, or hit only homeruns in your baseball tryouts.  Oh, and absolutely no luring girls into the locker room to be drained," I said, stepping towards him like that was a threat.  
"Anything else?"  He asked, clearly amused that I had the gall to boss him around.  
"Yes.  Understand that there is no you and I.  There will never be a you and I," I reiterated, and Alec gave me a full smile, rivaling the fluorescent lights above.  
"No problem, Dani.  You're not really my type anyway," he said, suddenly sounding much more like a high schooler than an old vampire, and I was surprised how quickly he could switch gears.  I was a little flustered by the statement too, since it was a total contradiction to his actions.  
"What exactly is your type?"  I asked, looking skeptical, and his smile deepened.  
"Someone more like Harper," he said, and my mouth involuntarily fell open at the insult.  
"Seriously?"  I was shocked, and admittedly, a little offended that an Infinity would go for someone like Harper.  
"No, not really, but I'm pleased with your jealous reaction," Alec smirked, and stepped toward me as he wrapped his arm around my waist until I was pressed up against him.
I made a disgusted sound in my throat.  "I am not jealous, and I find your arrogant assumptions even more off-putting than your mobster job title," I said very seriously, while removing his arm from my waist, and stepping away.  
"Really?  At the lunch table, Evan had no problem protecting you like his property while at the same time holding Harper's hand, so I'd say you find arrogance very attractive in a man," he said smugly, and I glared at him.
"I am not going to get sucked into your ridiculous little mind games."  I let out a frustrated sigh, and he nodded, looking satisfied.  
"See Dani?  I can act human.  In fact, it's my specialty," he announced proudly, like the emotional push-pull was some sort of proof he wasn't made of stone.  But I must admit, there was something about him that I couldn't put my finger on.  I'd never met a vampire like him before, which was probably the same thing he was thinking about me.    
"What kind of vampire are you, Alec?"  I asked, hoping he'd give me more than a smart mouthed answer.
"You'll know everything soon enough," he replied, gently tugging at a lock of my hair like he was sure that brain of mine would figure it out.    
Nope, I guess not.  He walked past me to return to the lunch room, and I scanned his veins for a trace of a heartbeat, only to come up empty. 
"You want me to play nice with your friends, but you're the one who broke my hand."  His tone was borderline pouty, reminding me of my five-year-old brother, and he turned, holding it up to show me his ouchy, but I could see that it was already healed. 
"It would be very human of you to kiss and make it better," he said with another gleaming smile, and I grasped his outstretched hand, crunching it into twenty broken pieces instead.  
"I meant act like a grownup human.  You met Dale.  We have enough guys at this school who act like kindergarteners."  I pushed him out of my way as he shook his hands out, the bones popping back into place like the crackle of Rice Krispies.  His amused laugh followed me all the way down the hall.   


Chapter 10:  Detention

"Who is he?"  Eli asked with a creased forehead, sitting on the avocado-colored teacher's desk, circa 1970.  After school, I went down to the deserted wing that was under remodeling construction, still ongoing for several years.  Now used only for storage and detention, I found Eli waiting for me inside the classroom of my sentencing.  He Tranced the teacher into believing that he was filling in for today and she could go home, along with giving the rest of the students a onetime freebee, so we could be alone.  When I started in on my story, his knees actually buckled, and he had to sit down while he listened.  This was not a good sign, if even Eli, my rock, was worried.  
"He says he works for the 7th Circle and mentioned Stella.  I am so seriously screwed right now.  What am I going to do?!"  I raked my hands over my face as the despair of the situation set in.  
"Unless they're waitressing at The Basement, vampires don't work for 7th; they kill for 7th.  Stella must want something or you'd already be dead."  Eli deduced.  Having been a vampire for a long time, he knew a lot more about the 7th Circle than I ever would so I was sure he knew what he's talking about.  
"I know, but it's so strange.  He's acting more like a bodyguard than a hit man, and he already seems to know about my Gifts, so why am I still breathing?  If they want something, I don't know what.  Every minute I'm with this Alec guy feels like I'm closer to my last."   
I put my head on my desk and started banging my forehead against the acrylic top in an attempt to knock an answer loose from my brain, with no luck.
"Dani, stop," Eli said.  Hopping off the teacher's desk, he came over and picked me up by the shoulders, until I was standing in front of him.  His fiery hazel eyes looked into mine with more resolve than I'd ever seen.  
"Stop acting like you're in this alone.  You're not.  I'm going to help you figure it out.  We'll get through this just like we have everything else, I promise.  Just play along with Alec for now to buy me some time."  
"What are you going to do?"  The hesitation in my voice was fraught with fear.  
"What I do best," Eli replied with a smirk.  It was the same smirk he had when doing research and surveillance for a new mission of a potential Reborn.
"Eli, no.  I don't want you anywhere near this.  I've put enough people in danger.  You should leave town while you can," I said with anguish.  Maybe I could keep one person I cared about safe.
"Dani, there is no getting out of this without you, okay?  We started this as a team and we’re going to end it that way too."  He squeezed my shoulders with another nod of resolve, and I knew it was no use.  
"I'll be in touch.  I have a few errands to run before I go home and burn all the files on our Reborns.  The last thing we need is the risk of endangering those we have managed to help.  Consider yourself sprung from detention."  He pulled me into a quick, but reaffirming hug, before stepping past me to leave.  
"I'll pay for your plane ticket."  My voice cracked with desperation, refusing to give up on the idea of him skipping town.  But he didn't turn to consider my proposition, only giving me the finger as he walked away.  I guess that was a no.
*****
"Thanks for waiting for me.  This has been the longest day ever," I said, throwing my head back on the passenger seat and closing my eyes, still hoping it was all just a bad dream.    
"No problem, I had some research to do in the library," Kate said as she came to a stop at a red light.    
"So… what's with this flightaho, Alec?  The whole school has been buzzing about him.  I heard him and Evan had quite the bonding experience during lunch, but then you introduced him in English like you were old friends."  Kate seemed excited about dissecting the new gossip, that for once, didn't involve Harper's falsehoods.  God, this school.  Must every little detail of our conversations be shared at all times?    
"He's nobody.  Our parents were friends, pre-split, and I'm just showing him around, that's all."  I tried to slough her off, not at all wanting to talk about it.    
"Aha," Kate said, nodding her head, but there was insinuation in her voice. 
"No, aha.  There is no need for the aha.  He is not an aha," I said defensively.
"Hmm," Kate pressed out in a close-lipped smile. 
"Seriously!"  I said, exhausted by her distorted train of thought.   
"Well, I'd like to get to know him," Kate was biting her lower lip, probably picturing his cut, bronze bod.
"No, you don't," I said firmly.  
"Why not?  He is so yummy," she stated, and my stomach turned at the thought of them in a dark corner.  I bet Alec would think she was yummy, too. 
"Because he's a total player."  I didn't have the proof, but I'm sure I hit the nail on the head, and Kate had no idea what she could be getting herself into.  Vampires don't date humans, they snack on them.    
"I heard Harper was quite smitten with him.  Maybe she'll break up with Evan, and you two could finally go for it," Kate said with encouragement.
"Damn, I didn't realize your Jetta doubled as torture chamber, or I would've walked home.  Evan and I have nowhere to go.  We're happy just being friends like we’ve always been," I sighed out, becoming irritated with the whole conversation.   
"Aha," Kate slowed to a stop in front of my house, and I looked at her in a "give me a break" manner before hopping out of the car.  Even her wave had a hidden agenda.  
As soon as I turned my attention toward the house, I cursed under my breath.  A black Lincoln sedan was parked in the driveway, and I saw Fred's arm resting out the window, his signature cigarette dangling from his fingertips as he waited.  The motor was still running, not a good sign.  My dad must have pried himself away from the restaurant, but not long enough to have Fred turn the car off, which meant he only came home to yell at me face-to-face before going back to work.    
This was officially the worst and longest day of my life, and that included the night I was turned into a half-vamp.  I didn't even care if I got grounded at this point.  It's not like I could go to The Basement anytime soon for another mission, if ever.  So what difference did it make if I were locked up in the house, awaiting my impending doom and the 7th Circle to serve me my fate?  They wouldn't have to worry, because after getting sentenced to a month of being trapped in the house with Missy, we'd end up killing each other, saving them the trouble.  So much for a fun senior year.  
I walked into the foyer and the first thing I heard was Missy Bitchy laughing it up in the kitchen with my Dad.  I swear, I was about to snap and pull out every single one of her over processed hairs.  I threw my messenger bag on the stairs and headed toward the laughter, deciding to get this over with.    
"There she is, my little jail bird."  Bill said as I walked in.
"There he is, my little workaholic.  What are you doing here, Bill?"  I asked, heading for the fridge.  
"It's ‘Dad’ to you, young lady, and don't make me tell you again.  I'm mad enough that I had to take time away from the restaurant, because my angel of a daughter landed herself in, not one, but two days of detention!"  He said sharply.  I ignored him to glare at Missy, who was nodding along at his statement like she was my mother.  The school always calls and leaves a notice for parents on your answering machine when you've been written up.  I was planning on erasing it when I got home, and moving on from this crap hole of a day, but I guess Missy felt the need to call my dad and tattle on me first.  
"Yeah, it must be tough taking time away from your precious diners to actually feel obligated to come to Mapleton and be a parent."  I grabbed a juice box from the fridge, and started walking to find whatever room Missy stuck Conner in to play by himself, so she could witness her destructive efforts.  My dad’s face turned beet red, and he grabbed my arm to stop my exit.  
"Knock it off, Daniella!  I didn't bust my ass for thirty years to give my kids everything, just to have you throw it back in my face," he spat out, ragged and fuming.   
"Maybe I didn't want everything, Dad.  Maybe dinner around the table with my happy family would have been enough!"  I yelled.  Ripping my arm away from him, I continued my exit.  
"Fine!  If it’s family time you want, you got it.  Will and I expect you at the restaurant on Friday for the dinner shift."  He said with a hint of triumph, and I whipped back around to face him.   
"No way.  I told you I'm not cooking in that kitchen, EVER again," I said bitterly.  The memories of my dad and me together in that kitchen flooded my mind before I could stop them: my long hair tucked under my kid-sized chef's hat that he custom-ordered and had embroidered with my name.  I wore it so proudly when I helped him cook back then, during closed hours, while he experimented with new dishes for the menu, and taught me everything I know about food.  His “little sous chef in training,” he'd say.  He saw the sting in my eyes, and the red subsided from his face as he began to calm down. 
"I'm not asking you to work the kitchen, Dani.  You can help with the front of the house.  I have some important clients coming in," he said, softer now, his guilt showing in his voice, and I nodded in agreement.  I was all out of fight today.    
"Good.  Fred will pick you up from the house, after school on Friday," he said, reaching out to squeeze my shoulder, but I stepped back, and he was left hanging.  I walked away to find Conner in this house that was way too big for our family of two.  All I heard now was Missy's grating laugh, echoing through the halls.  


Chapter 11:  Sneaking In

I was lying on top of my bedspread, inspecting my little chef's hat with "Daniella" embroidered in bubblegum pink across the front.  I sat up to try it on, only to find it wouldn't fit over the crown of my head.  I guess I'd outgrown it in more ways than one.  
"What are you doing?"  Evan asked as he opened the French door of my balcony, entering my room.
"You know, just thinking about the good ol’ days."  I threw the hat at him, and he ran his finger over the embroidery.
"You and your dad have a fight?"  Evan knows me too well.  I shrugged; I really didn’t want to talk about it.  He leapt onto the bed next to me and tried to ram the hat on my head, but he just smashed my hair down over my face.  I squeaked out a laugh as I fell from the force, lying beside him.  I chucked the hat aside, and he brushed the hair out of my eyes to reveal his crooked smile.  
"I think it's a little small," he said, continuing to sweep the hair away from my face.  
"You think?"  I answered sarcastically, slapping his arm, and he propped up on one elbow, laying his other arm across my stomach.  
"You want to tell me about this flightaho, and why I've never heard of him until today?"  Evan raised one eyebrow inquisitively, while jostling his arm over my stomach, trying to shake some answers loose, and I made an irritated sound.  
"Could we please not talk about Alec?  I'm practically being blackmailed into hanging out with him.  I don't need you making it harder.  What was with the attitude at lunch?"  I asked, looking at him with disapproval.  
"Who's blackmailing you, your dad?"  Evan asked, ignoring my question to ask another, and my heart sunk, knowing I had to lie.
"Yeah, my dad does business with his family.  They’re one of our investors or something, so could you please take it easy on him and give me a break?"  I pushed his shoulder, and he collapsed his elbow.  His breath felt warm on my cheek.  
"I know the last thing you and your dad need is more tension, so I'll try, for you."  Evan said pulling me in until I was on my side, facing him.
"Thank you," I whispered, closing my eyes, feeling emotionally exhausted, and he kissed the top of my head.  His gesture was so warm and comforting, just as Evan always was.
"I just want you to be careful.  I didn't get a good vibe from him is all.  The way he looked at you was… intense."  Evan couldn't put his finger on it and mistook it for desire, but I knew what it was.  It was the way a vampire always looks after choosing his next victim: power hungry.  He brushed my cheek, and I opened my eyes again to find his warm molasses candies melting with concern.
"Evan, you know me, I'll be careful.  I'm always careful when it comes to…  " I wanted to say it, but the words cracked in my throat as the fight with my dad replayed in my head.  If only I could have been as careful with my missions as I was with keeping people at a safe distance from my heart.  Maybe then, I wouldn’t be in this mess now.
"Yeah… I know, Dani."  Evan pulled me in tighter, and I rested my cheek on his chest, listening to his heart thump methodically in my ear.  My grueling day made the weight of my lids feel like boulders, and before I could fight it, I was drifting off to sleep.  
*****
Three sharp beeps ripped through the air before I could reach out and smash my palm on the "off" button of my alarm.  Evan's arm was still wrapped around my waist, and he groaned at the sound, pulling the comforter over our heads until we were in our own dark cave of blankets.  He must have covered us last night after I fell asleep, which meant he was awake enough to go home. 
"I'm surprised you stayed," I said as I maneuvered out of our spoon to face him.
"It seemed like you needed a good night's sleep," Evan said, groggily burying his head in the pillow, unwilling to face the morning.  He didn't know the half of it, but I was glad he stayed.  I always slept better when he was here.  Since Conner spends half the time at Mom's, and my dad sleeps most nights at his apartment in the city, it gets lonely in the six-bedroom house with only Missy here, whom I try to avoid at all costs.  I knew how it looked from the outside, Evan sneaking into my room, snuggling me as we slept.  But it felt easy this way with him, even comfortable.  We both have been through so much with our families, it was like we created our own way of coping.  We have this safe little world where we can talk about anything in the privacy of my room.  
I sat up and pulled the comforter back from our heads to reveal the bright morning sun shining through the balcony door.  Evan smashed the pillow over his head to try and shut out the light, groaning again in dismay.  I pulled the pillow away from his face and started tapping his cheek with my palm, coaxing him to wake up.  He smiled, grabbing my wrist, pulling me into his chest while giving me a noogie with his other hand.  I squealed as the friction from his fist turned my hair into an even bigger rats’ nest, and pushed on his chest, but I accidentally used too much force, and he flew off the bed, landing on the floor with a thud.  
"Crap!"  I gasped.  
I jumped off the bed to help him up.  "Are you all right?"  I asked, grabbing his hand like a teammate helping him up off the field.  
"Someone had their Wheaties for breakfast," he said, standing up and looking at me with a peculiar expression.  I laughed and shrugged, not knowing how to gloss over that.  It wasn't the first time I slipped up in front of him.  Sometimes it's so hard not to be myself, especially with Evan, who makes me feel so normal and at ease in my human state.  
"You should go before Conner comes busting in here," I said, changing the subject, as he picked me up in a bear hug.  
"All right, I'll see you at school," he said into my shoulder before setting me back down and digging his feet into his shoes.  He disappeared down the lattice of ivy next to my balcony and started to sprint across my backyard into his own, to change for school.  The timing was perfect because Conner burst through my bedroom door just as I turned the balcony door's lock. He immediately climbed up on the mattress and began to jump on my bed.  His light brown hair was flopping in his eyes as he bounced in his Spiderman pajamas.  
"Can you make me pancakes?"  His request sounded bumpy as he jumped, and I smiled.  He's always trying to get me to cook for him, since burnt toast and dried-out chicken nuggets are Missy's main staples when it comes to feeding my little brother.  
"Of course, buddy.  But we gotta hurry, so I can get ready for school," I said, holding out my arms as he bounced right off the bed into them with a squeal.  I maneuvered him onto my back until his arms were wrapped around my neck.  I made horsey sounds as I jumped and skipped downstairs to the kitchen, relishing the sound of his wild giggles as we went.  I would die if anything ever happened to Conner or anyone else I loved.  I sure hoped Eli was coming up with a plan, because all I had for breakfast was a whole lot of worry with a side of zilch.  


Chapter 12:  Carpooling

The smell of blueberry pancakes wafted through the house long after Conner devoured his syrupy stack.  I was running a little behind and as I finished up with the hair dryer, I heard a honk outside telling me my ride for school was here, but it didn't sound like Kate's Jetta.  I quickly secured my hair in a haphazard ponytail to go check it out, and when I opened the front door, I saw a black Audi parked in my driveway.  Alec sat grinning behind the wheel as Kate waved happily from the passenger seat.  My stomach instantly did a flip at the thought of him alone with her.  I rushed over and jumped in the back seat behind Alec, as Kate turned to look at me.  
"Hey, guess who called me this morning and offered to pick us up?  Wasn't that nice?" Kate asked, but her wicked smile set the tone for the question, and I wanted to scream.  She had it so wrong, I could have crunched his car up into scrap metal, and it still couldn't have tamed my frustration.  
"That is so nice," I said, like a cheerleader.  Alec's eyes flicked into the rearview mirror, and he winked at me before putting his car in reverse.  I sat back in my seat and crossed my arms like a child after being refused an ice cream stop.  If yesterday was my worst nightmare come to life, today was sure to be the sequel.  
"Alec is staying at the Patterson house until his parents find something decent to buy.  But that place is so gorgeous, you'll probably never want to leave, right, Alec?"  Kate asked, and he nodded along in agreement.  Of course, the Patterson house.  It was a beautifully restored historical estate down the road, owned by the Patterson family who only use it during the summer and rent it out the rest of the time.  Alec found a primo spot to keep an eye on me, only a few blocks away from my house, and I sunk a little more in my seat.  The thought of him wandering around my own neighborhood was beyond disturbing.  
"I heard you tried out for the baseball team.  How'd it go?"  Kate asked, turning her attention to Alec.  Our senior class should have started their own media network.  They got information out faster than Facebook.  
"I made it.  I'll be starting in November with the rest of the team, when indoor practices begin."  Alec's tone was genuinely happy, and I wondered if it was because he knew he was making me crazy.  Was he seriously going to be here in November?  That was over a month away.  I thought I'd definitely be dead by then, or at least in a mental hospital from the psychotic breakdown I was about to have.  Watching my two worlds collide was surreal, and I was not coping well.  
"That's great!  Dani and I go to all the games so we'll be there to cheer you on."  
"I'm counting on it," Alec said cryptically to me, but Kate smiled and patted his shoulder supportively, because any friend of mine was a friend of hers, and I couldn't tell her he was NOT my friend.  I didn't even want her touching him.  What if she accidentally broke her hand just by patting him too hard on his concrete shoulder?
A few silent minutes later, we pulled into the school parking lot, and Alec hopped out, running around to open Kate's door.  I was so surprised, I sat there stupidly for a minute, and he managed to get my door too, before I could object.  I stepped, out eyeing him suspiciously, and wondering what his game was today.  
"Thank you, Alec.  It's so nice to finally have a gentleman at our school."  Kate praised him, swooning at his little gesture, and I clenched my jaw, not pleased by how easily he was accepted into our group.  At least, Evan was still on my side.  She waved goodbye and said she'd see me in AP History, as she ran off to her class on the other side of campus.  
"What was that about?  If you even think about working your so-called charms on my best friend as some sort of twisted play to get into my head, I swear I will snap your neck when you least expect it," I threatened, stepping into him, and pushing an accusatory finger into his chest.  He tilted his head down until his smoldering eyes locked onto mine, not at all intimidated by my words.  He grabbed my hand from his chest and wrapped it behind his neck, picking me up until we were eye-to-eye, in one startling swoop.  
"Who says Kate is the one I'm trying to so-call charm?"  He asked with a hint of a smile as he spun us in a slow circle, with my feet dangling off the ground.  As we turned, his eyes became even more torrid with something.  I didn’t get it.  I'd swear he was trying to Trance me with a Gifted form of hypnosis that somehow affected vampires, but all I could see were the students who stopped walking into school in order to stare at us before pulling out their phones.  I shook my head in annoyance that this little show would soon be on record, and wiggled out of his embrace to land my feet on the ground.  
"You work for the 7th Circle, so you should know the rules.  And I thought we already talked about this flirty crap yesterday.  Do you really think I'm that naïve?"  This was getting offensive, as if his phony, flirtatious games could sway my opinion toward wanting him here.  I began to walk away, but he caught my wrist, spinning me around to face him.  
"Like you said, Dani.  This isn't The Basement; this is high school.  So as far as I'm concerned, all the rules have changed.  And if I recall, you seemed very inviting toward me yesterday at the dugout," he mused, and I nodded in sarcastic agreement.  
"Yeah, remind me again, was that before or after I kicked your ass?"  I said with an inquisitive tilt of my head.  
"That's not exactly how I remember it.  I think you're just lashing out because I wasn't stupid enough to fall for your anti-vamp blood," he countered, and I stumbled back a few steps with my mouth hanging open in shock, and Alec kept his hold my wrist matching my steps to keep me from falling.  
"Who are you?"  I asked through a quiet breath.  
"I told you, Dani, the sooner you trust me the better."  He leaned into my ear and his hand holding my wrist glided down until our fingers wove together.
"You don't have to hide with me," he whispered and strangely, our hands seemed to reluctantly untangle when he stepped past me and started moving through the parking lot.  I stood there frozen, watching him walk into my school, right into my life, and my stomach clenched with uninvited butterflies.  How could he know all my secrets?  
*****
After another excruciating lunch of Harper hitting on Alec right in front of Evan, it was clear he was going to have a difficult time getting along with my new shadow, despite his scouts’ honor last night to try to, if only for my sake.  Although I could hardly blame Evan and his lack of effort, as I was sure watching your best friend getting intense attention from an obvious player, while your girlfriend looked on longingly, as if she wanted to trade places, couldn't be easy.  Especially for the captain of our baseball team who never had trouble with the ladies, and now suddenly found himself in competition with his soon-to-be catcher.  
I finally had a minute away from them both when I left Alec to meet Kate at our next class.  I was relieved to have a class alone with Kate and not have to deal with Evan, or Alec, or Harper, or any other melodramas which were making these last two days feel like lifetimes.  Kate waved at me when I walked into AP History, and I promptly found a desk next to her in the back.  Since this was our only class together with just the two of us, we liked to hide in the back, and tried to get away with texting throughout the period.  It was the perfect set-up since Mr. Anglewood's glasses were getting thicker each year, and as long as we were discreet, he couldn't see us using our phones.  
"Hey, I heard lunch didn't go so great again.  I guess a bromance between our new catcher and star pitcher is out of the question.  It’s a shame…"  Kate trailed off, worried about the future of our division-leading baseball team, but I was more worried about the onset of a future fight that would leave Evan without a pitching arm at all.  
"Who is telling you all this?"  I asked, astounded at how plugged in she could be to the gossip, when she didn’t even have the same lunch.  
"Please, Bennet's practically texting me the table talk verbatim," she said with a wave of her hand, as if it were obvious.  Of course, what was I thinking by not assuming that half of our school was ziplined to our table via cell phone.  She was right about Alec and Evan, though.  I didn’t see the tension getting any less uncomfortable, unless Harper could keep her paws off Alec, which was unlikely.  It didn't help that she had Senior Sculpture with Alec and me either, giving her a topic for conversation, like it was suddenly her favorite class.  Wait, did I just say Alec and me, like we were some sort of couple?  The bell rang, and I shrunk in my seat as I shook out the unnerving, mental slip-up, but Mr. Anglewood had yet to make an appearance.  Kate and I looked at each other curiously because he was always on time.
A minute of silent wonderment passed and the students were becoming antsy in their seats, contemplating how much longer they’d have to wait before they could ditch and have a free hour.  Finally, the classroom door opened, only it wasn’t Mr. Anglewood, and my mouth hit the floor from this mindboggling twist.  My eyes must have been playing tricks on me, and I squinted at the person before me, as if my brain wouldn't accept the image.  Eli came strolling in, holding a briefcase and wearing a Calvin Klein suit, looking so confident, you would think he'd been walking in and out of these halls for years.  He set his briefcase on the desk and picked up the dry erase marker, writing “Mr. Powell” on the board, before he turned and smiled knowingly at me, my mouth still agape.  What was he doing here?!  
"Hello class, I'm Mr. Powell."  Lie one, because his last name was not Powell.  
"Mr. Anglewood abruptly decided to retire."  Lie two, because Eli obviously Tranced him.  
"I'll be taking over as your substitute teacher until they find a suitable replacement."  Lie three, because he was definitely not a teacher!  My cell phone buzzed in my lap, and I looked down at my text message. 
"Hallelujah for retirement!!!  My next boyfriend just walked in."  Kate's enthusiasm over this attractive change in scenery made a giggle of hysteria escape my throat, like a mental patient who needed to ease up on the meds.  If any more super-humans, day-walking vampires, or any other unannounced creatures, like a werewolf, walked into my school, that I had to lie about, I felt sure I was going to crack! 
"You can't hit on our teacher!"  I texted back to Kate, and the sound of a ruler whacking my desk almost made me scream with a start, I was so jumpy these days.  I looked up to find Eli tapping the ruler in his hand, like a deranged Catholic nun from the fifties.  I think he might need a few tips on how teachers acted in the present era.  
"I know I'm just a sub to you, but there will be no texting in my class.  Is that clear?"  Eli said, holding back a smile, and I sighed, not particularly loving his little game of teacher’s pet.  A heads up that he was crossing over into my human life would have been nice.  
"Yes sir," I said through my clenched smile, and he practically started shaking as he tried not to laugh, clearly, much more amused than I.  He turned around and walked back to the front of the room.  
My lap buzzed again when I got another text from Kate.  "He can spank me with that ruler any time."  I slapped my palm to my forehead.  What was happening to my life?  
After an hour of not paying attention to Eli's history lecture, the bell finally rang, giving me sweet release from the ludicrousness of being forced to watch him teach my class.  I took my time re-stuffing my books, while Kate stood up and waited.  
"You go ahead.  I have a quick question about our assignment," I told her, looking down into my messenger bag, unable to meet her curious eyes.
"Aha."  She drew it out.
"Would you give me a break with the ahas?"  I looked up at her like she was being ridiculous with her insinuations, because she was.  
"Fine, but you already have Evan and Alec, so I got dibs on this one," she said, and I rolled my eyes.  In what world did I suddenly have Evan and Alec?  Certainly not this one, nor did I want it.  But whatever, it was fine by me, she could start hitting on our new fake teacher all she liked, and if she wound up getting Eli kicked out of here, it would one less person I had to lie about.  
"Deal.  He's all yours," I said, tired of correcting her on the Evan and Alec misconception.  She took up my hand with a shake, like I just signed and sealed a contract.  Kate was the last one to exit, closing the door behind her, and Eli sat back in his chair, propping his feet up on the desk.  
"What the hell, Eli?  What are you doing here?"  I asked, my arms stretched out like I was showing him where he was for the first time.  Did he realize I still had to go to school here?  
"There was no way I was going to sit behind the scenes on this one.  I can do a lot more than just research and surveillance.  While I figure out what the 7th Circle is up to, I'm not letting you out of my sight.  For all we know, Alec is just toying with you, and plans to snatch you up right in the middle of school.  Playing teacher was the best way to be discreet while I keep an eye on you around here."  He stretched his arms behind his neck, looking very proud of himself, and I crossed my arms, not as impressed.  
"Thanks for the warning, by the way.  Like it wasn't bad enough when a vampire, who may or may not be a hired hit man of the 7th Circle sent to kill me, walks into my school unannounced.  Now my super-human partner in Reborn crime shows up too," I said, tapping my foot.  
"I had to work fast to get my fake credentials in order.  It's not easy getting a teaching degree together in one night."  He lamely explained, like it was so hard to shoot me a text - Hey Dani.  FYI, I'll be teaching your history class from now on.  Would that have been so hard?  I suspected he didn't tell me so he could enjoy the look on my face when he showed up.  It suddenly seemed like everyone surrounding me was in on some huge joke at my expense.  Did I have a sign on my forehead that said, "Wind me up and I'll dance like a monkey?"  I sighed and decide to let it go.  At least, Eli was someone I liked having around.  
"Fine, but fly low around here, and be careful especially with your Gifts, no more Trancing.  And since you’re here to keep an eye on me, I think you'll find it interesting that Alec knows what my blood can do," I said with raised eyebrows, and Eli visibly straightened up with surprise.  
"So he wasn't bluffing.  He knows what you are."  Eli said, more to himself.
"Yeah, I know.  This whole thing doesn't make any sense!  Why would Stella or anyone in the 7th Circle keep a half-vamp alive who has the power to take away immortality?"  I asked, knowing he wouldn't have the answer.  
"I don't know yet, but I'm damn sure going to find out.  The 7th Circle is the ultimate in archaic thinking.  They despise humans, and certainly wouldn't allow the progression of a new advanced human species, or ever let you live knowing you could strip them of their immortal status.  They must have an angle that we're not seeing, and until I get to the bottom of this, I'll be here to look out for you," Eli said like a true partner, always having my back, and honestly, I felt a little better knowing he was here.  I was more lost than ever, but at least, I wasn’t alone.  I reached out and squeezed his foot in a silent thanks. 
I smiled.  "Well, here's a little tip, Mr. Powell, teachers in the twenty-first century don't wield rulers around like an old Catholic school to instill discipline."  He started to laugh.
"That I knew, but I couldn't resist."  He smiled at the memory of messing with me.
"Oh, and the tailored suit is overkill," I added.  
"I wanted to make a good first impression.  Your friend, Kate, is really cute, just like you described her."  
"Yeah, she thought you were pretty cute too," I said, tossing him my phone to view her inappropriate texts.  
"Nice," he said, taking his feet off the desk, and leaning over it to look out into the hall through the door's glass window, as if she'd be standing there, naked.
"A teacher hooking up with a student is the fastest way to get fired," I warned him.   
"Well, I'm not really a teacher, but considering I'm living history, I think I'll manage.  You should know though, that these half-wits who wrote your history books have it all wrong," he noted, shaking his head while still staring out the door’s window, and I snatched my phone back from his hand.  
"You just stick to the material."  I rotated his head away from the imaginary, naked Kate, before exiting class.  


Chapter 13:  Revolutionary

"Hey, I'm glad I caught up with you," Alec said, sidling up next to me in the deserted dungeon hall on my way to detention.  I felt instantly uncomfortable with how alone we were.  
"You have detention too?"  I asked, looking skeptical since I was sure he would Trance his way out of that. 
"No, but you don't have it either," he said with a smile, and I stopped in my tracks to face him.  
"I thought we talked about you Trancing the teachers," I said, frustrated.  Why did it feel like whenever I talked lately, no one listened?  
"I know, it's just, Kate got a ride home with Dale, and I thought it would be a good time for us to talk.  I wanted to come over last night and try to explain my sudden appearance, but I saw your… company beat me to it," Alec said, looking at the floor with his admission of spying on me.  I assumed that meant he saw Evan, which wasn't helping me keep my friend from danger like I wanted.  I tilted his chin up to look at me.  
"You know, I realize this stealthy vampire behavior is common in our underground world, but in real daylight life, when you say things like that, it comes off as creepy," I said, trying not to lose my cool.  
"I'll try and remember that."  He smiled.  Taking up my hand, he began to lead me into an abandoned classroom.  
"Where are we going?"  I asked, looking around nervously.  Where was Eli when I needed him?  
"We need to talk," Alec said, pulling me along until we were locked inside the outdated, poorly lit room.  Switching to vampire speed as soon as we entered, he spun me around until I was flat against the wall, while pressing his hands on either side of my shoulders.  I was trapped in the confines of his arms within all of two seconds, and breathless from surprise, not being used to such behavior in the daylight.  
"I'm sorry for the way I ambushed you by showing up here, with no warning first.  Honestly, with Stella, it all unraveled so fast, I had to act quickly, and I didn't think through how you would react to me walking into your school.  I was caught off guard when you turned vamp on me in the hall and my instincts got the better of me, but it won't happen again.  I don't want to play games with you, Dani.  I want to tell you everything, but I can't, not yet."  His sincere inflection and heart-felt words were way beyond what a vampire was capable of emotionally.  That's what I couldn't put my finger on before; he was too… human.  And he had way too much control over his instincts, otherwise he'd have been using the student body as his own personal blood bank by now.  Still, as far as I could see, he was one hundred percent vampire, which only freaked me out more.  
"Alec, I need some answers here," I said with indignation, my eyes transfixed on his face, which held too much expression.  
"You’re right.  How could I expect you to trust me with a blind eye?"  He said, dropping his head down shamefully like it was Human Behavior 101, and he should have known.  
"What do you want to know?  I'll tell you as much as I can," he said dejectedly, as he looked up from the floor to find my eyes.  It wasn't until now, standing so close to his face, as he slowly looked at me through his long, toasted almond lashes that I noticed the striking ring of gold in his stormy, ocean eyes.  A kaleidoscope of citrine iridescence beamed outward, as if the sun were trying to pierce through its cloudy depths after a rainfall.  I had never seen a vampire with such depth in his eyes.  There was something special about them, and I found myself mysteriously drawn to their bottomless pools.  
"I want to know everything," I said in a whisper, too hypnotized by the intensity of his gaze to find my voice.  I was wrong before; the way he looked at me wasn't predatory or power hungry, but what it was, I still couldn't define.    
"It's complicated," he whispered back.  
"Uncomplicate it."  
"I can't tell you everything."  
"Tell me something."  I put my hand to his cheek, looking deeper into his mesmerizing stare, trying to figure out this enigma of a vampire.
"I do work for the 7th Circle, but not in the way you think."  He held my hand against his face and closed his eyes, as if savoring my touch.  
"So you weren't sent here to kill me?"  I asked, and his lips pressed tightly together before he opened his eyes again.  
"No," he said in a sigh, as though my worrying that he'd bring harm to me was a senseless waste of my time.
"Then why are you here?"  I pressed.  Why did the 7th Circle send him if it wasn't to kill me?
"I can't explain that in a way you'll understand," he said sadly like he wanted to go on.  
"You're not helping me trust you, Alec.  Help me.  What does Stella want?"  I said, tilting my head into him.  I pressed my hands over his chest as I looked up at him for answers.  
He blew out a breath.  "This wasn't the plan.  Everything changed when Stella became a part of the equation.  I don't know how to give her what she wants without hurting you, Dani, and I would never hurt you."  
"Then I guess we're back to square one, because you've basically told me nothing," I said, shaking my head as I dropped my hands from his chest.  I leaned back against wall, looking up at the ceiling, wondering why we were even having this conversation if he couldn't tell me anything.  Alec tucked a strand of hair behind my ear and guided my chin back to him.  
"You can ask about me.  Not Stella, or my job, but me," he smiled softly, as if that were at least something.  
  "How do you know so much about me?"  I asked, feeling more interested in how he acquired so much detail about my life before he even came to Mapleton.  
"I've always known about you, and many of us have worked very hard to keep Stella away from you," he explained.  The word us struck me.  
"Who are the others?  Are they like you?"  I asked, still fascinated by his human qualities.  
"In a way, yes, once they taste my blood."  
"What does your Infinity blood do?"  I was intrigued, never having known another vampire whose blood had permanent effects, like my own.  His eyes were locked onto mine now, as if he were trying to show me.  
"Look at me, Dani.  Don't you see it?"  I nodded yes to his question, looking into his eyes, although I was still unsure of what it meant.  
"I may not have a beating heart, but I have a heart that acts much more human than vampire.  My blood Gifts vampires with the ability to feel deep emotion, and allows them to think before acting on instinct, and even control their bloodlust, when needed."  I wanted to protest at the outrageous lie I felt he must be feeding me, but I was still sucked into the water color canvas of his sparkling eyes.  I couldn't bring myself to call them anything, but human.  I swallowed at the implication, again searching for a pulse on his neck, yet I saw nothing.  
"What are you saying?  That you're a vampire with a conscience, and those who drink from you are Gifted with one too?"  My eyes went wide with disbelief, just to marvel at the idea.  
"That's exactly what I'm saying.  You and I are the bridge to the next generation of the human and vampire races.  Think about it.  I have the Gift to turn vampires into more than just instinct-reactive, bloodlusting beasts, and you hold the key to a Gifted, more resilient human race.  The balance would be restored.  Think of it as if evolution has found its way, thousands of years in the making, and we are the Adam and Eve of a new frontier.  The gap between the two species would slowly come to a close."  Alec had an excitement in his eyes, telling me he believed this without a shred of doubt, and I gasped as the words sunk in.  
"This is impossible," I said, looking at him with newfound light.  How could his blood be so uniquely different?  
"As impossible as you?"  Alec said with a smirk, tilting his head toward me.  This was too much.  I couldn't process all of it.  
"How can I trust a word out of your mouth?"  I asked, scrutinizing him.  
"All you need to trust is that I'll never let Stella get her hands on you."  Alec's voice came out low and husky, as if he'd put his life on the line to prove it, and the rims of gold ignited his eyes as my breathing became shallower, feeling ensconced by the intensity of his gaze.  
"That day in the boutique when you gave me my first token to The Basement, was that a coincidence? Or did you seek me out?"  I asked.  His lips were so dangerously close to mine, I could feel the warmth of his breath, which in itself should have been impossible.  
"Dani, if it were up to me, I would have brought you into the fold a long time ago; but one thing is for certain, nothing about your life has been a coincidence."  
My breath hitched in my throat, and I ducked underneath his arms, as if suddenly realizing I was only millimeters away from his lips.  What was I doing?  I had to be smarter than this.  I was always careful with my heart, so what was it about Alec that made me want to give it away?  I didn’t even know him.  He dropped his hands from the wall where he kept me captive and looked at me with softness, as if he understood what I was thinking, and started to shake his head before I could even ask.  
"Are you the one who turned me, Alec?"  
"No, Dani.  I'm just the one who's falling for you," he said, continuing to shake his head to reiterate his answer.  He reached out, cupping my cheek, as if he were about to kiss me.  For some unsettling reason, I felt as though I wouldn't object.
"You don't even know me," I said, stepping away suddenly, while feeling like this was all a big game, in which at the end, only I had something to lose.  
"Yes, I do.  I can't help but know you every time we touch.  You and I, it's like we're… we were made for each other."  Alec's voice was almost a wistful whisper, and his expression looked puzzled, like this was one curveball he couldn't quite catch.  I opened my mouth to laugh at the corny implication, but the sound got trapped in my throat, and I swallowed it down instead.
"I thought I made it clear that there is no you and I," I said ominously, and he smiled as if the idea of my statement was preposterous.  He knew I felt the hypnotic pull too.  
"Admit you at least trust me more than you did ten minutes ago," he said, holding out his hand for me to take as confirmation.  I stubbornly shook my head, while backing toward the door.  
He sighed with defeat.  "I'll take you home.  You may not trust me, but I'm going to be here to protect you, whether you like it or not," he said, walking to the door and gesturing for me to go through.  
"Ladies first," I said, shoving him in front of me, and he laughed as he took out his keys.  


Chapter 14:  Theory of Evolution

"He's playing you."  Eli was sitting propped up on my bed, watching me get ready for the dinner shift at the restaurant, trying to squeeze in one more lecture.  
"I know, Eli.  You've said that about a million times already.  I'm just trying to talk out all the possibilities."  I was starting to feel like a little kid getting scolded.  I told Eli everything that happened with Alec during our intense moment in the deserted classroom, and for days now, he has been planting anti-Alec propaganda in my head, refusing to believe any of it, or his fuzzy feelings toward me.  
I didn't dare tell Eli that the more time I spent with Alec, the more I believed him, and deep down, I wasn't afraid of him, because somehow I knew he'd never hurt me.  There was something about the way we moved together so easily, when I pushed, he pulled; when he leaned in, I dipped.  It felt like a choreographed tango when we were together, and I found myself becoming addicted to our dance.  He was starting to affect me in a way I never let any man affect me, let alone a vampire.  It was all very unsettling as I felt myself slipping further into his arms.  It was like I knew I was making a big mistake by trusting Alec, but my heart was responding differently to what my brain told me to do.  
"How about the possibility that one of Alec's Gifts is the ability to Trance not only humans, but vampires too," Eli pointed out.  He may have been onto something, since there was a hypnotizing quality to Alec's eyes.  
"All I’m saying is that if Alec, by some miracle, is telling the truth, and there are others like him out there, part of some underground movement toward a new evolution of vampire, someone in the 7th Circle must be involved, right?  Why else would Alec say they sent him and yet have no intention of bringing me harm?"  I asked, turning away from the vanity mirror to look at Eli directly.  
"It's just so improbable.  The 7th Circle only sees humans as food sources, and I can't imagine any of them wanting to 'close the gap' as Alec put it."  Eli combed his fingers through his hair, completely dumbfounded by all of this.  
"Maybe that's just what they wanted you to think.  Did you ever meet them?  I thought they never went to The Basement or socialized with any vampires but each other?"  I was curious to know what this notorious group of killers was really like.
"No one has.  Before it became The Basement, it was originally only a space for the seven of them to enjoy their spoils without having to endure the public risks of hunting.  It wasn't until they abolished the rule that any vampire could turn a human without their permission that The Basement changed.  Subsequently, the vampire population grew so drastically, they tried to accommodate the growing volume by opening their private club to the 'public,' allowing any vampire to invite new members by passing tokens in order to expand the underground.  That's when they stopped partaking altogether, or kept another private club just for themselves; I'm not sure.  They're the ghosts of darkness, hiring out powerful Gifted vamps to do their bidding and enforce their rules."  Eli eyed me as if that whole story was another way of telling me not to trust Alec, and I shuddered at the thought of Eli hobnobbing with other vamps in The Basement for hundreds of years while he was one of them.  Eli was such an amazing person: kind, thoughtful, selfless, and a slew of other things that made it difficult to imagine him as a monster.  
"Eli, you are one of the few people in the world I trust, so if you find any reason for me not to believe a word out of Alec's mouth, I promise I won't question it for a minute.  I just like the idea of a new, kinder vampire, and I hope Alec is telling the truth."  I said with a nod, turning my attention back to the vanity.  I picked up my curling iron to fix a few flattened out areas, when Eli appeared behind me and put his hands on my shoulders.
"That means a lot to me Dani, and believe me, I want nothing more than to discover that Alec is telling you the truth.  Think of what this could mean!  If there are other vampires out there with the Gift of human compassion, we wouldn't just be a team of two anymore, we'd be a revolution."  I nodded, still in awe of it all, and Eli squeezed my shoulders with a smile.  
"I like our little team of two."  I looked at him in the mirror and pouted my lips and he smiled.  
"Me too, Dani.  Remember, forever grateful," he said sweetly, before dropping his hands.  
"You should stop by my apartment after your shift tonight and help me go through some of this research on vamp Gifts," Eli suggested, since the restaurant was so close to his place.  
"Definitely, I'll be there," I said, smiling into the mirror.  He walked over to the balcony to leave, but turned to face me, halfway out the door.  
"So… Kate left her number on her history paper.  Should I take that as a hint?"  Of course he waited to mention that just as he was leaving because it was exactly what I would do to him.  
"Eli, be careful.  She may be eighteen, but she's still a student," I warned.  His teacher role was sure to become a distant memory if they were even seen alone together.  
"I'm only twenty and not really a teacher," he said defensively, like that made it okay.  
"Five hundred and twenty," I corrected him with a bratty smile, and he gave me the finger as he turned to exit.  I couldn't help laughing.  Was that like his official goodbye wave to me now, or what?  
I quickly finished with the curling iron and got up to go dig in my closet for something to wear that met the “black and elegant” dress code requirements of the restaurant.  I began to sift through the racks when I came across the black, silk top I wore for my last weekend at The Basement.  When I took it off the hanger, I saw a faint stain of blood from when Henry bit me which was not quite washed out.  A well of emotion punched my stomach when I thought of the beep on the monitor as his heart came back to life.  For a year, that was my only focus: bringing vampires back to life.  
Now everything felt like such a mess.  I didn't know if I'd ever have the chance to reunite a family again.  The thought of all the lost and presumed dead runaways out there gnawed at me.  They didn't really want to leave home, but once turned, they forgot to even care about their former lives.  To the distraught parents who stayed up night after night, wondering what happened to their happy kid, I wanted to tell them they did nothing wrong, that their teenager was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, and that I could bring them back.  It felt like even if my own family could never be reunited, at least a piece of me could live vicariously through the ones I managed to bring back together.  
But I couldn't do that anymore.  With Stella plotting my death, my whole life's mission came to a jolting stop.  I knew that someday I could be caught, but I didn't think that it would be so soon.  There were so many more out there I could help.  I swallowed down the lump in my throat with a little prayer that someday I'd have the chance to meet the life-affirming eyes and vibrant beating heart of number twenty-four.  I put the blouse back on the hanger, unable to force myself to throw it away.  It might very likely to be the last trace of evidence I'd ever have that I did something meaningful with my life and my extraordinary Gifts that, for some reason, were bestowed upon me.  I wondered if I ever had a choice, or if Alec was right, and nothing about my life was a coincidence.


Chapter 15:  Charmed, I'm Sure

Fred dropped me off in front of the restaurant, and I walked in with trepidation because my dad and I hadn't talked since our little blow-up fight earlier in the week.  I was too stressed out to deal with family tension tonight on top of everything else, and I just wanted to barrel through this as quickly as possible.  I opened the frosted glass door with our trademark etched in the center, and breezed past the coat check area.  I did have one option: to take the flight of stairs up to the dining room or the elevator. I chose the stairs.  I was greeted with a smile by Mary, the longtime hostess, and I gave her a friendly hello before I made my way through the dining room to the kitchen.  
The restaurant was designed to go with the vibe of the city, and had contemporary décor mixed with industrial touches like an exposed brick wall and tall, steel-beamed ceiling.  Even though it felt modern, I liked that the space still retained a rustic coziness.  It was rather welcoming with two fireplaces, warm, wood-tone accents, and lots of fresh flowers, but they were never too much to overpower the enticing smells drifting from the kitchen.  I pushed through the swinging door to find Will busy at work with the sounds of hissing steam, bubbling pots and chopping knives swirling around me.  
"Hey, look who finally showed up," Will said jokingly since I was right on time.  He was looking over the expeditor’s shoulder and pointed out a few details on the ticket.  He looked like a totally different person in the kitchen, and I actually felt a tug of pride as I watched this responsible, body-snatched version of my big brother commanding the hectic scene.  His light brown hair was neatly combed, his face was clean shaven, and there was a professional confidence about him in his crisp, white chef's jacket with our family name, "Madison's" embroidered as the logo.  
"What can I help with?"  I asked, smoothing out my black pencil skirt.  
"I only worry about the kitchen.  Go find Dad if you're not going to grab a knife," Will answered, only half paying attention to me since he was completely swamped.  I backed out of the kitchen, eager to get out of his knife-wielding way.  I moved down the hall and hooked my purse in the armoire before seeking out my dad.   
The back of the restaurant houses the private chef’s table, and I was almost breathless when I entered the room, forgetting how beautiful it was back there at sunset.  The city lights come alive and bounce off the reflective pool of Lake Michigan as the sun begins its descent, bringing a shimmering rainbow into the intimate space as the warm oranges and reds pass through delicate crystal glasses on the shelves.  The long, family-style table is a dark, distressed wood, but the décor is fresh, with colors reflecting from the exquisite glass-blown pendants, imported from Venice, dangling above.  The table was full of men in suits and women in cocktail dresses as the wine flowed, along with the laughter and camaraderie.  Two balding heads parted, just enough for Bill to see me standing at the entry.  
"There she is.  Daniella?  Come over here.  I want everyone to meet my beautiful daughter," Bill said buoyantly, raising his glass as if my presence was cause for a toast.  Oh I get it, at home I'm his "little jail bird," but in front of his colleagues, I’m his "beautiful daughter."  I didn't know I was getting dinner and a show tonight.  I hesitantly walked around the table to his side, and he stood up from his seat, kissing my cheek, before proudly grasping my shoulder and steering me toward his guests.  
"Everyone, this is my daughter, Daniella.  She has so kindly volunteered to help out at the front of the house tonight.  That should give me plenty of time to drink you all into a stupor until you agree to finance Madison's in Miami."  Bill belted out a laugh, and a chorus of roars followed his lead as the clinking of glasses pealed through the room.  
"Daniella, such a stunning young lady.  You must have them lining up at University," one geezer with an English accent chimed in from the table.  I didn't care for his lingering look.  
"Actually Daniella's a senior at Mapleton Prep," my dad corrected him.  
"Oh, a wonderful school.  What are your plans for college?"  Asked a woman who I thought owned half of the gold coast’s real estate, contributing to the small talk.
"She's going to the finest culinary school in Paris, just like her old man."  Bill quickly squeezed my shoulder, his silent way of telling me to zip my lip before I could correct his statement.  I used to say that when I was like ten, but nothing could be further from reality now, much like the fake smile I plastered on my face.  
"That's lovely, and is there a boyfriend you'll be traveling to France with?"  The real estate mogul asked dreamily, as if she wished she weren't stuck in a room with these winos, and would rather be sipping cappuccino with a lover at a street café.
"Nope, no boyfriend," I said with the politest smile I could muster.  
"Not yet, but the way she carries on with the Clark boy, I'm sure we'll be hearing wedding bells soon enough," my dad interjected, and my whole body stiffened.  He knew Evan was just a friend, and that was clearly just a ploy to name drop.    
"Clark, as in the Clark Corporation?  Very nice; you just make sure he knows you're worth every penny."  Another suit said with a wink, and a round of laughter erupted.  Did he just call me a hooker?  I was quickly losing my patience for this ill-gotten glimpse into my future.  Bill must have sensed that my restraint to hold my tongue had reached its end, and he started guiding me back to the hall as everyone offered hardy sentiments about their “charming encounter” with me.  I doubt they'd be saying that if I had actually been allowed to speak.  Bill didn't come to a stop until we were well out of earshot of the aged buffoons.  
"Thank you for being the lady I know I raised," he said, facing me.  
"Yeah, I learned a lot about myself tonight, apparently I'm going to Paris, just like Will, and bringing Evan with me, since we'll obviously be engaged soon.  Thanks for the update," I said sarcastically.  
"Well forgive me, Dani.  With all of the nights Evan spends in your room, I assumed there was some potential for a future," he said.  I physically stepped back, putting my hand on my throat from surprise, as if someone just jumped out at me from the dark.  
"You know about that?  Why haven't you ever busted me?''  I asked quietly, thinking if I admitted it softly enough, the blow of its impact wouldn't knock me over.  My dad looked at me thoughtfully and sighed, putting a parental hand on my shoulder.   
"You're almost an adult now, and about to be on your own, and the way you look after Conner, I know you'll be responsible.  I trust you, Dani, and I hope that someday, I can earn it back from you," he said, looking down at the ground during his last words, and I had to clear the emotion from my throat.  I thought he got the wrong idea of what Evan and I did behind closed doors, but it was pointless to correct him, since he would probably never believe our sleepovers were strictly platonic.    
"Thanks, Dad."  I appreciated what he said, but I didn't have the heart to tell him that regaining my trust would probably never happen.  At least, I could throw him a bone with a heartfelt Dad.  He took his hand off my shoulder, taking the moment with, and for the first time in a long time, I felt like we're in a better place.  
"So what can I do?"  I asked, clearing the heavy air.  
"The hostess could use some assistance as soon as the dinner rush hits; but when it’s calm, could you make sure to schmooze the tables?  You know, introduce yourself, make sure they have what they need and are enjoying themselves?"  No explanation was needed.  I'd been doing this on the occasion for years.  Growing up, I watched my mom do the schmoozing, practically turning it into an art form, while Bill ran the kitchen.  Plus, I already had my own personal refresher course after witnessing the pony parade back there at the chef’s table.  I gave him a thumbs up in a "gotcha covered" manner before returning to the front, so he could get back to his new investors.  I now had the feeling that a mission at The Basement was no more than a cakewalk when compared to the longevity this night promised.  


Chapter 16:  Tainted Scenery

Hours later, as the night began to wind down, and the dining room had become mostly quiet, I sadly realized that it just wasn't the same without my mom here.  She really had a way of working the room, with her charming German accent and infectious personality.  I really had to stop by and visit her and Ulla.  It had been over a week since I'd seen either of them.  But regardless of her presence, I learned from the best, and the guests seemed to respond well to me without having to turn on my own form of foreign charm.  I did my due diligence as the front of the house filled, schmoozing the tables, sending over champagne to important clients, checking on Will from time-to-time in the kitchen, and keeping the wine flowing in the back for my dad's newest best friends.  Surprisingly enough, by the end of the night, the family time punishment didn't seem so bad.  In fact, I could've left sooner after the wino fest came to a close, and we put them into cabs, but my dad hinted that he had paperwork to do, so I offered to stay.  
Overall, other than having to listen to my brother’s shower buddy, Leaha, bitch about how hungry she was from her juice cleanse, and how the smell of all the delicious food was torture for her, the friendly diners and conversation were a nice distraction from my wicked week of tightrope-walking hell.  Speaking of wicked, I was taken aback when Missy appeared at the top of the staircase, wearing a sweater that looked like it shrunk three times too small in the dryer.  Conner started to run up to me, but then stopped himself, knowing Dad would yell at him if he caught him running in the restaurant, so I met him halfway.    
I bent down and gave him a hug, "Hey buddy, what are you doing here?   It’s way past your bedtime."  I pulled away to double check the clock, confirming it was half past eleven.  
"After the movie, he decided he wanted to see Daddy one more time before I dropped him at Claudia's for the week," Missy replied in a cutesy voice, patting Conner's back.  Yeah right, my little brother wanted to drive all the way into the city, despite looking like he could barely keep his eyes open.  Conner would hitchhike to my mom's after a week with Missy if it could get him there faster.  This was obviously just a scheme for Missy to see Bill one more time.  He only stayed at the house a few nights a week, but when my mom had Conner, he was practically a ghost, with only the cigarette ash in our driveway from where Fred waited, as an eerie reminder of his transparent presence.  
"Hey, I think Will has some leftover frosting with your name on it," I said, tousling Conner's hair, and he gave me a big jack o’lantern smile of excitement, trying to resist running into the kitchen.  I felt a touch of vengeful satisfaction.  I wished I could be there when Mom and Ulla laid into Missy after she dropped him off in Mapleton past midnight, with him bouncing off the walls from his sugar high.  I successfully avoided Missy all week, and figured a public place was the best time to bring this up, so I didn't snap at her, or snap her neck since both options appealed to me more than they should.  She really brought out the nasty vampire in me.  
"You know, next time you get a message from the school, I'd appreciate it if you'd talk to me about it first before you get Bill all upset, when you don’t even know what happened," I said casually, walking back to the check-in podium, and Missy followed.  
"I don't work for you, Dani, I work for your dad.  So when he asked me to keep him in the loop with the comings and goings of the house, I don't feel the need to run anything by you first," she said snidely, facing me at the podium, her boobs almost spilling out of her top as she leaned in to glare.  She was so lucky this barrier stood between us right now.  Not that I couldn't shatter the wooden box into smithereens and give her the worst splinter of her life if I felt like it, and boy, did I feel like it.  
"Look, it's obvious why you’re here, so why don't you get out of my face and go give my dad the estimate for the new dryer.  And I'm very sorry you had to come all the way down to this nice establishment at the risk of an embarrassing nip slip in front of these patrons of class," I said, gesturing to her scanty, plunging V-neck sweater.  She gasped at the insult, stepping back, and flipping her hair as she walked away, which was very reminiscent of the Harper Huff.  Maybe they were long lost sisters.
A rumble of low laughter came from the bar area, which was strange, since service had slowed, and I had cut the bartender for the night.  I could already smell the rose water as I walked past the artistic, wood-slatted wall that acted as a partition, only to find Alec sitting at one of the cocktail tables.  He had already poured himself a drink.  
"May I help you?"  I said with irritation, putting my hands on my hips, and feeling nothing but impatience at seeing him here.  
"That was a good one," he said, picking up the glass of white wine to take a sip.  
I walked over and grabbed it out of his hands before he could have a drop.  "We don't serve underage teenagers.  You'll have to save the boozing for Dale’s party tomorrow night," I said bitterly, not that the wine even affected him.  I was not happy to get a text from Kate earlier, announcing the whole gang was for sure going to Dale's tomorrow, and Alec's name was included on her roster.  Urgh, it had only been a week, and he had already nestled his way into my little family of friends.  How long before he found his way into this one too?  It was hard enough to keep myself from succumbing to his magnetic pull.  How could I fight it, with him always so near?  I dumped out the wine behind the bar before taking a seat across from Alec at the cocktail table.  
"This is a nice place.  How many restaurants do you have?"  He asked, looking over the décor of the room.  
"Are you really asking, or do you already know?"  The mischievous smile pulling at his cheek confirmed it was just that: friendly chit-chat.  
"Are you going to tell me why you're here, or keep playing coy?"  I asked, while slowly crossing my legs as I leaned into the table, clasping my hands.  His eyes flitted over my bobbing stiletto heel, and I could see he was holding back a smile.  
"I came by to offer you a ride home, but if you like this coy side of me, I won't tell you what I'm really thinking."  He leaned in, and gently clasped his hands over mine, the desire in his eyes a dead giveaway of his thoughts.  I looked down critically at seeing his hands over mine, and pursed my lips before he could consume me with his gaze.  I didn't realize this supposed protection spanned the weekends, and I was already exhausted from the vulnerability he stirred in me every time he looked into my eyes with such impossible human emotion.
"I don't need a ride.  I'm sleeping at Will's," I said, sliding my hands out from under his, "but thanks for stopping by."  I lilted out the words and stood up to go to the kitchen.  I needed to be more confident around Alec.  I was giving him too much control by exposing my nervousness in his presence.  I didn't look back at him, as tempting as it was, even though I could feel the heat of his stare burning into my back.  I wouldn't give him the satisfaction of a lingering look, so I slowly smoothed out my top, sliding my hand all the way down the curve of my hip to my side just to torture him, and I could feel his smile as I walked away.  
"Hey Will, I'm going to cut out.  Mary can finish up the last of the tables," I said, as I pushed through the swinging door of the kitchen wanting to go meet Eli.  I started to laugh when I saw he painted Conner's face with chocolate.  
"Nice stripes, tiger," I said, taking the big wooden spoon from Conner's hand to get a frosty lick, and he roared at me until I gave it back.  
"Are you staying at the townhouse?"  Will asked, confiscating the spoon from Conner, after deciding he had enough. 
I covered Conner’s ears with my hands. "Why?  Are you expecting company?" I asked, tilting my head back to the dining room where Leaha was, and he nodded.
"I'm heading over there a little later, and I'll pay you a thousand dollars if you keep your sexcapades within the confines of your car," I said with a look of disgust, just at the thought of it, before removing my hands from Conner's ears.  He knows I would never pay up, but I thought it was worth a shot.  
"We're going to a club anyway, so you'll probably be asleep by the time we roll in, but if you want to keep your money, those dishes from the poached eggs last week are really starting to stink," he said, scrunching his nose as he recalled the smell, and I rolled my eyes.  I knew he wouldn't bother with the dishes.  Boys are so gross.  
"You know, there is this magical, little, silver box in your kitchen that will take care of that for you.  All you have to do is load them in, and presto!  The kitchen elves sneak in and clean them!"  I explained this as if he were a three-year-old listening to a fairytale.  He only shrugged, as though even that seemed like an unnecessary amount of effort, and suddenly looked a lot more like Will again than he did at the beginning of the evening.  I kissed Conner on top of his head, which was about the only spot on him not covered in chocolate frosting, and waved as I left.  
I headed down the hall to grab my purse from the armoire before I said goodbye to Dad, but my pace was slow and lazy as I searched for my keys.  The black Louboutins were a wise style choice to complete my outfit, but after a night of running around in the dining room, the height of the heels began to wear on me.  It was a good thing my threshold for pain was super-human.  That thought came to a shattering halt as I entered the back room.  
My insides suddenly felt like they were on the outside, as if someone just took a blow torch to my skin.  My eyes caved in on themselves, trying to shield my brain from the image burning into my retinas.  The sight of Missy pressed up against the window, with her leg wrapped around my dad as he kissed her, corrupted the beautiful view.  It was too much for my senses to bear.  They were making out as if they only had ten seconds until the building exploded, and it might have, because I felt like a faulty bomb about to detonate.  
I stumbled back into a painful flashback of my dad with a skank just like Missy, one that sent our family into a downward spiral of despair.  I threw the ring of keys so hard across the room that its metal ends stuck into the window, crackling the glass like a spider web, and only inches from Missy's head.  They both gasped from the frightening interruption, eyeing the pronged weapons so close to their soft skulls.  I was heaving with anger.  It took all my control to deliberately miss her.  My only hope now was that the window would split open, and send Missy plummeting to her death.  My dad saw my fractured reflection in the window and was motionless, too afraid to turn and face the revulsion plastered across my face.  Missy looked between us as she caught her breath, unsure of what to do next.  Dad slowly plucked Missy's gnarly fingers from his shoulders as he bowed his head, turning to face me, but I didn't even give him the chance.  I turned and bolted down the hall, vowing to never step foot in this black hole of horror again.  


Chapter 17:  The Only Solution

I burst through the restaurant door, desperate to escape its haunting memories, and began to run down the street, fleeing the darkness.  I came to the corner of the block and darted my eyes around, frantically searching for a cab before I did something stupid like actually snapping Missy's neck.  But it was mostly deserted down this quiet stretch of road away from the night life, and that's when I saw him.  Alec was leaning against a brick building a few blocks down while talking on his phone, and I realized what I needed to do before I lost it completely.  
"Alec!"  I yelled, trying not to run too fast, but I needed him next to me right now.  His head whipped in my direction, and he snapped his phone shut as he started toward me in a sprint.  We almost slammed into each other when we finally came together, and he grabbed my shoulders, trying to read my terrified expression.
"Dani, what is it?!"  He asked, looking me over, and inspecting my neck to see if I'd been bitten.  Then everything faded into slow motion, and all I could see was his perfect face followed by the deafening crunch when my fist connected with his nose, at maximum strength, dismantling his godlike features.  His head was thrown back from the crushing blow, and a spray of blood stained the sidewalk.  
"Shit!  What the hell was that for?"  His voice sounded unnaturally nasal as the blood clogged up his sinuses, and he slowly returned his eyes to mine, having trouble hiding the shock from my unpleasant surprise.  He grabbed his nose and made a pained, scrunched face as he popped it back into place.  After all the bones of his that I'd broken this week, I could see this one finally made an impact, and wiped the smirk off his face.  I tried to hold back my smile that was exactly what I needed.  
"I had to hit someone, hard," I said through loud, shallow breaths, trying to find my calm with little success.  Alec was my best available option.  If I had done that to anyone else, they'd be dead on impact.  I guess imagining Missy's face as I swung would have to be enough for now.  The anger-fueled adrenaline was coursing through me so fast, I was visibly shaking.  Alec looked me over, confused by my palpable anger and inappropriately smiling face.
"Ever hear of anger management?"  He asked sarcastically.  His eyebrows furrowed into a V as he tried to figure out what was going on.  The blood started to drip down his face as the bone began to heal.  
"Consider that my first session," I said, putting my hands on my knees, trying to calm myself.  
"Lucky me."  Alec grabbed his shirt and used it to wipe the blood from his nose.  With my hands on my knees, I was at the perfect level, and his washboard abs framed my line of sight.  The subtle sculpture of each ripple was so flawless, I had the urge to reach out and run my fingers down their angled slopes.  The fervor of Alec's cleanup abruptly stopped when he noticed my stare, and I instantly straightened back up, trying to pretend that I wasn't distracted.  I slowly backed up until I was leaning against the brick wall, and tilted my head towards the sky.  Alec walked over and leaned next to me, following my eyes to the city lights, now sweeping out the stars.  
"What happened, Dani?"  Alec twisted his head away from the sky just long enough to look at me. 
"Can't talk about it," I said, blowing out a breath.  My mom said that even as an infant, I never cried, and no one but Ulla had ever seen tears flow down my cheeks.  The summer of the divorce when I was turned, I shed enough tears in those months to last a lifetime.  I decided before I flew home and to my new vamp life that I would be strong, and wouldn't let that terrified little girl out ever again.  I haven't cried since.  Now it felt like this was some sort of test.  
I swallowed it down, refusing to give in to the hurt and anger flowing through me.  I swiveled to face Alec leaning on the wall, and in that moment, I didn't care if I wasn't supposed to trust him.  I just needed a hug.  I tilted my weight onto his hard-angled body, relaxing my hands and cheek on his chest.  He wrapped his arms around me, resting his lips on top of my head.  I took some deep breaths, and he matched my rhythm, helping me calm down.
"Maybe I can help make you feel better?"  Alec suggested.  His voice sounded muffled in my hair.  I pressed back from his chest, looking at him, not willing to admit that having his arms around me already had.  
"How?  You don't even know why I'm upset," I said skeptically, but intrigued.  
"I have an idea of what you need.  Come with me and I'll show you."  He pushed off the wall and twirled me under his arm, spinning me out next to him on the sidewalk, with our hands clasped in preparation to walk.  I bit my bottom lip in contemplation, wondering if this was some sort of trick, and slowly pulled my fingers from his.  But my curiosity got the better of me, and I sighed, gesturing for him to lead the way.  
Fifteen minutes later, after we pulled out of the car ramp by the restaurant, I found myself parked with Alec in his black Audi at the corner of Murderville, and Drugtopia.  The street lights were all broken or blinking, and trash covered the street, much of which looked like the remnants of yellow police tape.  I didn't see a soul, but somehow felt sure they were lurking in the darkness of the alleys.
"Parking with you in a dicey neighborhood?  This is what's supposed to make me feel better?  I think you took that hug the wrong way," I said, becoming aggravated, before turning to face him.
"Wait for it," he said, without any further explanation, and I slumped back.   The warmth I felt for him after his comforting embrace had completely fallen away, and if he even tried to reach past the shift column, where we sat divided, I would gladly break his nose for the second time tonight.  We sat there silently for two more minutes, and just as I was about to demand he take me back, my heightened hearing picked up a faint shuffling of multiple footsteps.  I checked my side mirror to find three shadows approaching my door, before hearing a rough tap on Alec's driver side window that made me flinch.  Alec rolled down the window and a gun was instantly pressed to his temple.
"Get outta the car," a rough, husky voice commanded, pushing the gun deeper into Alec's skull, and simultaneously, my door opened, while the co-conspirators pulled me out of the car.  There were three guys on my side, and two on Alec's, and I made out two guns with likely more weapons hidden from sight.  My adrenaline spiked along with all my heightened senses when Alec got slammed on the hood of his car.  The gunman held the pistol to his back, while the other guy started removing his watch.
"Mmm-mm-mmm," one of the perps said behind me, and I heard his hand slice through the air, but caught his arm before his palm could slap my backside.  The thugs instantly whipped their heads in my direction, momentarily immobilized with surprise, when they heard the loud snap of their friend's wrist, followed by his aggravated scream.
Less than ten minutes later, I hopped back in the car, out of breath, and Alec joined me. He turned the car on, before facing me with a knowing smile.  I matched it.
"You're right.  I do feel better," I said, still smiling, and Alec pulled away from the curb, careful not to run over the pile of unconscious bodies holding each other suggestively in the street.  
"Should I drop you at Will's?"  Alec asked as I rode the airwaves with my hand out the window, letting the cool night breeze wash over my face, still flushed with fighting adrenaline.  
"No, I'm sure my dad already told him what happened and he'll spend the rest of the night trying to defend him," I said sadly.
"I'll take you home then."  He pulled onto a side street that led to Escapees Lane and back to Mapleton.  
"No!  Bill's either waiting for me with some pitiful apology prepared, or he's getting it on with that slut right in the middle of our living room, and I'll get to be the lucky one to walk in on it," I said, horrified at the thought of once again scarring my poor brain with those hideous images.
Seriously, why am I always the one in the wrong place at the wrong time?  I had to tell my mom her husband was cheating; I had to witness Missy jamming her tongue down my dad's throat, and I'm the one who got bitten by a vampire!  WHY?!  I shuddered, completely grossed out, feeling the need to turn vamp, just to wash out this gut wrenching sickness in my stomach.  
"It’s the gold-digging nanny, isn't it?"  Alec asked rhetorically, since he obviously already figured it out.  His cheek pulled to one side, showing pity.  
"Yes, thank you!  You saw her for like two seconds, and it was obvious, so why can't Bill see it?  I mean she's only twenty-five, for God’s sake.  I thought he was done being a dumbass after the divorce, and now I might be stuck with Missy Bitchy for my wicked stepmother.  Come on!"  I said, throwing my hands up in frustration.  
"Maybe it won't work out," Alec offered, trying to help.  
"If my life is any indication, I don't see the scales tipping in my favor," I said, deflated, resting my head back on the seat.  It was hard to focus on the big picture, like knowing that I might be dead soon, when even my human existence has become nothing but a painstaking, frustrating drama of ridiculous crap.  Just kill me now.  I took deep breaths in an attempt to blow away this entire night.
"You'll stay with me tonight," Alec said with finality, and I snapped my eyes open, straightening in my seat.  
"What?  No way," I protested.  He couldn't actually think I wouldn’t object.  
"You don't want to go home, you don't want to go to Will's, and your friends will ask too many questions you don't want to answer if you call anyone to sleep over at one o'clock in the morning.  The Patterson house has seven bedrooms, and you’re welcome to any one of them." Alec looked at me sincerely, and I visibly swallowed, knowing this was a bad idea.  
"But…  " I couldn't get the words out, since I didn't have an alternative argument.  
"But what?  I know you don't trust me, Dani, but if you think I couldn't get to you just as easily from your own bedroom three blocks away as I could from the next bedroom over, than you're not as smart as I thought.  So, if you really want to avoid your dad tonight, it's your best option."  He raised his eyebrows at the blatancy of his statement, and he was right.  Besides, I hated to admit it, but the idea of spending the night with Alec was much less scary than the fear of Bill and Missy gettin' it on in the next room while I slept.  I got out my phone and texted Will that, if anyone asked, I stayed at his place, before closing my eyes and ceasing my protests all the way back to Mapleton.  


Chapter 18:  Stirred

When we finally pulled up to the Patterson house, it was difficult to make out all the exquisite details of its Victorian age in the dim light.  Even with my night vision, it sat so far back from the street, the lamps couldn't reach its frame.  In the daytime, it stands regal and proud with its beautifully maintained grounds, and flower boxes always freshly stocked.  But as I followed Alec up the steps of the expansive wooden porch that wraps around its front, the boards creaked beneath my feet, and in the quiet of the late night, it felt as though I was walking into a haunted house.  It somehow seemed like a bad omen that I actually agreed to spend the night here.  
Then Alec pulled out a small skeleton key to open the door, like contributory evidence that I was walking into a big mistake.  Maybe I just should have stayed with Evan.  If I told him I didn't want to talk about my troubles, he'd let it go.  However, as I was thinking about changing my plans, my legs carried my body over the threshold, of their own accord, and onto Alec's turf.  He turned on the entry light, but kept it to a low dim, so we could both adjust our night vision more gradually.  I continued to follow Alec up the large, spindle-railed staircase, until we reached the top where we turned right, down the open catwalk and to a hall of doors.  He stopped at the nearest one and opened it. 
"This room has a bathroom too, if you’d like to shower before bed, and I promise, no peeking," he said with a wink, and I slapped his arm.  
"I'll grab you a pair of shorts to wear for sleeping."  He opened the door across from my room, and I assumed that was where he slept.  I hesitated in the hall, first cautiously peering into the room he offered to make sure I wasn’t walking into an ambush.  I allowed all of my senses to take a full sweep of the space, but didn't get any warning that a gang of vampires was waiting to attack.  Alec reappeared next to me and handed me a pair of royal blue athletic shorts with a white stripe down the sides.    
"I don't need these," I said, pushing them back.  
"That skirt's about to fall off, but if you'd rather wear next to nothing to bed, I won't object.  In fact, that sounds kinda hot.  I changed my mind; you can't borrow these," he said with a smirk, and started to walk back into his room to shelve the shorts.  I yanked the collar of his shirt to stop him, and grabbed the shorts before he got any further.  He spun back, wrapping his arms around my waist, and giving me a devastating smile.  
"I'll be downstairs for a while if you need anything, but if I don't see you, I hope you have a nice, relaxing sleep," he said, stepping back.  He lifted up my hand and pecked a feather-light kiss on the top.   
A lump formed in my throat.  "Thanks for this," I croaked out, and he looked at me through his downcast lashes still bowed into my hand, grazing it softly once more with his lips before letting go.  I turned to the open entry, watching him walk down the stairs and out of view, suddenly feeling out of breath.  
I looked down at my hand where his lips kissed the surface, and I could still feel the tingle of heat left on my skin.  What was it about Alec that felt so hot, when I should be feeling nothing but ice cold?  I sighed out any thoughts of what it might mean, tired of trying to figure out what was going on anymore.  
I was finally a senior, so close to being free, and making my own decisions about my future, and what would become of my life.  Now, I felt like I didn't have any control over what happened next, and the frustration of that reality made my head hurt.  
I walked into the guest room and threw my purse on the floral comforter of the four-poster bed.  I dug around in it to retrieve my cell to text Eli that I couldn't come over to his apartment tonight.  I felt bad that Eli was stuck with researching alone, especially when it was to help me, but with Alec's uncanny ability to be everywhere at once, I didn't think it was a good idea for me to go to his place.  I wished I could be a shadow like him, but that was a ridiculous notion now, since apparently, I was an open book.  The idea that I could get away with messing with Stella, the 7th Circle, and their powerful vampire world was a joke, and it was on me.  
After texting Eli, I tossed my purse onto the chair by the bed and plucked off my heels, almost groaning with relief from the dull throb.  Between the restaurant shift, running down the hard sidewalk, and kicking some thug butt, the cool wooden floor under my soles was like a little ice pack of happy.  I walked into the bathroom and clicked on the light, seeing that even in here, they managed to stay true to the style of the historical home with ornate wall sconces, vintage tile, and a carved wooden vanity with a sunken wash basin.  I was delighted to see the big shower, anxious to wash the grime of the night off my skin.  When I looked in the mirror, I flushed, realizing how much thigh I'd been showing to Alec.  He was right, the fitted pencil skirt I was wearing had ripped up the side when I kicked a gun out of the carjacker’s hand, and the slit went so high, it offered a glimpse of my underwear.  I stripped down, and tied my long hair into its own knot so I wouldn't get it wet before hopping in the shower to rinse off.  
The hot water did wonders to relax the tension in my muscles, and I loved the soothing lavender smell of the soap.  Closing my eyes, I almost felt transported to a spa.  I thought I heard something as I scrubbed the makeup off my face, and I quickly cleaned off the soapy residue before grabbing a towel to wrap around me.  Alec said no peeking, but he could just as easily lie about that as everything else.  
I opened the door just a sliver with my towel tightly secured to check it out, but the room was empty, and nothing looked out of place.  Upon opening the bathroom door, the lavender scent faded behind me, and I was instantly struck by the smell of tropical fruit and the salty sea drifting up into the bedroom.  
I heard a faint clanging downstairs and realized Alec was cooking.  My stomach growled at the thought since I was too busy to eat dinner at the restaurant.  Now that all the adrenaline had worn off, I was free to address my ravenous hunger. 
I closed the bathroom door and tried to piece together a presentable outfit, but I didn't want to put on my ripped and stained clothes.  Instead, I settled for the cropped camisole that I wore under my top and the pair of shorts Alec lent me.  The camisole hit just above my belly button and in order to keep the men's stretchy athletic shorts from falling off, I had to roll the waistband three times so they'd stay on my hips.  Between the short tank and low-rise shorts, my entire bare midriff was exposed, including the signature mark of a vampire just inside my hip.  I scrunched up my face as I scrutinized the ten-pointed star in the mirror.  For the most part, I kept it covered, and the few times my friends saw it while hanging in a swim suit at the beach, they just assumed I got an illegal tattoo and had it inked where my parents wouldn't notice.  But for some reason, walking downstairs now and having Alec see my mark, knowing exactly what it meant, made me nervous. 
I spent so much time hiding who I was from the people closest to me, that it felt strange to suddenly have someone in my daily human life who knew so much about me.  It made me feel so raw and exposed.  I think that was the reason I was having so much trouble being cool and collected with Alec.  I wasn't used to having my secrets out in the open, and he spoke of them so freely, it was totally throwing me off my game.  I squared my shoulders and pressed my palm into my mark, almost feeling the power radiating from its black ink as I watched my eyes glow with amethyst light.  It was as if I were Trancing myself to be strong.  I gave myself a reassuring nod before I let the glow from my eyes fade, and shook out my hair from the knot, eager to seek out the delectable, aromatic cuisine.  
As I walked down the stairs, following the delicious smell, I noticed the steam from the shower had turned my fallen waves back into loopy iron curls, and I spun a tendril around my finger absentmindedly as the kitchen came into view.  Alec's back was to me as he hovered over the stove.  I could see he changed out of his bloodied t-shirt into a clean one, and I wondered if he showered too.  He turned his head over his shoulder to acknowledge my presence, doing a double-take when he saw me.  His eyes locked onto mine, and he dropped the spatula that he was holding on the ground.  
"What?  Why are you looking at me like that?"  I asked, releasing the curl from my finger.  I stood in the doorway awkwardly, suddenly wondering if my company was unwanted.  Alec cleared his throat and blinked several times before grabbing another spatula out of the drawer next to the stove.  
"No, it’s nothing.  You just look so beautiful," he said almost shyly, and I looked over my outfit in disbelief.  
"They’re your shorts," I pointed out, not getting it.  He'd seen me much more put together than this.  
"Yes, and seeing you in them is a beautiful thing," he said, recovering from his moment of shyness, and sounding much more like the Alec I'd come to know.  I rolled my eyes.  He turned his attention back to the stove, and I took a seat at the large, antique-white island, right behind him.  
"It's not every day you see a vampire cook," I commented, finding it peculiar, and I wondered if, like me, he could sustain himself on normal human food because of his strange Gifts.  When I turn vamp, I can still appreciate the smells, textures, and tastes of regular food, but somehow, it doesn't give me the satisfaction of real sustenance.  Only blood can do that, which is all vamps crave.  That’s another reason I prefer eating in my human state, where a steak is much more satisfying than sipping on a live cow.  
"It's been a long night.  I thought you might be hungry, and I like to eat when I…  drink.  It makes for a more fulfilling mealtime," he explained, and a hot flash of steam rose up from one of the pans.  I looked at our surroundings now, anxious that some Tranced blood whore might be waiting in the wings to be summoned.  I should have thought through what Alec considered food in the ‘burbs.  
"And what will you be drinking this evening?"  I asked nervously.
"There's some Red Champagne chilling in the fridge.  You're welcome to help yourself," Alec said, pulling two plates from the cupboard after turning off the stove.  He seemed distracted by his task.  
I've never tried Red Champagne out of my vamp state, and I actually didn't even know how my body would respond to it.  Wasn't that like feeding a chicken, ground chicken?  Something about it was so morbidly gross.  Alec was busy plating, and I hesitantly walked over to the fridge, now curious.  When I opened it, the whole middle shelf was stuffed with wine bottles, and I immediately closed the fridge door, feeling like I stumbled into the back room of a butcher shop.  Alec laughed at my reaction.  
"It must be tough to live life as a walking contradiction," he said, smiling, and I actually thought that was a good way of putting it.  
"It's a constant battle," I admitted, sagging my shoulders in a sigh, and he picked up the two plates with a towel slung over his forearm, as if he were a trained waiter, before exiting the kitchen to set them in the dining room.  I followed him there, and saw him putting the food down at two already made up spots, arranged right next to each other at this table for ten.  
"Am I that predictable?"  I asked, shaking my head.  
"After seeing you come down here in that," he said, flitting his eyes over my makeshift pajamas, "I'd have to say you are absolutely unpredictable."  He smiled, gesturing for me to take a seat, and returned to the kitchen to get himself some food that would actually satisfy him.  I looked down at my outfit and held my arm across my bare stomach, suddenly feeling self-conscious.  This was pretty much a version of what anyone might wear to bed, so I didn't see what the big deal was.  Blood whores at The Basement showed much more skin than this, but I wondered if I was somehow making him uncomfortable.
Alec walked past me, still standing at the dining room entrance, and holding my arm over my stomach.  He set two bottles of Red Champagne down, along with two wine glasses, before turning to me.  
He tugged my hand away from my waist, lacing our fingers, as if it were a travesty that I concealed it.  "Don't cover that up.  It's the best part of your outfit," he said, pulling out my chair while guiding me by the hand.  
"The naked part?"  I asked, taking a seat.  
"Precisely."  His voice sounded borderline naughty as he dipped down to my ear, scooching in my chair, and I reflexively tilted my chin into my shoulder to breathe him in.  I could smell the fresh soap on his showered skin as he took the seat next to me.  I guess that answered both questions, and if it were up to Alec, he'd prefer I eat our meal in the buff.  If only his thoughts could be as clean as his zesty, fresh skin.  
I turned my attention to the delicious plate before me, rotating the white porcelain circle with blue-flowered trim to inspect its contents.  As I turned it, I sensed the hint of tropical sweetness.  The perfectly seared scallops smelled as fresh as the ocean, just like Alec.  
"I can't remember the last time someone cooked for me.  What are we having?  It smells incredible," I said, holding my hair back to dip down closer and take in the aroma.
"Herb seared scallops, over a sweet corn and mango salsa with just a hint of red chilies and crispy scallions for texture," Alec explained, and I twisted my head to look at him, wide-eyed.  
"Were you a chef in another life, Alec?"  I asked, smiling, completely dumbfounded by the idea that a vampire would be so creative and thoughtful with human food when cooking in the kitchen.  
"I waited tables after school once upon a time, and I picked a few things up," he said casually, as if it were nothing, before taking his fork to dig in.
"Where?"  I asked, preparing for my first bite with all the components together.  
"In Cali," he said, following my lead.  The moment the food hit my tongue, I actually had to close my eyes, it was so mouthwatering, and I involuntarily made a soft “yum” sound.  My palette was taken with the perfect balance of sweet, salty, spicy, but not too bitter, all at once, and it felt like I just dove into the refreshing sea.  This was just as delicious, if not better than the finest meals I've ever had in restaurants.  I opened my eyes again, when I realized they were still closed, and saw that Alec was smiling from ear-to-ear at my reaction.  
"Wow, that is… you should open a restaurant.  You've never had any training?"  I asked, still in disbelief, taking another bite.  He shook his head.
"I always thought I might… " Alec's words trailed in a far off way, like that path in life was a distant dream, and he was unable to finish the thought because it was too painful.  Probably something he thought about as a human before he was turned, and I could relate to his sentiment, although at least, I could age and remain near those I love.  What would it be like to be a vampire with human emotion, and watch your whole family slowly die off around you?  Could you even bear to stay?  Was it fair to them?  It didn't matter, because it was forbidden, but I thought Alec could be the first vampire who cared.  
Again, there was something brewing in his eyes that made me want to believe he was telling the truth about his human-hearted Gifts.  If Alec had the same culinary assignment as Evan and was asked to create a dish that represented him, this would be it.  A balance of sweet, salty, spicy, but not too bitter, that tasted like you just leapt into the ocean.  You wouldn't think the intriguing combination would work together, but somehow, it had a remarkable harmony, as if the mixture was the miracle of nature at work.  
"Alec…  " I said in amazement, watching his far off expression.  
"Yes?"  He said, his voice sounding thick as he blinked back to the present, and looked at me.  I set my fork down and faced him in my chair.  
"You're telling the truth, aren't you?"  I asked, already knowing the answer, as if my heart accepted this days ago and my head had finally caught up.  I was now ready, willing to listen to his answer.  I could see it, and understand it even, when looking into his eyes.  
He faced me in his chair.  Taking up my hands from my lap, he clasped them gently in his, and my stomach did a soft roll of pleasure from his touch.  He swallowed like he was nervous, and the arrogance was stripped from his face with nothing but raw venerability behind it, as if that was how he hid it from me all along.  His full lips parted, then closed again, as he struggled for the right words, his jawline flexing at the muscles with stress.  I squeezed his hands, urging him to say it, suddenly desperate to know what he was thinking.  
"Daniella, even before I met you I knew you'd be extraordinary, but nothing could have prepared me for this.  And now, finally seeing you again, being here with you, trying to make you laugh in hopes of seeing your smile, there's…  a connection I can't deny, and it pulls me in deeper every time I look at you.  It's like I knew you in another life, like I've touched this cheek a thousand times before, and I respond to it before my brain can stop me," he said softly, putting his palm to my cheek, and I dipped into the touch, inadvertently agreeing with his words.  
Everything he said was exactly what I'd been struggling with since the moment he walked into my life.  He found my eyes, and his golden ringed irises blazed with such beaming fire, the sun could revel in their light.  It felt as though, with every touch we shared, his human side churned like an inferno from within.  It was no wonder his skin felt so warm against mine.
"I'm telling you the truth about my Gifts, Dani.  The feelings you stir in me have nothing to do with blood.  I ache for you in a way that I've never experienced, that I never even knew possible, and I'll always protect you, not just because of who you are anymore, but because of who you've become to me…" he dipped his head, afraid to meet my eyes as he continued, “the only girl I've ever cared about."  He dropped his hand from my cheek, and I was so stunned, I forgot how to breathe.  
My chest swelled, my lungs burned, begging me to take in the air around me, and all I could manage was a shallow staccato rhythm, terrified that if I moved, the moment would become real because it finally sunk in that this wasn't a game.  Every moment we shared, all the smiles, lingering looks, the twirls, and woven hands, I had convinced myself were all part of our tango, that it was just one innocent dance.  I was naive, naive to think I hadn't fallen in deeper with every step.  Alec raked his hands through his hair, his head still dipped to the ground, and tension built within him as if his confession complicated everything.  How could things get more complicated than this?  
He slowly raised his head, and when his eyes met mine, it was as though all my senses got turned off at once.  I couldn't see anything, I couldn't hear a word if he was speaking.  Nothing else existed in the room, except the feeling of my heart, pounding so hard against my chest, you'd think it was trying to reach out and touch him.  
"Dani?"  Alec’s voice sounded alarmed, hearing my rapid heartbeat about to explode from the inside out, and he grabbed my shoulders, trying to bring my focus back, as my blurry vision cleared on his face.  We both stared at each other.  Even his chest was heaving in response to my pounding beat.  
"I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to freak you out," Alec said, looking over my face to make sure the blood returned to my head.  It wasn't his words that freaked me out, but the fact that I agreed with them, and the undeniable… connection.  My whole body buzzed with electrified butterflies, fluttering around in my stomach, trying to find their way out.  Alec swallowed nervously, unsure of my silence.  
"Alec…  I can't."  The words choked out of my throat, like heavy stones scraping against my esophagus, refusing to come free.  How could it be that this vampire, whom I'd only known a week was the first one who ever made those words feel like agony?  
"I know, Dani.  I wasn't asking you to."  Alec moved his hands to cup my face, and tipped my forehead just enough so I could sense the heat coming off his lips, before pulling back.  I swallowed down the emotion in my throat.  My heart rate was making me dizzy.  He held my face for a moment longer, giving me the tiniest hint of an adoring smile before dropping his warm palms from my cheeks.  But I didn't let them fall, I held them against me, not wanting our moment to end just yet.  I smiled at his smile, thinking I'd never seen anything so illuminant, and his steel blue eyes searched my own, as he tried to extract my thoughts from their purple wells.  
"I should go to bed."  My words came out parched and rough, my throat felt so dry.  Alec nodded in response, and I slowly got up, backing away from the table, still staring at him.  
"You’re delicious.  I mean your food is delicious.  Thank you for making it," I said, stumbling and awkward.  His cheek tugged up slightly at my slip-up, and he nodded once again, remaining silent.  
I made it to the spindled staircase, holding onto the railing for dear life, begging my heart rate to slow, and my mind to think of anything else but Alec, and his flawless, curved mouth.  I reached the open catwalk at the top of the stairs, and abruptly stopped, turning slowly to look down at the entry hall.  Alec was standing there under the waterfall chandelier dripping with crystals, and the dimmed candle lights reflected rainbows off his sun-kissed skin.  He looked as if he was nervous I'd actually leave after what he said, and was checking to make sure I hadn't.  I suddenly felt like Juliet looking at him down below from my balcony, standing under that vintage chandelier, in this beautiful historic home.  
"Goodnight, Alec," I whispered, leaning ever so slightly over the railing, and he leapt into the air, stepping off the wall midway up to angle himself, and landing over the railing to stand beside me.  His scaling move jingled the crystals in the chandelier, and their soft glow twinkled like stars as they bounced off our surroundings.  I faced Alec next to me, and he picked up my hand, brushing his thumb over the top.  
"Sweet dreams," he said barely audibly, before letting go of my hand.  
He began walking to his room, and I followed him, walking to mine.  We both turned our separate handles simultaneously, the metal grinding against the old gears, but before I opened my door, I couldn't help but look over my shoulder one last time, only to meet Alec's eyes, doing the same.  I gasped when I felt as though his blazing glow was lighting up my senses, and my stomach dipped into the field of a thousand butterflies, my skin humming in response.  I spun to face him, reaching out, with the unrelinquished need to ease the ache I felt too.  His passionate lips found mine in one explosive kiss, and his hands coiled in my messy curls as I wrapped my arms around him, pulling in closer, needing him closer.  We melted into each other, over each other, onto each other, as the electricity of our combined heat made me wobbly.  
I let out a soft moan into his lips, the ache fluttering in my stomach as if he was still not close enough, and Alec responded.  Picking me up by my thighs, he wrapped my legs around his waist, pressing me against him.  I tangled my fingers in his hair, as our mouths discovered the sweet softness of each other, and he kicked open the door behind me, while still holding me close.  My hair whipped across my face when I suddenly flew through the air, only to land on the soft quilt of the four-poster bed.  I sat up with a gasp escaping my throat, stunned by the abrupt separation of our lips.  I looked at Alec's smoldering eyes, heating up the room as he stood in the frame of the broken door.  
He slowly walked toward me, and the glow from the hall glinted off his honey-colored hair that was swept up in a mess of passion, making it look like a halo framing his impeccable features.  My heart pounded with approval as he approached, not at all fond of our distance, and I couldn't believe any being could look as sexy as he did right now.  He stopped when his legs brushed my knees, standing over me, and looked down with hooded eyes, painting his thumb tenderly across my mouth.  I knew the ache wouldn't relent until his lips found mine, and he must have felt the same, because he dipped down, kissing me deeply, as if he couldn't stand for us to be apart another second.  I arched my back to get closer, and he held his sprawling palm between my shoulder blades to support me.  
He slowly laid down, sinking us further into the soft bed, and I twisted my fingers in his shirt, pulling him over me.  His sultry, molten lips had hooked me, the dizzying effects more wonderfully fuzzy than any toxin a vampire's bite could ever provide.  I knew in that moment I was addicted, that I'd stay up all day and night, and borrow, beg, and steal for just one more taste.  Like any addict, that could only mean one thing… I was in serious trouble.  


Chapter 19:  Our Situation

My eyes felt heavy, refusing to open, even though my brain was alert.  The light in the room was getting brighter, as the sun tried to sneak through the closed blinds.  I was lying on my back with Alec's arm tucked under my head for a pillow, and I could feel the soft fabric of his t-shirt against my side, snuggling me like a blanket.  He was slowly tracing his index finger over the lines of my ten-pointed star, waiting patiently for me to wake up.  My eyes slowly fluttered open, and I tilted my head to look at him.  
He kissed my cheek tenderly.  "Good morning," he said quietly, his mouth still pressed to my cheek, before giving it another kiss.  We couldn't have slept more than an hour or two last night, opting instead to spend the majority of the dawn in a heated lip-lock, an option I'd take a million times over.  Who needed sleep?  I rolled into him, nestling deeper into his chest.  I slipped my hand underneath his shirt, hugging him closer.
"I hope you weren't too uncomfortable," I said, feeling his belt buckle against my stomach, as he glided his hand down my arm.  
"I'd wear six parkas if it meant I could sleep next to you," he said, kissing the top of my head, and I smiled.  Although it was the longest make out session of my life, we kept it at that.  He didn't pressure me in any way, which somehow made me want him more.  I guess he really was a gentleman, like Kate thought; that and he was so damn yummy, I couldn't stand it.  
"You could've at least taken your belt off," I teased, pulling away to look at him.
"I told you, Dani, just say the word," he joked, referring to when I challenged his equipment in the dugout, and I smacked his chest.   
"I'll take that as another maybe," he smiled, dipping in for a light kiss, and my stomach did a little spin at the realization that it wasn't a joke to me anymore.  That "maybe" could one day turn into more.  I had never been this close to someone, to even think of the "maybe."  It all felt like uncharted territory.  I had always kept men at bay, a safe distance away from my heart, and now, even crossing the Pacific with Alec suddenly didn't seem so scary.  It was nice to let someone in for a change.  I didn't realize how much I was missing by only walking in the beach surf.  
"Would you like some breakfast?"  Alec asked, starting to sit up.
"I'd like some sleep," I pulled him back down, retaking his arm as my pillow.  
"Dani, I'll sleep up here all day with you, but I need to eat something first," Alec said with a coarseness in his voice, and I recognized the bloodlust dripping in his words.  
I instantly sat upright.  "That's right, you didn't even get to eat last night."   
It was so easy to treat him like a regular human, because he was a regular human in my eyes, you know, with the exception of a beating heart, untraditional appetite, and super Gifts.  Still, it was easy to forget that the seared scallops did nothing to stave off his hunger.  I climbed over him and hopped out of the bed, holding out my hand, and he stood up, lacing our fingers.  
"You don't have to get up with me, Dani.  Go back to sleep," he said, but I ignored that, and pulled him along with me down the stairs.  
"It's my turn to cook for you," I said, as we entered the kitchen.  I sat him down at the island to inspect the fridge.  Now knowing what lies behind the door, I didn't flinch like last time, and looked over the bottles as if they bore different labels, but of course, they didn’t.  The dark green bottles all looked the same except half had red corks, the other half yellow.  I pulled one of each out and set them in front of him before searching the cupboards for a glass.  I handed it over and went back to my task of making a real breakfast to go with his drink.
"Do you want to try it?"  Alec offered, pulling out the yellow cork, and I looked at him, scrunching my nose.
"Not particularly," I said, trying not to be offensive.  It wasn’t like he could help it.  At least he didn't have a blood whore locked up in back.  That thought made my breath stop, and I swallowed hard at the implication.  I knew nothing about what Alec did when I wasn't around.
"What's wrong?"  He asked.  My upset expression was hard to hide.
"I never saw you at The Basement," I said, hedging into my question.  
"That's because I don't go to The Basement unless I have to," Alec said, taking a sip.
"Am I safe to assume than that you don't partake in their… activities?"  I asked innocently, unable to look at him when he answered.  He knew what I was getting at.  Did he usually drain living, breathing humans until his toxin killed them?  
"Of course not.  This Red Champagne is venison.  I only drink the red corked stuff if I need my full strength, and even that is stolen from hospital blood banks," he said, almost offended, and I bit my lip, feeling guilty for even thinking otherwise.  I walked over to him and put my arm on his shoulder.
"You are just full of pleasant surprises."  I smiled, looking down at his glass.  
"I was going to tell you last night about the more organic options that those like me have developed, but to my pleasant surprise, we got sidetracked," he said, wagging his eyebrows, and I laughed.  
I took the glass from his hand and peered in.  "Just deer, right?"  I asked, needing the reassurance.
"Just deer," he said, putting up his hand in a scout’s honor.  I brought the glass to my lips and took the smallest bubbly sip.  The carbonation hit my tongue, and after that all I could make out was rusty iron, mixed with grass and dry leaves.  I swallowed it down with a loud gulp, handing the glass back to him.  I'd try again another time, when I'm vamp and can appreciate it.  
"I think I'll stick with French toast," I said, and he laughed, kissing my forehead before I stepped away to scrounge up the ingredients.  After last night's dinner, I had a feeling his kitchen would be much better stocked than Will's.  
*****
"Um, do you think you could give me a ride home?  I know it's only a few blocks, but I don't want the neighbors to get the wrong impression of me," I said to Alec's back as he finished loading the dishwasher.  I guess not all boys are as gross as my brother.  He turned to face me and started to shake, trying to hold back his laughter.  My battered, dirty clothes were tucked under my arm, and I was standing there in my cropped tank top, Alec's gym shorts, and five-inch black stilettos.  
"You look nice.  I bet Missy will want to borrow that outfit and you two can finally bond by sharing clothes and braiding each other's hair," he said sarcastically through his laughter.  I shook my head, so not funny yet, and gave him a good dose of Eli's latest trademark gesture.  In the darkness of the night, this outfit was fine pajama gear, but there was no way I was walking down the street, even three blocks in these high heels, wearing not much more than a swimsuit and tousled bedhead.  I tilted my head and pursed my lips at him.  He walked over and picked me up like his bride.  
"All right, I'll take you home.  I wouldn't want anyone thinking you were on the market anyhow," he said, giving me a quick kiss.  My stomach instantly clenched, thinking about all my friends hanging out with us at the party tonight, particularly Evan.  I had dates once in a while, and went to school dances with an escort, but nothing you would call a boyfriend, nothing like how Alec and I were with each other.  I didn't know how Evan would respond, despite how close we were, but I had a pretty good idea.  Evan was so protective of me, there was no way he would react well if Alec and I were suddenly snuggling by the bonfire.  Hmm, I just said Alec and I.  I tried to shrug off my worry about how people might react to us.  I had enough life and death worries as it was.  Besides, it wasn’t like Evan hadn't had his fair share of girlfriends.  What was the difference?  
Alec carried me all the way down to the car and set me in the passenger seat before hopping in.  "Just stop here," I instructed a minute later when we were a few houses down from mine.  If Missy were home, I didn't need her tattling to Bill that an unknown male dropped me off at the house.  Alec pulled to the curb and faced me in his seat, running his fingers through my hair before taking my hand.  
"Do you trust me, Dani?"  He asked, with some hesitation in his voice, as if even after last night, I still might not be convinced.  There was a pinch in his eyes I couldn't place, but it made me instantly nervous.  
"Yes," I said quietly, believing without a doubt in his human Gifts, and that he came here to protect me, although I was still not sure how.  He leaned in, giving me a tender, but deeply passionate kiss, and hooking me all over again.  I was breathless as he started to pull away.  It was all I could do not to jump him right back in this car.  Before I got carried away, I slung my purse over my shoulder, gathering my dirty clothes and shoes and opening the door.
"See you tonight," I said with a smile.  He returned the smile, but again, it didn't reach his eyes, and I quickly jumped out, running to my house through the neighbors’ yards before I could overanalyze it.  
I was relieved that the front door was open, because I realized my keys were probably still stuck like ninja throwing stars in the window at the restaurant.  As soon as I came through the front door, I cursed under my breath.  Bill and Missy were sitting in the formal living room, obviously waiting for me.  
Bill immediately shot to his feet.  "There you are.  I was getting worried," he said with relief, as I started toward the stairs, ignoring him.  
"Young lady, don't you dare walk away from me!  Now I gave you last night to cool off at Will's, but we are going to talk about this," Bill said, following me to the stairs, and I felt a little relief that Will had still covered for me without question.  I slowly turned, halfway up the staircase, to glare at him down below, and being careful to cover my vampire tattoo with my shoes.  The last thing I needed was another fight over inking myself behind his back, not that I had a choice, or that he didn't do plenty of deceitful things behind my back too.  
"Can I at least change first?"  I asked through my teeth, the unwelcome memories of last night flooding my brain all over again, and polluting my amazing morning with Alec.  Bill sighed heavily, gesturing for me to continue up the stairs.  
"You have five minutes," he called after me, and I slammed my bedroom door shut, wishing I could lock myself in for the rest of the day.    
"Get down here now!"  My dad yelled up the stairs, after I lingered in my room for seven and a half minutes past his five minute deadline.  I let out a huff, sitting up on my bed.  I didn't want to deal with Bill and the slut right now.  I was preoccupied with how Eli would react to my change of heart with Alec.  If Evan was the battle, Eli was definitely the war, and knowing what he did, he had plenty of weapons to fire my way.  I plodded downstairs, slumping into a chair by the fireplace, while refusing to look at either one of them.  
"All right then.  Obviously, you know now that Missy and I have been seeing each other," Bill said calmly.  
"Is that what you call it?"  I said under my breath.  
"Dani, please don't make this harder than it already is," Bill said, the stress evident in his voice.  I sat up in my seat and looked at him in disbelief.  
"Why would you think I would give you any other option?  I thought we finally had a good moment last night, and you totally ruined it!"  I said, the hurt showing in my eyes, as Bill’s dropped to the floor and he swallowed down his shame.
"I understand the circumstances weren't ideal, but I can't change what happened.  Missy and I are seeing each other and plan to continue our relationship," Bill said with a nod, like he'd already forgiven himself.  Relationship?  What did he want?  My permission to ram his tongue down the hot nanny's throat?   God, he was such a walking cliché, I could vomit.  
"What about Conner?  She is supposedly here to take care of him, not you," I said, crossing my arms.  
"Conner's always my first priority," Missy chimed in, and I swiftly put my hand up, blocking her face from view.  She must have balls as big as her boobs if she thought she was getting in on this conversation without her life coming to an end.  
"I went to your mother's this morning to tell Conner about the change in our situation," Bill explained.  
"Ha! What did Mom say about your situation?"  I asked, actually wanting to hear the answer.  
"She was less than thrilled, but it's my life and she wants me to be happy, just like I want for her," Bill said, obviously sugar coating it.  Man, I wish I could have been there, especially after Missy dropped Conner off so late, all hopped up on sugar, just the night before.  She was probably cranky and exhausted, and laid into him really good.  You haven't been cursed at ‘til you've been cursed at in German.  
"I know this is an especially difficult situation for you, so Missy and I have come up with a compromise I think you'll find fair," Bill said, and I sighed, completely doubting it.  
"What?"  
"Missy has agreed to stay in one of my vacant apartments in the city when Conner's not here.  That way, the two of you can have your space," Bill propositioned, and I actually liked the sound of it.  
"You're never home anyway, why don't you just let him stay with Mom?"  I suggested.  Maybe I could rid Missy from the house altogether.
"Because he's my son too!  I'm your father, Daniella, not just the bank roll for this family!"  He yelled.  I had obviously struck some sort of post-divorce nerve.  I slumped back in my seat, disappointed in my failed plan.  
"Now, I realize you only stay here because it's so much closer to school and your friends, but don't forget who put this roof over your head, you got that?!"  Bill's calm was lost for good, and I nodded.  Really, I stayed here because my mom is home every night and would be much better about keeping tabs on me than Bill.  I stayed here because I could pretty much come and go as I pleased, and with Missy out of the way every other week, my dad and I could finally agree on something.  The less time we spent together, the better.  
"When does this new arrangement start?"  I asked, hoping it was right after this conversation is over.  
"Not so fast.  I know I let the Clark boy thing slide, but I'm not just going to leave you two alone at the house all week."  He said, and I scrunched my face.  He totally thinks Evan and I are doing it.
"What does that mean?"  I asked with trepidation.  If he got me a nanny, I'd lose it.  
"Ulla has agreed to come over and check on you at the house, even staying a few nights a week while Missy's in the city.  I told her about Evan's visits too, so you be respectful to your grandma," Bill explained, and I nodded in a silent agreement.  
Fine by me.  I tell my grandma everything.  I love having her around.  She already knows about Evan and my sleepovers, so Bill wasn't exactly giving her a shocking blow.  I’d rather have her here looking out for me than some other twenty-something bimbo my dad hired.  This actually could be nice, because Ulla would let me walk around the house being my whole self for a change.  It was such a luxury to have that with Alec last night.  
"Sounds fair, can I go now?"  I asked, standing up to leave.  
"Yes.  And I am sorry, Dani."  
I walked away, giving Bill a sarcastic thumbs up, like I could give a crap about his empty apology.  If he could invent a probe that would erase the horrible images from my brain, then we could talk.  I wished I could Trance myself into forgetting it all.  I so didn't need this right now.  Maybe if I told my dad the truth, that I was a half-vamp who, if left to her own devices might break her biggest rule and drain his new gold-digging girlfriend just for the fun of it, he'd leave me alone, and move Missy out for good. 


Chapter 20:  Bad Boys

"Girls, I made you some snacks," Kate's mom came into her room with a plate of cookies in one hand, and veggies and dip in the other.  
"Thanks, Mrs. Harring," I said automatically as she set them down on the dresser.  Kate called earlier and asked me to come over to get ready for Dale's party at her house.  That way, I could help her run interference with her mom before she got stuck couch surfing again.  Apparently, Mr. Harring was out of town covering some important game all weekend.  
"Now, are you girls sure you don't want to stay here tonight?  We could have a Julia Roberts marathon!"  Mrs. Harring said hopefully, as she sat down next to me on the bed like she was just one of the girls.  I gave her a polite smile, not wanting to disappoint her with a big NO.  Geez, she worked quickly too, since I’d only been here for about five minutes.  
"No, Mom.  I already told you we’re going out tonight," Kate said, exasperated, as she started to put on eyeliner in front of the mirror.  
"Come on; it'll be fun," she urged, not giving up so easily.  
"We would love to stay, Mrs. Harring, but there's this new student, Alec, at Mapleton Prep who's going to the party.  He doesn't really know anyone yet, and Kate and I promised to be there so he wouldn't feel left out," I said, trying to turn on some guilt of my own, like she always did to Kate.
"Oh, is that that nice boy who's been picking you up for school?"  She asked, redirecting her attention to Kate.  
"Yes, so I need to return the favor and make him feel welcome in our group," Kate explained, catching on to our prison break plan fast.
"I suppose you’re right.  You girls are so sweet," she said, getting up from the bed to give Kate a proud, motherly kiss on the cheek.  For a former model who trotted the globe and partied all night long, Mrs. Harring really transitioned into the overbearing parent role quite smoothly.  I thought it was possibly owing to the eighteen years of Xanax.  
"Alec is lucky to have you two as friends.  Do you think he has potential?"  She asked, looking at Kate in the mirror with insinuating eyes, and I smiled.  That was definitely where Kate got it from.  Suddenly, I felt an unexpected hot streak of jealousy ripping through me when I ran down the question in my mind. 
"Actually, I'm kinda seeing Alec."  I was quick to correct, being so unfamiliar with this need to claim someone as mine.  What was happening to me?  
"What?!"  Kate spun around to look at me with shock in her eyes.  I was going to tell her, but her mom barged in before I could.  
Mrs. Harring clasped her hands together gleefully.  "Good for you, Dani.  It's about time you had a nice boyfriend.  Now you'll just have to help me find someone for Kate.  How's it been going?  Make sure he's treating you well.  Do you think… "
"Okay, Mom, time to go now.  I need to talk to Dani alone," Kate said, cutting off her interrogation, and pulling her toward the door.  
"All right, all right, I get the picture," she said with an eyebrow raised, like we wanted to talk about sex or something, another classic Kate move.  As politely as she could, Kate pushed her Mom out the door.  
"Have fun, and be safe," she called out, getting her last words in before Kate clicked the door shut in her face.  
"Wow," I said to Kate, who was leaning against the door, in case her mom wanted to barge in to add a few more choice words.  
"I know, right?"  Kate said, exhausted by this routine of theirs.  She ran over, jumping on the bed next to me, because she was actually one of the girls.  
"Oh my God, you’re dating Alec?  I knew it!"  She said with self-satisfaction at the confirmation of what she'd been implying all week.  
"I don't know if you'd call it dating.  We haven't been out on a date yet, but we both realized we had… feelings for each other last night," I explained, unless you count kicking some criminal butt in a bad neighborhood as a date?  
"Eeee!  Tell me everything."  Kate fastened her hands over my arm, shaking me excitedly, and I couldn't help but laugh.  I never gushed over a guy before, and she was clearly dying for the details, now four years in the making of my lackluster love life, but I didn't know how to have this conversation.  I couldn't really tell her much, because a lot of the particulars were for vamp ears only.   
"Well, after I caught my dad making out with Missy in the restaurant last night," I began…  
"Shut up!"  Kate exclaimed.  
"Yeah, I know.  My eyes are still burning.  I didn't want to go home and deal with them, so I ended up sleeping at Alec's, and we…  " I trailed off.
"Had sex!"  Kate's voice was borderline shrill, and I was afraid even her mom heard that downstairs.
"What?! No!  We just kissed," I said, offended, like I would really sleep with him after only one night.  
"Good, I didn't want to be the only virgin left at school," she said with relief, and I rolled my eyes.  
"Does Evan know?"  Kate asked, the worry showing in her voice.  Even she knew how protective Evan got when it came to me.  Great, I'm done for if even Kate was concerned.  
"Nope," I said, as a matter of fact.  
"Well, this should make for an interesting evening."  You could see all the possible scenarios flashing though her mind.  Why was it such a big deal to tell Evan I liked a guy?  He had girlfriends all the time, and I didn't say anything about it, in fact I tried to help him through his relationship dramas.  Why should I feel guilty?  Despite trying to convince myself this shouldn't bother him, deep down I knew it would.  He was likely to react poorly, especially since he thought Alec was a player, which I couldn't discount as a possibility, even though I didn't believe it.  His raw words last night before we kissed were too genuine to fake, right?  
"Just do me a favor, and help me run interference.  It's been tense enough between them at lunch," I said in a sigh, wondering if I should just skip this all together.  Kate nodded like she had me covered before a huge smile slid across her face.
"What?"  I asked, trying to figure out the mischief behind her smile.  
"Since we’re sharing, a certain sexy substitute called me yesterday," she said, looking very gratified.  Great, like my life wasn't complicated enough.  
"Mr. Powell, seriously, Kate?"  I said judgmentally.  Not that I was one to talk, since I was trusting Alec purely on his word, without any proof, but still, this had bad idea written all over it.  
"Ewww, don't call him that.  It makes him sound old.  His name is Eli," she corrected me, and I had to nod along like it was news to me.   
"You're still going to have to call him Mr. Powell," I pointed out.  
"Yeah, but only in school.  Anyway, Eli's taking me to lunch in the city tomorrow, so if my mom asks, I was with you," Kate explained.  I guessed this wasn't the kind of nice boyfriend Mrs. Harring had in mind for her only daughter; but then again, I was sure my mom wouldn't be thrilled if I told her I was dating a vampire.  At least, Kate had the sense to pick the lesser of two evils in this poorly conceived game of “dating dangerously.”  
"Done," I said, and she squealed with excitement, giving me a hug.  I decided to take this as a sign to hold off on telling Eli about Alec and me.  After all, what kind of friend would I be if I ruined his date?   


Chapter 21:  Beaches & Blowouts

Saturday night in Mapleton.  It had been a while since I was home for one of Dale's parties.  I was usually in the city with Eli, researching a mission, or trying to complete one at The Basement.  I'd much rather be doing that right now, but at least, this was a chance for me to have some of that senior year fun I was hoping for.  It was a crisp, cloudless night, and the air had cooled slightly as it approached October.  The leaves would be turning soon, waving goodbye to summer.  
I liked living in Mapleton.  There was a quiet to it that helped relax me from the stress of the city.  I didn't often think about what I was going to do when I graduated, because I hoped to continue my life-changing work with Eli.  Now everything was up in the air, and even if I lived through this, it was finally setting in that I would never get back my old life.  Now with Alec here, I didn't know if I even wanted it back, but it all still felt so unclear.  I needed to make him understand that I trusted him, but that didn't mean I'd tolerate being kept in the dark forever, even another week.  I couldn't take this unknown state much longer.  But tonight?  Tonight, I just want to have fun with my friends and snuggle up with my hot vamp by the bonfire.  
I turned down the street to Dale's house, where all the estates backed up to Lake Michigan.  In general, Mapleton is an affluent suburb with clean streets, good schools, and nice neighborhoods, but Dale's particular stretch of road definitely out-luxed them all.  His parents practically led the neighborhood parade down Escapees Lane into the city on weekends, effectively leaving their pyromaniac son to reign free in this ghost town.  It's a wonder he hadn't burned down the whole block yet.  I pulled up to his gate, and Kate turned down the radio as I buzzed the call button.  The video screen flipped on, and Jake appeared on the monitor.  It was obvious the party was already going strong.  The music was blaring through the speaker, and people were running behind him, hootin' and hollerin' at us on the screen as they passed.
"Hey ladies," Jake said over the pounding of the music, holding up his plastic cup in a mock toast.  
"Hey Jake, it looks like you've managed to keep your clothes on so far," Kate said jokingly, looking over my shoulder.  
"Don't be disappointed, Kate.  It's not midnight yet," he winked, and we both looked at each other, rolling our eyes.
"Just try to remember where you stash them this time.  No one wants to see your naked butt running down the beach tonight," I interjected, facing Jake again.  
"I respectfully disagree," he said defensively.  
"Are you going to let us in or what?"  Kate asked.  
"What's the password?"  Jake asked, enjoying his little gatekeeper power trip.  
"Jinkle shrinkle?"  I offered.  
"Huh?"  Jake squinted into the monitor, looking confused.  
"That's what the girls have been calling you all week in the locker room.  I guess that water must be awfully cold," I teased while shrugging, like it was a good guess, and Kate broke into laughter, sitting back in her seat.  Jake pressed the buzzer, opening the gate as he busted out into an over exaggerated fake laugh, ridiculing my suggestion of his shrunken password, and clearly not as amused as Kate.  Hey, I took a shot.  
I parked at the end of the long driveway, next to the other twenty or so cars on the side lawn.  We hopped out and made our way to the front entrance.  As we approached the house, you might think it was picked up from the Hamptons and shipped to this lot.  It's gray, slatted shingles, huge grill-worked windows, and white trim accents made me instinctively listen for a seagull’s call.  I suppose this street was Illinois’ closest match to the dream of an oceanfront mansion.  It looked so pretty at night, all lit up, and I could hear the water on the other side, just barely, since it was muffled by the thumpin' of the bass.  
Good thing this neighborhood was deserted on the weekend, or the cops would have already been here.  I followed Kate inside, and an explosion of music and laughter hit us as soon as she opened the door.  Kate navigated us through the crowd, and we made our way into the kitchen.  I stood next to her at the entrance, and we both smiled at each other, shaking our heads.  The first thing we walked in on was Bennet in the middle of a keg stand, his legs graciously being held in the air by our host.  Dale saw us and immediately dropped Bennet's legs to walk over.  Lacking any warning, upon his hard landing, Bennet sprayed whatever liquid was left in his mouth all over the people in front of him who were cheering him on.  
"Ahhh!"  "Dude!"  "Dale!"  And a choir of profanities followed, as the defiled party-goers threw their empty cups at him.  
"Hey!"  Dale approached us, ignoring the red plastic being chucked at his head.  He used his tree trunk arms to pick both Kate and me up in a simultaneous hug.  
"Evan said you guys were coming, but I didn't know if Mrs. Harring would bolt the doors shut on you," Dale joked.  Apparently, Kate's mom had become notorious.  I hated to think what would happen if she found out about her date with the new AP History sub.  No doubt, Kate would end up a permanent prisoner in her own home.  We had better make sure we came up with a good cover story, for her and Eli's sakes.  
"Dani helped me flee the scene," Kate explained.  
"Come on, I'll get you a drink," Dale said, waving for us to follow him deeper into the kitchen.  
"What'll it be?"  He asked gesturing his arms over the keg and the array of bottles on the island.  Alcohol didn't affect me.  My blood burned it off before it could be absorbed, so it didn't matter if it was liquor or water in my cup.  The only thing that could get me tipsy was the toxin from a vamp bite.  I flashed back to last night, and my stomach dipped with magical flutters as I thought of Alec's lips pressed onto mine.  Correction, now there were two things in the world that could make me tipsy.  
"I'll have whatever," Kate said with a shrug, and I nodded along.  It was easy to give into the peer pressure, without any consequential effects.  Dale grabbed two cups and started concocting something for us from the island’s offering, before handing them over.  Kate and I tapped our glasses, and I took a sip, immediately scrunching my face.  Just because the booze wouldn't affect me didn't mean it tasted any better.  
"Heyoh!"  Bennet said from behind, slumping his arm over Kate.  Judging by the looks of him, I doubted that was his first keg stand of the night.  
"What's with him?"  I asked Dale, like Bennet wasn’t standing right next to me.
"He's celebrating," Dale said, reaching past me to shake Bennet's shoulder joyfully.  
"Celebrating what?"  Kate inquired.  
"Coach moved him to the outfield now that we have a decent catcher, and he's celebrating the fact that we'll stop giving him shit all time."  Dale smiled, high-fiving Bennet.  
"Yeah, that Alec's all right, for a flightaho.  Is he coming?"  Bennet asked with slurred words.  
"I think so," I said casually, like I hadn't talked to him already today even though he dropped me off just this morning.  Kate gave me a knowing smile at my little downplay.  
"Is Evan here yet?"  I asked just as casually, hoping that he decided to bail and stay in with Harper instead.  
"Yep, most the crew's out back by the bonfire," Dale said, pointing the way.  
"’Kay, see you out there," I said to Dale, starting to walk away, and Kate removed Bennet's dead-weighted arm from her shoulder to join me.  
"Okay, how do you want to do this?"  Kate asked as we both stood on the back patio, looking out at the gathering around the bonfire.  
"I don't know, it's awkward.  Alec made a comment about me being off the market this morning, but we haven't even talked about things yet, and I don't know how he'll act in front of me with everyone around," I shrugged, suddenly feeling unsure.  
I was so out of my element with all this relationship game-playing nonsense, I didn't know what the hell I was doing.  Maybe this was all just in my head.  Maybe I was blowing the whole thing out of proportion with Alec.  Maybe he just said all that stuff last night to gain my trust and get a little action.  Maybe he somehow Tranced me into feeling this instant pull and connection with him whenever he was near, all the while laughing behind my back.  My brain was drained, asking me to give it a break.  
I didn't know how people did this.  It'd been two days, and I was already emotionally exhausted.  I was starting to wonder if letting someone in was even worth it, especially a dangerous vampire who could easily break my heart, or worse.  Kate put a comforting hand on my shoulder.  She could see the anxiety-riddled dialog running through my head, because I was having trouble hiding it from my face.  
"We'll just go over and play it cool until Alec gets here, and leave it up to him to set the tone between you.  And either way, if Alec and Evan start in on each other, I'll try to do a subject change," Kate said like a seasoned pro, and it felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders.  She was right.  Alec started it, so I'd let him deal with the next step.  I didn't need the extra stress right now.  Kate didn't have a ton of experience, but certainly much more than I, and she definitely knew how to play the politics when it came to Mapleton Prep.  
In order not to sink down with every step, I took off my high heels as soon as we hit the grass and let my now too long jeans drag along.  I could see the fresh patch of grass where Dale replaced the sod from his lawn blaze, because it already looked like a giant rectangle of brownish yellow.  I knew his parents were trying to punish him, for a change, but I think their plan only landed them a hefty landscaping bill, since they would probably be forced to hire someone to dig it up again and do it right.
It was cooler by the water with my feet in the sand, and I was glad I decided to wear a cashmere sweater.  It was the same sweater I was mulling over the day Alec approached me in the clothing boutique.  I bought it after he walked away, leaving nothing but a token in my hand, and the memory of his intoxicating cologne.  I would never admit it out loud, but I wore it tonight because a little piece of me hoped he recognized the sweater.  Like that would be proof he replayed every single second of that moment until it was forever imprinted in his mind, just as I did.  How sick was that?  I didn't feel comfortable in this new crazy skin.  
A round of "Heys" greeted Kate and me when we reached the fire, and I waved.  Evan found my eyes and ticked his head, silently telling me to sit by him.  I worked around the huge, roaring fire to meet him, immediately noticing Harper's absence.  I sat down next to Evan in the sand, and he gave me a one-armed side hug in greeting.  Kate sat on the other side of Jake in case I wanted to talk privately to Evan.  I wanted to talk to him about Alec, but not with Alicia and Sienna sitting right next to him.  Those two were Harper's first tier pipeline when it came to starting the phone tree of false rumors, and I didn't want to give them any fuel to feed the fire.  
"Where's Harper?"  I asked, still trying to find her in the crowd along the beach.
"Blah, blah, something shopping, blah, blah, blah," Evan said, obviously caring a great deal about her absence.  
"She's shopping with her mom in the city this weekend to replenish her wardrobe, because someone thought it'd be funny to throw a snowball made of clay at her in Senior Sculptures," Alicia said with an aggressive, catty edge, like her whole weekend was ruined because Harper couldn't be here to make everyone else miserable.  And good God, it was one stupid top amidst an entire walk-in closet of designer digs.  That really didn't constitute the destruction of an entire wardrobe.  How long did we have to keep pretending like this was some sort of Greek tragedy?  I saw the muscles spring to life along Evan's strong jaw as he clenched his teeth in irritation.  He was obviously sick of Harper's whining over her top, or of her altogether, I didn't know which.  It was just a ploy for her to suck up all the attention, as per usual.  I didn't even respond to Alicia.  It wasn’t worth it.  
"So how'd it go with your dad last night?"  Evan asked, taking a sip of his drink before leaning back on his hands to stretch out his long legs in front of him.  His dark brown hair looked closer to black at night, and it absorbed the colors of the orange and gold flames, giving his whole face a soft glow.  He really was steaming hot.  I don't know why this just occurred to me.  I guess it's just weird to think about a friend in that way.  
"Terrible, my worst fear has come true," I said, matching his pose in the sand, although my red-painted toenails barely reached his mid-calf.  
"Yuck, him and Missy, for real?"  He asked, looking over at me in disbelief, and I nodded, not really wanting to think about it.  
"Who's Missy?"  Alicia asked, her ears immediately perking to the possibility of gossip.  
"My little brother's nanny," I said, deflated.  Why fight it?  It'd be all over Mapleton soon enough.  
"Didn't that same thing happen with Dave's dad?"  Sienna interjected, and I saw some heads nodding into the fire, recalling our first baseman's family skeletons.  
As I predicted, no one within earshot seemed affected by the news, no one but me, that is.  In this town, family drama was mainstream, and nothing jaded us anymore.  If it wasn’t divorcees diddling nannies, it was housewives on happy pills, cheating spouses, or worst of all, like Evan's dad, who kept an apartment for his secret girlfriend in the city that his mom pretended not to know about.  I almost laughed to myself.  It would take nothing less than a vampire walking into our school to make our group blink twice.  I was tempted turn vamp and flash my fangs just to see if they'd even react, and Alec jumped to the forefront of my thoughts.  
"Are you okay?"  Evan asked, noticing my tense silence.  He put his warm hand on my back and started rubbing soothing circles to comfort me.  I saw Alicia and Sienna looking at each other in a side glance at Evan's gesture, telling me Harper was probably wirelessly streamed into this party, just like Kate was wired into the lunch table, but I didn't even care.  Something was nagging at me all day that was so much more important than Harper and our high school gossip.  I couldn't get that strange vibe coming from Alec this morning out of my head when he asked if I trusted him.  
"Hey beautiful," Alec's call pulled my attention to the lawn, and he gave a nod that only I could make out.  From this distance I could see his striking features, peaking in perfectly symmetrical shadows against the backdrop of the flames.  There was tension pinching in his eyes again as he approached, because Evan was still rubbing my back, or at least, I assumed that was what was wrong.  Kate looked toward Alec, who was almost to the sand, and whipped her head back to me, wide-eyed, like the tone had been clearly set. I had a gut wrenching feeling this was going to go very bad, very fast.  
"Who was he talking to?"  Evan asked to no one in particular with an underlying panic in his voice.  Alec's feet hit the sand, and my heart started to pound in my chest when his eyes locked onto mine, paired with a warm smile.  Some in the circle picked up on the growing tension, and started to look at each other as they put it together.  I could see them resisting the urge to pull out their phones and text about me behind my back, right in front of my face.  
"What's going on?"  Evan asked, sitting up straight to look me in the eye, and I looked past him, screaming at Kate through my make-believe ESP to do something!  
"Jake!  Don't you want to prove to Dani how cold that water really is?"  Kate said in a rush.  Oh crap!  A devilish smile spread over Jake's face when he looked at me, as if he suddenly remembered my joke and had this plan all along.  
"I sure do," Jake said, half tackling me as he lunged over to my spot in the sand, knocking over people’s drinks in the process.  I let out a little shriek when he hoisted me up over his shoulder and started running us toward the cold water with fast determination.  I half-heartedly tried to fight my way out of his clutches, since the alternative was equally unappealing, and cheers and chants erupted from the beach, encouraging Jake to dunk me.
"Timber!"  Jake yelled when he dropped me, sacrificing his own dry pants for the cause, since he was in up to his thighs.  A freezing cold chill hit my face when the icy water enveloped me.  I let out a little gurgle of bubbles before immediately recovering to a standing position next to Jake, who was still mostly dry.  I smoothed back my sloppy, wet hair splayed over my face as a thunder of cheers broke out on the beach, and I could see that Jake had his hands thrown up to the sky like he just batted a game-winning homerun.  
I hooked my foot around his ankle, clipping it out from underneath him as I pushed back on his chest, and he flipped onto his back in a mammoth splash, before disappearing into the dark water.  I left him there to recover from the soaking surprise, slowly walking back in, as another roar of laughter and cheers, with hands held up for high-fives greeted me at the water's edge for my revenge move.  I really must stop making jokes about guys and their equipment.  It seems like a touchy subject, that invariably made them feel the need to retaliate with swift justice.  
Alec was waiting for me beside Kate, amongst the crowd, which had doubled in size as they spilled out from the house to see the show.  The weight of my drenched clothing felt heavy, and I struggled every step of the way.  I think it was a sign.  Alec quickly unzipped his lightweight hoodie and draped it over my shoulders, rubbing his hand over my arm to help warm me up.  Although I couldn't die from hypothermia like a normal person, I could still feel the cold seeping into my bones.  
"That's the best you can come up with?"  I asked Kate for initiating my freezing body core temp.  
"Pretty much.  You handled yourself okay," she said in a shrug.  
Alec dipped down to my ear, "I would've stopped him, but… " he whispered against my dripping hair.  I knew he couldn't have gotten to me fast enough without breaking the laws of physics.  
"No, I know.  Don't worry about it," I said out loud, since Kate had no clue what we were talking about.  Alec hugged me tighter, landing a kiss on top of my head and leaving his lips there.  
"Can we go somewhere?  I need to talk to you," he said quietly into my hair, kissing me again.  Before I could respond, Evan came barreling through the people next to us and shoved Alec, knocking him loose from our embrace.  
"What the hell are you doin', man!"  Evan yelled, shoving Alec again.  It was way beyond over-reacting, and much more than I ever expected, even for Evan.  I wondered if it was because he too, kissed the top of my head many times when we talked all night in bed.  Maybe it struck a nerve.  
"I'm kissin' my girl.  You gotta a problem with that?!"  Alec countered, stepping around me, shoving Evan back, who stumbled into the sand.  I winced, praying Alec didn't get carried away and break something.  
"Your girl?!"  Evan barked, like it was the most ridiculous thing he'd ever heard, as he jumped back up to his feet, stepping towards Alec.  
"Evan, stop!"  I said, moving between them, putting my hands on Evan's chest.  He looked down at me and saw in my eyes that Alec wasn’t full of it.  His fighting expression faltered into a mixture of wounded shock and anger.  It was probably the same exact face I had when Alec walked into my life, unannounced, changing everything forever.  I could see Evan was reacting about as well as I did.  
"This yahoo?  Are you kidding me, Dani?!"  Evan demanded I reply to his question straight, and with an answer he wanted to hear as he stepped away to look at me fully.  I wanted to respond, but I felt frozen, although it had nothing to do with being drenched in ice water.  
"Alec and I are… I don’t know, whatever you call it… He's my," I stumbled over my words, all confidence lost, as the huge crowd formed around us to witness the debacle.  
"I call it her boyfriend," Alec said behind me with much more confidence, putting his hand on my shoulder, and I reacted by pressing against his chest.  I could smell the strong rose water pouring from his skin, as he struggled to restrain his territorial vamp instincts from the confrontation.  I needed to get Alec out of here before his instincts overtook him completely, and he rips Evan to shreds with his fangs.  
"Last week in bed you said you wanted nothing to do with this asshole!"  Evan spewed, knocking Alec's hand off my shoulder again, and a gasp resonated through the crowd at Evan's word slip, which included my own.  
"Whose bed?"  Someone shouted from the crowd, trying to instigate Evan's testosterone-fueled rage further.  
"Yeah, that's right, Alec. Where are you when I'm sleeping in Dani's bed?"  Evan rebutted, standing taller.  
"Evan!"  I screamed.  My insides liquefied.  I couldn't believe he just said that out loud!  
"I didn't see you there last night," Alec taunted, and Evan growled with anger, spinning out of my blocking path.  He dove sideways at Alec, and they both rolled into the sand.
"Stop it!"  I screamed, terrified Alec’s instincts would win, and possibly snap Evan's neck in half.  Jake, Dale, and a bunch of other baseball guys stepped in, pulling them apart.  This was one of those torturous instances when it killed me not use my Gifts.  I could've broken this up before it even started.  
They were both blistering with rage, covered in sand, as they struggled to collect themselves.  I caught Alec's eyes, and saw that he gained back some control, but I lost mine.  I felt sick to my stomach over this whole thing.  Evan totally screwed me.  Now everyone was going to think I'd been hooking up with him on the side, and Harper would have my head on a platter for breakfast.  Alec was no better, creating insecurities and having me wondering if he even liked me, or if I represented some sort of trophy as a big F---you to Evan for challenging him the first day they met.  I'd be known as the bed-hopping whore of Mapleton Prep by Monday.  The crowd was gaping at us and the whole mind-blowing scene.  Everyone was holding their breaths, staring at me, waiting for me to say something.  
"I swear to God, if either one of you follow me, I'll kill you both," I said, dark and rumbling, with a depth that even scared me.  I turned to Kate.  
"Take me home?"  I asked like a wounded, rescue kitten with a quiver rattling in my voice.  She swallowed down a lump of pity while nodding, and agreed to save me from the firing squad of accusing eyes.  Kate grabbed my hand and quickly pulled me along with her back toward my car.  My legs wobbled so badly, for the first time, I could barely keep up with her.  


Chapter 22:  Shut it Out

Kate and I split from Dale's party as soon as I closed the car door, and Alec and Evan didn't dare come after me, following my death threat.  They were standing immobilized as I walked away.  Kate offered for me to stay over, after what I now think of as the most humiliating moment of my life, but I just wanted to go home.  I wished her luck on her date with Eli.  I felt sure her love life had much higher hopes than mine.  
I was relieved that Missy wasn't at the house.  I guess she couldn’t wait to get to her new apartment in the city, paid for by Bill, her new sugar daddy, just as she planned all along.  It was like she was his bought-and-paid-for, getting stashed away until he was ready for her.  That was probably what Dale's party guests were saying about me right now.  
I was so mad at Evan.  He’d already tried calling me, but I didn't pick up.  He texted a bunch of apologies, themed with “sorry,” but I ignored them.  I didn't even want to deal with it right now, or think about what got him so unglued.  Until tonight, he had never done anything to disappoint or hurt me, and I still couldn't believe he spilled about our nights in my room.  It was the worst possible secret he could've used in his trash-talking fury; and with the exception of Kate, no one would believe we never did anything.  We never even kissed!  Alec was on my list too.  He'd been jealous of Evan from day one, instigating this whole prize fight between them, and somehow in the end, I was the one who had to pay.  
I peeled off my soaked clothes, now including Alec's hoodie and decided to take a long, hot shower.  As I let the water pound the horrible night away, I felt my skin begin to warm beneath its flowing blanket and the color returned to my lips.  My insides twisted and tore at me.  My heart felt prickly, like it was protecting itself from being shattered.  Deep down, something else was tearing me apart and I couldn't take it anymore.  I didn't want to feel this way for another minute.  I shut it all out.  I concentrated on my breath, allowing my mind to go blank, and called on my blood, commanding my heart to slow its beat.  The rate slowed when the power found its way into my veins, releasing the vampire, and my pulse ticked to a stop.  
I instantly felt different, no longer caring what anyone thought of me.  I may have had more instinctual control than other vampires, but those unpleasant human emotions coursing through me a moment ago tucked themselves away into my heart, transforming from a throbbing stab to a much more bearable, dull sting.  
I smiled to myself, being half-vamp had some perks that had nothing to do with saving lives, and sprang my fangs before finally turning off the steaming shower.  I began to towel off and get dressed, slipping into the short, cotton nightie I decided on for bed, and wrapping up in my knee-length robe while I inspected my fangs in the mirror.  As I ran a comb through my hair, I used my free hand to poke the pads of my fingers over the razor edged tips, thinking about how much damage they could really do, and I smiled again, enjoying the power.  A smile looks so unnatural when you have daggers protruding from your gums, but I thought I’d stay this way tonight so I could actually get some sleep, before keeping the fangs tucked away for comfort, along with my human emotions.  
I stepped into the hall, and my breath caught as my nose filled with a rose water ocean: Alec.  I ran to my room, throwing the door open to find him sitting on my bed.  I instantly changed my mind about the fangs.  They flipped out from their hiding place as I hissed.  
"Okay, let's just take it easy.  I brought you your shoes back," Alec offered, holding up my favorite Pradas that I left behind on the beach.  
"Great, you brought them," I said, pulling them from his hands, and chucking them so hard, one of the heels stuck into the wall like a dart.  
"Now go," I said darkly, as my fangs retreated back in.  I was losing control of my instincts quickly, and this was definitely not bloodlust.  Some other things vampires do very well are fight, rage, and destroy.  
"No.  I want to talk this out."  Alec said, standing up, and his challenge only made it harder not to tear him apart.  
"I don't want to talk, so go," I said, pointing out my door.  
"We have important things to discuss.  I’m staying."  He dug his heels in.
"Leave," I gritted through my teeth.  
"Make me."  Alec crossed his arms over his chest, and I saw his own instincts clouding the depth in his eyes.  I dove at him, smashing his back into the wall, and he grabbed my wrist, spinning me around until my back was pressed into his chest, with his arm locking me against him.  
"Is that the best you got?"  He whispered into my ear.  
I stomped on his instep with my heel while twisting his arm underneath him, which forced him to turn into the wall.  His face looked unnaturally squashed to one side as his cheek pressed against it, and I felt like a cop preparing to cuff him.  He pushed back against my hold just enough to run vertically on the wall.  He flipped up and over my head, landing behind me.  I spun to face him, and he wrapped me in a bear hug, pinning my arms at my sides before I could break his nose again.  I squirmed in his iron grip with little success, and then remembered the move I pulled on Jake in the water.  I hooked my foot around Alec's ankle, throwing my weight into his chest until his back hit the floor with a hard thump.  His grip faltered just enough for me to pull free, and I sat up to look at him, resting my hands on his chest as I straddled his hips.  
"How was that?"  I countered, raising my eyebrow in a dare.
"Not bad, but if you'll recall, I'm the one who taught you that move in the dugout," he said with a smirk, reaching up to cup my cheek.  All the fight in me instantaneously fell away, but something else rose in its place, and desire washed over me as my breath became more rapid and shallow, desperate to inhale his cologne.  Alec saw it in my eyes, and he pulled me down into his chest, my lips crashing into his with heated fervor.  I wrapped my arms around his neck as his hands ran over my bare legs.  He ferociously untied my robe, the thick blanket being too much for him to take, and he pulled it off me as he sat up, never leaving my lips, and kissing me with unrelenting need.  I untucked my legs to move them around his waist, fully sitting in his lap, ready to spend the rest of the night in his addictive embrace, where it felt like I was meant to be.    
My blood lit up like fireworks from his touch, and the heat flooded my veins as feelings so much deeper than instinctual lust overtook me, turning me.  Our lips were forced apart when the oxygen pumped through my beating heart, and I threw my head back again, sucking in a desperate breath.  My chest heaved as I returned my eyes to Alec.  It was like we couldn't help bringing out the human in each other.  He smiled wide, holding my legs around him, and jumped to his feet.  Walking to the bed, he laid me down on its cushy pillow.  
Lying next to me, he propped up on his elbow to look at me and asked, "Can we talk now?"  His expression looked troubled, and I suddenly wondered what happened after I left the party.  All those terrible, anxious feelings flooded my mind, and my face reddened.  I self-consciously fixed my cotton nightie, pulling it down as far as it would go, which was only mid-thigh, trying to pretend Alec didn't just see my lacey underwear.  My jaw clenched when I thought about everyone calling me a tramp behind my back.  Or possibly not behind my back; they might even say it right to my face.  I supposed I'd find out on Monday.
"I'm too mad to talk," I said, the anger returning to my voice.  
"At me?"  Alec asked innocently, like it wasn't obvious.  
"Yes, I'm mad at you, Alec.  It's hard enough leading a double life, and then you walk in, and manage to screw them both up for me, in a week's time."  I said spitefully.  He was taken aback by my bitterness over his presence, considering the heated kiss we just shared.
"Thanks for clearing that up.  For some reason, I had this crazy notion that you were starting to enjoy my company."  Alec said with sarcastic arrogance, but I could hear the underlying hurt in his voice.  
"Don't go turning the tables on me.  You’re the one at fault here.  Thanks to you, everyone at school is going to think I slept with the new guy while doing Evan on the side," I said, crossing my arms.
"I'll only own up to half of that," Alec said, uncrossing my arms to lay his hand over my waist.
"And…" I egged on, waiting for an apology.
"And nothing, you're super-hot.  I think a sex rumor with you did miracles for my rep, and helped me put Evan in his place.  There can only be one King of Mapleton Prep," Alec declared.  
"What?!"  My stomach leaped into my throat with a sharp inhale, feeling like his words just knocked the wind out of me, and I sprang upright in bed.  
Without a beat to take a breath, Alec sat up beside me, tangling his fingers into my wet hair, as cold droplets ran down my back.  When his lips pressed onto mine with such fire, the water sparked under my skin, and I thought I would melt right into the floor.  Alec pulled away and I was speechless, his own winded breath matching mine.  The rings of light in his eyes flickered like stars in an endless, dusk-colored curtain, and I could see nothing but the piercing abyss of passion and assurance in his expression.  
"A connection like ours can't be manufactured, and you know it.  You don't actually care about or believe a word of that garbage, even though you're trying to convince yourself otherwise, to avoid whatever it is that's really upsetting you.  None of that stuff matters, Dani.  None of it.  We are dealing with life and death here, not high school crap.  Now I need to talk to you about what happened tonight, so tell me what's really bothering you, because you have to trust me!"  Alec's demand came out unsteady through heavy breaths, as naturally as if he were truly in need of the oxygen.  The devotion in his eyes was merciless, refusing to let go until my heart comes pouring out.  That was it, right there.  That was exactly the problem.  
How could someone you just met see you more clearly than you saw yourself, creating feelings you never thought possible, and look into your eyes as if it were merely a portal for him to see into your soul?  In that moment, I saw him as clearly as he did me, and I knew why he was really here.  I knew what he had done to save me from Stella's wrath.  I felt like I was struck by lightning, split in two all the way down to my toes, and spilling onto the ground like a pile of worthless mush.  Alec held my face in his hands, waiting for me to bear my soul, and tell him my greatest fear and how he could fix it, but he couldn't.  He wouldn't.
"I'm scared," I whispered.  
"Of who?  Stella?  I swear I won't ever let her hurt you, Dani," Alec said, moving his hands from my face to hold my shoulders reassuringly.  
"I'm scared of you," I said, dropping my eyes.  
"Why?"  Alec asked, tilting my chin up to look at him.  
"Because I can see it in your eyes now, and I trust you, Alec.  I trust that you'll do anything to protect me."  My voice was wobbling.  It all seemed so obvious now.  Alec was always a step ahead.  
"And that scares you?"  Alec asked softly, trying to understand.  
"Yes, because you didn't come here to make up with me, did you?  You came here to break my heart instead," I said, tears filling my eyes.  
"I had to make choice," Alec said shamefully as understanding crossed his face.
"It wasn't your choice to make," I said.  The tears started rolling down my cheeks.  
"I'll always choose you, Dani.  Always."  Alec brushed my tears away with his thumb.  
"I'll die before I let you take him," I tried to sound threatening, but my voice was stuttering and broken.  
"Daniella, he's already gone."  His voice whispered, like if he said it quietly enough, it wouldn't rip me in two all over again.  Alec had to choose to save the blood or the brains.  He chose the blood.  


Chapter 23:  The New Mission

"Eli!"  I kicked my foot into the door until it splintered open before running into his apartment.  I couldn't believe he was really gone.  I had to see it for myself.  
"Dani, stop.  He's not here," Alec said calmly, walking in, and I pushed him into the wall.  
"Don't talk to me.  Don't you ever talk to me again!"  I shouted frantically, running around the living room, searching for clues to nothing.  I raced through red lights at unimaginable speeds, taking out street signs along the way into the city, all the while, never shaking Alec from my tail.  
"Take me to him.  I want you to take me to him right now," I screeched as tears began running down my face.  They have hardly stopped since learning Eli was taken to that evil witch.  The pain won't stop.  It will never stop until I get him back.
"I can't do that," Alec explained, his own stubbornness setting in.  
"You said you'd never hurt me," I cried out.  The agony overtook me and I buckled to my knees.  
"I never wanted this.  It was an impossible decision.  I had to keep your heart beating even if it ached.  Dani, you're too important, and not just to me," Alec pleaded, begging for me to understand, but I didn't.  I couldn't understand for one second why my life was worth saving over Eli's. 
"So instead, my partner has to die?"  I asked, looking up at him, wide-eyed, from the floor.  
"No!  That's not what I meant.  I had to give Stella something.  Eli went willingly once I explained.  Please hear me out."  Alec picked up my elbow to help me stand, and I ripped it out of his grip.  
"Of course he did!  We're a team.  We have each other’s backs, no matter what.  If you understood that for a second, if you understood what we've been through together, you wouldn't be standing here asking me to calmly listen to your bullshit justification.  I don't care why or how you talked Eli into sacrificing himself behind my back.  I don't give a damn what you have to say.  I just want to save my partner!"  I was seething.  My human self didn't recognize this kind of anger.  It sat unnaturally on my skin, weighing me down.  
"That's what I'm trying to do, but I can't get Eli back if you refuse to listen!"  Alec shouted, becoming impatient.  I stepped back, my mouth agape.  I couldn't believe he had the nerve to raise his voice to me, after the bait-and-switch move he pulled to ruin my life.  God knows what kind of experiments Stella was doing on Eli as we argued.  She was probably torturing him, branding his skin, severing his limbs, until he gave up the list of all we turned.  The 7th Circle now had the ultimate power in their clutches.  They could use his precious, super-human blood to develop some sort of biological weapon in order to take over the world.  For all I knew, he could already be dead!      
"Dani, I'm sorry.  It wasn't supposed be this way, but I'll do everything in my power to make it right."  Alec's eyes softened with a warmth emitting from his core, asking for forgiveness.  He stepped toward me, holding out his hand for me to take, but I stepped back.  
"You're sorry?  You're sorry?!  I am so sick of hearing that."  I approached him.  
"My dad is sorry," I shoved Alec in the chest, and he faltered back, not fighting my rage.
"Evan's sorry," I shoved him again, nearing the back wall.
"Now you're sorry."  Another push, and his back cracked the glass of the window when he hit it.
"You want to show me you’re sorry?  How about you bring back the only man in my life who never had to say it!"  I shoved Alec with such force, he went flying through the window, glass spraying down with him in a glimmering shower against the backdrop of the night.  Below, a car alarm blared upon the impact of his body.  The car ringed and whistled, setting off others next to it.  Dogs began to bark and lights started to illuminate in apartments as sleeping neighbors woke up to investigate.  
I looked out down below to find Alec standing on the roof of the car, now crunched and flattened beneath his feet.  He looked up at me, searching for something on my face, searching for a way out of this, and back into each other's arms where we fit together so easily.  I only shook my head.  I was so done with sorry.  I stepped back from the window.  I couldn't bear to even look at him anymore.  
My stomach turned and needles stabbed at my insides with every step.  I was feeling so much and nothing, all at once, that my body could only register the pain.  I took a deep breath and turned the handle to Eli's lab.  The door squeaked when I pushed it open as if it hadn't been used in years.  I stepped into the room, swallowing down the tears, and taking in the empty space.  All the files and research were gone, and in their place, a broken dream of helping people.  I couldn't take anymore tears.  They burned against my skin, tattooing me with every searing streak so I'd never forget, even if I wanted to.  The heart monitor sat sad and lifeless by the stainless steel table, as if it too, gave up all hope, but I wouldn't.  I would never give up.  
I closed my eyes.  "This is your purpose," I whispered to myself.  My senses filled with blood orange and cherries as though he were still in the room.  I snapped my eyes back open, and on the stainless steel table, I saw a small piece of paper resting on the pillow that I could swear wasn't there before.  I gulped, afraid to look as I reached out tentatively to turn it over.  It was in Eli's handwriting.  The words I had heard so many times before somehow held new meaning.  I picked up the note, holding it to my heart, remembering the first time I heard his beating.  From that moment on, both our lives changed for the good.  I could almost hear him whispering it into my ear, right before I kindled the flame of my most precious Gift.  Life.  I read the words once more, vowing they wouldn't be his last.    
Remember Dani…
Forever grateful.

###


Now Available!
Taste for Blood: Pour 
(Nephil-Vamp Series, Book 2)
Now Available!
The Secret Trinity
(Fae-Witch Trilogy, Books 1, 2, & 3)
Thank you to my amazing fans for reading STIR!
I hope you enjoyed the debut of my new Nephil-Vamp Series, and I can't wait to share what happens next in Dani Madison's world.  For more books by Jenna Bernel check out my website for all the links.   
To learn more about the Author, Jenna Bernel and her future projects, visit her website:
http://jennabernel.com
Like Jenna Bernel on Facebook:
http://facebook.com/jennabernel
Follow Jenna Bernel on Twitter:
https://twitter.com/JennaBernel

