All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The Enchanted Writes Book One
Copyright © 2013 Jilly McQueen
Smashwords Edition

Cover art stock photos: Blue smoke © Juan Morelis, Budapest at night © Roland Nagy, Masquerade mask © Konstantin Yuganov. Licensed from Dreamstime.
 This book was previously published under Odette C. Bell and Sarah Good, it is now being republished under the pen name Jilly McQueen.

For free fiction and details of current and upcoming titles, please visit
 www.odettecbell.com
(Jilly McQueen is a pen name of Odette C. Bell)

Author’s Note: 
you may have noticed this book used to be published under Odette C. Bell. It’s now being published under Jilly McQueen. Why? To keep different genres and styles separate. Jilly McQueen will be home to quirky fantasy and adventure tales. For a full list of titles published under Jilly McQueen, please visit www.odettecbell.com and navigate to the ‘pen name’ tab.

The Enchanted Writes
Book One

Chapter One
It took Henrietta far too long to open her eyes that morning. There seemed to be a great weight pressing down on them. But she finally managed it. And then she shot out of bed like a bullet, ripping her duvet off her stomach and arms so fast that it fell off the bed and tumbled to the floor.
Her room was trashed. Totally trashed. The curtains she had lovingly handmade out of old Japanese kimonos had been ripped from the rails. The little boxes of trinkets, necklaces, bracelets, and rings that she kept on her dressing table were scattered over the floor, some of them broken, their glass and plastic beads everywhere. And that wasn't to mention the state of her wardrobe: the door was hanging off and all of the clothes had fallen off their coat hangers.
Just as the words ‘what the hell’ were preparing to erupt from her mouth, Henrietta stopped. Because Henrietta remembered.
Breath sharp, hands shaking, she pressed her fingers into her mouth, her eyes widening in surprise and shock.
Good god, what had happened to her last night?
Henrietta sat back down on her bed, eyes never blinking as she surveyed the mess around her. There was a cold, sickly feeling that was gathering deep in her belly and it seemed to wash over her skin in regular waves. She actually had to lean down, grab at the duvet and bring it around herself to cut out the fiendish chill and shock.
And then Henrietta Gosling closed her eyes. After a while she brought her hand up and rubbed it over her face, but try as she might, there was no way she was going to erase the memory from last night.
Last night Henrietta, the mild-mannered cafe waitress, had undergone a transformation, and she had trashed her room in the process.
To think yesterday had started off so innocently. In fact, apart from being outrageously late in the morning, Henrietta had almost had a good day. Almost, because around midday things had started to go very pear shaped indeed.
For a good long while, as her grandfather clock ticked in the background, Henrietta just sat there huddled on the edge of her bed. After a bit she poked her hands out from under the duvet and looked them over carefully. She turned them around, staring at the fingers, the palms, the nails. Her hands were undamaged; they looked perfectly fine. Which was a frankly fantastic fact considering what she'd been through last night.
As she sat there, Henrietta gave a huge shudder, even letting out a little gasp. And then she let her eyes shift across the room until she caught sight of the grandfather clock.
‘Dammit,’ Henrietta spat as she jumped to her feet. She was late for work. Again.
But then, just before Henrietta could lean down and grab at the simple black skirt and white shirt she always wore to wait tables, she stopped. Because, seriously, she couldn't consider going to work right now after what she'd gone through. So Henrietta Gosling called in late that day. Instead of waiting tables at the little cafe squeezed between the central police station and the fire station along the main road of town, she periodically sat on the edge of her bed or walked around her room waving a hand at her face and swearing.
 
Yesterday
Henrietta was late. She was currently running down one of the side alleys that cut across town and led to Sizzle Cafe where she worked. Her handbag was jostling around on her shoulder as she ran, and her flat very worn ballet slippers kept on coming undone and almost falling off her feet. Suffice to say, she was in a bad mood.
One look up at the grey clouds gathering above suggested her mood was about to get worse. She had dressed for the summer's day that had been promised to her by the weatherman last night, but apparently he had neglected to mention that there would be a storm thrown into the mix.
As Henrietta rounded a corner and came out onto Main Street, she had to duck to the side quickly to avoid two burly men moving a large couch through the front doors of the furniture store.
One of them asked whether she was in a hurry, but Henrietta didn't have the time to stop and reply. Because hell yes, she was in a hurry.
She had been planning on getting to work early today, so that she could leave early and head over to her sister's for dinner. It wasn't every day that Marcia Gosling invited Henrietta over to tea. Henrietta and her sister weren't exactly on the best of terms either. Marcia was a drop-dead gorgeous, knock-out bombshell, and Henrietta was pretty average, and only if she bothered to put the effort into brushing her unruly hair and ironing her usually unkempt clothes. But their difference in looks didn't account for the two sisters' less-than-perfect relationship, oh no, it had to do with the fact that Marcia had stolen nearly every single boyfriend Henrietta had ever had. First there had been Mark in sixth grade. Literally minutes after Henrietta had kissed him behind the gym, Marcia had gone in and kissed him in full view of everyone in the yard. And then there had been Richard in high school. About a day after Richard had asked her to the dance, Henrietta had seen Marcia walk through the mall with him wearing the man like a handbag as he hung off her arm and gawked at her. And then there had been John. And John had really hurt. John had been Henrietta's boyfriend during her brief flirtation with college. John had been studying engineering. John had already bought himself a house at the tender age of 20. John had prospects, John had intelligence, John had wit, and John had absolutely adorable floppy hair. Several months after meeting Marcia for the first time, Henrietta had come home to the rather crushing view of the two of them on the couch. Seriously, Marcia was that callous, she was that forward, and she was that uncaring. To Marcia it had meant nothing that she had stolen Henrietta's boyfriend. To Marcia, you couldn't possibly take flings seriously, and if you couldn't take them seriously, then what right did Henrietta have to get upset over them?
Henrietta couldn't count the number of times that Marcia had assured her that nothing she had ever done with Henrietta's boyfriends had been serious. Yes, well, Henrietta hadn't always agreed.
But still, Marcia was family. And that did mean that Henrietta had to go over there for dinner tonight. Considering who Marcia was, it also meant that Henrietta had to stop by the fancy delicatessen on the high street and get some fresh, new, white freesias. She would also have to trek all the way across town to get the finest bottle of champagne she could afford. Marcia was very particular about her wine and flowers, and she had actually kicked Henrietta out of her house once for picking up some cheap roses from the supermarket and a carton of beer.
But now that Henrietta was late, it meant that she would have to stay back at the cafe and make up her hours. It also meant that she would be late for Marcia's. And Marcia would probably blow a gasket. No, Marcia would do more than that, Marcia would probably have a full-on shouting match with Henrietta on the porch, and then hop online to tell all of her friends what a beast Henrietta was.
But she was still family.
Henrietta put on a burst of speed, trying to catch the pedestrian light before it flicked to red. She didn't make it though. Just when she considered jaywalking, running across the street and taking her chance with the cars, there was a gruff laugh by her side.
‘I know you're late, Henrietta, but I have to point out to you that breaking the law in front of a policeman is never a good idea.’
Henrietta turned to see Patrick. Patrick Black. The very same Patrick Black who had dated Marcia for almost an entire three months, which was about Marcia's world record for the duration of any relationship.
Patrick Black was tall, handsome, and had the kind of build that could reassure any woman. He was also courteous, and had one of those suspiciously perfect smiles that made you think he had practised for hours and hours in front of the mirror as a teenager.
‘How is your sister?’ he asked automatically before Henrietta could even say hello or protest her innocence and pretend as if jaywalking had never been on her mind.
Henrietta forced her lips to play nice, and she offered Patrick a friendly smile. ‘Oh, you know, Marcia is always Marcia.’
Then Henrietta waited. Because there was only one question that Patrick would ask next. It was the same question he always asked.
His eyes twinkling, yes, actually twinkling as if they were backlit or someone had suddenly forced stardust and candles into his pupils, Patrick widened his smile. But there was a careful edge to it, and his eyes narrowed in interest.
‘No, she isn't seeing anyone,’ Henrietta got there first.
‘Oh,’ Patrick noted. ‘But how did you know . . . ’ he began and then trailed off with a shrug.
Basic experience with the male race, Henrietta wanted to answer. But instead she put a lot of effort into maintaining her smile. She had, after all, just lied to a police officer. Whilst Marcia wasn't seeing anyone seriously, she certainly was seeing men. Yes, men—more than one—because Marcia tended to play the field all at once. To her, the idea of having simply one boyfriend at any given time was boring. Why juggle with one pin, when you can juggle with 10?
‘So, how is—’ Patrick began.
But once again Henrietta got there first. It was somewhat of a habit of hers. If she knew what someone was going to say, then she'd jump right in there. Marcia called it painfully irritating, and more than once Henrietta's father had clapped her around the ears for it. Nobody liked a smart ass, after all. But unless Patrick was about to take a turn, Henrietta really doubted the strapping police officer was going to punch her lights out just for butting in. ‘Dad is fine, so is Mum.’ Henrietta gave a nod, several strands of her unkempt and almost gnarled-looking red hair flopping in front of her face.
Once again Patrick gave a light, friendly chuckle, though his eyebrows did narrow, and it almost looked like a wince at the end. ‘Am I really that predictable?’
There was a beeping from behind her, and Henrietta turned to see that the pedestrian light was finally flashing green. She turned back to Patrick for a moment, shrugged her shoulders, brought her hands out wide, and then nodded her head. ‘Sorry, Patrick, but one of these days you'll have to ask me about quantum physics or how my pot plants are, just to break the mould.’
With that Henrietta Gosling walked across the street leaving the confused Patrick Black to figure out what she'd just said.
Which was another problem that Marcia had always been at pains to point out to Henrietta. Henrietta didn't make sense. She made statements that were all over the place, that made a hash of sayings, that were frankly bizarre, that didn't mean anything to anyone other than Henrietta herself. In Henrietta's defence, however, it wasn't quite her fault; she just liked to talk out loud. Sometimes not at people, just at the universe at large. She would mumble as she was cleaning up her house, sing to herself or comment on the roses as she was walking up the front path to collect her mail. She would talk to people in queues, and comment on their rings or their shirts or their shoes. It seemed that Henrietta needed a constant level of background banter otherwise she would go mad. Of course, Marcia had pointed out that probably meant Henrietta already was mad.
When Henrietta finally made it through the beautiful sanded-down, rustic-looking doors of Sizzle Cafe, it was already 9:35 in the morning. And the second her soft ballet shoes had made it onto the polished floorboards, was the second that the cafe's owner, a diminutive Italian woman by the name of Maria, came whirling out of the back room, her teeth clenched as she roughly handled the string of white pearls around her neck.
It was never a good sign when Maria was manhandling her favourite set of pearls. For a woman that loved style and elegance as much as Maria did to take out her frustration on her necklace meant that she was barely holding herself back from doing the same thing to Henrietta.
Henrietta gave her most apologetic grimace as Maria rounded on her.
‘Late again,’ Maria said, her lilting Italian accent making the words sound lovely, despite how clearly angry they were. ‘If you weren't the best barista I have, Henrietta, I would have fired you yesterday.’
Henrietta gave a shrug, which was probably the wrong thing to do. In her defence, it had been an apologetic shrug, but to Maria it probably looked as if Henrietta couldn't care less about the fact her boss was telling her off.
The Italian woman's perfectly made-up face stiffened, and her beautiful skin paled. Her eyes narrowed too.
Henrietta instantly put her hands up. The very last thing she wanted was to get an ear bashing from her boss right in the middle of the cafe. It wouldn't be good for customers, and it would be terrible for her already poor reputation. Because yes, Henrietta had a reputation in this town. And it wasn't just on account of her sister and the fact that any man who ever dated Henrietta would end up on the couch with Marcia in under a week. No, it was because Henrietta often failed at anything she tried. Which was a horrible track record, but in a way, it was true. Henrietta had tried going to college, but she'd failed at that. She'd tried opening her own Cafe, but she'd stuffed that up too. She had even opened up a florists, but it had gone bust within three months. Henrietta had tried learning to be a dressmaker, but the school she had gone to had quickly gone bankrupt. Then Henrietta had tried to become a travel agent, but the travel agency had been closed down because of suspicious business practices only two weeks after Henrietta had joined.
Henrietta was unlucky, not just in love, but in business, in work, in anything.
But at least she wasn't glum about it. Somehow, impossibly, she still had an upbeat personality. Life seemed to kick her in the dust every other Tuesday, but Henrietta would always pick herself up, brush herself off, force a smile, and continue on. But forcing a smile now just made her look manic and unapologetic to her furious Italian boss.
So instead Henrietta tried to reel in her natural enthusiasm, pressed her lips together in what she hoped was a concerned look, and nodded her head several times as Maria continued to berate her, though thankfully in a low voice that did not carry through the shop.
When it was finally over, Henrietta took a massive sigh, dodged around the two gigantic fireman who were treating themselves to a late breakfast, and then she got to work.
She dumped her bag in the back room, grabbed her apron, and pushed her way back into the cafe.
It was a beautiful building; Maria had done a fine job in decorating it, and the woman's natural flair for style could be seen in every detail. It had a rustic but decidedly Mediterranean edge to it. The tables were made out of old, thick oak doors that had been sanded down, and the lampshades dotted around the store were made from cast iron pots and pans. There were beautifully detailed blue, white, red, and gold tiles inlaid into the mahogany benches, and there were fresh cut flowers in vases around the room. Even though it was a mishmash of styles, it all came together nicely.
As Henrietta set herself up behind the whopping great imported Italian coffee machine, she looked up and through the massive plate-glass windows at the front of the store. The sky was now clear.
Henrietta's lips twitched to the side and into a thin frown. When she had run from her door this morning, the sky had been spitting and the wind had been picking up. Yet now the sky was clear, there was hardly a breeze, and everyone walking out on the street was happy under the sun.
It figured. After all, Henrietta was an unlucky girl.
It wasn't until about 12:30 that anything interesting happened that day. Just as Henrietta was making an espresso for the Fire Chief, she looked up to see a very strange-looking person entering the store.
It was an odd moment too. Just before she looked up, Henrietta felt such a peculiar, tingling sensation pass across the skin on the back of her neck. It was slight, it was sudden, and it was quick. It was over in the blink of an eye, but it had already served its purpose; Henrietta had looked up at just the right moment. The stranger by the door had flashed her a smile. It wasn't a dashing smile, it wasn't the kind of smile that Patrick Black would have practised his entire teenage life in front of the mirror. No, it was an awkward, ungainly, somewhat graceless smile. And yet it held promise.
Blinking, Henrietta surveyed the stranger. It was a man, but it was impossible to guess his age or race. He could have been anywhere from his early 20s to his late 30s. He had the kind of face that looked like it could never age, but that couldn't be said for his clothes. He was probably just under 6 foot, but his clothes looked as though they had been made for a man twice his size; they hung off him in great swathes of fabric, and they were a very strange and unfamiliar design. Over the top, somewhat amusingly, he was wearing a full-length leather jacket. He almost looked like someone out of a movie, maybe a vampire hunter or something just as ridiculous, except one that was wearing hand-me-down clothes from a giant. He had a wide, large face, and that was about all that could be said for it. His features were very nondescript. He didn't have the kind of handsome face that would set him out from the crowd, in fact he didn't have any feature that was worth noting at all. He looked normal, painfully normal. He had a nose, rather drab brown eyes, and far too much stubble collecting over his chin and top lip.
He looked out of place. Seriously out of place. He kept on giving rather nervous glances to his left and right, almost as if he was expecting the tables to rise up and eat him.
In fact, it took several moments for the man to take another hesitant step into the room, and it wasn't until he finally took a breath, thumbing his nose with his left hand and giving his shoulders a shake, that he seemed to calm down.
Henrietta yanked her hand back as the hot water she was using to clean the coffee machine suddenly spilled out and splashed over her.
It forced her to look down for a moment, and when she looked up, using her apron to dry her hand, the guy wasn't there any more.
But he hadn't disappeared in a flash of smoke or anything so fantastic. No, he had just wandered off to the bathroom.
Then he wandered back out again several minutes later. For a while, once again, he just stood there in the middle of the cafe, looking at every body rather suspiciously, and then he just left. He didn't order a coffee, he didn't order a panini, and he didn't even ask for a glass of water. No, he just used the bathroom and stared suspiciously at people for a while before heading back out of the store.
Henrietta had to admit that weird people walked off the street all the time, but for some reason this guy had caught her imagination, and she had found herself craning her neck to watch him as he walked across the street outside.
‘Henrietta, hello, Henrietta.’
Henrietta blinked, snapped her head forward, and realised she was ignoring one of the customers. Except this wasn't any old customer. This wasn't any ordinary man. Oh no, it was Jimmy Field, perhaps the hottest man in the whole of the city. He was strapping, he was handsome, and he had the kind of body that probably looked fantastic when covered in oil. He was always December when it came to the nude calendar the fire station did each year for charity. Though by nude, you never actually saw anything; there was always hoses and fire hats in the way. But still, Jimmy Field was Mr December. He was also currently dating Marcia. Though Marcia was also dating about nine other men, Henrietta knew her sister was actually proud of the fact she had gotten the attention of Mr December.
Jimmy turned around in his chair, probably to check where Henrietta had been staring off to. Henrietta blinked, snapped her head forward, and realised she was ignoring one of the customers.
‘Oh, sorry, nothing, a bird caught my eye,’ Henrietta lied badly. A bird caught her eye? What kind of excuse was that?
But Jimmy just nodded solemnly, as if birds caught his eye all the time . . . which they probably did, but only if bird was being used as a euphemism for women. Then he grinned. And Henrietta knew exactly what was coming next. Just as Jimmy opened his mouth, Henrietta got there first. ‘She is fine. So is mum, and so is dad.’
For a second Jimmy got the same confused look on his face that Patrick Black had that morning. ‘How did you know what I was going to say?’ He offered her the kind of smile that pushed up his cheeks and yet managed to show off the hard line of his jawbone.
She shrugged and tried to look affable. But while she did she tried not to look too hard at Jimmy's arms. Because, seriously, the guy was a fireman. He had the kind of arms that would knock old ladies out with a single look.
‘All right, what am I going to say next then?’ Jimmy asked through a laugh.
Henrietta paused for a moment, and she glanced around the room as she did, trying to look mystical as if she was conjuring up the future. ‘Jimmy Field, you are about to say—here, have a tip.’
Jimmy laughed, reached into his pocket, and grabbed a piece of gum, offering it to her. ‘Here, Henrietta, have a tip.’
Henrietta accepted the gum, but raised an eyebrow. ‘Jimmy, this is not a Home Alone movie. In the real world, we use money.’
Jimmy shrugged, those beautiful, beautiful arms of his peeping out from under his tight and sooty white t-shirt. ‘Sorry, Henni, but I don't have any coins.’
Henrietta took the gum and put it into the pocket of her apron. Then she watched as Jimmy brought out his mobile and proceeded to call her sister, planning to hook up for the weekend.
Whilst Marcia would get to enjoy the hottest fireman in town, Henrietta was going to spend her weekend cleaning out her woodshed. Some things just weren't fair. Especially where Henrietta was concerned.
Henrietta didn't have long to mull over her bad luck. Because it was then that she took a quick break to go into the bathroom. And a funny thing happened while Henrietta was in the bathroom. The door caught fire.
Chapter Two
Henrietta patted down her skirt just as she started to smell smoke. It was slight at first, but then it became thick quick and fast. With a shuddering blink, Henrietta turned towards the door and noted that smoke was now billowing into the bathroom from underneath it, through the keyhole, even through the cracks in the side near the hinges.
Her heart began to beat quicker, and she coughed into the palm of her hand. She took a step backwards from the door, staring at it in disbelief.
That would be when the wood started to sizzle and crackle.
It all happened so fast, so alarmingly fast. From the moment Henrietta first smelt the smoke to the moment she stared on in horror as flames engulfed it, couldn't have been more than 10 seconds. Even though Henrietta's fear-addled mind was in no position to note hard facts at that moment, even she could appreciate that few fires travelled with such speed unless helped by petrol or the like.
If Henrietta had been even more observant, she would also have noted the very pale but still discernible symbol that had just disappeared from underneath the door.
It took her several more frightened, panic-ridden seconds before she bothered to scream. It was as if her mind was far too caught up by the surprise of being locked in the dunny by a flaming door to bother with calling for help just yet. But then something clicked, Henrietta stumbled backwards until her legs were pressed up against the porcelain of the toilet, and she screamed. By god did she scream. But by that stage she could already hear people shouting on the other side, not to mention the familiar call of the fire truck.
Hell, considering Sizzle Cafe was squeezed between the police station and the fire station, help was not far away. In fact, the back wall of the toilet was actually shared with the fire station itself.
But, notwithstanding how close to help she was, Henrietta still had a flaming door in front of her. The bathroom wasn't so narrow that she was pressed up right against it, the heat of the fire sizzling her skin. Still, Henrietta quickly found herself choking on the smoke, and soon enough she grabbed a hand towel near the basin, covered it in water, and crammed it over her mouth. By that time, the door was practically a raging inferno and yet, somehow the heat that should have been there wasn't. Even though Henrietta was pressed up against the opposite wall, with her back crammed into the nook just between the toilet and the cistern, she would have been close enough to feel the heat buffeting against her skin. But it wasn't there. It was as if the fire was somehow burning cold.
Henrietta didn't have long to entertain that strange and alarming thought; the thick smoke was still making her choke, even though she pressed the wet towel right up over her mouth and nose.
Henrietta had always had her fair share of accidents. She had been somewhat of an unlucky child, an unlucky adolescent, and an unlucky adult. She had been rushed to the hospital many times for bumps, scrapes, broken bones, and even rare tropical infections. But she had never yet been in a fire. There was a first time for everything though, and it was time to add another extremely unlucky accident to her long list.
It was when she was pressed up next to the cistern, crumpling her body down as much as she could, covering as much of her face and mouth and nose as was possible with the wet hand towel, that she found it. And what it was was a small package. As her elbow twitched to the side at one point, just as there was a horrendous whooshing sound as the door somehow erupted into yet more flames, she dislodged something. A small manila package tumbled out from behind the cistern, and banged her on the foot. Even in the chaos and the smoke, she noted it; it caught her eye. Because it had Henrietta written across the top in a very strange scrawl. Just as she reached out a shaking hand to pick up the packet, she finally heard the firemen kick into gear on the other side of the door. There was a fantastic splashing and sizzling sound as the water started to chase back the flames, and the wood actually shuddered under the impact.
For a moment Henrietta paid no attention to it. For a moment she completely forgot that she was stuck quite embarrassingly in the bathroom as the door had caught fire. Because at that moment only one thing could capture her attention. The small manila packet with her name written across the top.
The only way to describe it was that she was attracted to it. And the attraction was electric, magnetic, impossible to ignore. As Henrietta stared at it, smoke filling the room as she did, all sorts of strange sensations began to rush through her body. Cold snaps, tight shivers, and exciting little tingles.
Then, just as fast as it had occurred, it stopped, and Henrietta Gosling remembered exactly where she was and exactly what was happening.
For good measure she screamed again for help, though her voice was horribly muffled as it had to push through the wet towel in front of her face.
Even though she wasn't fully aware of it, as she began to pay far more attention to the raging inferno in front of her, one of her hands clutched onto the manila packet tightly. So tightly, in fact that it would have taken a great tug from her other hand just to get the package free again.
Not long after that, the door was finally kicked in, the fire began to abate, and Jimmy Field rushed into the room. Being the large, capable firemen he was, he found Henrietta huddling in the corner, lifted her up into his arms, and he carried her out of the room.
That was how Henrietta Gosling had spent her lunchtime. She spent the afternoon however in emergency being treated for smoke inhalation. Then she spent a good chunk of the early evening trying to explain to her sister how it wasn't that embarrassing to be caught in a bathroom while it was on fire.
It wasn't until Henrietta got all the way home to her small sweet little house that she realised the packet was still in her hand. Somehow she had held it all day long. Somehow even when she was in the hospital they hadn't taken it off her. Even when she had been carried by Jimmy out of the burnt remains of the cafe bathroom, she had held onto it. Somehow as she had wandered over to tell Marcia in person what had happened, Henrietta had still managed to keep a firm grip on the packet. And when she was finally inside the door of her own house, she realised just how odd that was.
But it wasn't until later that night that her world truly started to implode. If she had thought that having an embarrassing toilet fire in the middle of the day was bad enough, then Henrietta had been truly unprepared for what would happen next.
Chapter Three
When Henrietta had gotten inside the door from her terrible, horrible day, and realised that the strange packet was still in her hand, she had placed it down on the table that was in her hallway, and then she’d stared at it very carefully. The memory of finding it tucked up under the cistern had flooded back through her mind, and it sent such a sharp shiver through her stomach, that she actually had to clamp a hand down to her belly to relax it.
Even more than the package itself, and more than the fact her name was written across the top so clearly, it was the hand writing that got her attention. It seemed different somehow, it seemed to have a certain energy and promise behind it, but one that Henrietta could not even guess at this stage.
For a good five minutes Henrietta just stood there and stared at the package. Was it meant to be some kind of joke? She doubted that; the handwriting . . . it was just so different.
But as Henrietta stood there, her mind whirling through the possibilities of what the package was and what it could hold, something started to sizzle. Even though her smoke-addled nostrils were already far too burnt and overworked from her ordeal that day, she started to notice the smoke slowly curling up from underneath the manila-coloured cardboard.
With a kick of fear that sent a violent twitch through her shoulders, Henrietta grabbed at the package, knocking it off her wooden dresser in an instant. And just as she did, she noted the burn mark starting to appear on the wood.
She backed off, her footfall quick and erratic as she stared at the package on the floor. It was no longer smoking, and fortunately the wood of the dresser now seemed fine also.
It was a lie to say that Henrietta could hear her pulse banging around in her ears; it was practically rocketing, thundering even. And her breath was short and sharp, her chest punching out quick and tight against her white work shirt.
She stared at the packet on her carpet where she had knocked it to, and she looked at it with perfect wariness. It didn't suddenly burst into flames, and neither did the carpet. Not taking any chances though, Henrietta quickly rushed to her kitchen and grabbed a fire extinguisher she had installed by the cooker. She rushed back into her hallway and stood over the packet with the nozzle of the fire extinguisher extended towards it for a few minutes. When nothing happened, she finally let out a sigh that shifted through her shoulders, and she gradually put the fire extinguisher down. Then, bottling up a huge, deep, reassuring breath in her chest, she got down on her hands and knees and she looked at the packet.
Finally, with a jolly good wince, she brought out her hands and she grabbed it. Even though she flinched, the cardboard didn't burn her; it wasn't even warm to touch. In fact, it felt entirely normal.
That was when Henrietta Gosling got the courage to open it up. She carefully sat down, bringing her knees in, and then, as slowly as she could, she ripped into the manila packet. The sound of it tearing seemed to fill the corridor. 
Soon enough she had torn a hole in the top of it, then she turned it over gently, giving it a shake to dislodge whatever was inside.
A hatpin fell out. Yes, a hatpin.
For a good while Henrietta just sat there on her bottom and she stared at it.
There was no note, no message, just a fairly drab-looking hatpin. The only reason Henrietta knew it was a hatpin, was that her grandmother had once worn them, fastening her hats to her equally unruly hair.
Henrietta wasn't usually one for overreaction. Even though she was entirely unlucky, and tended to face the kind of accidents that would make any normal person cringe, she was undeniably positive, and more than that, she liked to keep firm control of her fear. She didn't like the idea of overreacting to any little thing; she hated drama. Marcia, on the other hand, loved drama, and Henrietta was always careful to keep herself differentiated from her sister.
But at that moment, she found it quite hard not to get dramatic. Why on earth had there been a strange manila packet tucked in behind the cistern of the toilet in Sizzle Cafe with her name on it? And why did it have something as innocuous as a hatpin inside?
These were obviously questions that Henrietta could not answer, and, what was more, they were questions that probably no one could answer. Because, for all Henrietta knew, perhaps the manila envelope had not been addressed to her at all. Perhaps it was intended for some other Henrietta. A Henrietta who was desperately after a hatpin, and didn't mind if she had to pick it up from a public bathroom.
Still, for a good while Henrietta just sat there on her hallway runner, the bare skin of her legs scratching against the carpet. And she stared at that pin, and she wondered what the hell it could mean. 
Eventually Henrietta got over it. With an enormous sigh that rattled all the way through her chest, and even seemed to reverberate down the hall, she pushed herself to her feet. Then she did the only thing she could think of, the only thing that could possibly make the day better, and she hopped in the shower.
It was when Henrietta was shampooing her hair that she smelt the smoke.
Yes, more smoke. Once again it took her a while to notice it; her nose really did feel raw and cracked from her ordeal at lunchtime. But when she caught a whiff of the scent of burning wood, her body gave such a jolt that she almost fell over her taps. But as quickly as she could, she flung open the shower door, jumped out, and didn't even bother grabbing a towel. She just ran like the wind down the hall of her house until she reached the hatpin. It was smoking. Thick wisps of smoke were tracking along the carpet and around the sides, curling up and starting to fill through the hall. In another second the smoke alarm in her kitchen began to blare loudly.
But Henrietta did not race to get the fire extinguisher that she had left there sitting behind the dresser table, not too far from the offending hatpin. She didn't race, because there was something else in her hallway. To be precise, a man. And to be more precise than that, the very same strange-looking, leather-jacket-wearing man who had wandered into Sizzle Cafe at lunchtime, only bothering to go to the bathroom, and never stopping to order anything.
For a moment Henrietta just froze there, her body and hair still dripping, and she didn't even bother to clutch her hands around herself to give herself a semblance of decency.
But then the shock passed.
‘Get out, get out, get out,’ she screamed over and over again, finally clutching her hands around herself and trying to duck into an open doorway just to her side.
Her carpet was still smoking, and in another moment there was a worrying whooshing sound, and the damn thing caught fire.
The man in the leather jacket, even though he was standing barely half-a-meter from the flames, didn't bother to move. He just kept on standing there, though his face did crumple into a confused look.
‘Get out,’ Henrietta screamed again, this time clutching the first thing she could grab, which happened to be a heavy book on Swedish verbs, and then twisted around to throw it right at the man's head.
Henrietta's aim was very poor, and rather than hit the man, it fell on top of the flaming rug.
‘Excuse me,’ the man said, as if Henrietta had just been thoroughly rude.
‘Get out,’ Henrietta screamed again, her voice pitching high as desperation took over. Not only did she have a home invader, the fire along her carpet was starting to pick up, burning with more ferocity as the wood underneath began to roar and crackle.
‘Why have you left your wand against wood when I specifically told you not to?’ the man asked, crossing his arms, the leather of his jacket creaking around the move.
Still hiding herself in the doorway, Henrietta looked around her for just a moment as she grabbed up another book, this one on French architecture, and tried to fling it at him again. Once again Henrietta's aim was terrible, and she managed to hit the fire extinguisher instead, toppling it over and making it roll towards the flames. If Henrietta kept on trying to throw things at him, it seemed she would end up taking the rest of the house with her.
But seriously, she wasn't going to stop, because there was a creepy man in an exceedingly creepy leather jacket standing in her hallway talking about hatpins.
‘I told you explicitly that if you put it near wood, the wood will burn,’ the man said, an authoritative edge to his voice.
‘I don't know what you're talking about,’ Henrietta screamed at him, grabbing another book yet again.
‘I clearly wrote on the inside of that packet that if you leave your transformation wand near any type of wood, eventually the wood will burst into magical flames. And look, you have completely ignored me,’ the man pointed out as he shook his head and looked clearly disappointed.
Good god, he was mad. If Henrietta didn't need any more evidence of the man's lunacy, considering his dress sense, then his talk of magical flames and transformation wands was the nail in the coffin. A very quick wave of nausea ran over Henrietta, and it was a very specific kind, it was the kind of sudden worry you get when you realise the person next to you is unhinged, deeply, deeply unhinged. It's the kind of alarm you feel at the prospect that very soon you might get carved up by the loony standing in your hallway.
‘Just get out, please, get out,’ Henrietta pleaded, her voice desperate as she pressed her wet and naked body up against the door frame.
‘Now why would I get out? I have only just found you. I have been looking for you for entirely too long, and I am not about to leave now,’ the man pointed out, his voice quite plain and his tone even, suggesting he was entirely calm with the fact the rug he was standing on was completely on fire.
Which was the other thing: the man was standing so close to the flames now that the heat from them should be burning his skin, and yet he seemed entirely unfazed by it.
‘Are you just going to stand there, dripping against your wall, or are you going to come and put this fire out?’ The man now crossed his arms tighter, that leather jacket of his creaking even more.
The smoke from the fire was now so thick and billowing that Henrietta was starting to choke again, and she had to slam her wet and dripping palm over her mouth to try to protect herself from it.
For all Henrietta knew, if she darted out into the hallway, snapped up the fire extinguisher and tried to douse her flaming carpet, the loony on her rug would take the opportunity to kidnap her on the spot.
So instead she began to back off, finally darting out of her lounge room, back into the hallway, and then choosing to turn and run to the kitchen. As she passed the open bathroom door, she grabbed at the robe over the back of it, and swung it over herself, shrugging into it as her feet pounded over the hallway floor.
Finally she reached the kitchen, and she grabbed a hand onto the doorway, using it to pivot herself so she didn't give up any speed as she raced into the room.
Instantly her eyes snapped over to the knife rack, though there was a second of doubt in her mind. Henrietta Gosling really wasn't the kind of girl to grab up a kitchen knife and threaten a home invader. She was more the kind of girl to fling open the kitchen door and run like crazy until she could get the neighbours to call the police.
So just as quickly as she looked at the knife rack, Henrietta turned and headed for the door.
Except there was a problem. The man was now somehow in front of it. She had left him in the hallway, and she had run the whole way to the kitchen, only pausing to grab her towelling robe, and yet somehow, somehow he was now in front of her.
It was such a shock that Henrietta brought herself to a stuttering stop, using her hands to grab onto the kitchen table to steady herself so she didn't fly face-first into the guy.
She must have looked like a surprised fish, as her mouth was so far open, her jaw so slack, that if she had been in any other circumstance, she would probably have laughed at herself. But there was no time to laugh at anything now; not when there was a creepy home invader rushing around her house at the speed of light.
Her mouth still open, Henrietta backed off from the kitchen table.
‘If you keep your mouth open like that for too long, a spider may crawl inside,’ the man pointed out, his voice matter-of-fact.
It was about the creepiest thing that Henrietta had ever heard. It gave her a full-body shiver, and she clutched a hand quickly onto the collar of her towelling robe, pulling it around herself tighter and tighter.
Then she turned on her foot, and ran out of the kitchen, heading back to the hallway.
Except when she got to the flaming rug, it was no longer on fire, and what was more, the man was standing on it again.
It was the same man, it had to be. It was the same leather jacket, the same scuffed boots, the same overly-large clothes, and the same thick stubble. It was even the same slightly bemused and bored expression.
Henrietta started to shake, and it was a bad, shuddering type of shake. It was the kind of shivering that she just couldn't control, the kind of quick snapped movements the body gave when it was dealing with the most horrible of shocks.
She began to back off again, except now her heart was beating so quickly in her chest that it was sending an awfully cold sensation through her neck and lungs.
She stumbled, keeping her eyes on the man, her mind reeling with surprise and fear.
‘What's happening?’ she asked out loud, voice so tight it sounded like a whisper.
‘We are getting to know one another,’ the man pointed out with a shrug. ‘As we will be spending a lot of time with each other in the future, it is natural to spend some time introducing ourselves.’ The man actually gave a low nod at that.
Getting to know one another, spending a lot of time with each other in the future, yes, that was all kinds of creepy. It told Henrietta that there was no doubt that this crazy, ninja-quick home invader wanted to kidnap her.
So Henrietta started to scream, and it was loud and very desperate, the kind of keening cry that no one could mistake for a joke.
The man looked at her nonplussed for a moment, and then he cleared his throat. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked after a while.
Henrietta didn't stop screaming. ‘Please, please, just leave. I won't call the police, I won't tell them what you've done, just leave.’
Once again the man looked mildly bemused, but that was it. He didn't start cackling, and neither did he surge forward, bring out rope, and tie Henrietta up, finally getting down to kidnapping her. No, he just stood there and looked relatively calm about things.
‘I do hope you are not this emotional when it comes to fighting,’ he pointed out after another moment.
Oh god, Henrietta had to admit that was the creepiest thing he could possibly have said. He hoped she wouldn't be this emotional when she was fighting? Did this mean that the man had every intention to kidnap her and use her for some kind of cage fight? Was that a thing? Did men in leather jackets kidnap confused women and force them onto the boxing circuit?
As Henrietta stood there, her knuckles white as she clutched onto the collar and waist of her bath robe, her imagination ran wild.
‘After it has taken so long to find you, I had hoped you would be everything that legend promised,’ the man said, but as he spoke, he narrowed his eyes and appeared to appraise Henrietta with a look that clearly said he wasn't impressed. ‘But I must admit, unless you are acting, you do not seem like a brave and capable warrior woman.’
‘Warrior woman?’ Henrietta repeated his words, the disbelief constricting her voice.
The man nodded. ‘Warrior woman,’ he confirmed.
It was all too much. The entire scene, what was happening, what he was saying, it was all too bizarre, too strange, too unbelievable. So in that moment Henrietta made a rather pathetic choking noise, and hot, fat, salty tears began to stream down her face.
If the man had looked unimpressed before, now he looked thoroughly disdainful. ‘You are actually crying?’ he asked, an accusatory note in his voice.
Yes, of course she was crying. She had just had a big day, and to top it all off, it appeared like she would be kidnapped and forced into cage fighting. So yes, she was crying, because she had a lot to cry about.
But the more the hot, sticky tears trickled down her face, the less and less impressed the man looked.
‘Well how long are you planning on crying for? Because we have a busy night ahead of us. I have already located a witch, and unless we deal with it, we will be remiss of our duties. And if we are remiss of our duties, the Sacred Balance will be affected, and if the Sacred Balance is affected, well,’ he took a heavy and pointed breath, ‘then the universe will cease to exist.’
The universe will cease to exist?
Once again Henrietta began to whimper. This man was completely and utterly insane.
‘You are whimpering now, but you have stopped crying, does that mean that you are finally ready to go and transform?’ the man asked, his eyes still narrowed as he looked on at her carefully.
Henrietta wanted to run away, she desperately wanted to turn on her foot, head to the kitchen, erupt out her back door, and then run like the wind until she could call the police.
But she fancied that if she tried it, somehow the man would simply appear at her kitchen door again.
‘You're planning on trying to run again, are you?’ he stated, as if he was reading her mind.
Henrietta took an enormous swallow and began to back off a little.
This caused the man to shake his head in obvious disappointment. ‘I have been training all my life for this,’ he kept on shaking his head, ‘I was promised a warrior woman, a witch hunter, and all I get is an emotional woman past her prime.’
That caused Henrietta to choke back her tears for a moment. ‘Excuse me, past my prime?’ I'm still in my 20’s!’
‘The man looked at her cynically. ‘Most witch hunters of old were 16. It is a good age for witch hunting,’ he nodded to himself, as if he was agreeing with his own point.
‘Just get out of my house,’ Henrietta tried again, but this time her voice was a great deal firmer. Maybe it was the snide comment about her being past her prime, or maybe it was the fact that she was calming down enough to get a handle on her fear.
‘I have already told you, I can't do that; I am your witch watcher, I am here to guide you along the path. I am here to deliver your transformation wand, and I am here to help you do what is necessary.’ He actually nodded low with that, and it was quite a notable move. It was slow and delicate, and seemed to belie a great deal of respect. But it was a respect that was not mutual; because, seriously, the guy was a home invader. Still, it did give Henrietta pause for thought.
‘Who are you?’ she asked carefully and slowly, never letting go of her bath robe for one second as she anchored her hands on it.
He watched her for a moment. ‘You really have no idea, do you?’ he asked through a heavy sigh.
She shook her head.
‘Okay, well be sure to listen carefully this time. My name is Brick, I am a warrior monk. I grew up in a warrior monastery, with my warrior monk brethren. When I came of age, I was given a holy task. And my holy task was to watch over a witch hunter,’ he nodded her way.
‘Sorry, Brick? Is that really your name?’ she asked as she looked at him with narrowed eyes. Of all the things he had just said, of all the crazy he had just spouted, for some reason the possibility that his name was Brick trumped it all.
Brick looked on at her with very pressed and narrowed eyes. It was as if he was challenging her to make something of it, and when she didn't immediately start laughing, he cleared his throat. ‘Do not interrupt me.’ He paused for a moment, as if giving her the opportunity to try it on to see what would happen next. But when she just kept on staring at him with an open mouth, he eventually continued. ‘It took me some years to find you, but now I'm here, it's time we start to get down to business. We have a lot of witches to hunt, and you have a lot of training to undergo,’ he admitted through a heavy and laboured sigh. ‘But now I have introduced myself, it's time for you to take up your transformation wand, get changed into something more magical, and go out and fight the witches.’
Henrietta simply blinked at him; it was all she could do. She couldn't think of an intelligent reply, and she couldn't even think of a semi-stupid question to ask. All she could do was blink; she could not process what he had just said. It was all fanciful, all fantastic, and all entirely impossible.
But as Brick watched her with an expectant look on his face, Henrietta soon realised she had to react in some way. So despite the fact he was a creepy home invader, she shrugged her shoulders back and began to laugh.
‘Okay, sure thing, Brick. But I have another idea. How about I call the police, and you get the hell out of my house?’
Brick scrunched up his brow and looked quizzical, as if he was thinking over that possibility, and then he shook his head. ‘You are not an active listener,’ he pointed out with a shake of his head. ‘You seem to have ignored everything I have just told you. I have a sacred imperative to help you fight the witches, so I am going to pass up on your offer to get the hell out of your house. Instead I am going to teach you how to transform with your transformation wand, and then you are going to go out and fight the witches.’
It was Henrietta's turn to shake her head, and she did a thorough good demonstration of it.
Her wet and dripping hair sent trickles of water playing down her neck and back, and several droplets even splattered onto the wall beside her.
Brick gave a heavy sigh. ‘We do not have much time, Warrior Woman Henrietta, we really must get some witch hunting done before the night is through. After all, recognise that these are dangerous creatures, and if left alone, the witches will bring much misery and destruction.’
Henrietta kept on shaking her head.
‘Why are you shaking your head?’ Brick asked after a moment. ‘Are you denying the fact that the witches are one of the most dangerous and insidious enemies on the planet?’ He crossed his arms and got a very stern look on his face at that point, as if he was ready to argue strenuously that the witches were indeed a horrible and powerful threat.
‘You are mad,’ Henrietta admitted softly.
Brick's eyebrows crumpled. ‘I am mad? You're standing there, as a Warrior Woman, ignoring your duty, and simply dripping water onto your floor.’
‘Why don't you just get out of my house, Brick?’
Brick paused for a moment, shrugged his shoulders, shook his head, and then took a massive sigh. ‘I see I am going to have to give you a demonstration. Very well then.’ And with that Brick reached a hand into his leather jacket, and somehow pulled out a massive crossbow. It was huge, and couldn't possibly have fitted into the pocket of his jacket, and yet he whisked it out, and the moment he did, Henrietta shuddered back from shock.
‘Please, please, please don't,’ she began to stutter as the surprise shot through her.
‘Don't what?’ Brick asked, clearly confused. But before he could wait for Henrietta to answer, he did something.
He shot the roof.
He brought the crossbow up, directed the top of it towards the ceiling, and then he fired. But no bolt came streaming from the crossbow. Instead it was a surge of blue energy and flame.
Henrietta screamed, clutching a hand to her chest, whimpering as she stumbled back, feet snagging on the carpet and sending her tumbling to the ground.
But she didn't sit there on the carpet frozen in fear for too long, instead she began to crawl backwards, eyes still locked on the strange blue flame playing over her ceiling.
Though it looked immensely powerful, it didn't seem to be burning through the plaster. Instead it had somehow formed a strange mandala, circular-like pattern, with all sorts of strange symbols playing around the edges. And it was around this that the flames and electricity crackled.
It was certainly something Henrietta had never seen before in her life, because it was definitely something that should have been impossible. Crossbows shoot bolts, they do not shoot mysterious blue flames and symbols.
Henrietta shuddered and screamed and whimpered, but no matter how much she did, the symbols and flames on the roof did not disappear. And yet neither did the ceiling burst into flames. Once again, somehow, despite the fact the mandala of flames was large and was taking up a great circumference, the flames were cold. No heat issued off them. In fact, the temperature felt entirely normal.
Henrietta stared at the spectre; she couldn't drag her eyes from it.
‘How do you like the demonstration? Do you feel ready to go to fight the witches yet?’ Brick asked quickly.
Henrietta simply kept on scampering backwards. ‘What's happening, what is happening, what's happening?’
Brick brought his crossbow down, looked it over, and gave an easy shrug. ‘It's nothing to worry about. It's just a magical magnification field, used to increase the effect of magic practised within it.’ He paused for a moment, obviously watching her expression. ‘It won't damage your ceiling,’ he assured her after a moment.
‘Why is this? What are you? Who am I? What's happening?’ Henrietta could not form a coherent sentence, she couldn't push her words out, she couldn't force her thoughts to make sense. All she could do was stare at those strange, playing, blue flames.
‘Why is this happening to you?’ Brick appeared to try and finish off her thoughts. I have already told you that, just as I have already told you who I am and who you are. All that is left is for you to pick up your magical transformation wand, write the word ‘witch hunter’ clearly in front of you, and be sure to dodge all your furniture whilst the process takes hold. Then we will go out and fight the witches.’ Brick ticked off the list on his large, thick, scarred fingers.
Henrietta didn't move, she fixated on the strange blue, flaming symbols on her ceiling until they finally dissipated.
Brick appeared to be patient for a while, but then started to tap his foot. ‘Warrior Woman Henrietta, we do not have much time. I assure you, there are already witches in this town, and we must begin our sacred task of eliminating them this very night.’
Henrietta tore her gaze from the ceiling and locked it on to Brick. ‘I just . . . .’
Brick plunged his hand into the pocket of his leather jacket, and pulled out a large, heavy, leather Akubra hat, despite the fact the hat couldn't possibly have fit into his pocket in the first place. He tugged it onto his head and then nodded down at Henrietta. Then he pushed his hand into his pocket again and brought out the hatpin.
For some reason the second Henrietta looked at it, that horrible sick feeling returned to her. She even gave a rather violent shudder.
Brick noted the move and nodded his head in approval. Then he walked over to her and handed her the hatpin.
She didn't run away from him, she didn't even stumble backwards. She just looked at the hatpin and shivered.
‘Take it, Warrior Woman Henrietta, and finally grasp hold of your destiny.’
Her lips wobbled at the word destiny, and that sick feeling kept on collecting within her belly.
For a while Brick stood there, the hatpin still in his hand as he held it out for her to take. But when it became obvious that she wasn't going to play along, Brick rolled his eyes. He flicked his head quickly towards the kitchen. ‘Oh my god, do I smell smoke?’
Henrietta twisted her head sharply and quickly towards the kitchen. Considering how much fire she had faced today, her mind and body were primed to react to even the mere hint of it.
And that would be when Brick leaned down, and tucked the hatpin into the front pocket of Henrietta's bath robe. The move was quick, almost impossibly quick; it seemed that apart from having a magical crossbow, Brick was possessed of incredibly fast reflexes. So by the time Henrietta looked around, the hatpin was already in her pocket.
She snapped backwards quickly, stumbling away from him. And then she looked down at her pocket.
‘Pick it up and then write the words ‘witch hunter’ up in the air with it,’ Brick encouraged her, even nodding at her and smiling.
She stared at him like the crazy man that he really was, and continued to back off. Eventually her back brushed against a door, and she quickly brought up her hand and opened it, without turning from him for a second.
The door led to her bedroom. But fortunately her bedroom had a small patio that connected to the side of the house, and a set of French doors that led out into the garden.
Still, it was her bedroom, and the idea of leading this Brick fellow into it was a horrible one.
She flinched as she entered her room, especially when she saw Brick following after her.
‘You are crazy, this is crazy,’ Henrietta said, her voice high and fast. Her throat was tight, her hands were sweaty, and she was still holding onto the edges of her bath robe with a fiendish grip.
Brick crossed his arms and sighed at her, making a good show of appearing heartily disappointed in her actions. ‘Henrietta Gosling, take up the transformation wand from your pocket and use it to write the words ‘witch hunter’ in the air.’
He sounded like a teacher, or a principal, or her own father; his voice had a very authoritative, commanding and yet disapproving edge to it.
Henrietta replied by shaking her head firmly, her still wet hair sending tendrils of dripping fringe slapping into her face and cheeks. She kept backing into her room, and that leather-clad man kept on following her. There was such a keen, intelligent, watchful edge to his gaze, that Henrietta couldn't help but stare at his eyes.
‘Why does this have to be so hard?’ Brick suddenly asked as he brought up a hand and planted his thumb and fingers firmly into his brow. ‘None of the legends of witch hunters and their warrior monk assistants ever mentioned problems like this,’ he moaned.
It set Henrietta's teeth on edge. It was the way this man was being . . . well, frankly, so bloody mad. Standing there in her bedroom dressed in that hilarious outfit talking absolute trash.
But there was one thing Henrietta could not deny, okay, there were several things Henrietta could not deny. One of them had been the fact that the man had produced a magical crossbow and shot flaming blue symbols across the ceiling, but a far more important fact was the sensation running up her belly and into her arms. This strange feeling that emanated from the proximity of the hatpin as it was stuffed into the front pocket of her towelling robe.
They were feelings that Henrietta had never felt before. Quick, powerful, tight, and racing. They promised a lot of power, power that Henrietta had never before imagined.
Maybe her expression changed at that moment, maybe her gaze drifted down to the hatpin, but Brick cracked a smile and he nodded encouragingly. ‘That's it, pick it up now.’
Henrietta did not play along, instead she shook her head firmly and continued to back off into her room until her back banged against her dressing table and she knocked her hair brush off onto the floor. It tumbled over her inexpensive and seriously fake Persian rug and came to a rest close to her dog basket.
Her dog, Barney, was fast asleep in the basket, as he was now so old that the only things that could get him out was the prospect of food and a pat around the ears and head.
But having a hairbrush dropped right next to him made Barney blink an eye open. And far from rushing into the centre of the room and barking at the home invader, and trying to protect Henrietta, he simply blinked a sleepy eye over to Brick, then shifted his gaze to Henrietta, then let out a yawn and closed his eyes again.
It got Brick's attention for some reason, and a very calculating expression twisted into place on the home invader's face.
It sent a quick, sick feeling through Henrietta, and she walked over to Barney's basket.
But she was too late. Brick, with his lightning fast ninja-like skills, darted across the room and grabbed Barney up in the blink of an eye.
Henrietta let out a shuddering, quick, light scream. ‘What are you doing? Put him down at once,’ she commanded of the man.
But Brick, still with an almost satisfied calculating expression on his face, shook his head. ‘I can see that you are the kind of woman who requires encouragement to get started,’ Brick said as he scratched Barney under the chin. The dog apparently liked the move, and gave a soft approving bark. He did not jump out of Brick's hands and proceed to bite the terrible man on the ankle, oh no, her trusting dog just relaxed against the leather and tried to go back to sleep.
Heart rocketing around, Henrietta took several tight steps towards Brick. ‘You put him down now, you hear me?’
Brick shrugged. ‘I can hear you, though I am not going to put him down. I am going to keep him here until you do what I have told you, and you finally rise up to take hold of your destiny.’
‘Give me back my dog!’
‘Not until you have transformed into a witch hunter,’ Brick kept on scratching Barney under the chin, and the dog could not look happier.
Henrietta just stood there, surveying her bedroom, trying to look for a weapon, anything she could use to defend herself and get her dog back. Brick just watched her eyes and shook his head again.
Then he did something horrible, frankly horrible. He patted Barney on the head several times, then he opened his jacket, and managed to tuck the dog into his pocket. And Barney fit. Barney fitted fine. When Brick closed his jacket again, it was as if nothing was there. There was no massive bulge as the small corgi pushed up against his jacket. No, the leather sat neatly against Brick's chest.
Henrietta crumpled her hands over her mouth and gave a muffled scream. ‘What have you done?’
At the sound of her scream, she heard a muffled bark coming from underneath Brick's jacket.
‘Your dog is fine, but if you want to see him again, for the love of god and all that is sacred, pick up that pin and write the words ‘witch hunter’ in the air,’ Brick seemed rather desperate now, and the frustration pulled at his already lined face.
He was mad, this was mad, but he had also stolen her dog and had managed to make it disappear into his jacket. So Henrietta let her shaking hand descend to her pocket and she let her fingers close around the hatpin. The second she did, a jolt of energy passed through her. It felt as if she had just stood on a live-wire. But she managed to keep hold of the hatpin, and she finally brought it out to stare at it with wide, shocked eyes.
Then, even though it was mad, she brought the hatpin forward and she began to write the words ‘witch hunter’ in the air. In any other circumstance, she wouldn't have done something so ridiculous. But she was starting to face facts here. There was a strange man with incredibly quick skills and a jacket that could hide anything, and he had a magical crossbow. Either she was hallucinating, or she had just witnessed magic.
But it would be nothing compared to what would happen next.
With a shaking, trembling hand she finished off writing the words. And the second she did something incredible occurred.
First a very loud, keening, almost static like sound filled the air. It reminded her of getting too close to a high-voltage power line, and it even began to pluck at the hairs along her arms and the back of her neck, making them stand on end. But within seconds that noise dissipated, and was replaced with a swooshing sound instead. Henrietta looked down to see a circle appear at her feet. It was like the circle that the magical crossbow had shot onto her ceiling; it looked like an intricate mandala, surrounded by symbols that flamed an electric blue and green.
The second the circle had formed completely, energy crackled all around and up over her feet, legs, and the rest of her body.
At the sight of it, Henrietta naturally screamed. As the energy plucked and played along her skin, she tried to desperately swipe at it, tried to throw it off her as if it was nothing more than an insect. But of course it would not comply; it now covered her completely.
‘Calm down, Warrior Woman Henrietta, you will be fine,’ Brick said encouragingly, a very calm edge to his voice as if he was a doctor or a parent trying to assure a child after a nightmare.
Henrietta didn't stop screaming, of course; blue and green energy was covering her, swimming and swarming over her skin with alarming speed.
Within seconds, something else began to happen. Henrietta started to float. At first it simply felt like a light sensation picking up through her feet and legs, then she looked down to see that her bath robe starting to fluff out as if a strong wind was coming up from underneath.
Her feet started to float off the ground. She screamed even harder now.
‘Floating is natural,’ Brick said with a hearty laugh.
Henrietta screamed louder.
As she floated there in the air, the symbols at her feet grew wider, and the colour of the blue and green more vibrant. There was now so much energy crackling around on the floor and over her that her entire room was illuminated with an incredible glow.
Brick actually walked over to her window and pulled the curtains shut. ‘I don't think the neighbours need to see this,’ he pointed out with a chuckle.
At that point Henrietta's arms became stiffer, and pulled up at her side, just as her legs pulled down. It was as if she was a puppet being manipulated by a strong hand.
‘Don't worry, the magic is just stretching you out so it can get your measurements. You do want your clothes to fit, after all,’ Brick pointed out casually.
Henrietta was beyond screaming now; her throat was so dry and cracked that the only sound she could make was a harsh, low, whimper.
In another second, something appeared over her skin. The light below her changed as well. The blue and green energy snapped to white in an instant. And as it did an energy covered her. In a wisp of sudden smoke, her bath robe completely disappeared. But before Henrietta could clutch her arms around herself to cover her nudity, she felt an incredibly peculiar sensation; clothes were forming over her. And not just any clothes. As she looked down in abject horror, she saw the most fantastic of costumes appear out of thin air. It was blue and white and gold, and it looked as if it was made out of a material that could only be termed magical.
The pin that was still in her hand suddenly elongated. In a snap and click it went from being a rather devastatingly sharp implement to being a long wand with a crystal on top.
The circle at her feet suddenly disappeared, and the floating feeling started to dissipate.
Henrietta gently returned to her feet, and the incredible white glow in the room softly fell away.
Though Henrietta wanted to scream, though she wanted to force her head back, open her mouth as wide as she could, and give everything she had in a horrified shout, she simply stood there, frozen on the spot. Because all she had done was write the word witch hunter in the air with a pin, and now she was wearing a fantastic costume and holding a wand with a crystal on the top.
Brick stood there, and he almost looked proud; there was an easy smile on his face, his eyes were sparkling, and then he actually started clapping. ‘Well done, well done.’
Her face scrunched up in shock, Henrietta slowly dropped her head to survey her clothes. If she had thought that Brick's costume was ridiculous, then her own was about 100 times worse.
She had shoulder pads, actual shoulder pads. And to top it off, she had thigh-high boots on too. She was also wearing a very long, flaring jacket that pinched in at the waist. But unlike Brick's, it wasn't made of jet-black leather; it was blue and white, and shimmered like crystals. It was quite possibly the gaudiest thing Henrietta had ever seen. But thankfully it partly covered the rest of her, which was a fantastic thing considering what she was wearing underneath. The only way to describe it was as an old-style flared dress, complete with a bodice—but with one important difference: the skirt was fiendishly short. Apart from the length, the style of the dress could easily pass for something from 200 years ago. But considering the length, it looked like something Henrietta had bought from an adults-only store.
That wasn't to mention the colour. Like her gaudy jacket, her little outfit was blue, white, and had gold trimming. It looked like it had been designed by a 14-year-old boy.
‘Jesus Christ, what the hell am I wearing?’ Henrietta finally reacted. She brought up her hands and tried to tug at her hem as she tried to lengthen the skirt, and when she realised she could not, she quickly closed the ridiculous jacket around herself, even bringing up the collar close to her neck to hide as much exposed flesh as she could.
Brick looked nonplussed. He looked at her for a long moment, then rubbed his hands together approvingly. ‘You are wearing a classic witch-hunter costume. Classic, with certain modern improvements. Ever since it was pointed out to us warrior monks that it is appallingly hard to run it in a very long skirt, we shortened it for the sake of efficiency in battle.’ Brick nodded.
Slowly Henrietta shifted her head until she looked at him, and as she did her jaw dropped open. The warrior monks’ shortened her skirt for proficiency in battle. Henrietta just didn't have the words to express how she felt right now.
Brick clapped his hands together and rubbed them enthusiastically. ‘Okay, now that you're dressed, it is finally time to go out and fight the witches.’
‘I am not going anywhere dressed like this,’ Henrietta pointed out, her voice so high it sounded like a steam whistle.
Again Brick looked confused. ‘Why? Those are the perfect clothes to fight witches in. And, I must say, that jacket is a very stylish cut,’ as he pointed that out, he patted down on his own ridiculous jacket.
Henrietta was gob smacked, totally and utterly gob smacked. She had written the words witch hunter in the air with a magical pin, and then she had somehow transformed into this ludicrous outfit in the middle of her bedroom. But what was more, the entire process had completely trashed the place. As Henrietta looked around, she noted that her curtains had come off their rails, somehow the door had fallen off her wardrobe, and all the trinkets on her dressing table had fallen onto the floor.
From somewhere within the confines of Brick's jacket she heard a soft bark. That made her snap her head around. ‘You give me back Barney right now,’ as she spoke, for some reason she planted her hands on her hips. It was an oddly powerful and assertive move for Henrietta. But it felt strangely good, even considering what she was wearing.
Brick brought up a finger and wagged it at her. ‘You will earn your dog back when you defeat the witches.’ And with that Brick backed off.
‘You get back here,’ she commanded him, taking several steps forward, the incredible heels on her boots clicking against the floor, yet somehow giving her no trouble with balance. Which was a fantastic thing considering how unco Henrietta was. Though her sister had always told her that Henrietta had fantastic legs and would look great in a pair of pumps or stilettos, Henrietta couldn't wear them for the life of her. She always tripped over and ended up in the most compromising positions. Yet now she was walking forward with perfect poise and ease, even though her heels were of a magnificent and lofty height.
Brick kept on backing off, then he brought his hands up and clapped them again. ‘It's time to begin. Follow me.’ With that he turned and he disappeared.
He actually disappeared.
Three seconds ago he had been standing there in the middle of her bedroom floor, and then a moment later he was standing outside her French doors.
Henrietta stumbled back in surprise.
‘Come on,’ he called to her from the other side of the doors, waving her forward. He tapped at his wrist as if to indicate that they didn't have much time.
At first Henrietta rushed forward, but then she stopped. Because she looked down, and she remembered what she was wearing. Was she really about to follow this crazy warrior monk across town while she was dressed like she was out of a particularly bizarre adult movie?
No. She was not. But as soon as she made that decision, she heard the rather soft and pining bark of Barney filter through from Brick's jacket.
She clutched her fingers into her palms and she steadied her jaw. How dare he come into her house, steal her dog, and run around like a ninja.
So with that, Henrietta Gosling, dressed in clothes she had never before worn and would never consider ever wearing again, ran to her French doors and she pulled them open. She followed the crazy warrior monk called Brick out of her garden and into the night.
Chapter Four
Henrietta Gosling was not good at sport. She could not do athletics, she was horrible at gymnastics, and she had given up on most forms of exercise by the tender age of 15. When it came to running, she could put on a good burst, but would quickly stop, stitches digging into her ribs, and her breath coming in uneasy gasps. Plus, she was so uncoordinated, that she would always find herself tripping over everything in her path, from dustbins, to dogs, to old lady’s walking frames.
Yet tonight it was different. Tonight Henrietta could run. She could also jump, fantastically, stupidly high. As Brick sprinted before her, managing the kinds of fantastic moves that were relegated to video games and Hong Kong action movies, Henrietta matched pace. At one point Brick actually jumped on top of a building. He went from standing in an alleyway, to jumping up, planting his hands into a wall, pushing himself off, and then somehow flinging himself onto the opposite building, despite the fact it was two stories tall.
Normal human beings could not jump that high. Normal human beings had knees and legs and hips and bodies that were built for modest heights, but tonight that didn't matter. Somehow Henrietta had followed his move. She had planted her hand into the ground, her ankles sturdy despite the fact her heels were high enough to be considered penthouse apartments, and then she forced herself into a magnificent somersault. She jumped from the ground to the top of the building, and even though she stumbled when she landed, and fell over, her skirt probably revealing far too much of her underpants than she was comfortable with, she had still managed the move.
Incredible. This was all incredible.
The sensible, reasonable part of her brain was trying to tell her that she must be on drugs or she must be hallucinating or she must be mad, but the rest of her brain was very much enjoying it.
It was a dark night, which Henrietta was extremely thankful for. She had not forgotten what she was wearing, and several times she had run past people in alleyways, only to see them giving her some wide-eyed looks, their eyebrows shooting off their faces as their gazes raced down her figure and clothes.
But Henrietta could be thankful for one more fact too. She had a mask on. She had brought her fingers up to feel it on her face several times, and thankfully it seemed large enough to do a good job of hiding her identity, and what was more, her hair felt different too. Instead of being a wild red angry clump at the base of her neck, it had been smoothed up into a fabulous bun at the top of her head. It felt extremely elegant, and was held in place with several clips. Her usually crinkly hair felt totally smooth too.
She hadn't yet brought the mask off to have a look at it, but she had given it a thoroughly good poking with her fingers. It seemed to be like one of those Venetian masquerade jobs, with all the fancy trimming and details, and it had small openings for her eyes. How is was staying on her face, she didn't know, as there wasn't any elastic holding it around her head. It just sat there, and no matter how high she jumped or how fast she ran, it didn't fall off.
She felt like she was wearing make-up too, and as Henrietta ran along, she finally caught sight of herself in a shop window. She almost stopped.
She looked completely different.
And now she could see her face, she could indeed confirm that the mask was large, and that yes, she was wearing make-up. Fantastic make-up. Her eyelashes were long, almost devastatingly so. And her lips were covered in a deep red, wet-look gloss. She also had eye shadow on, and it matched the colour of her black mask. The mask was fantastically beautiful, the only item of clothing she was wearing that didn't make her shudder. It was detailed and intricate, and she ran her fingers over it several more times to feel the grooves that ran over the surface.
Then she heard the soft bark of Barney again. Whenever she threatened to fall behind, she would always hear his bark filter through the air.
So Henrietta set off again. She tried to ignore the fact she was in stupidly high-heeled massive boots, a ridiculously long, flared jacket, and the world's shortest skirt. She tried to ignore the stares too, and was absolutely thankful of the fact that she couldn't even recognise herself. But before too long, Brick began to slow down, and Henrietta realised they had run all the way across the other side of town. A trip that would have taken a good few hours on foot had just taken her barely 10 minutes of jumping and running along the rooftops.
Incredible.
But Henrietta could hardly stand there too long amazed at what had just happened to her; even though Brick had just come to a standstill, he hadn't done it in the best of neighbourhoods. With one quick glance around her, Henrietta realised where she was. She was at the abandoned docks. She had heard Patrick Black talk enough about this area to realise that the place was infested with crime. The city had plans for tearing it down and building something far more respectable, but for now the place was still standing, dark and forlorn at the edge of town.
She looked to the water just to her left, and it was dark and impenetrable, and no doubt very, very cold.
The shadows of the buildings around her were long and cast the area into even deeper darkness. There were no city lights out here, and the closest streetlights were likely kilometres away.
There was only one good thing about being in this area; there was no one around to gawk at her.
Henrietta looked up to see that Brick was now sitting on top of the building just to her left. How he had managed to get up there, she didn't know, but she was starting to realise it was probably quite magical. While Brick could jump very high and run very fast, he also had another trick up his sleeve: he could transport. If that was the right word. He would go from standing in one place, to standing in another place close by in the blink of an eye. Either he put on a fantastic burst of speed, or else he could travel between two points without moving through the space between.
Henrietta Gosling had never been the kind of girl to believe in magic; she always liked to think she had her head screwed on right. Well tonight her head was obviously un-screwing, because at that moment she took several steps forward, clapped her hands on her hips, and tightened her grip on her wand. ‘Alright, I have followed you here, now give me my dog back.’
Brick let his legs flop over the edge of the roof, and he kicked them in place a while. ‘I'm afraid you are going to have your hands full soon. How about I keep hold of Barney, and how about you have your first fight with the witches?’
‘Give me back my dog!’ Henrietta roared. It was loud, it was angry, and it was unlike her. She often preferred to keep the peace, and she would never, ever be rude to a customer. But for some reason as Henrietta stood there in her ludicrous clothes, she had to admit they felt like they were changing her personality. She seemed so much stronger in them. With the ridiculous heels, the jacket, the short skirt, and the painfully red lipstick; she was not just mysterious, but jolly well powerful.
Brick began to chuckle, and maybe it was at her stance or at her statement, but very soon it was cut short. And the reason it was cut short was that there was a strange noise from the building underneath him.
At first it sounded like fingernails being scratched over a blackboard, but then it arced up and teetered like only a voice could. It sent a cold rush and a prickle of surprise jumping over Henrietta's spine. She blinked quickly, snapping her head in the direction of the sound.
‘I will stay up here, Warrior Woman Henrietta, and I will direct you,’ Brick said, his voice quick and loud, and maybe just a little afraid.
Suddenly the voice cut out, and as it did, it did something strange to the air; a wind rushed past Henrietta's cheeks as if it was being sucked into something. But not a single strand of hair came loose from her bun, and despite the strength of the wind, her mask did not fall from her face.
It did serve to focus her attention; she stared at the doors to the abandoned warehouse before her. They were opened just a crack and she could see the black shadows within.
She tightened her grip on her wand at that moment, her fingers curling around until they dug into her palm.
‘You will be okay, Warrior Woman Henrietta, but you must be forthright. Go in to meet the enemy,’ Brick suggested as he stayed up on the roof, several soft barks emanating from his jacket.
Fight the witches? It was starting to dawn on Henrietta what was happening to her. From the fantastic to the fearful, she was realising that just maybe, just possibly there really was a witch in an abandoned warehouse before her and that she really was going to have to fight it.
Henrietta started to freeze up, her muscles tightening, and her eyes opened as wide as they could.
The crying, screaming sound returned again. At first it sounded like a child sobbing, but then halfway through the noise twisted up, reverberating high and screeching loud. It was horrible and entirely, thoroughly spine tingling.
Whatever was inside, it didn't sound normal; it didn't sound human. Then, as if to confirm her suspicions, Henrietta started to see a light from within the building. At first it was dim, but then it began to grow all too quickly, and it had a quality about it that could only be described as other. It was sharp, it was powerful, and it surged. What was more, it wasn’t white or a soft yellow; it was a rich, blood red. And darn was it ominous.
‘Quickly, run in before the witch can set about defensive spells,’ Brick encouraged her, his voice quick and wild, tight with a pressure she hadn't heard yet. The man was usually far too calm and nonchalant, but right now he was on the edge of his seat, his voice betraying a tight fear.
This just served to heighten Henrietta's own feelings. She had never felt as scared as she did at that moment.
Then the door to the abandoned warehouse began to creak open. Henrietta could see several fingers suddenly curl around it, long fingernails tapping against the metal as they did.
‘Duck,’ Brick screamed.
So Henrietta plunged herself to her knees, crumpling her arms over her head. And just as she did, something incredibly hot and fast rushed over her. She twisted to the side, flopping on her back and doing an entirely ungainly roll, just in time to see an actual fireball whiz past and slam into the dark water past the dock. It sizzled and steam erupted where it landed with a blast.
‘Duck again,’ Brick roared from atop the roof.
Henrietta threw herself to the ground, and once again a sodding great fireball zoomed past.
She whimpered and whined, clutching her fingers over her head, but shifting back as she did.
‘Bring out your wand, defend yourself,’ Brick commanded her.
‘How?’ Henrietta screamed back at him, her voice tight with pleading.
She could no longer deny what was happening to her. In the face of imminent death, she was starting to lose all incredulity for her circumstances, and she was gripping onto her wand, ready to use it in any way she could to defend herself.
‘Write the name of the spell you want in the air with your wand,’ Brick commanded her.
She didn't understand. And she didn't have time to clarify, as yet another fireball came whizzing towards her. This one was so close that it actually collected the side of the jacket and seared right through the fabric, even catching the edge of her skirt on fire.
Henrietta gave a pathetic little scream and tried to pat down her skirt, but in a moment it did not matter. The fire picking up along the fabric disappeared, and in several more seconds something fantastic occurred: the fabric grew back. At one point there had been a sodding great singed black hole in her jacket, and then the thing had just fixed itself.
‘Stop patting your skirt and duck!’ Brick roared at her.
Henrietta looked up in time to see a fireball hurtling right at her face. She stopped. And time seemed to stretch out before her. Things slowed down. She could see the crackling fire bursting over the girth of the fireball as it came towards her. But it did not reach her. It did not slam into her face, knock her off her feet, and kill her dead in a second.
No, because at that moment somebody jumped in front of her.
Brick. In the blink of an eye, he appeared before her, face turned her way, back turned to the soaring fireball. It struck him, plummeting into his back and shifting him forward with a ferocious force. Brick stumbled towards her, and she brought her arms up to catch him (despite the fact he was a dirty home invader who had stolen her dog).
He rested in her arms for a moment, and she caught a full glance of his face as he ached through a wince. As quick as he could, he pushed himself up, shook his head, straightened, and gave a cough.
‘Forgive my blasphemy, but god damn that hurt,’ he spat as he stretched out his shoulders and turned his head. Even though the fireball had struck him neatly on the back, his leather jacket was not damaged. It did seem to emit steam in places, but there was no hole torn through it, and there wasn't a clump of Brick's exposed and bloody flesh to be seen. In fact, apart from swearing at how much that had hurt, he appeared to be relatively fine.
Henrietta still had her arms and hands in exactly the same position they'd been in when she'd opened them to catch Brick.
This was happening so very fast.
Before she could try to shake her head and catch up to the situation, there was another terrible whooshing noise, and Brick grabbed her roughly by the arm, pushing her to the side. Then in a snapped moment, he plunged his hand into his jacket, the ends of it flaring out dramatically, and he whipped out his crossbow. He aimed it towards the fingers that were still curled around the door of the abandoned warehouse, then he fired.
Something rushed forward from the crossbow, and it jolly well wasn't a bolt. It was a small spark of light, and it landed right on the half-opened door, spreading over the whole metal frame with a horrible crackling sound and with the speed of a bullet.
It made Henrietta's back shake just to listen to it, and then she watched in horror and fascination as the door gave way, but in its place a wall of magical symbols and squares stood instead. The symbols were not simply one-dimensional; they appeared to be perfectly 3D and quite thick, taking up the same width as the door had.
The witch screamed, if indeed it was a witch. But the creature with its claws on the door suddenly yanked them back, and while at first it gave a cry like a child's, the sound of it quickly twisted up into the ferocious call of an animal.
It made Henrietta scamper backwards quickly, her heels snagging against the uneven ground, and sending her toppling backwards onto her butt. She landed with a thump, but didn't waste her breath on moaning out an oomph.
For all the time she had chased after Brick, for all those fantastic jumps she had managed to pull off, she hadn't tripped once. And yet here she was stumbling backwards and falling over like the usual Henrietta would.
Brick turned to his side sharply, and then looked down at her. ‘Get to your feet, Warrior Woman Henrietta, and stop falling over.’ He leaned down to her, put his right hand on her arm, and pulled her to her feet. ‘If you let the fear take hold of you, you will lose your magic,’ he warned quickly, his eyes sparkling, despite the dark night.
Henrietta swallowed through a nod, then she stopped. Because what was she doing? What on earth did Brick mean? Magic?
All in a rush, Henrietta started to shake and shudder. She couldn't deny the situation was real; the skin along her hand was cut and singed, and Brick's back still steamed where the fireball had landed against it.
‘I know it is hard,’ Brick suddenly dropped his tone, and the quality of his voice changed. While he usually had a mixture of a calm but authoritative countenance, he was now soft, gentle even, ‘but unless you act to contain that witch, she could move on to harm others.’
More than anything it was the look on his face. It made her turn to him, keep her eyes wide as she watched him. And then she nodded slowly.
Brick reached out a hand and clutched his large palm over her fingers as she held the wand. ‘Write in the air the word of a spell. Whether it be fire, water, ice, blizzard, wind, tornado—any ferocious force you can think of. Write it in the air, Witch Hunter, and it will appear. You can use it to contain the witch. To fight her off, to overcome her.’
There was a steely and magical quality to his voice. His words bypassed her ears and ate straight into the imaginative quality of her mind. As he spoke, it was as if she could see each spell he was talking of. Fire, ice, wind—all she had to do was bring up her wand and write the words before her . . . and they would appear.
She looked down at the wand.
‘We do not have much time; I have blocked her into the warehouse for now, but my wall spell will fail. This is a powerful witch, and it will take a full witch hunter in order to overcome her,’ Brick turned from her, but still had his hand clutched over hers.
There was no more fighting this situation. There was no more doubting what was happening to her. So all Henrietta could do was stumble forward, her heels clicking loudly against the uneven bitumen, but her grip never failing on her wand.
Brick was by her side, crossbow in hand, and when they reached the wall of magical symbols, and she hesitated, he just clamped a hand over her back and pushed her through.
Henrietta sucked in a breath, squealing as she stumbled through the magical symbols. In her mind, her face would singe off the second she touched them, but nothing of the sort occurred. She managed to walk right through them as if they were nothing but air. They did crackle though, and a few of them collected around her, as if they were feathers and she was tar. She patted at them, shaking her arms, trying to dislodge them, but then Brick launched into her side, wrapped a hand around her middle, and he pulled her quickly out of the way.
A shot of fire, as if propelled from a flame-thrower, suddenly shot past her, and would have collected her fully if Brick hadn't moved when he had.
Henrietta didn't have time to scream, much less splutter, because at that point, Brick wrapped his hand tight around her wand. ‘Write something in the air, and do it now.’
So she did. Quickly, as she fell to the side, keeping her eyes locked forwards, Henrietta wrote.
Fire.
It was on her mind, after all. Considering her day, fire seemed to be about the only thing she could think of.
When she finished writing the word, the most spectacular thing occurred. A circular symbol appeared at her feet and then a fireball shot right out from it. The fire swirled around the edge of the symbol, collecting into a ball, and then flying forwards right towards the witch.
Henrietta still hadn't seen the creature in full; the abandoned warehouse was dark, and for some reason all Henrietta could catch was a glimpse of two long hands with equally long fingernails. They appeared gaunt and very, painfully thin.
The fireball launched right towards them.
There was a scampering sound and someone appeared to take a quick, desperate breath. Once again it sounded like the cry of a child, but quickly it changed into the most horrible of screams.
‘Don't pause, keep writing,’ Brick commanded her, and then he moved his hand over hers and brought the wand up.
Ice.
She just thought of it, it just popped into her head, and the second it did, she started to write the word.
Just as had occurred with the fire, a symbol started to appear at her feet, and then a great rush of crackling ice shot around it and then up and towards the witch.
The witch screamed again, and the ice slammed right into her, those two hands plastering to her side from the force.
Henrietta still couldn't see the creature, but she was catching glimpses of it, beyond the hands to its torso, to the ends of its unkempt, scraggly black hair. It felt so nightmarish seeing it in pieces like this, as crackles of her spells lit up the creature in spurts.
It was wearing rags, just a simple skirt and top, but they were burnt and dirty. It had the hollowest eyes, dark-rimmed circles underneath them, the pupils wide, the irises pale. And it was thin, incredibly thin; she could see the bones in its arms and legs, and its cheeks were high, its neck long and gaunt.
So this was a witch. Apart from the long fingernails, she could have passed easily for a human being, a very sick, horrific-looking human being, but a person nonetheless.
For a second Henrietta just stood there, but once again Brick leaned into her. ‘Do not stop, Witch Hunter; you must keep fighting.’
So she did.
This time she wrote the word wall. It formed before her mind, somewhat like the ice spell had. The second she wrote it, the magical blue crackling outlines of bricks shot from a symbol under her feet and appeared before her. As they did, just as they formed a solid-looking wall, the witch screamed and shot fireballs from her hands.
It was a frantic thing to watch. Horrible too and terrifying, and it made Henrietta shiver. But fire began to crack up along the witch's skin, as if she was made of stone that was breaking under some heavy weight. Then the witch hurled her hands forward, as if they had been yanked by heavy ropes, and the fireball collected off her skin and shot towards Henrietta.
It didn't reach either her or Brick; it slammed into the wall.
‘Excellent,’ Brick admitted through a quick, snapping breath.
Just write, any spell that comes to mind, just write it. Henrietta thought to herself, her fingers tightened around her wand.
Wind.
She wrote the word before her, her wrist twisting quickly.
A new symbol appeared at her feet, and it was accompanied by a quick blow of air that caught the ends of her jacket and skirt. Soon a vicious wind whipped around the circle and then shot forward right at her magical wall. It pushed into the bricks and they flung forward, right at the witch.
The bricks fell against the creature, and as they did, a roaring magical wind slammed into her too. The witch brought up her arms, tried to protect her face, and let out a ferocious cry as she did.
‘Don't—’ Brick began.
‘Stop,’ Henrietta finished off his sentence. Because that was what he was going to say.
But it also gave her an idea.
Freeze.
She wrote the word in the air, and the most curious of symbols appeared at her feet after she did. Then something that was not wind, that was not fire, that wasn't even visible, rushed up from the symbol and spread through the room around her.
Suddenly the bricks stopped tumbling and the wind stopped roaring, the tails of her jacket and skirt stopped brushing against her legs too. In fact, everything stopped. From the dust filtering through the air, to the horrific cry the witch was giving.
Everything froze.
Even Brick did. In fact, the only thing capable of movement seemed to be her. But for some reason her clothes were stiff around her, and while she could move her arms and body, and even the wand, that seemed about it.
She quickly realised she had to replace this spell with something more useful.
She had to figure out some way to end this.
But she really didn't want to write the word end in the air. Who knew what would happen. If writing the word freeze had made everything freeze, end could quite possibly destroy the entire world.
So Henrietta thought, and she thought blindingly fast.
Float.
She wrote the word, but as she did, she kind of hoped that the spell would take effect on her and not the witch. It was a fleeting thought, but as it appeared in her mind, it made Henrietta change the direction of her writing; rather than towards the witch, she brought her hand back and almost wrote the word on her very own chest.
And it worked. A new symbol appeared at her feet, this one a vibrant turquoise colour that reminded her of fantastic tropical waters. She started to float and so did Brick. The moment he did was the moment he began to move. The freeze spell had obviously worn off and been replaced, and he quickly turned his head to her, his surprise evident.
Before he could say anything, Henrietta turned to the witch. She saw that familiar red crackle of fire begin to race over the creature's skin.
Henrietta had to do something; now that they were floating in the air, the two of them were sitting ducks.
Hole.
Henrietta wrote it as the word formed in her mouth, and she said it out loud too.
Then something quite horrible happened. A massive, gaping black void opened up in the ground. It was as if the floor was there at one moment, and then simply gone the next. Everything in the warehouse dropped away. From the old crates, to the broken and rusted 44 gallon drums, to the piles of yellow magazines and trash. They all just fell through the cavernous hole that was now the ground. And the hole was deep, impossibly deep, and completely pitch black. Where it led to, Henrietta had no idea.
But only one thing mattered. The witch. She looked down at her feet for a split second, gave a cry, and fell through the hole.
The fire along her skin extinguished and the black darkness below engulfed the witch completely.
Henrietta was shocked, and it was such a powerful, tactile sensation, that she crumpled her shoulders and arms in, wrapping herself into a ball as she floated there above the giant, enormous hole.
‘Quickly, bring the floor back,’ Brick snapped, ‘before this spell dissipates.’
Henrietta wrote floor in the air, and soon the floor reappeared below them. Just soon enough for the floating sensation that had pushed her into the air to stop. And it stopped with a little bit of a snap, and she fell about half-a-meter down until she flopped face-first onto the floor with a thud.
Brick managed to land on his feet, and quickly snapped up to a standing position. ‘Warrior Woman Henrietta,’ he began, and there was a distinctly proud edge to his voice. ‘You have vanquished your first witch,’ he was almost cheering.
Henrietta just lay there with her face pressing into the cold, musty floor for a few more seconds. She was trying to process what had just happened. Magic, witches, giant holes forming over the ground . . . .
And then she heard a soft barking that suddenly grew louder.
She flopped over onto her back, and then forced herself to sit up, not caring that her ridiculously short skirt probably showed far too much.
Barney. Her beautiful old corgi was now resting in Brick's arms, and the mutinous little dog was licking the man's face.
Henrietta scampered to her feet. ‘You give me back my dog.’
Brick handed Barney over.
Henrietta opened her mouth, readying for a volley of whatever torrid frustration, anger, and accusations she could think of. But they dried up. Because, for the love of god, she had just fought a witch.
Her mouth was open, her lips slack, her skin probably deathly white.
Brick looked at her, but at the same time ran his hands over his jacket smoothing it, and then fluffed up his collar until it was stiff against his neck. He brought two fingers up to his hat and tipped it at her. ‘Well done. You have successfully taken hold of your destiny.’
She shook her head mutely.
‘You may now return home. You will need to sleep. I fancy you will also require time to . . . adjust,’ Brick smiled widely. ‘I will see you tomorrow night.’
‘Sorry?’ her voice was practically quiet.
‘To hunt more witches,’ Brick said as he took several steps back. And then the bugger did an incredible jump that saw him land like a cartoon character on the heavy metal rafters above, swing around and then do a fantastic somersault right through the broken glass skylight above. Then there was a soft pattering of feet on the roof, followed by silence.
Which just left Henrietta Gosling standing in ridiculous boots, with the shortest skirt in the world and the gaudiest jacket ever, clutching her dog to her chest with one arm as she held a magic wand with the other.
Eventually Henrietta walked home, though she was damn sure to keep to the side streets, and as far away from traffic as she could.
For a good half hour after she arrived home, she sat on her bed, or walked around her room in her incredible heels, listening to the sound of them clicking on the floor, and watching herself in her full-length mirror.
Several times she tried to tug off her jacket or skirt, but for some reason she couldn't get them off.
It wasn't until about half past midnight that she came up with the idea to write her own name in the air with the magic wand. When she did, a reverse transformation occurred. When she had written the words ‘witch hunter’ with her hatpin, she had turned into exactly that. But when she wrote Henrietta Gosling with her wand, there were all sorts of lights, symbols, and sparks, and she eventually landed on her bottom in her bath robe.
Then Henrietta Gosling went to bed. Because, seriously, what else could she do?
Chapter Five
It had taken Henrietta maybe two hours to pull herself together that morning. And in fact, it had only been a very angry call from her boss that had finally made Henrietta walk out of her room and face the day. But she couldn't stop mumbling to herself.
‘You're mad, you must be mad,’ she told herself as she stared at the hatpin she had propped up in her bath. At first she had placed the hatpin on her kitchen table, but within minutes the damn wood had started to singe. So after an age of experimenting, she had settled on the thick porcelain of the bath which was probably about the most fireproof thing she had in the house.
So now she was staring at a sodding hatpin in her bath as her arms were folded up over her knees.
Maria had given her an ultimatum. Unless Henrietta got off her butt and got into work before noon, Henrietta would be out of a job. And she really, really did not want to be unemployed again. Considering her rather infamous run of bad luck, few people would offer her a job. In fact, Maria had been the only person willing to employ her. So it would be a big deal if the diminutive Italian woman fired Henrietta.
But, seriously, she had transformed into a witch hunter last night and had managed to produce magic by writing it in the air with a wand.
At first, after she had woken up that morning, Henrietta had been inclined to write the whole thing off as a terrible dream. But then she had tried it again. In an attempt to prove to herself that it was just an ordinary hatpin, Henrietta had brought it up and written the words witch hunter in the air. The whole transformation had occurred again, this time trashing her kitchen in the process.
But it had been the conclusive evidence Henrietta could not turn from. The hatpin was magical, and so was she apparently. Unless she got off her butt, dressed, and got down to Sizzle Cafe in the next 45 minutes though, she would be an unemployed, underfed witch hunter.
So Henrietta finally pulled on her clothes, but only after standing for a full 10 minutes in the mirror telling herself that she could get through the day, that she could be normal, and that nothing was going to happen.
Before she had run out the door and down the street, Henrietta had glanced back at the hatpin. She really didn't like the idea of keeping it there in her bath; for all she knew when she came home it could have burnt her house down. Plus . . . she had to admit she didn't like the idea of leaving it full stop. She seemed to have the strangest of connections to that hatpin, and it gave her such reassurance just to pick it up and hold it in her hand.
So Henrietta had done the only thing she could think of, and had twisted her hair into a bun, cramming the hatpin through it like a hairpiece. Then she had run to work.
Unlike her display last night, when she had been fully capable of jumping onto buildings in a single bound, Henrietta had lost the graceful edge that morning, and was back to being entirely uncoordinated. As she ran along, she collected the side of a trash-can, bruising her shin something horrible. She also banged her head on a sign, leaving a nasty bruise on her forehead. But she made it to the cafe, and just in time for the lunch-hour rush.
Maria was there waiting for her in the doorway, and she promised Henrietta that they would have a very good chat after work.
It was a surreal experience picking up her apron, tying it around her middle, and getting behind the counter.
It was a busy day, and the cafe was full. From firemen to policemen, to people who had wandered in off the street to get out of the sunshine—Sizzle Cafe was always popular.
While Henrietta was usually fantastic with customers, and could on any ordinary day chat until the cows came home, she was deathly silent. She offered up bare smiles whenever anyone said hello, and when she wasn't behind the coffee machine, she found herself staring off out the plate-glass windows, a preoccupied look on her face.
She kept on checking her hair too, bringing her fingers up until they brushed over the hatpin.
‘What did you get up to last night?’
Henrietta turned to see Patrick Black walking up to the counter and sitting up on one of the tall stools.
Her heart started to beat wildly and suddenly her mouth was very dry.
‘Sorry?’ her voice shook.
A single thought was running through her head: he knows.
Patrick gave a soft chuckle, then let his eyebrows clamp over his eyes as he nodded towards her. He brought a hand up and tapped his head. ‘The bruise over your eye.’
She brought her fingers up, pressed them into her skin, and then winced. But she also let her shoulders deflate, and she let out a relieved sigh. ‘I ran into a sign,’ she admitted.
Suddenly Jimmy Field appeared at Patrick's side, and he gave a low chuckle as he did.
Jimmy and Patrick were good friends. And despite the fact that the both of them vied for the affections of Marcia Gosling, that didn't stop them from hanging out. Henrietta had no idea how that worked, but just figured it had something to do with Marcia's fantastic good luck. Her efforts to sleep her way around town never resulted in any hatred or ill feeling towards her, and the mere fact that two men could remain friends while still attempting to woo her was conclusive evidence that Marcia had no ordinary human level of luck.
‘Ran into a sign, you know, that sounds like you, Henrietta,’ Jimmy pointed out, a beautiful smile pushing up his cheeks.
On any other day, Henrietta might have paused there and ogled at the two. Patrick and Jimmy would easily be the hottest men in town, and they were so far out of her league that it wasn't funny.
But Henrietta was in no mood to stare at their loveliness today. Instead she kind of gave them a dead-eyed look and went back to wiping down the counter.
Jimmy's chuckle eventually ended, and out of the corner of her eyes she saw Jimmy and Patrick exchange a look. A mildly worried look.
‘Are you all right, Henrietta?’ Patrick asked, and a note of professionalism ran through his voice.
Henrietta didn't answer him. She kept on wiping at a non-existent spot on the counter, really putting her elbow into it, even though there was no mark there to be cleaned off. It seemed that if she put all her attention into cleaning or working, she could keep her mind off what had happened last night.
A witch. An actual which. And magic, wands, spells, and a man in a ridiculous leather jacket. Not to mention her own costume . . . .
‘Henrietta,’ Patrick's voice was louder, and it forced her to look up and offer him a quick blink.
The man looked clearly concerned, and so did Jimmy. The calm, friendly edge was gone from their countenances.
‘You should have taken the day off,’ Jimmy nodded at her, a frown forming on his lips. ‘Considering what happened yesterday—’
Henrietta looked up at him sharply.
‘With the fire,’ he continued.
Henrietta's shoulders deflated and she looked to the side, blinking quickly, bringing her hand up and touching her hatpin.
‘Why don't you head home?’ Patrick suggested.
The two of them were so obviously concerned, and somehow it served to make them all the more attractive. There was something about fantastically handsome burly men in uniform looking out for you that had to make any girl swoon.
But Henrietta was in no mood to swoon, and she also couldn't afford to take the day off.
‘I'm sure Maria will understand,’ Patrick said as he got off from his stool, ‘it's inappropriate to have you come back to work so soon after the incident.’
Maria would not understand. Maria was a ball breaker. Maria was one hell of a woman and believed in her own special kind of discipline. Short of an actual letter from a doctor or a lawyer, there was no way she was going to let Henrietta head home today. Maria was fully aware that Henrietta had suffered smoke inhalation yesterday, but had been given the all clear from the doctor. Maria was also aware that Henrietta was the cafe's best barista, and tended to bring in far more customers when she was at work.
Henrietta shook her head and tried to give them both a reassuring smile, but she couldn't quite manage it. Even though she spread her lips, it looked a hell of a lot more like a grimace. So she brought her hand up and gave a little cough to hide it.
‘Are you okay?’ Jimmy asked quickly, no doubt thinking that her little cough meant she was about to choke up her lungs, a delayed effect of the smoke inhalation and shock.
She shook her head, then she nodded it quickly.
But Patrick was already on his feet, and he was surveying the cafe looking for Maria. So Henrietta had to do something quickly. And short of pulling out her hatpin and writing the words 'sit back down in your seat, Patrick' in the air, she had to find some way to stop him from heading over to Maria.
So it was time to lie.
And there was really only one kind of lie that would get both of these two men to pay attention.
‘It's just my sister,’ Henrietta said through a hearty and faked sigh.
Patrick turned around, and so did Jimmy. In fact, the two of them looked like dogs who had just heard the dinner bell.
‘What about your sister?’ Jimmy practically snapped.
‘Is Marcia okay?’ Patrick followed up quickly, sitting back down on his stool.
Henrietta had to press her lips hard together not to smile. It was just so bizarre that the very mention of her sister's name could have such power over these two professional and capable men. It was like Marcia turned them into malleable putty, and even the mere mention of Henrietta's sister's name made the men melt on the spot.
Henrietta blinked her eyes. ‘She is angry at me,’ she said through faked glumness.
Jimmy nodded and it was a very knowing move. ‘Oh.’
Because they had all been there before. All three of them had been on the receiving end of Marcia's rather legendary anger. That was the thing about being a full-time beautiful drama queen; Marcia could get dramatic very easily, and woe betide if you were on the wrong end of that drama.
‘I was meant to go to her house and have dinner last night,’ Henrietta noted, ‘and she wasn't exactly happy when I couldn't make it,’ she grimaced. And, to be fair, she was telling the complete truth here; Marcia really was angry at her. But the prospect of her sister being mad at Henrietta was not what made her go staring off into space, and it was not what was making her so edgy and strange today. But Henrietta was not about to tell the town's finest police officer and fireman what exactly was up with her.
‘You could try flowers,’ Patrick suggested helpfully.
Henrietta pursed her lips and shook her head. ‘You only try flowers with Marcia when she has been sick or she has demanded them,’ Henrietta pointed out.
The two men suddenly looked very interested, as if they were ready to take notes.
‘Chocolates?’ Jimmy offered. ‘She seems to always like chocolates.’
‘She likes the boxes,’ Henrietta noted as she shook her head, ‘she won't eat them, in case she gets fat.’
‘I didn't know that,’ Jimmy suddenly looked scandalised. ‘I have been buying her the finest boxes of chocolates I can afford.’
Henrietta shrugged her shoulders. ‘As soon as she gets them, she chucks out the chocolates, and keeps the empty boxes. Apparently she likes the colour and patterns.’
Jimmy crumpled a bit.
‘Look, it's okay, thank you both for your help, but I'm sure I'll get through this,’ Henrietta tried to blink prettily, but really, there was little point. She was never going to get the eye of either Patrick or Jimmy, at least not in that way. They probably both viewed her as Marcia's little sister, and only an avenue to learn more about the blonde bombshell, and never as a romantic prospect in herself.
Which made Henrietta glum. But in another second she reminded herself she didn't have the time to be glum; she had just found out she was some kind of magical witch hunter.
Henrietta's lips crumpled together and she gave an odd and loud swallow.
‘You will be okay, Marcia will forget eventually,’ Patrick tried.
‘Thank you.’ And with that Henrietta went back to attempting to clean the already pristine bench. But this time neither Patrick nor Jimmy looked on at her with great concern; they were clearly satisfied by her excuse.
The day dragged on, and every single time Henrietta looked at the clock, it seemed as if the minute hands had frozen in place. A few times she brought her hand up to her hatpin, with the sudden idea of writing in the air 'make time go faster', but of course she never did it. She desperately wanted to run home, lock the doors, pull the curtains, and whip out her hairpin. Then she wanted to write witch hunter in the air with it, just to see what would happen.
Because as the day drew on, and the normal drudgery of her life continued, Henrietta began to realise just how fantastic last night had been. Could she really be a magical witch hunter? Could such a thing actually exist? And what of the strangely-dressed Brick? Could a man so unflappable, odd, and powerful be real?
Henrietta had to wait until the end of her shift to get any answers though.
It was when she was walking home, and she flagged down a bus, that her normal and boring day took a turn.
Henrietta usually didn't take the bus; she didn't live that far away from where she worked. Plus, she always liked the light exercise. But with ominous-looking rain clouds building on the horizon, she had quickly decided that the bus was her only option. Plus, she was in a hurry to get home. She was in a hurry to push all the furniture to the side in her bedroom and to take up her magical hatpin.
But when she sat on the bus, it took Henrietta a long while to realise that it was empty save for her and the driver. In fact, it wasn't until the bus took a turn in the wrong direction that Henrietta suddenly looked up.
Had she gotten on the wrong bus? Wasn't it meant to turn left at Hickory Street?
For a while she just sat there, pressing herself closer to the glass so she could get a better view of where it was driving. But eventually she realised the bus was heading out of town. And that's when she got to her feet and cleared her throat.
Latching a hand onto a handrail so she didn't fall over considering how damn uncoordinated she was, Henrietta turned towards the driver. ‘Excuse me, but where are we headed? I think I may have gotten on the wrong bus.’
The driver didn't reply.
Henrietta took several steps forward, always ensuring to latch her hand over a rail so she didn't tumble over her own feet. ‘Excuse me, but where are we going? I think you better let me out; my stop is in the other direction.’
The driver still didn't answer.
In fact, it wasn't until Henrietta made her way up to the front of the bus that she figured out why. The driver was not wearing an ordinary cap, no, he wasn't even wearing an ordinary uniform. He was in a full leather jacket with a black leather Akubra.
He turned around and offered Henrietta a grin.
Brick.
Henrietta gripped harder onto the rail she was leaning next to, and she spluttered quickly. ‘What are you doing here? Are you a bus driver?’ It was a stupid question. From her brief experience with this man, she could bet that he was not a sodding bus driver. He was a warrior monk, with ninja-quick, lightening-like skills, a magical crossbow, and a jacket that seemed capable of swallowing anything.
Brick shook his head. ‘Don't worry, I used to drive the bus at the Warrior Monk Monastery; I have my bus license.’
It was such an incongruous thing to say, but at least it made Henrietta snort. And then she realised she was on a bus with Brick the warrior monk, headed out of town. ‘Where are you taking me?’ she asked quickly.
‘I know, I know, it's not night yet, and I did promise to come and get you at night. The only problem is, we have to get to work now. I have heard news of a witch on the outskirts of town, and she is playing around in the forest unfortunately.’ Brick shook his head briefly.
Henrietta clamped a hand on her face, crumpled her eyes closed, and shook her head. ‘What are you talking about?’
‘Really? Do I have to explain that you are a warrior woman witch hunter again?’ Brick turned around in his chair, not bothering to glance at the road, and giving Henrietta pause to wonder whether the man really did have his bus license.
Somehow he managed to keep the bus straight, and avoided every single cyclists and car in his path, while fixing Henrietta with a very disgruntled look.
‘You don't need to repeat that,’ she assured him after a moment. ‘But . . . ’ she trailed off. Because maybe Brick did need to repeat the story again, because maybe Henrietta still couldn't believe it completely.
Brick sighed and gave a croaking little cough into his hand. ‘Excellent. Then you should take the time to transform.’ He nodded towards the back of the bus. ‘There isn't much room here, so you might bang into a couple of rails, so be as careful as you can.’
She grimaced. ‘What are you talking about? I'm not going to change in a bus!’
‘Transform,’ he corrected her. ‘And yes you are. I am going to put the pedal to the metal, or whatever that human phrase is, and we are going to head out to the witch before she can set the forest on fire with her fireballs,’ Brick shook his head again. ‘It is appalling how some people have such poor hygiene around forest fires. You know,’ he put up a finger, neither hands on the wheel for a moment, ‘all it takes is an errant spark to start a forest fire, and that forest fire can go on to destroy property and lives. And this has been a dry summer,’ he emphasised.
Henrietta stared at him, her lips parting gently. He just babbled, and it was worse than the trash that usually came out of her mouth.
He turned to her again, taking both his hands off the wheel once more. ‘Go and transform,’ he nodded towards the back of the bus, ‘don't forget—’
‘I have to grab destiny,’ Henrietta finished his sentence. They probably weren't the exact words he was going to use, but it was the same sentiment.
Brick nodded. Then he turned back and he came good on his promise; the warrior monk slammed his foot onto the gas pedal, and the bus shot forward violently.
Henrietta grabbed harder onto the rail to steady herself. Then she began to walk backwards towards the end of the bus.
‘What are you doing?’ she asked herself as she pulled the hatpin carefully from her hair. It was sharp, and she had to be careful not to stab her neck as she tugged at it. She held it for a moment and gave it a jolly good staring at. ‘Really, girl, what are you doing?’
‘You are off to fight the witches,’ Brick called from the front of the bus, apparently having super hearing, as he had obviously picked up her quiet whisper easily.
She darted her eyes over to glare at him, and then she clutched the hatpin tighter. She closed her eyes for a moment.
Only several days ago she had been a normal sensible girl. An unlucky one, sure, but she certainly hadn't been involved in anything as bizarre and improbable as magic and witch hunting. Yet here she was in a speeding bus being driven by a warrior monk towards a witch.
Henrietta let out a heavy breath, then, glancing to the side quickly, she brought up the hatpin. ‘What happens if someone sees me transform? What happens if some kid captures it on his mobile phone?’ she asked as she paused there for a moment.
‘I'm driving too fast,’ Brick said, a smile in his words. ‘Plus, I have made some adjustments to this bus to ensure our anonymity. Feel free to change now, Warrior Woman Henrietta. We will be at our destination shortly.’
This is mad, Henrietta told herself.
She brought the pin up and wrote two words in the air: witch hunter.
Just as had happened last night, she began to transform. The symbols appeared at her feet, the energy rushed up her body, and then she began to float. Then, within about 20 seconds, her costume had fully formed over her body and she landed on the floor, falling over promptly and hitting her butt on the ground. She rubbed at it, swore a little, and then pulled herself up. She looked down at her outfit and shook her head. She brought a hand up and felt her mask, even letting her fingers play over her tight, neat, and quite sexy bun.
Henrietta Gosling had just become a witch hunter.
And apparently now it was time to hunt a witch.
Chapter Six
Henrietta never usually left town; she wasn't one for the country. She had always been a city girl, and to be honest, she got hay fever around too much grass. But here she was, jumping out of the bus, the tires still smoking, and walking her way towards the National Reserve forest that backed up onto the city.
It was still light, and would be for several hours yet, but the cicadas were already beating their wings, and there was a light breeze picking up and taking the edge off the heat.
Brick hadn't been wrong about one thing; the grass and trees really did seem to be dry. And now she put her mind to it, apart from the sudden scuds of rain that drenched her on her way to work, it really had been a dry summer.
‘Perfect weather for a fire,’ Brick shook his head, ‘and considering the low water content of the soil,’ he reached down, picked up some soil and rubbed it between his fingers, ‘this forest will go up like a firecracker.’
She looked at him and then shifted her gaze carefully towards the still-smoking tires. He followed her look and shrugged his shoulders. ‘Don't worry about them,’ he flicked his hands towards the bus, ‘they will be fine.’
She nodded her head, but then shook it when he turned away.
She held onto her wand tighter as she started to wonder just what she was doing. This was a public forest, a public reserve. And, quite naturally, it would be full of the public. Even though Brick had managed to park somewhere far away from the usual car park, somehow taking the bus cross-country to park it on top of a hill, Henrietta just knew they would run into people at some point.
She found herself clutching a hand on her skirt and trying to make it longer.
Brick watched her. ‘You don't want to do that. Long skirts just make you trip up,’ he nodded at her knowingly. ‘What you have there,’ he pointed closely to her skirt, ‘is the perfect length for action.’
She clutched her hands into fists but didn't say anything. Then she turned towards the forest, because she'd just heard something.
It sounded like a child crying. And once again, just as had happened last night, it sent a cold wave of nausea running through her body.
‘Witches,’ Brick said with a powerful sniff.
Henrietta redoubled her grip on her wand.
‘Warrior Woman Henrietta, it is time for work,’ Brick nodded forwards, then began to walk off towards the forest edge.
Despite the fact the ground was soft and full of holes, Henrietta did not trip over in her stupendous heels. Once again, she found she was walking with great ease, elegance even, and she knew that if she wanted to, she could probably flip right over the tree nearest to her. It was a very odd but kind of awesome sensation. And it saw her looking at her hands in admiration.
‘If you act somewhat like you did last night, this should be easy,’ Brick said, his statement hardly clear.
She narrowed her eyes quickly and turned to him, walking right over a large rock, even though any attempt to do so in those heels by a normal woman would see her fall on her back and break her legs. ‘What are you talking about? Why don't you tell me some real advice? Like what are the witches, and how am I meant to fight them? What spells are the best? If I write anything in the air, will it happen? Why don't I just write ‘witch disappear’?’
Brick frowned at her, clearly looking confused. ‘But you were fine last night.’
Henrietta gave an angry harrumph. ‘I played it by ear last night, and we barely got out of there alive. If you are meant to be my warrior monk helper, then you tell me what I have to do. I don't even know what a witch is.’
‘Really?’ He looked dumbfounded.
She wanted to hit him. He knew that she knew nothing about this magical world, and that before yesterday, she had never experienced anything like this in her life.
‘I thought everyone knew what witches are?’ he pointed out again.
She actually balled up a fist and went to hit him, but the lithe and quick man ducked out of the way in a flash. ‘Why would you punch me?’ he asked quickly, surprise obvious.
‘Because you are being so bloody obtuse. If you want me to help get rid of these witches, and if you're meant to assist me in that task, then bloody well assist me. What are witches, and what kind of spells should I use to defeat them?’
The two of them kept on walking through the forest, and at that moment, they finally found the path, but they also found something else. Just as Henrietta finished asking Brick what kind of spells she should use, too surprised-looking old ladies rounded the corner.
And they stopped, and they stared.
Henrietta couldn't blame them, because Henrietta was dressed in ways that an old lady could never approve of. And what was more, she was walking around with a man in a ridiculous leather jacket and hat, with incredible billowing, puffy clothes.
The two old ladies stood there, exchanging glances and staring on at Henrietta and Brick.
But Brick did not stop, he just nodded their way, gave them an affable smile, and waved Henrietta forward.
Henrietta was horrified, her eyes grew larger under her mask, and she almost wanted to clamp her hands over her face and hide behind them, because there was no way she was going to manage to hide behind the scraps of fabric she was wearing.
Brick looked at her and shrugged with his head further along the path, the move quick, and it was obvious he wanted her to hurry up.
So eventually, cold embarrassment still wrapping around her, Henrietta turned away from the women and ran up the path.
‘Oh my god,’ she mumbled when she was sure they were out of earshot, ‘oh my god, I have ruined everything. Those two ladies saw me!’
Brick just shrugged. ‘And?’
Henrietta looked at him, her horrified expression growing with every second. ‘They saw me in this,’ she clutched a hand onto her bodice and tapped it there.
Brick looked down at the bodice, but not once did it seem as if his gaze was lecherous in any way; it was just cold and pointed. ‘Do you have a problem with the national dress of the witch hunters?’
‘Yes,’ she said after a pointed pause. ‘But . . . isn't this meant to be secret?’ she quickly added, finally getting to her real question. ‘Aren't people never meant to find out about me or the witches?’ she brought up her wand and waved it around, ‘or magic?’
Brick nodded his head. ‘They won't find out about the witches, and they certainly aren't meant to find out about your true identity. But this is not because you require anonymity from the public; it is because the witches might find out, and if the witches find out, they will come to your house in the night and surround you in so much flame that you can't get out.’
Henrietta's hand gave a violent twitch, and she clutched it to her chest as she conjured that mental image. ‘Sorry?’
‘But as for people finding out about magic, frankly, it's not going to happen. They will just think you are a loony running around in a costume. Plus, that is where the wand comes in.’
She was ready to hit him for the statement she was just a loony running around in a costume, but she paused. ‘What do you mean that's where my wand comes in?’
Brick pointed to it. ‘You are right, Warrior Woman Henrietta, you do have the sacred task of keeping magic, the witches, and your true identity secret, but you have several powerful tools to assist you in that area. Also, you must remember that no which would ever fight in front of an ordinary human. It is a witch's last desire to become known by humanity. They live in the shadows, and though they come out to do damage, they do so secretly. All magical races, I think you will find, enjoy their anonymity from humanity.’ Brick nodded sternly as he spoke, and he had the kind of tone that suggested he was a teacher conveying his wisdom to his attentive pupil. Except the only problem was Henrietta was more gob smacked than attentive.
‘But I thought you said that the witch in the forest is about to set it alight, that kind of sounds like the type of behaviour—’ Henrietta began.
Brick brought up a hand. ‘You misunderstand. Witches will certainly act to destroy both lives and property, but they will do so from the shadows. They will only make themselves known to their victims, and never to the general public. They are a secretive race, and this has always made our war with them a shadow one.’
‘So what do we do then?’
‘Simple, we find the witch, we fight her, you contain her, then we go home,’ Brick smiled genuinely.
‘But what happens if someone recognises me? What happens if someone comes across me while I'm fighting the witch? What happens if someone sees my magic? Witches may be secretive, but what happens if I make a mistake?’ It was a very important question for Henrietta to ask considering her track record in life. She was the one who failed at everything, she was the girl who made every mistake possible, and she was certainly capable of screwing this up.
Brick took a moment to think, his eyes darting up, and his lips crumpling to the side. ‘Humanity is a curious race. Even if they see magic, their tendency is to rationalise it away.’
It wasn't a very good answer. ‘You aren't answering my question,’ she spat back, once again the effect of her costume making her a great deal stronger and more forthright than she usually was. ‘Am I going to get in trouble if someone sees my magic? Am I going to be dragged up in front of some kind of Witch-Hunter Council? Is my wand going to be taken away from me? Is some secret and shadowy government organisation going to swoop in and kidnap me?’
Brick shrugged his shoulders. ‘I'm not sure.’
His answer made Henrietta's cheeks burn with anger. ‘What do you mean you're not sure? You are meant to be my helper. You are a warrior monk, you were given the sacred task of helping me hunt the witches,’ she reeled off the facts she had learned from him last night. ‘So how can you not be sure? You seem to know everything about the witches and witch hunters, and I don't know a thing.’
Brick suddenly gave a little cough, and it caught Henrietta's attention, because it was very careful.
He didn't answer her question though, so Henrietta took a breath and got ready to steam roll on. ‘How many other which hunters are there out there? How long have we been fighting the witches? Is there some kind of organisation I now belong to?’
As Henrietta kept on pumping out her questions, Brick looked less and less sure of himself, which was an odd and unusual expression for the warrior monk to hold.
Henrietta ground to a halt, the heels of her boots digging into the soft and dry ground. ‘What aren't you telling me?’
Brick cleared his throat, running his tongue along his lip, and looking up into the sky. ‘That there kind of haven't been witch hunters for a couple of hundred years,’ he finally managed to say.
She scrunched up her features. ‘What?’
He shrugged his shoulders. ‘You are kind of on your own,’ he brought his arm up and scratched at his neck uneasily.
‘What do you mean I'm on my own?’
‘You know last night when I told you it took me a couple of years to find you?’ Brick asked through a bizarrely frozen and stiff smile.
Henrietta didn't answer.
‘Well, by a couple, I meant a couple of hundred. I've been looking for you for 350 years.’
Henrietta started to pale.
‘All of the other witch hunters are . . . to put it lightly . . . dead,’ Brick blinked awkwardly.
‘Dead?’ Henrietta said the word very carefully and respectfully, suddenly feeling very solemn even though she had never known a witch hunter to exist before last night. But the prospect that she was now the only one left . . . it made her shoulders droop and her eyes widen.
Brick now latched his hand onto his neck and rubbed it there. ‘I was meant to find you before the last war, however, you hadn’t been born yet. We got the prophecy wrong,’ he sighed heavily, and now didn't so much look awkward as incredibly grief stricken. It was an expression he only held for a moment, and it gave a hint at the fact that under Brick's odd exterior was quite possibly a real man.
‘Prophecy?’ she said the word uneasily.
Brick nodded. ‘You were meant to be the witch hunter to finally put an end to the war,’ Brick did not look at her. ‘But considering you weren't born 350 years ago . . . .’ he trailed off. And he didn't need to finish his sentence; Henrietta got the picture.
She swallowed carefully, bringing up her hands and resting them on her chest and stomach.
‘But I finally found you,’ the light returned to Brick's gaze. ‘And, who knows, the prophecy may now turn out to be true. You may be the witch hunter to finally end the war. Or at least we can hope you will be . . . because you are the last witch hunter, and when you die, well, there will be no stopping them.’
Henrietta almost felt like throwing up. Her strange experience of finding a magical hatpin and transforming into a witch hunter had just taken a turn from the fabulous to the serious. She really doubted that Brick was lying; the very sad edge to his expression didn't seem as if it could be faked. Which left Henrietta facing the horrible prospect that she was the last witch hunter alive and that it was her responsibility to end the shadow war with the witches.
‘So, to answer your question, I don't know what will happen if people see you doing magic; you are the first witch hunter to exist in modern times. Although, obviously, it would be preferable that no one ever saw you, we will have to see what happens if they do.’
Henrietta locked her teeth together and grimaced. She really didn't want to find out what could happen. Because what happened if all of those books and fantasy movies were right? What if the government came and kidnapped her and did all sorts of experiments on her?
‘We must press on,’ Brick nodded forwards. ‘That witch is near.’ As if to confirm his statement, Henrietta heard an odd sound in the distance, a sound that almost reminded her of a child.
It sent a familiar flutter of fear through her stomach.
She still had a lot of questions for Brick, such as if he had been looking for her for 350 years, and if he had come from a warrior monk monastery, then how on earth had he gotten his bus license? Henrietta was no history buff, but she did know that buses hadn't existed centuries ago. She didn't have time to point out that incongruity to Brick; she started to smell smoke.
‘Drat,’ Brick said.
She was about to pull him up on saying the word drat when a quick wind whistled through the air. It brought with it a strange sizzling and crackling sound, and well before Brick told her to duck, Henrietta had flattened herself onto the ground. Her face and nose pressed into the dirt, and she breathed in a whiff of the dry dust. Instantly it made her cough, but she also had the presence of mind to roll to the side as an actual fireball slammed right into the ground next to her. It started to crackle then whipped into flame.
Henrietta had served firemen for long enough to realise how dangerous forest fires were. When it was summer, when there was a breeze, when the ground was dry, the forest behind the city could go up like a tinderbox. All it could take was a smoking cigarette for the entire place to burst into flame.
Henrietta pushed herself to her feet, bringing her wand forward. She glanced quickly to the side to see that Brick was fine, and had just whipped out his crossbow, pointing it towards the fire. In another second he shot, and the familiar blue spark erupted from the crossbow. It landed in the flames, pushing them out and fanning them forward with its force. Then a symbol began to grow, and as it did the crackling flames began to die.
‘Hurry, contain the witch; I can fight the fire, but not very effectively,’ Brick ran to the side and shot at a different burst of flames that had just shot up the side of a tree.
Henrietta locked her knees, braced her shoulders, and twisted her head. She tried to listen to the witch, tried to figure out where it was. But as she did, she brought her wand up and she wrote the word water.
A unique blue, flickering symbol that reminded her of the ocean depths appeared at her feet. Then water rushed and hurled out of it, shooting forward and up around Henrietta, until it reached a zenith that equalled the height of the tallest tree. It flopped down to the earth in a great clap. It absolutely soaked the trees around her, including Brick, and it managed to put the fire out in a second.
Brick stood there for a moment, with rivulets of water rushing off his hat and down his face.
Henrietta wanted to giggle at him, but now was not the time for giggling.
She planted her hand into the ground and flipped to the side, somersaulting incredibly high and over a fireball as it swooshed past her.
She landed, then brought up her wand.
Blizzard.
Once again the word just seemed to pop into her head. It appeared that while she was running around desperately trying to keep herself safe, her imagination was ticking along in the background. Possibilities to address the horrendous situation around her kept zipping into her mind, just simple words that she could write with her wand.
As she finished the word blizzard, a rush of cold wind and snowflakes whirled from a symbol underneath her feet, and they pushed her jacket and skirt up, probably showing way too much underpant real estate. But the blizzard began to whip up and twist around and around her, sending the freezing snowflakes left right and centre.
Though the snowflakes hit the burning forest ground, the flames sizzling under the onslaught, the wind also fanned them outwards.
It was a bad move, Henrietta suddenly realised. Yes, the blizzard was cold, and the snow was thick, but there was now so many different spot fires dotted around her, that the wind from the blizzard also pushed them further afield, sending sparks into more dry scrub.
It also made visibility low. The snow was that thick that it made it hard to see beyond a meter or two, and the witch was still deep in the forest.
Stop blizzard.
Henrietta wrote the words quickly in the air, and was glad to see that the second she finished her move the blizzard abated, errant snowflakes drifting around her until they settled on the ground by her feet.
She had made a mistake, and she glanced at the side and saw the fire burning further into the forest. She bit her lip hard and took a shifting breath.
‘Don't stop, get the witch before she can set the whole place alight,’ Brick pointed out desperately.
Henrietta began to run forward.
She really didn't know what she was meant to write, and as Brick had given her little guidance, she realised that she would probably have to learn for herself.
How about ‘help me’? She could write that and see what would happen.
As Henrietta pushed herself forward, her heels clicking along the rocks and ground, she brought her wand up. Her jacket flared out behind her, and her skirt bunched up and down as her legs pumped forward.
Just before she wrote the words in the air, she stopped herself. It seemed like a very open spell. It felt like an invitation to anyone and anything. And the prospect of it sent a shiver down her spine. Perhaps the witch would take the invitation to help itself to Henrietta, or something equally as horrible.
But Henrietta had to do something, so she brought up her wand again and wrote water. And once again a tidal wave rushed out from her position, but it didn't rush far enough that it managed to get all of the fire. Plus, as the witch darted through the trees around her, wherever the creature ran, she set the place alight. And as the witch set off fireballs, streaming them towards Henrietta, some of them zipped off course and travelled deep into the forest.
Suddenly Henrietta thought of those two old ladies. And she got the horrendous mental image of the two dears walking along only for a fireball to sizzle past their purple rinse curls and to slam into a tree over their heads.
Brick was right, she had to end this. She had to stop the witch before she could hurt anyone.
So Henrietta wrote the next word she could think of.
Frost.
It was an odd spell to pin her hopes on, and as she finished writing it, she began to regret it. She didn't have the time to waste on spells that would not help her; the forest around her was already starting to crackle and burst into flames.
As frost shot out from a symbol at her feet and covered the forest around her, Henrietta noticed something. Not only did it damp down the fire and singeing leaves at her feet, but it seemed to protect the forest from any more sparks.
After all, the frost she had just conjured up was no normal one. It was not a light smattering of frozen water droplets over the leaves and bark; it was deep and thick. It covered the ground, trees, branches, and foliage in a casing of frozen water. It was almost like an armour against the fire. As the sparks floated through the forest, and fireballs kept on cracking her way, they no longer ate into the soft and dry wood, but glanced off the ground, coming to rest and sizzling and steaming, but not causing the leaves and grass to a burst into flames.
It also made the witch scream.
Henrietta could hear it closer now; the keening cry sounded as if it could only be several meters to her left.
She changed direction, her jacket flattening over her legs, but never tripping her up.
Frost ball.
She wrote the words in the air, and a whirl of frost crystals erupted around her, twisting around until they balled together and then shot forward.
If frost had worked so well to contain the fire, then perhaps it would work well on the witch too.
Henrietta could now see the creature rushing through the forest. Like the one from last night, she looked like a terribly thin and glum young woman. She had sallow, large, round eyes. She was wearing the remnants of a summer dress, but it was just so many rags against her pale skin. She had long unkempt hair and she wore no shoes.
As Henrietta ran forward she desperately tried to think. She really didn't want to write the word hole in the air, and have a massive hole form over the forest floor. Not only would it get rid of an incredible section of trees, but any woodland creature or insect currently tucked into some hollow of a log would get a nasty surprise.
But how else could she get rid of that witch?
Henrietta darted to the side and wrote ‘wall’ quickly before her, that familiar magical wall forming in front of her just as a fireball slammed her way.
Then she twisted to the side and wrote frost, a thick blanket of frost covering the forest around her.
As she ran and wrote, she had to admit something; the more she wrote, the more tired she became. It was as if her wrist was facing writer’s cramp or bad RSI, but the words would not flow as freely any more.
Had she run out of magic? Had she cast too many spells? Had Brick neglected to mention to her that there was a limit on how many things she could write?
She was getting closer to the witch now, and Henrietta seemed to be faster than the creature.
The witch stopped, whirled on the spot, her unkempt and greasy hair flying over her shoulder and slapping into her neck and face. The creature opened her jaw wide and let out a horrible cry. Then she balled her fists up, familiar cracks of red fire appearing over her skin.
Henrietta had to do something to stop the witch, stop the fire collecting over her, to finally defeat the creature.
She skidded to a halt, her boots snagging on the ground as a quick surge of fear rushed through her. Her elegance and agility left her in a snapped moment, and Henrietta fell over unceremoniously.
She was terrified. It was the look in the witch's eye. It was the proximity of the creature. It was the horrible promise that kept on flickering through its eyes.
Henrietta almost lost her grip on her wand, but she just managed to keep hold of it.
Then the witch sent a fireball right towards her. Henrietta rolled, but not before the fire landed just next to her and singed her leg.
Henrietta screamed, and it was a deep, primitive move, perhaps the most desperate noise she had ever made.
Her leg burnt, it ached, it sent stabbing pain all the way through her.
She clutched a hand to it, but just as she did, she looked up, her eyes plastering open as the witch now stood before her. More and more fire crackled over its skin.
Henrietta was about to receive a fireball to the face. And she didn't need Brick to tell her that would be fatal.
Shackle.
With a shaking hand, Henrietta wrote the word as quickly as she could.
And just as the witch flung her hands back, ready to send a burst of fire right at Henrietta's face, chains appeared out of nowhere and wrapped around the creature's wrists, shackling her to the ground.
The witch shrieked, and Henrietta took the opportunity to push back to her feet, getting as far away from it as she could. Then she clutched a hand onto her singed and burnt leg.
Suddenly Brick appeared at her side, and it was just as she stumbled backwards, ready to fall again. But he caught her, wrapped in arm around her middle, and brought her steadily back to her feet.
‘You fly fast, Warrior Woman Henrietta; I lost track of you,’ he said through quick and strangled breaths. Then he looked down at her. ‘You are weakened. You have cast too many spells.’
As he said it, Henrietta knew it was the truth; she felt tired all over, and the wrist she used to write with seemed to be stiff and unmovable.
‘But we haven't yet overcome the witch,’ he warned. And then he took a step back from her, bringing his crossbow out. He aimed it right at Henrietta's stomach.
Even though she was still shaking from her fatigue and the pain radiating up her leg, she shuddered backwards. ‘Brick, what are you doing?’
The witch crashed about in the background, and the sounds of the chains that shackled her to the ground clinked and clanged through the forest.
‘Casting a magical magnification field,’ he said, and with that he shot his crossbow. The blue sparks streamed from the end and landed right in her chest.
She doubled over, not from the force of it, but from the shock. But it did not knock her off her feet, and it did not kill her. In seconds an incredibly bright blue mandala appeared at her feet, and as it did, a rush of energy pushed through it and into her.
‘Write the word ‘banished’ in the air,’ Brick shouted at her.
She did not hesitate.
Which was strange for Henrietta. She was the kind of girl that took half an hour to decide what to eat. She was the kind of girl who agonised over what colour T-shirt she should buy. She was the kind of girl who took hours and hours to make a decision. But right now she wasn't hesitating. She brought up her wand and she wrote the word banished in the air.
As soon as she finished it, a strange black light shot out from an equally strange black symbol at her feet. It brought with it an odd rushing sensation that felt as if Henrietta had her back turned towards some kind of void.
The witch began to scream, but the black light surged forward and soon encased her. And then the view of the witch seemed to pull away, as if she was being sucked into some invisible portal. The sound of its cry grew dimmer and dimmer until both it and the witch disappeared.
Henrietta slumped forward. Brick caught her. And then he patted her very heavily on the back. ‘Excellent work.’
Henrietta let out a horribly beleaguered sigh. She felt like hell.
‘You did let yourself get burnt, and you almost died, but apart from that, it was alright,’ Brick pointed out, as if he was trying to cheer her up.
She slowly and languidly shifted her gaze to him. It was clear Brick had no social skills, but at least the friendly smile on his face did look genuine.
Then she heard the sirens.
Brick turned his head to the side. ‘It sounds like the Fire Service are finally here.’
Henrietta stood up and looked around her. The forest was most definitely on fire. Although it wasn't a raging inferno, and although the sections she had covered in frost still appeared to be immune, there were little flames and bursts of smoke dotting up everywhere.
She brought her wand up.
Brick brought his hand over, rested it on her wrist, and pushed down. ‘You do not have the magic left,’ he pointed out carefully, looking at her very evenly.
‘But I have to do something,’ she said breathlessly, swaying a little on her feet.
‘A banishment spell is the hardest one to perform, and uses up all residual magic you have. You need to rest now. Let the Fire Service deal with this.’ Brick removed his hand from her wrist.
‘But what about your crossbow? Surely there is something you can do?’ Henrietta asked desperately as she surveyed the fire. She felt more than a little guilty for it. After all, it had been her inexpertly-chosen blizzard spell that had pushed the flames out so far. And if she had been quicker at banishing the witch, none of this would have happened.
‘I am out of bolts,’ Brick admitted quickly. ‘And you and I must now leave. While I do not know what would happen if the humans saw us committing magic in the forest, I am sure they would pause to stare at your costume regardless of whether you were waving your wand around or not.’
It was the first time that Brick had ever admitted that just maybe Henrietta's costume was outrageous, but she was too tired to bring him up on it. She felt totally drained.
‘The fire is small, and it should be easily contained,’ Brick assured her. ‘So now it is time for you and me to get on a bus and to leave.’ With that Brick wrapped an arm around her middle and then he began to run.
Chapter Seven
Henrietta was drying glasses, but she had a look of abject fear plastered over her face as she did. She was listening into a conversation between Jimmy and one of his fire fighting friends.
The friend was telling him about the fantastic-looking broad in the outrageous costume he'd seen in the forest.
‘Look, Jimmy, I am telling you, she had boots up to her thighs,’ the friend brought his hand up, making a chopping motion at his own legs. ‘And the heels were sky scrapers.’
Jimmy laughed, that fantastic smile of his spreading across his lips. ‘Are you sure it wasn't just smoke inhalation?’ he asked as he slapped his friend on the back.
‘Smoke inhalation? She was wearing a bodice, and her skirt,’ the guy's voice suddenly went so high it sounded like he hadn't gone through puberty yet, ‘was the shortest I have ever seen.’
Jimmy laughed again.
Henrietta had been drying the same glass for about five minutes now.
‘Come on, Jimmy, you have to admit this is incredible,’ his friend said emphatically.
Jimmy didn't stop laughing, but his eyebrows did crumple down after a moment. ‘I'll tell you what is incredible, did you hear about the frost?’
Henrietta's hands seized up and it took a lot of effort for her to encourage her body to move again.
She was terrified.
‘What frost?’ The friend's face pressed up with interest.
Jimmy brought a hand up to his head, latched onto his brow, and looked confused for a moment. ‘Look, I have no idea how it got there, maybe it was just some kids playing pranks,’ he tried, but his voice had a distant edge to it, and it was clear he didn't believe his own suggestion for a second, ‘but there were whole tracks of forest that were covered in the thickest frost. It was one of the reasons we didn't have a serious bushfire on our hands yesterday.’
The friend looked impressed. ‘I heard Rodriguez says something about that, but I thought he was tugging my leg.’
Henrietta took a massive swallow and finally put the glass down, picking up another one.
Jimmy flicked his eyes over to her. ‘You probably think we are mad, don't you, Henni?’
Perhaps Jimmy was misreading the look of abject horror on her face, but eventually she shook her head, then nodded it. ‘I'm sure there's an innocent explanation for everything,’ she said through several more swallows.
Jimmy sniggered. ‘You are being very diplomatic. Still, that frost . . . .’ he trailed off.
His friend brought up his hands and made a motion like he was tracing out the outline of a woman's body. ‘And that outfit,’ he whistled.
Jimmy brought out a hand and slapped his friend on the shoulder. ‘Very smooth.’
Henrietta wanted to pry herself away from the conversation, she wanted to put her glass down, let go of her tea towel, and run away as fast as she could. But that would certainly look strange, and she had to admit she was fascinated by what they were saying, in the kind of way that people sometimes pick at their scabs.
Someone had seen her in the forest yesterday, seen enough of her to get a full glance at what she was wearing and just how short her skirt was. And more than that, the frost she had cast on the forest had remained, and Jimmy Field, Mr December, had seen it. So much for keeping her anonymity, in only her second fight she had already started to make herself known.
Brick was probably going to kill her.
Once again after her fight yesterday he had promised that he would come and see her tonight. Apparently she would no longer have any night to herself; she would be fighting witches from now until the end of the shadow war.
It hadn't really sunk in yet, of course it hadn't. Henrietta was going to go from being an entirely normal but incredibly unlucky Cafe waitress, to being the only remaining witch hunter in the world. She was going to go from having zero responsibility, to being responsible for everyone and everything. Because if she failed at her sacred duty, her destiny as Brick called it, then the witches would win. And as she had met two witches already, she could now appreciate that would not be a good thing. According to Brick, though they loved their anonymity and mystery, witches still did all they could do damage and harm lives and property. And if they grew in power, and they were unchecked, there would be a day when they would throw their anonymity to the wind and pounce upon humanity in full.
Henrietta took another uneasy swallow and finally picked up another glass.
Jimmy turned to her. ‘Are you okay today?’
No, she wanted to answer. I am most definitely not okay. I am dealing with an incredible situation, and I have no one to talk to apart from a warrior monk in a ridiculous leather jacket who calls himself Brick. But instead of saying anything like that, she peeled her lips open into what she hoped was a friendly smile. ‘Sure.’
Jimmy nodded, though he looked as if he wanted to add something, because his eyes darted over her, and it seemed he wasn't entirely satisfied with her answer.
So Henrietta rushed to get there first. ‘Have you talked to Marcia recently?’
Jimmy straightened up and he lost that careful, concerned, professional edge. Seriously, all it took was the mention of Henrietta's sister's name, and this capable, incredible man turned into putty.
Jimmy got what could only be termed a dumb smile on his face, and his friend leaned in, chuckled, and patted him on the back wildly. ‘He saw her last night,’ the friend guffawed.
Even though Henrietta wanted to raise an eyebrow at them, she kept her smile in place. Because while they were talking about Marcia they were not talking about her, and neither were they talking about the strange woman in the strange costume that had run through the forest yesterday. And those were good things. So even though Henrietta really didn't like the topic of her sister, she spent the next five minutes distracting Jimmy with it. And it worked perfectly.
But the rest of the day wound on. Just like yesterday, Henrietta found herself seized with the desire to run into the bathroom, grab up her hatpin, and write the name witch hunter in the air just to see what would happen. By now she understood the process; a strange symbol would appear at her feet, energy would crackle over her, she would begin to float, her clothes would disappear, and in their place an incredibly skanky outfit would take place instead.
Seriously, it was still amazing. To think she had that kind of power. . . . 
As she worked that day, Henrietta listened into every single conversation she could between any of the firemen that came in for lunch or a coffee. Some of them talked of the fire, some of them talked of what they would do on the weekend, and more than a few talked about the strange woman they'd seen in the forest.
Henrietta really tried to keep herself composed as she listened to their stories, but it was hard. From the guffaws, to the fake wolf whistles, to the sheer disbelief, everybody had their own version of events. But not once did she hear one of them mention a witch. A thin, gaunt-looking young woman in a broken and burnt summer dress who crackled fire from her skin. And this too was a very good thing. Because while the frost left in the forest was bizarre and mysterious, and while a woman running around in outrageous adult outfit was certainly unusual, if anyone had seen the witch, that would have been a different kettle of fish. It wouldn't have been so easy to explain that away; a creature who could produce fire from cracks in their skin.
Still, it had been close, perilously close. So by the time work ended, Henrietta found herself worked up into a frenzy. She ran home as quickly as she could, tripping over a dog leash on the way and knocking her knee and shin badly, but never letting up her pace.
She wanted to get home, by god she wanted to pull the hatpin from her hair, and then she wanted to stare at it. In the bath, of course, because she didn't want to make another sodding great hole in her floorboards.
But when Henrietta finally reached her house, a shaking hand inserting the key into her lock and tugging the door open, it was to the sound of Barney giving a happy bark.
Even though Henrietta had owned Barney for years and years, the dog never usually welcomed her home with a bit of canine chatter. So as soon as Henrietta heard it, she found herself frowning deeply. When she walked all the way through her hall and into her bedroom she realised why.
She stopped, her lips pursed together, her hands slammed on her hips, and she narrowed her eyes.
There was a man sitting on her bed, playing with her dog, and he was wearing a ridiculous leather jacket.
Brick looked up at her, picked that ridiculous leather hat off his head and tipped it at her, and then went back to playing with Barney.
‘You do not have much sustenance in your house,’ Brick pointed out before she could start shouting at him.
His strange statement derailed her anger for a moment. ‘What are you talking about?’
Brick shrugged towards the kitchen. ‘I have gone through all the food available in this residence, yet it was not sufficient. Where are your stores?’ Brick kept on scratching under Barney's chin.
Barney never usually liked people. He tolerated them all right, but he certainly didn't like them. And yet here he was obviously enjoying Brick's company. The little sell-out.
Henrietta clapped her hands down hard on her hips, and shifted her jaw around in frustration and anger. ‘What do you mean you've eaten all my food?’
‘There was not much to start off with. And as a warrior monk, I have a considerable appetite. So I am enquiring where you keep your stores for the winter. I went through your house, but I could not find a cellar stocked with meats and cheeses, so where are they?’
Henrietta's eyebrows were now so far down, that she could hardly see out of her eyes. ‘Meats and cheeses? A store for the winter? What the hell are you talking about?’
Brick looked at her nonplussed for a moment, then his expression became just a touch disdainful. ‘And you call yourself a witch hunter.’
She spluttered. ‘I do not call myself a witch hunter, you do. And you'd better pay for all the food you ate, Mr,’ she pointed out with a huff.
Brick looked confused again. ‘Pay?’
She knew he was playing dumb; of course Brick knew what money was. Or at least she hoped he did. Because Henrietta was on a bit of a budget here, and if Brick had cleaned her house out of all the food she had, it would cost a hell of a lot to stock her pantry up again.
Before Henrietta could get angry at Brick, he sighed and stood up. Then he shifted his shoulders around as if he was getting ready for some action, the leather of his jacket squeaking. ‘Are you ready for some witch hunting tonight?’
She didn't answer. She crossed her arms and held them there. As she stood, Brick several meters from her, her sell-out. little corgi looking up at him with adoring eyes, Henrietta started to realise there was still a lot about this situation she didn't know. Far too much in fact.
Who was this Brick character? And where had he appeared from?
Brick watched her carefully, and he probably saw how sallow her expression was becoming. ‘Does something bother you, Warrior Woman Henrietta?’
‘Yes,’ she proclaimed easily, ‘you do. I want to know more about you, I want to know more about this situation. You told me a little yesterday, but I need to know more. Just who are these witches and where did they come from? And more to the point, if you have been looking for me for 350 years, then how old are you?’
They weren't exactly the questions Henrietta had wanted to ask; she wanted to know everything she could, but somehow she got stuck on how old Brick was, and though she could have easily asked a fresh volley of questions, she desperately wanted to know the answer to that. So she waited.
‘Witches are your enemy,’ he answered easily.
‘I don't want your black-and-white answers, you tell me who they are, where they come from, and what they are after. If I am meant to fight these . . . creatures, then I need to know everything about them.’
Brick gave a sigh, then reached up, took his hat off, and crammed it into the pocket in his jacket. Once again, even though the jacket was large, there was not a single ruffle or bulge to indicate that a massive hat had just been stuffed inside it. It was like it had just disappeared.
‘It is hard to explain. But with time you will understand the witches. But for now, I can tell you of their origin. They are a race that parallels humanity; as humans have developed, so have the witches.’
Henrietta started to frown. Sure, Brick was apparently answering her question, but she didn't understand what he was saying. It wasn't the kind of information she wanted. She wanted hard answers, facts she could understand. So she crossed her arms tighter, frowned even deeper, and made sure Brick was watching when she did. ‘But who are they?’
‘They are a kind of magical race. They are, if you forgive the term, evil.’ His eyes sparkled, but it wasn't an endearing sparkle, it was almost ominous.
‘Evil?’ Henrietta took a large and loud swallow. She didn't believe in evil, and she didn't believe in black-and-white answers, but there was something about the way that Brick had just said it that gave her pause for thought.
‘They are malicious, they are murderers, and they will act in any way they can to take advantage over humanity,’ Brick added.
‘But why?’ Henrietta wanted an answer, she wanted the kind of answer that would make sense to her. Whether it be a psychological reason, or a statement about recent impact, she wanted to be able to understand the motivations of the witches. Just being evil . . . it didn't make sense. It didn't fit into her world view.
Brick shook his head. ‘They are evil,’ he answered again, and there was a note of gravitas in his voice. It made Henrietta shut up and listen.
Then Brick gave a sigh, it was heavy, and it really riveted Henrietta's attention. ‘To be honest, Warrior Woman Henrietta, I have no good answer for you. I have been searching this earth for 350 years for you, and in that time the legends of the witches have passed. I have held onto what knowledge I have, and so has the warrior monk class, but the true origins and nature of the witches were always held with the witch hunters.’
Henrietta watched him carefully, her eyes wide with interest. ‘And they are all dead,’ she answered, her voice hollow.
At first Brick nodded his head and then he shook it. ‘No, they are not all dead; you are alive. But unfortunately the knowledge that was held with the other witch hunters . . . that is gone forever.’
Henrietta felt uneasy at his answer, incredibly uneasy. She didn't like being in a position where she didn't understand what she was fighting and what was happening to her; it made it very hard to make a reasoned decision.
‘But I can tell you this, there are other kinds of witches that differ from that which you have already encountered,’ Brick continued.
Henrietta instantly frowned. ‘What do you mean other kinds?’
Brick brought his hand up and started to count on his fingers. ‘There are water witches, snow witches, lightning witches—and you really don't want to meet those ones . . . . Now, let's see, what else? Oh, there are King Witches and Queen Witches.’
‘King Witches? What do you mean? I thought all witches were women?’
‘You thought wrong.’
‘But what is a King Witch?’
‘Ah, it is good you have brought this up,’ Brick patted down on his jacket and then sat heavily on Henrietta's bed.
Henrietta got ready to shout at him to get off her bed, but then he raised a hand, and that ominous look was back in his eyes.
‘A King Witch has moved into town,’ Brick said, and his voice was low with warning.
Even though Henrietta had no idea what a King Witch was, she swallowed hard.
‘It is only a rumour for now, but I have heard from my fellow warrior monk brethren that such a creature is now at large in this city.’ Brick shook his head, and he looked uncharacteristically emotional, even fearful as he spoke. ‘It is quite possible this man has been here for some time, and that only know we have become aware of his presence.’
It was the only thing that was stopping Henrietta from interrupting—the tight pull of Brick's lips and the wary look in his eye . . . . He couldn't be faking that.
‘Okay . . . then when do we go and get him?’ Henrietta asked. She wasn't usually this proactive. And, seriously, she had only found out she was a witch hunter several days ago. And yet, here she was, asking her crazy warrior monk partner when they were going to go and clean up the town of King Witches.
Brick looked up at her, and for a moment pride flickered in his eyes. ‘I am gladdened that you are finally taking this seriously.’ But then he shook his head. ‘But you are not ready to face the King Witches yet.’
A very uneasy and cold feeling spread through Henrietta's chest. ‘What do you mean?’
That serious, ominous look began to grow again, and Brick narrowed his eyes. ‘A King Witch or a Queen Witch has access to a great deal more power than any other type. While a fire witch can only command fire, a water witch water, and a lightning witch lightning, a King and Queen Witch can command all sorts of spells.’
Henrietta found herself instinctively bringing her hand up to her hairpin and pulling it free. Then she held it close to her chest. It was an odd move, and Brick watched it with interest. But then he cleared his throat to continue. ‘They are also . . . indistinguishable from ordinary humanity. While the fire witch or water witch will stay close to the dark, to the shadows, and never come out, a King and Queen Witch are well-schooled in human behaviours. They can go unnoticed amongst people, they can buy houses in suburbia, even keep up the pretence of having a normal job and family. . . .’
Henrietta found herself blinking furiously. It was the combination of what he was saying and how he was saying it; it was just so creepy that it sent all sorts of nasty shivers up her spine and down her back.
‘And not only do they command a great deal of spells, but they can command other witches. They serve as a point of organisation. A King or Queen Witch can command a coven, delegating tasks, building power.’
Henrietta kept on pawing at her hatpin, and it seemed to be the only thing that could calm her.
‘So, believe me when I say, Warrior Woman Henrietta, you are not yet ready to fight a King Witch. However, if the reports are correct, and one has moved into this town, then one day you must address this threat. But not today,’ Brick shook his head one more time with a note of finality.
‘But when? I mean, if this King Witch is such a threat . . . shouldn't we address it as soon as we can?’ Again, Henrietta was being proactive. Perhaps it was the sheer fact that this King Witch promised horrendous trouble, or maybe it was the effect of the hairpin as she kept on rubbing it, but at that moment Henrietta had lost all disbelief in the situation. All she wanted to do was address the looming threat that Brick promised.
‘When you are ready. There are still many witches in this town of lower grade and skill, and it is upon these that you must practice. But we will have the goal of one day working up to the Witch King,’ Brick lifted his chin and his eyes sparkled with determination.
‘Witch King . . . ’ Henrietta said the words, but as she did, she rubbed her hand too far down the hatpin, and cut her thump along the sharp side. With a yelp she dropped it, bringing her thumb up to her mouth and sucking on it.
The hatpin landed on her bare floorboards, just past her rug. She didn't immediately lean down to pick it up, which was a mistake. Because within several seconds the wood began to smoke.
Still sucking on her thumb, she snapped down with her good hand and grabbed it up.
Then she turned her eyes on Brick. Because even though she couldn't blame him for the fact she had stupidly cut her thumb and the hatpin had singed her floor, that didn't stop her from directing her anger his way.
‘Just why the hell does this hatpin burn wood?’ Henrietta snapped.
Brick looked at her for a moment and then shrugged his shoulders. ‘I will be honest with you, Warrior Woman Henrietta, I do not know. That hatpin is a transformation wand of a warrior woman which hunter.’ He shrugged his shoulders again. ‘And I am a warrior monk. The secrets of its design and use are not held with my clan.’
She really didn't like his answer. And she kept on sucking on her thumb a little too hard. ‘And another thing, now I come to think of it, if you knew this burnt wood, then why didn't you warn me when you gave it to me?’
Brick narrowed his eyes, his lips pressing up, his face twisting around in confusion. ‘Sorry?’
‘When you left this hatpin for me in that manila package in the bathroom of Sizzle Cafe. If you knew that it burnt any wood around it, then why the hell did you leave it so close to the wooden door? And why didn't you warn me? Why didn't you give it to me in person? I could have bloody well died that day. It made the wooden door burst into flames,’ her eyes were blazing.
Once again Brick shrugged. ‘But I did warn you. Written on the inside of the packet was a warning about the hatpin.’ He looked entirely unapologetic, and in fact had the kind of expression that told Henrietta he thought she was overreacting.
Well Henrietta wasn't bloody overreacting.
‘This could have burnt my house down. Why didn't you give it to me in person? Why did you bloody well leave it in a manila packet tucked into the U bend of the toilet? What would have happened if I hadn't found it?’
‘But you did find it. And you didn't die. And it didn't burn down your house,’ Brick pointed out easily.
Henrietta just clutched her hands tighter. ‘You are infuriating, Brick,’ she snapped. ‘I can't believe you are being so unapologetic.’
Brick replied with another easy shrug.
Henrietta wanted to hit him. But instead she held onto her hatpin a great deal more carefully and took an enormous breath. ‘And another thing, if this hatpin burns wood, how come it seems to be okay when I'm holding it? I mean, I understand that if it touches wood, it'll singe within minutes or even seconds, but if it's even close to wood it does the same. But I've been walking around all day long next to a whole bunch of wooden benches, but nothing ever happened, why?’ She crossed her arms carefully, not wanting to stab herself in the chest with the pin, but still wanting to show Brick just how dissatisfied she was with his explanations.
‘Because you contain the magic,’ he answered quickly and calmly.
‘What kind of an answer is that?’ She narrowed her eyes as she looked at him.
‘The correct answer. Now, Warrior Woman Henrietta, you have received your explanations. We must go to fight the witches,’ he pushed himself up from the bed, patted down on his giant billowing pants, and finally pulled his hat from his pocket and slammed it on his head.
‘Not so fast, Mr, you have left one thing out. Just how old are you?’
Brick pressed his lips together, and it seemed obvious he had no intention of answering that question. ‘I have already located another fire witch, and we must get to work before she can do anything we will regret.’
Henrietta kept her eyes narrowed. ‘Seriously, how old are you?’
Brick took several steps into the room, patted down his jacket, and nodded at the hatpin. ‘It is time to write the word which hunter in the air and to transform.’
‘Brick, how old are you?’
But no matter how many times Henrietta asked the question, Brick would not answer. And soon enough she gave up and she transformed.
Henrietta Gosling turned into a warrior woman which hunter, and then she followed the infuriating Brick out the door.
Chapter Eight
It had been several weeks now. Henrietta had been going to work every single day, and every single night she had been going home to find Brick playing with her dog, and then the two of them would head out into the night and hunt down witches.
It was surreal, but with time Henrietta was settling into it. And for some reason, despite the fact her nights were a whole lot more packed than they usually were, she wasn't that tired. Brick said it was probably the magic rubbing off on her, but Henrietta fancied there was another reason. She had always been the kind of girl that had loped from one job to another without any direction. She had certainly never had a great sense of purpose, let alone destiny. And yet, here she was, with an incredible responsibility and power. She now had meaning, and what was more, it was important. She had a fantastic purpose, and an incredible power to boot.
Henrietta was no longer just a mild-mannered waitress with an incredible sister and a great deal of bad luck. Now she was a warrior woman which hunter. And she had to admit, it felt good. She was even starting to get used to her costume. She’d stopped trying to pull the skirt down, and she no longer tried to cover herself with the jacket either. When she was out hunting witches, she just got on with the job.
She was getting better, so much better at it. At first she had made all sorts of hilarious mistakes, and Brick had saved her more than once. But she was getting stronger, and she was getting quicker. When she spied a witch these days, Henrietta now had a litany of spells she could turn to. If the witch was versed in fire, Henrietta could build an ice cage around her. It Henrietta faced a water witch, it was easy enough to send a tornado whipping her way, pushing the water far from the witch’s grasp. There was still a lot to learn, but Henrietta was getting better.
She also wasn't freaking out every single time somebody mentioned this strange woman who ran around at night in a hilariously short skirt and high boots. And they were mentioning her. From the police to the firemen to the ordinary citizens of town, Henrietta had overheard many conversations that centred on that woman. They had even given her name: Stiletto Girl. It wasn't a fantastic name, and Henrietta hadn't yet pointed out to anyone that her boots weren't actually stilettos; the heels were thicker than that. Still, it had stuck, and nearly every day when she came into work there would be a new story about Stiletto Girl. In fact, the two men that seemed to enjoy discussing her the most just happened to be Patrick Black and Jimmy Field.
It was so very surreal, so very strange indeed.
And of course Brick wasn't helping. Every single time Henrietta tried to strike up a conversation with him, get some sympathy at how quick and fast her life had changed, Brick would just shrug his shoulders and tell her to get over it. He would point out that a warrior woman did not get flustered by little things like her entire life turning inside out. She just raised her chin, clapped her hands on her hips, and roared. Okay, so Henrietta hadn't roared at any one yet, but a curious thing was happening. She was getting a great deal stronger and more forthright in her ordinary life. She wasn't the pushover that she always had been any more. So yes, she did find herself raising her chin and clapping her hands on her hips a lot more these days.
But that new-found strength hadn't quite translated into every area of her life. Marcia was still the outrageous, dramatic beauty queen that she had always been, and she still had a great deal of power over Henrietta.
Henrietta took a step back from the counter, brought her arms up, stretched, and gave a little yawn. It was Friday afternoon, and the cafe was uncharacteristically quiet. A lot of the other staff had gone home, but Henrietta had offered to stay late. It wasn't just that she wanted to impress Maria though; Henrietta really needed the money. Brick kept on swanning into her house when she was at work and eating all her food, and Henrietta's grocery bill was now astronomical. Brick kept on promising to bring her some gold to repay his debt, but he never did. Plus, Brick would probably bring her real gold, and Henrietta would have no idea what to do with it. Could you just go down to the local jeweller, set a clump of gold on the counter, and ask to exchange it for money? You'd probably go on some kind of list or something, and you'd get a knock on the door from the police.
Henrietta yawned again, bringing a hand up and covering her mouth so she didn't show her tonsils to the whole room.
It was around two o'clock, just when she was on her break, that she got a phone call. And she had hardly pressed the phone to her ear before the screaming voice of her sister had caused her to yank it back.
Instantly Henrietta had screwed up her face in fear and self-pity, and she had closed her eyes against the onslaught she knew was about to happen.
‘Where the hell have you been for the past several weeks?’ Marcia began, hardly taking a breath. ‘I've been trying to contact you, I've left messages on your Facebook, and I’ve sent several texts. What the hell is your problem?’
Henrietta pulled the receiver from her ear again, twisting her lips into a pronounced grimace as she did. She tried to take a steadying breath. ‘I've been busy, Marcia.’
‘Busy?’ There was a fairly obvious derogatory tone to Marcia's voice. ‘Doing what exactly?’
Henrietta just narrowed her eyes. Marcia had never made any effort to hold herself back when it came to telling Henrietta all her faults. Marcia thought Henrietta didn't try enough, didn't take good care of her appearance, gave up too easily, and was too shy around men. And nearly every single chance her sister got, Marcia would berate Henrietta about just those qualities.
‘I asked you out to a double date three days ago, but you never replied to my text.’
Henrietta rolled her eyes. That wouldn’t have been the first time that Marcia had used Henrietta in order to play two men off at the same time. Henrietta had been on plenty of these so-called double dates. She would sit on one side of the table, and both guys would sit around Marcia, with that strange glazed-eye look and amazed expression that every single man on the planet got around Henrietta's sister. So of course she hadn’t jumped at the opportunity when Marcia had offered it. Plus, to be honest, Henrietta hadn’t even seen the text, and she hadn’t hopped on the Internet for weeks. She just didn't have the time. When she wasn't working trying to keep Brick in food, she was jolly well fighting the witches and trying to bring peace to humanity.
But she held her tongue. ‘I'm sorry, look, I really am; I haven't looked at my phone in several days.’
‘Well you are looking at it now, aren't you?’ Marcia asked, her voice wild. She really was a drama queen. Every single action, every single emotion, every single behaviour, it was all over the top. And somehow people loved Marcia for it.
Henrietta just mumbled a yes.
‘Good, because you aren’t getting out of this one. I have a party tonight, and you are coming,’ Marcia commanded her, and it really did sound as if there was no way Henrietta was going to get out of this one.
But Henrietta didn't exactly have the time to go to parties; no doubt tonight she would be running around the streets in her ridiculous outfit fighting witches. Plus, if Henrietta thought that Marcia's double dates were bad, then her parties were worse. Not only would every single eligible bachelor there be after Marcia, including some of the non-eligible ones too, Marcia would trot Henrietta out and poke fun at her. There would be baby photos, there would be stories about all of the hilarious accidents Henrietta had gotten into as a child, and it would go on and on all night. It would ruin Henrietta's reputation even further; with every single one of Marcia's parties she had ever attended, Henrietta had always wanted to run away and join the circus afterwards.
‘Marcia, I kind of can’t, I'm busy—’ Henrietta began.
‘So you're going to get here at 8:30?’ Marcia just steam-rolled over her. ‘I would tell you to bring a date, but—’ she snorted, ‘never mind, just bring a bottle of wine. And make it expensive.’
With that Marcia hung up.
Henrietta stood there for a moment and tried to remind yourself that Marcia was family and that she couldn't go around to Marcia's house and throw a brick through the window. For all Marcia's acting, for her terrible attitude to men, and for all the incredibly embarrassing situations she had ever put Henrietta in, Marcia was still Henrietta's sister. And when you stripped her back of all her glamour and drama, she was nice and she was reliable. It was always Marcia who came along to the hospital with Henrietta whenever she had an accident, and it was usually Marcia who tried her hardest to get Henrietta a job again after Henrietta had been fired. She was reliable, she was loving, but bloody oath there was a lot of other stuff that came along with that.
The rest of the day dragged on slowly, but eventually Henrietta found herself opening her front door, dumping her bag on the ground, and giving an almighty sigh.
She walked into the kitchen, and she was not at all surprised to find Brick with his head in the pantry, Barney at his side.
Even though Brick did not technically live with her, he was around so much and had the uncomfortable knack of letting himself in, that she should start charging him rent.
She cleared her throat as she walked into the kitchen, pulling a chair out with her foot and sitting roughly at the kitchen table. ‘Get your head out of the pantry. I don't get paid until Friday, and I can't afford any more food.’
Brick turned to her, and he had a can of baked beans in his hand, it was open, and he was using his fingers to pick the sauce-coated beans out and put them in his mouth.
It was disgusting.
She raised an eyebrow at him and then clicked her tongue. ‘You better clean up after yourself.’
At that moment Brick finished off the beans and he smiled. ‘Of course,’ he assured her. He pulled open his jacket and shoved the can into his pocket. And of course when he closed the jacket, it was as if it was no longer there.
On several occasions Henrietta had asked Brick just exactly what was going on with his jacket. Was it magical? Did it link to some kind of portal? But no matter how often she asked, he never answered. He just said it had to do with the many mysteries of the warrior monk cast.
She pushed her lips up, scrunched her nose, and shook her head at him. ‘Just use the bin,’ she told him.
Brick didn't use the bin, and likely never would, but at least he smiled at her. Then he walked over to the kitchen table and sat down, that ubiquitous leather jacketed of his scrunching as he did. Even though Henrietta had known him for a while now, she had never seen him wearing anything other than the same scuffed boots, jacket, and billing clothes. Occasionally he would reach into his magical pocket, pull out his hat, and tug it firmly onto his head. But that was the only variation when it came to Brick's wardrobe.
‘So,’ she leaned back in her chair and tugged the hatpin from her hair. ‘Who are we going after tonight?’
Brick shook his head. ‘No one. There is no witch activity to speak of at the moment.’
Henrietta frowned. She had started to get into a routine here. It would be work during the day, and then it would be hunting witches at night. And even though she did feel overworked, now was not the night to have a holiday.
‘I thought you would prefer to go to your sister's party instead,’ Brick said as Barney walked up to him, barked, and demanded a pat.
‘How the hell do you know that?’
‘Your sister called several times today and left messages on your machine. I heard them,’ Brick pointed out.
Henrietta crossed her arms. Brick's story was innocent enough, plus, he was bloody magical, and he could have found out about Henrietta’s sister's party through divination or something equally spectacular.
‘You have been working very hard, and I understand that your relationship is such with your sister that if you were not to go to this party, she would cast dire aspersions against your name,’ Brick pointed out with a completely even expression.
Henrietta wanted to shake her head at his words, but the problem was, even though they sounded fancy, they were probably right. Though Marcia wouldn't exactly be casting dire aspersions against Henrietta, so much as going on the Internet and telling all her friends Henrietta was a dirty swine of a sister who could not be relied on for anything. She would complain to Patrick, she would complain to Jimmy, and no doubt Henrietta would have to put up with a rant from everyone she met in town for the next couple of weeks.
‘I have already picked out the costume for you,’ Brick nodded.
‘You have done what?’ Henrietta stood up from her chair, planting her hands on the table.
Brick stood up to, but there was no menace in his move, he just stretched his shoulders and yawned. ‘I have picked out a costume that is fitting of a warrior woman.’
Henrietta scrunched up her nose. Because she knew exactly what costumes Brick thought were fitting for a warrior woman, and there was no chance in hell that Henrietta was going to wear them to Marcia's party. Her sister would probably be thrilled to see Henrietta walk through the door in incredible boots, a tiny skirt, and a top so low you could see nearly everything. But it wasn't going to happen.
‘I have laid it out on your bed for you. Also, I have taken the opportunity to get an expensive bottle of wine,’ Brick reached into his jacket and brought out a bottle, placing it on the table before him.
She looked down. ‘That looks really old,’ she pointed out as she glanced at the dust and the water damage on the label.
‘It is. It is a 250-year-old bottle of Chardonnay. It is good,’ he assured her.
Henrietta looked horrified. ‘We can't take that to the party.’
‘But your sister asked for the finest bottle of wine. And this was the best I could find at short notice,’ Brick said with his usual nonplussed attitude.
Eventually Henrietta just shook her head, realising that she was unlikely to win this one. Then she marched from the kitchen into her bedroom. She expected to see the gaudiest and most outrageous outfit lined up on her bed, but she didn't. In fact, what she saw was, well, actually quite nice.
The clothes also weren't hers. She walked over to them, picked them up, and looked them over carefully. ‘Where did you get these?’ She turned to Brick as he followed her into her bedroom.
‘I acquired them,’ he replied mysteriously, and then he left it at that.
Brick often said he acquired things. But as of yet Henrietta hadn't managed to get him to reveal exactly where he acquired them from. She just hoped the warrior monk wasn't a warrior monk thief, otherwise she would be getting a knock on the door from Patrick Black any day now.
Henrietta glanced down at the clothes again. There was a stylish black dress, cut in a familiar glamorous 60s style, with a flared skirt and netting underneath. There was also a pair of incredibly-expensive and fantastic-looking high heels. It seemed that when it came to shoes, Brick had a bit of a fetish. The heels were high, but thankfully they were thick enough that it didn't look as if Henrietta would stab holes in any lawn she walked over.
There was a simple pair of clear stockings too, and a very lovely-looking silver necklace with a strange stone for a pendant. Overall, Brick's choice in clothes had been fantastic. But Henrietta didn't quite want to admit to that, so she pressed her lips together, and let the clothes drop back to her bed.
‘I guess it will do,’ she scrunched her lips as she looked at him.
Brick nodded his head low for a moment, his expression dropping as if he was remiss. ‘I know, I know, you would have preferred higher heels, frankly, so would I. However, I couldn't find anything that matched the dress.’
He looked entirely serious. He didn't look like he was acting or joking. He appeared to be genuinely disappointed at the fact he couldn't find the perfect set of skyscraper stiletto shoes to match her dress.
Henrietta shook her head, turned from him, and went back to looking at the dress and pendant.
Whenever she went to one of Marcia's parties, she was always the cheapest looking one there. And that wasn't to say she looked skanky, and that her clothes looked like sequin-clad scraps of fabric. She just perpetually looked like she shopped from a second-hand store, and no matter what Henrietta threw on, Marcia always pointed out how dingy it looked.
Well, if Henrietta actually wore the clothes Brick had brought her . . . hell, she could almost outdo Marcia.
A small smile spread across Henrietta’s lips. 
She turned to Brick. ‘But what happens if you hear of any witch activity while I am at the party?’ It was a very pertinent question. The witches only usually came out at night, after all, and considering the Witch King was upping his ante, their activity was supposed to only get more frequent from now on. That was what Brick had assured her, and for the last several weeks that fact had been confirmed.
Brick tugged at the collar of his jacket, and it almost looked as if he was trying to appear dashing. ‘I am coming to the party with you. Should I hear of any witch activity, I will tug quite firmly on your arm, and we will dash out into the night.’
Henrietta was never sure when Brick was joking, but she settled on offering him a wry smile anyway. ‘You think you are coming to one of my sister’s parties, dressed in that?’ She looked pointedly at his jacket.
Brick looked down at his outfit, and then looked up Henrietta. ‘Yes, I do.’
‘Listen, Brick, you don't know my sister,’ Henrietta looked at him seriously.
‘Marcia Gosling, 28 years old, works as a travel agent, is known to have multiple amorous encounters and partners at the same time,’ Brick began to reel off the facts.
Henrietta snorted. Multiple amorous encounters and partners sounded like a very tidy way of describing Marcia.
‘Though she is known to overreact and appears to possess strong self-esteem, her behavioural patterns seem to suggest an underlying lack of confidence. It may be a subconscious psychological reaction to the fact that her sister is the last witch hunter,’ Brick finished.
Henrietta now snorted louder. ‘Sorry, what? You think that Marcia acts the way she does, because on some deep subconscious level she always knew that I was a witch hunter, and that she feels threatened by it?’
Brick nodded his head.
‘Marcia doesn't suspect I am a witch hunter! I didn't even know I was a witch hunter until several weeks ago. The reason Marcia acts the way she does . . . ’ Henrietta trailed off. Because she had no idea what drove Marcia to do the things she did. Henrietta had often tried to figure it out in her mind, but it seemed impossible. Perhaps Marcia lacked empathy, perhaps she felt some deep psychological need to be with a partner, or several, all the time.
‘Trust me, Warrior Woman Henrietta, this is the psychological evaluation handed down to me by my warrior monk brethren.’
‘Excuse me? Your warrior monk brethren? Have they been checking up on Marcia?’
Brick nodded as he jutted his chin out. ‘We warrior monks are thorough. And now that I am your witch hunter watcher, and I am destined to help you in your sacred duty, it would be remiss of me not to find out as much about your life as I can. And considering the overbearing psychological power you give to Marcia, it is important that I assist you in your future interactions with her.’
Henrietta took in a deep, spluttering breath. ‘She doesn't have . . . .’ Henrietta was about to protest that Marcia did not have unwarranted psychological power over her, but it was a lie. Of all the people out there, Henrietta was most scared of her sister. Even the prospect of the Witch King didn't freak Henrietta out as much as going to the party would.
Brick waited for a moment, brought his hands in front of him, locked them together, and finally nodded calmly at the clothes on the bed. ‘It is time to get dressed. The party is in half an hour, and we must make our way across town. And as you will not be dressed as a witch hunter, I fear that we will have to use public transport.’
Even though everything Henrietta had, told her not to put on the dress and go to the party with Brick, she eventually found herself getting dressed.
After she did, she paused to look at herself in the mirror.
For the first time in her life, Henrietta Gosling almost looked . . . what was the word, attractive? She didn't look as if she was a child wearing adult clothes, and neither did she look as if she was the kind of girl who paid no attention to her appearance. She looked perfect. The dress fit snugly, and the heels made her legs look great. Okay, she didn't look quite as fantastic as she did when she was dressed as a witch hunter, but it was an entirely different effect anyway. 
Henrietta couldn't help but smile at it.
She had chased Brick out of the room so she could dress, but eventually he found his way back in.
Henrietta turned to him. The little blighter had probably used his magic to transport from one side of the door to the other. And now he had his arms crossed and was leaning back against the wall, looking at her. He certainly wasn't checking her out; he was appraising her with a careful eye.
‘You must do something with your hair, it does not match your heels,’ he finally noted.
It was always about the shoes with Brick. Henrietta was starting to wonder whether the leather-clad warrior monk loved shoes a little too much.
Henrietta turned back to her reflection and stared glumly at her hair. Brick was right. Short of the fantastic things that magic did to her red gnarled locks, Henrietta would never be able to make her hair look anything other than freaky.
‘Hand me your brush, and hand me your hatpin,’ Brick suddenly commanded her.
Henrietta looked at Brick, her lips pulling themselves open. ‘Excuse me?’
‘I will manage your hair,’ he walked across the room to her, grabbed the brush off her dresser, and then nodded at her hatpin.
She snorted at him. ‘You are a warrior monk, not a hairdresser.’
‘I have my barber license,’ he said as he tugged at her hair and began to brush it before she could get away.
‘What the hell is a barber license? That isn't a thing,’ she tried to pull away, but he had a firm hold of her hair, and was now brushing it vigorously.
And he was quick too. Before Henrietta could muscle free, Brick took a step back, clapped his hands together, and gestured to the mirror. ‘Now you match your shoes.’
She cast her eyes over him, and hoped her expression revealed to him how crazy she thought he was. But then she looked in the mirror.
And she stopped.
Because she looked fantastic. Her hair looked . . . great. It was smooth, it was shiny, it was no longer unruly. And the red colour looked far more alluring than usual.
Somehow, despite the fact Brick had used no product and he hadn't used a hair-dryer, he had managed to curl her hair into perfect tassels, leaving several strands of fringe collecting around her neck, and pulling the rest into a beautiful bun at the base of her neck. Then he had secured it in place with the hatpin.
Henrietta stared at herself in wonder. She had never looked this good in her life.
‘We must now leave. I believe my warrior monk brethren have pointed out on several occasions that your sister . . . now, what is the correct word?’ Brick paused while he tried to think. ‘Ah, yes, can go ballistic. Your sister will go ballistic if you are late. And we already have too much to deal with in this town without adding a ballistic woman to the mix.’
Henrietta chuckled into her hand, but as she did she kept on glancing at her reflection in the mirror.
Wow. Just wow.
Chapter Nine
Henrietta and Brick made it to the party, and somehow, even considering how thick the traffic had been, they were not late. But before Henrietta wandered up her sister’s garden path, she paused and tugged Brick to the side.
There was something she had to deal with before she let that man anywhere near her sister. It was the same thing Henrietta had to deal with when any man was about to meet her sister for the first time.
Brick looked at her expectantly, and there was even a flicker of interest and intrigue in his eye. ‘Do you sense the forces of the witches nearby?’
Even though his voice was quiet, Henrietta quickly told him to shut up. People were arriving all around them, and the last thing she needed was for the local policeman to overhear her having a farcical conversation with Brick about magic and witches.
‘Do not worry, Warrior Woman Henrietta; if anyone overhears us, they will merely assume we are mad,’ Brick said earnestly.
Henrietta wanted to hit him. She always wanted to hit him. But she held herself back. ‘Brick, if you go in there, you need to be prepared.’ It was like she was briefing a soldier before they went into combat, and hell, maybe it was exactly like that. Because the second Brick walked through that door and Marcia laid her eyes on him, was the second Brick would become prey.
Brick brought his hands up and tugged on his collar. ‘I am prepared.’ He even reached into his jacket surreptitiously and pulled out the bottle of wine, nodding at her, eyes vibrant as if to suggest he was more than capable of this mission.
‘Brick, my sister . . . well, look, she is incredibly attractive.’
Brick, in usual fashion, looked nonplussed. ‘Her appearance has been described to me by my warrior monk brethren. She is tall, 5 foot 8 to be exact. She has long, flowing blond hair, large blue eyes, thick eyelashes, a round and pronounced bust tapering down to a narrow waist, and long slender legs.’ As Brick spoke, he didn't start gawking or get a look on his face that suggested he wanted to run in and see Marcia for himself immediately. He just looked like a schoolboy reeling off facts and waiting patiently for his teacher to reward him.
‘Brick, you don't understand. She is a knock-out. You probably think you are immune right now, but you won't be. Plus, she has this thing,’ Henrietta shifted back, feeling uncomfortable for a moment, ‘she always goes after any guy I'm with. Any guy I hang out with, any guy I stand next to in a line even. If we enter the party together, and if she realises you know me . . . ’ Henrietta shook her head gravely.’ Brick, she won't let go of you, she’ll come after you hot and fast, and you won't be able to resist her charms.’
‘I will be impervious to her charms. Warrior Woman Henrietta, you forget that I am a warrior monk. I am fully skilled in all forms of fighting. And if your sister wishes to hunt me down as a predator would their prey, then I will be fully capable of defending myself.’
Henrietta slowly shook her head, making sure Brick saw the move. ‘Brick, you have no idea what you're talking about. My sister is incredible. If she wants you, she will get you.’
‘I am impervious to her charms,’ Brick stated again, his voice very firm this time, and it was clear he honestly meant what he was saying.
Henrietta crumpled her brow, crossed her arms, tilted her head to the side, and eventually shrugged. ‘Fine, but don't say I didn't warn you,’ her voice was low and ominous, and perhaps just a touch overly dramatic. But she couldn't help it. Because the adamant look of bravery in Brick's eyes was just stupidity. He was going to get himself burned. The witch hunter helper didn't know what he was getting into. Sure, he could fight fiendish magical creatures in the streets at night, he could pull anything out of his magical jacket, and he could run around ensuring Henrietta didn't destroy her house and the rest of the block with her new powers. But Brick would not be able to stand in Marcia's way. If Marcia took a liking to him, and that was a certainty considering Brick would be walking in the door with Henrietta, then Brick wouldn't have a chance. By the end of the party Brick would be covered in Marcia's trademark fire-truck-red lipstick, and a week later he would pull out a pair of her lingerie from the pocket of his leather jacket with absolutely no idea how it got there and a stupid, dull-witted smile forming on his lips at the possibility of what it meant.
No, Henrietta was adamant that Brick was getting in over his head. Sure, the guy seemed pretty competent when it came to being a witch hunter watcher, but no doubt if Marcia got her hands on him he would disappear from Henrietta's life for good.
But as Brick stood there so close to the flower patch that his boots were covered in mulch, he had such a steely and determined look on his face that it appeared he was ready to take on a dragon. Well good luck to him.
Henrietta shook her head, clamped her hands on her hips, and finally nodded towards the house.
The party was already in full swing. Music was actually pumping out, thumping through the house and vibrating along the path. It was obvious that Marcia didn't care how loud it was, and didn't give a hoot whether she upset the neighbours or the police had to come around. But, then again, the neighbours were probably already there and Henrietta had parked alongside Patrick Black's car.
It really did seem as if the universe had a different set of rules when it came to Marcia Gosling. It seemed as if every single angel smiled down at her. Not only did Henrietta's sister have the perfect looks, the perfect job, the perfect house, and the perfect friends, but Marcia never got into any trouble. Which was absolutely un-freaking-believable considering the amount of men she played off. But somehow Marcia never got a visit from an angry wife, a little off put that Marcia had slept with her husband, and ready to discuss the fact over a kitchen knife. And neither did Marcia ever have any run-ins with disgruntled lovers. Hell, it just seemed that people were happy to be part of her life, no matter how badly Marcia treated them.
As Henrietta walked, she felt the weight of the hatpin. It was incredible how much it calmed her these days, but more than that, it also made her feel strong. And that was not a feeling Henrietta usually got to enjoy.
‘We are entering the dragon's den,’ Brick said in a low voice as he walked carefully by Henrietta's side, the two of them making their way up the porch and towards the door.
Henrietta couldn't help but give a spluttering laugh into her hand. Brick was using exactly the same tone he used when addressing a threat, he was even walking with that same tense feeling. And one look to the side told Henrietta that his expression was rigid with expectation. But it wasn't the kind of expectation one should wear when going to a party. Oh no, Brick's lips were pulled back, his teeth clenched, his nose crumpled, and his eyes narrowed. He looked like he was getting ready to be punched in the face.
Henrietta laughed again. Even though she had been dreading going to this party, with Brick at her side it might be barely passable. Plus, for the first time in her life, she may have actually worn something Marcia would agree with.
As Henrietta stood there on the porch, knocking on the door, she let a hand travel down the fabric of her skirt. Somehow Brick had done a fabulous job. Perhaps every warrior monk had to do a full course in style and fashion. Brick did seem to be a terribly versatile chap, after all. Not only did he have his bus license, apparently, but in the last couple of weeks he’d proven himself to be handy with any weapon and any vehicle. He also had a way with animals, and from the few times she had left him in her house alone, she had always come back to the place sparkling clean. Apparently warrior monks can't abide a mess, and if you hand them a broom, they won’t sleep until your house is spotless.
As Henrietta waited there, a rather nervous feeling started to trickle through her stomach. This was going to be one of Marcia's parties, after all. And anything could go wrong.
But finally the door opened. Except, the only problem was, it wasn't Marcia.
It was Patrick.
For a second he looked at her, and he offered her the kind of smile you might a stranger. ‘Are you one of Marcia's friends—’ he suddenly stopped. And it honestly looked as if his eyes were bulging out of his head. ‘Is that you, Henrietta?’
Henrietta couldn't help it; a fast grin spread across her face. ‘Yes,’ she began to chuckle. ‘Are you that blind drunk already, Patrick?’
Patrick gave a shrug but shook his head. ‘Sorry, I actually didn't recognise you,’ he sounded impressed.
But then he looked to his left and saw Brick. And the policeman's shock kind of crumpled into something that looked like mild suspicion.
‘This is my friend,’ Henrietta quickly mumbled.
‘Right . . . .’ Patrick looked back at her, and for the first time since she had met him, his eyes actually lingered over her figure.
Wow. Patrick Black. One of the city's most eligible bachelors. Someone who Marcia had actually dated multiple times, which was kind of a universal record considering she usually dated a man once and then never met him again.
Henrietta stood there for a moment, and revelled in the attention. But then she cleared her throat. ‘Patrick, can we come in?’
Patrick quickly yanked the door open. ‘Sorry, Henni.’
Patrick hardly ever called her by her pet name, Henni. Jimmy did it all the time, and so did Marcia. But Patrick usually seemed to keep a bit of distance. Apparently one look at Henrietta tonight had changed that.
She couldn't help but smile when she saw Patrick look all the way down her legs and to her heels. Once again, he looked impressed.
‘Where is she?’ Henrietta interrupted his gawking.
‘Who?’
‘My sister.’
‘Oh, sorry, yeah, she is in the lounge room, on the couch,’ Patrick said through a quick cough.
‘Oh well, I'd better get this over with,’ Henrietta mumbled as she waved a quick goodbye to Patrick. She turned and headed for the lounge, but didn't walk as quickly as she intended to. Because Henrietta was kind of distracted. People, mostly men, were staring at her. And unless she had a fantastic klutz attack, and fell over in the middle of the street, knocking the contents of a bin all over her top, men are usually never stared at her.
But today she was getting admiring glances.
She would have to buy Brick a meal for this. And maybe she would have to ask him to give her a few pointers on style.
Henrietta finally made it into the lounge, but before she did, Brick thrust the incredibly old bottle of wine into her chest. ‘You must now arm yourself,’ he assured her in a low voice.
She clutched onto the bottle. Dear god, it really did look fancy. And she could bet that Brick was not lying to her, and that it really was a good couple of hundred years old. It was probably worth an astounding amount, and yet here she was about to offer it to her sister at a simple party.
The lounge was packed, but the couch only had two people on it: Marcia and Jimmy. Marcia was leaning back, chuckling at Jimmy as he had one of his giant, enormous arms around her. He looked, as Jimmy Field always did, incredible. Seriously, he was Mr December, there was no way he could ever look anything other than steaming hot.
Henrietta took a stealing breath, and walked up to them. It took a while for Marcia to glance up, in fact, Jimmy noticed Henrietta first. And just like Patrick, he got a confused look on his face, studying Henrietta all too well for several seconds until he leaned back and gave a surprised chuckle. ‘Henrietta?’
Now Marcia turned around. She snapped her gaze on Henrietta. Those incredibly pale and alluring blue eyes travelled all the way up and down Henrietta for several seconds. She leaned forward in her chair. ‘Henni?’ her voice pitched high.
Henrietta nodded. ‘Hi Marcia.’
Marcia opened her mouth wide, her full and pert red lips pouting. ‘What are you wearing?’
Henrietta looked down, rested a hand on her skirt, and then shrugged. ‘Clothes.’
‘Where the hell did you get them? You couldn't afford anything like that. And who picked them out for you?’ Marcia's voice and tone were full of accusation.
Despite what she was wearing, and despite the fact she had brought a bottle of ancient wine with her that was probably worth a small fortune, Henrietta began to feel small. Her sister had this uncanny ability to sap all of Henrietta's confidence. In Marcia's presence, Henrietta often felt like the smallest of insignificant dots on the carpet.
‘You look great, Henrietta,’ Jimmy suddenly interrupted. And Mr December seemed to mean what he said, because he had almost the same dull-witted grin on his face that he usually only ever wore for Marcia.
Marcia quickly snapped her attention towards him, and then shifted herself away from his arm, giving him a cold look. 
Marcia turned right back to Henrietta. ‘Seriously, who picked those clothes out for you?’
‘I did,’ Brick suddenly stepped forward, ‘the shoes too,’ he added.
Marcia sat up straighter, narrowing her eyes, her perfectly-shaped eyebrows descending, though only slightly considering how much Botox was locking them in place. ‘Excuse me? Since when have you been in a relationship?’
Henrietta's lips became stiff, and she clenched them there, not wanting to move her mouth down or up, just wanting to keep it still so she didn't do anything as pathetic as bursting into tears. Seriously, any strength Henrietta had felt swanning in here and getting appreciative glances for the first time in her life had completely burned up. Marcia just had so much power over Henrietta. She almost felt sick.
And then, as if on cue, Patrick walked into the room carrying two drinks. He handed one to Henrietta, a very friendly smile on his face. Then he sat down on the other couch opposite Marcia and Jimmy.
It got Marcia's attention. She looked at Jimmy, then at Patrick, and finally at Brick. Her eyes narrowed even more, and she proceeded to give Brick a thorough looking over. From his incredibly scuffed boots to the ridiculous leather jacket, to the thick stubble. And then Henrietta's sister flicked her gaze over to Jimmy and Patrick.
Henrietta knew what was happening here. It was always the same. Whenever Henrietta brought in a new man to her life, whether it be a boyfriend, an acquaintance, or even a bloody plumber, Marcia would have her hands on the man within minutes. It was probably something deeply psychological, and maybe it was fuelled from Marcia's own feelings of inadequacy, but it was also bloody irritating.
Marcia straightened up, pulling down the little fabric that covered her bust and waste, and pushing her fat lips into a smile. ‘Are you going to introduce us?’ She carefully leaned forwards, the fabric of her tight skirt creaking as she slowly brought up her hand, reaching it out to Brick.
But Brick did not take her hand. Neither did Brick flick his gaze towards her exposed knees or cleavage. Brick didn't start to blush at Marcia's smile, and he didn't suddenly get a very dumb, schoolboy-like grin to his face. Brick just looked like Brick. And he looked at the hand as if he had no idea what to do with it.
It was very awkward, but Marcia finally let her hand drop, and one eyebrow raised instead. ‘Okay then, well,’ she turned her gaze back to Henrietta for a brief second, ‘who is your friend?’
For a brief, almost suicidal moment, Henrietta felt like telling Marcia the truth. Brick was her witch hunter watcher, he'd found her, given her a magical hatpin, and now helped her to fight evil. But Henrietta held her tongue. Instead she tried not to laugh at the look of slight, but still pretty, confusion that crossed over Marcia's face at Brick's disinterest in her.
‘Well?’ Marcia turned back to Henrietta, and her tone dropped, indicating her annoyance at Henrietta's prolonged silence.
‘Brick,’ Brick finally answered. And, in usual Brick style, he left it at that.
‘Sorry?’ Marcia looked confused again, and it really was a very pretty confusion. She was twisting her shoulders to the side, giving her bust as much leverage as she could, and she was pouting, blinking, and flicking her head until her hair sat attractively around her shoulders. All up, it was an absolutely awkward mess of a move, and looked as uncomfortable as anything, but it was the kind of pose that would send a man to his knees.
The problem was, Brick was still standing.
‘Brick,’ Brick answered again.
Henrietta had to bite her bottom lip not to start laughing. But after a moment she composed herself. ‘That's his name . . . ’ And then she trailed off. Because normal people were not called Brick. And Brick had gone to great pains to tell her that they must keep their cover. Because if they didn't keep their cover, then the witches might find out Henrietta's true identity. And if that happened . . . her house would be fire bombed in the middle of the night. Henrietta quickly cleared her throat. ‘It's French,’ she hastily added.
This seemed to resolve Marcia's confusion, and it also piqued her interest. At the word French, Henrietta's sister practically oozed into a puddle of seduction on the floor. Now she was leaning so far forward that every single person in the room could see down her top.
‘French,’ Marcia said, ‘I see,’ she added, in a kind of voice that she probably hoped bridled with sophistication.
‘Bonjour,’ Patrick leaned in from the other couch, bringing his hand up to shake Brick's. But once again, Brick just looked at it.
‘My name is Brick,’ Brick repeated, as if he was a broken record.
Henrietta flinched. Brick really did have a nasty habit of repeating himself, and she was starting to realise that he had zero social skills. It probably had something to do with the fact he had spent his entire life growing up in a warrior monastery.
‘He's just ensuring you pronounce it right,’ Henrietta jumped in quickly, eyes blinking ferociously again. ‘He's very particular about the pronunciation. You see, a lot of people get it wrong,’ she lied on her feet, her heart beating in her ears as she did.
Marcia nodded her head again, buying the farce completely. ‘So it's Breeek?’ she said slowly, trying to make his name sound as foreign as she could.
Brick narrowed his eyes and looked at her askance, but before he could open his mouth and just say the word Brick again, Henrietta began to laugh. And then she brought out her hand, and slapped it on Brick's back, hoping he got the picture. ‘That’s it, you've got it now, Marcia.’
The move brought attention back to the bottle in Henrietta's hand. So she finally brought it out and offered it to Marcia.
‘What's this?’ Marcia asked as she glanced at the bottle of wine.
‘It is a 350-year-old bottle of Chardonnay,’ Brick jumped in.
Both Jimmy and Patrick snorted, and Marcia rolled her eyes. ‘Of course it is, Henrietta, how many times have I told you not to play games with me?’ Marcia snatched the bottle out of Henrietta's hands.
‘Games? Would you have preferred a pack of cards over a 350-year-old bottle of Chardonnay?’ Brick asked. He really did seem to be impervious to Marcia’s charms. He hadn't once leaned over and stared down her top, and neither did his eyes appear to be locked on her knees and thighs. In fact, he looked bored.
Well there you go. Apparently there was a breed of man on earth that could ignore Marcia Gosling. They just happen to be magical warrior monks.
‘Can I have a look at that?’ Patrick leaned forward and took the bottle from Marcia.
‘I can't believe you steamed the label off a bottle of Chardonnay and just replaced it with one you have made to look fake,’ Marcia said, obviously coming up with her own version of events to explain why the bottle looked so ancient.
‘Steamed off the label? The bottle is 350 years old,’ Brick pointed out again, and his voice was terse. ‘The craftsmanship does not originate from this time, the kind of bottle indicates it that comes from a specific region of France, and the label cannot be faked. The ink used, though fading now, has specific traces of minerals that indicate its age. If you take it to a nearby laboratory, and find a suitably trained scientist, you can confirm this.’
‘Wow,’ Patrick turned the bottle over and over in his hands. Patrick Black fancied himself as a bit of a wine connoisseur, and even though Henrietta had never seen his house, Marcia had assured her he had a substantial cellar. But unlike Marcia, who liked fancy wine because it made her feel fancy, Patrick had grown up on a vineyard outside of the city, and wine was in his blood, though not literally thankfully. He went to wine tasting events whenever he could, and apparently he had an entire shelf of books devoted to the art.
Right now his eyes were wide with shock. He leaned forward, very gently holding the bottle now. He looked right up at Brick. ‘Where did you get this?’
‘From France, 350—’ Brick began.
But Henrietta slapped him on the back before he could finish his sentence. Because the wonderful little warrior monk was probably about to say that he got the bottle 350 years ago from a tiny village in France. Because, in fact, that probably was where Brick had gotten the bottle. But if they wanted to keep their cover, they couldn't run around perpetuating stories like that. And even if Brick had assured her that everyone would simply think they were crazy, she didn't like to run the risk. Plus, she didn't want her reputation to become any more tainted.
‘Brick . . . is rich,’ it was all Henrietta could think of. It just popped into her head, somewhat like the right spell always manifested before her mind when she was out fighting the witches. But just like with her spells, once she had said the words, she could not repeal them.
Marcia actually got up now. She tugged down on her skirt and offered Brick the most dazzling of smiles. She offered her hand out to Brick again, but once again Brick completely ignored it.
‘And eccentric,’ Henrietta added quickly.
‘Really, what business are you in?’ Marcia asked, her eyes sparkling, her hips shimmying and her shoulders leaning to the side. It got Jimmy and Patrick's attention, but Brick didn't even glance at her.
‘Old money, really old money,’ Henrietta jumped in.
She had no idea whether Brick was going to back her up on the fly; he was looking at her as if he had no idea what she was on about.
Now Henrietta had started this game, she wasn't going to stop though. She took an enormous breath. ‘He's very generous too. He bought me this dress and a bottle of wine for you, Marcia,’ Henrietta gave a very toothy grin.
‘And you managed to pull him,’ Marcia gave up on offering her hand to Brick, and twisted her head to face Henrietta, her voice a whisper.
‘We are just friends,’ Henrietta answered quickly. Although she could put up with pretending that Brick was an eccentric rich Frenchman, she didn't really want to add a relationship into the lie. Brick didn't seem to be the kind to be able to pretend amorous affections with any one, because he didn't seem to be the type who could possibly be romantic. Perhaps it was some code to do with being a warrior monk. Perhaps they were all celibate, or perhaps his idea of a woman was somebody with a house full of shoes, and neither Marcia nor Henrietta were his type.
‘Friends,’ Marcia's voice trilled on the word. ‘Well thank you so much for this bottle of wine,’ she leaned down and grabbed it roughly from Patrick, clutching it to her chest, the fabric of her sequin-covered top grating into the label.
Patrick winced at the move. ‘Marcia, that is a really expensive—’
Marcia just turned from him and went back to smiling at Brick. ‘And I find the fact you are from France,’ she bit into her lips and batted her eyes, ‘so romantic.’ She gave a little shimmy as she finished her words.
But no matter what Marcia did, Brick didn't seem to care. ‘I am hungry, where is the food?’ Brick turned his head from Marcia and began to survey the room.
Henrietta brought her hand up and laughed into it. ‘The kitchen is through the hallway, to the left.’
With that Brick turned around and left the room. And even though it was hilarious to see him leave, without casting a single glance Marcia's way, Henrietta suddenly realised she was now alone with her sister. Well, alone in a room entirely chocked full of party guests, but the feeling stood.
As soon as Brick was out of the room, Marcia turned on Henrietta. One of her perfect eyebrows arched up as far as she could push it. ‘Where did you meet him? Does he live here? What is he like?’
‘He is . . . .’ Henrietta began, but then she stopped. Because she certainly wasn't going to tell the truth on this one. She wasn't going to point out to Marcia that she’d met Brick when he’d stuffed a manila package behind the U-bend of the toilet in Sizzle Cafe, causing the door to catch fire. Neither was she going to tell her sister that Brick had practically moved into Henrietta's house. And as for what Brick liked, well, as far as Henrietta could tell, the answer was heels. So Henrietta just shrugged her shoulders. ‘We only just met each other,’ she lied.
Marcia did not look impressed. ‘Why on earth didn't you tell me about him?’ Marcia began fluffing out her hair. ‘If I had known you were bringing someone like him along, I would have put a little more effort into my outfit.’
Jimmy leaned forward, his beer sloshing in his hand. ‘You look great, honey.’
Marcia ignored him.
‘Oh, it was really a last-minute thing. We weren't sure if we were going to make it tonight,’ Henrietta clasped her hands in front of her, and tried not to look too nervous. Because the effect Marcia had on her was always the same; one look from her sister’s perfect blue eyes, and Henrietta would always make a fool of herself. And now Brick wasn't by her side to take Marcia's attention, Marcia had locked her fiendish attention on Henrietta in full.
‘I don't get it, how did you meet someone like him?’ Marcia put a lot of effort into saying you and him. It is clear what she meant; someone like Henrietta would never be able to pull somebody like Brick. While that was an incredibly humorous thought, considering who Brick really was, it also hurt. In Marcia's eyes, Henrietta was nothing. Nobody. Just Marcia's little sister, the awkward young woman who couldn't get anything right.
Henrietta’s expressions soured, she took several steps back from Marcia, just as her cheeks paled. She really didn't want to start tearing up and run out of the party crying. For one, Brick would probably find her and tell her in an outrageously loud voice so everyone could hear that warrior women don't cry, and two, she really didn't want to make a scene in front of Jimmy and Patrick.
‘Lighten up, Marcia, just come and sit back down on the couch,’ Jimmy patted his hand on the cushion by him.
‘Why don’t we talk about something else?’ Patrick offered, tearing his eyes off the bottle of wine Marcia was holding.
‘What else would be possibly talk about? This town is so boring and dull, nothing ever happens here,’ Marcia pointed out as she crossed her arms and finally flopped back down on the couch.
‘Boring?’ Jimmy took a sip from his beer, and a very strange smile twisted his mouth.
Patrick seemed to understand what it meant, and he gave a low laugh. ‘What about Stiletto Girl?’
Now both Jimmy and Patrick were laughing, and they had exactly the same smile on their face.
It made Henrietta blush.
Marcia turned to them quickly, flicking her head so fast that her beautiful blond hair fanned around her. ‘You mean that skank running around town dressed like an actress from a porn movie?’
Henrietta spluttered, but then she brought up her hand and patted it on her chest to calm herself. It was entirely ironic for Marcia to be accusing Stiletto Girl of being risqué, considering what Marcia usually walked around in. Plus, Stiletto Girl wasn't skanky, she had to have a short skirt so she could run, Henrietta wanted to point out. But then she shook her head. Because not only was she referring to herself as Stiletto Girl, but she was buying in to Brick’s ridiculous excuse about her skirt.
But Henrietta didn't have to point anything out, because at that moment Brick walked back in the room.
‘Oh, come on, Marcia, you have to admit, she certainly has a little something,’ Patrick said, grinning through his words.
‘She doesn't have anything,’ Marcia harrumphed. ‘How she thinks she can run around in those heels, and get away with a skirt that length, I have no idea.’
‘The boots are reinforced around the ankles, and with the correct poise and balance, it is quite easy to run in them,’ Brick pointed out.
‘What he means is, by the look of the boots, they appear to be reinforced,’ Henrietta jumped in. ‘Brick knows a lot about . . . leather and shoes,’ she added quickly.
‘And as for the skirt, I think you will find that it is just the right length for running and kicking,’ Brick finished off.
Both Jimmy and Patrick erupted into laughter, and it had a very boyish edge to it.
Marcia looked wild for a moment. ‘I don't know what you are both laughing at. That woman must have very low self-esteem if she feels the need to run around town dressed like a hooker in a mask.’
It was about the most hypocritical thing that Henrietta had ever heard, but she quickly leaned over and slapped Brick on the back when she realised he was about to say something. Knowing Brick, he would probably point out to Marcia that her skirt, while short, was not the optimal length for action, and that her heels, while high, did not match her hair. And then he would go on to point out her psychological faults, and why they might lead her to form an inaccurate conclusion about Stiletto Girl.
‘What do you think about this then?’ Marcia rounded on Henrietta.
Everyone looked at her, even Brick turned to face her.
Her cheeks started to go pink. ‘What do I think? About Stiletto Girl?’
Before Henrietta could come up with something, Brick flicked his head to the side, got an odd look on his face, then snapped over to Henrietta and locked an arm around her elbow.
Marcia raised an eyebrow.
‘I am sorry, Marcia Gosling, but I am bored of your party. We are going,’ with that he started to tug Henrietta backwards. ‘Enjoy the wine.’
Brick had such a firm hold on Henrietta's elbow, that she couldn't break free, and quickly he turned her around, and they headed for the door.
‘Brick, what are you doing?’ she asked in a harsh whisper.
‘I have just received word, there are witches on the dock.’
Henrietta stopped resisting and let Brick pulled her towards the door.
‘Henrietta!’ Marcia screamed from behind.
‘Sorry, Marcia,’ Henrietta waved at her sister, ‘but I told you he was eccentric.’ It was a terrible excuse, but somehow it worked, because Marcia didn't run up to Henrietta and start tugging on her too.
Before too long, both Brick and Henrietta were out of the house.
‘Right,’ Brick looked to his left and right as they walked down Marcia's path, ‘that went exactly as I expected it to. The information gathered by my warrior monk brethren was correct,’ he left it at that.
Well, it certainly hadn't gone how Henrietta had expected it to. Firstly, Brick really had been immune to Marcia's charms, and secondly, Henrietta had kind of put her foot in it, and pretended that Brick was a rich eccentric Frenchman. Now she would never hear the end of this. Marcia would be calling her 24/7, probably even coming around her house on the off chance that she could spy Brick.
Damn.
Henrietta felt like she had when she had mistakenly cast the blizzard spell in the forest. She simply had not chosen her words correctly.
Brick kept on tugging her along until they reached a dark section of road underneath some thick trees. Then he paused, looked concertedly along the street, and then nodded at Henrietta. ‘You can transform.’
Henrietta tugged the hatpin from her hair, but she also glanced up and down the street. For all they knew, a kid could be playing with his mobile phone in the window, ready to snatch some footage of Henrietta changing.
‘Do not be afraid,’ Brick gave her the thumbs up sign, ‘no one will see you transform here.’
It really was dark where they were standing, but Henrietta wasn't comfortable in whipping off her clothes in a magical swirl of energy, and transforming into her outrageous witch hunter costume. ‘I'm not going to transform here,’ she let her hand drop, the hatpin resting at her side.
Eventually they ran down another section of road, until they came to a small park. It had large trees, and there were no houses around the sides. Henrietta felt comfortable enough to pick up her hatpin, and write the words which hunter in the air.
She transformed.
Then she patted at her incredibly short skirt and gave a good tug on her jacket. She was ready.
‘Excellent,’ Brick turned from her. He shifted his shoulders around a bit, then opened his jacket wide.
Henrietta stood up on her tippy toes, trying to glance over his shoulder to figure out what he was doing.
But he hid himself from view, and then after a great deal of rummaging, he stood back.
There was a sodding great Harley-Davidson motorbike sitting in front of him. It was huge.
‘Don't worry,’ he sat down on the motorbike, his jacket flaring around at his quick, snapped move. ‘I have my motorbike license.’
Henrietta didn't say anything. She just got on the back of the motorbike with Brick, and then he gunned the engine, and the two of them roared out of the park.
They headed to the dock.
Chapter Ten
Henrietta was starting to get good at this. Or at least that was what Brick was telling her. She no longer hesitated as much when she met a witch, and her spells were coming quicker and easier. They also appeared to be growing in strength somehow. When she cast an ice ball these days, it would shoot out quicker and would travel for a longer distance.
Brick had assured her that the more she practised and fought, the stronger her magic would become. Yet she was still not strong enough to fight the Witch King. Brick told her it would probably take months if not an entire year of practice before she was ready to face him. But at least she could contain his efforts by going after the lesser witches under his command.
Henrietta walked along the dock, her boots clinking against the old, rotting wooden boards.
It was well lit, but even still, the street lights that were dotted around the place still left great swathes of darkness in between. You could be standing right under one of the lamps, and be fully illuminated, and yet all around you would be a great area of shadow. Henrietta was starting to appreciate that a lot could lurk in the shadows.
‘What are we dealing with here?’ she asked quietly as she kept on walking along, never once falling, despite the fact her heels should have been treacherous along the uneven boards.
Brick was sniffing the air, and Henrietta had come to realise he always did that when he was trying to figure out what kind of witch they were about to fight. He even brought his finger up, licked it, and ran it through the air as if he was trying to check the direction of the wind. ‘Water witches,’ he rumbled, and as he did, there was a very loud wet splash from behind them.
Henrietta whirled around, her jacket plastering against her legs.
She brought up her wand defensively.
She hadn't fought a water witch yet. She had fought plenty of fire witches, and earth witches, and even an air witch. But not a water witch.
They all looked different too, each different category of witch. Some of them were far more human-looking than the others; it seemed to depend on what kind of magic they had. The earth witches looked like young women who had caked themselves in dirt and dust. An air witch had such a flighty, flowing quality to her, that you could easily tell she wasn’t human. And as for a water witch, Henrietta was about to find out.
There was another wet thump from behind her, and Henrietta twisted, bringing her wand up as she did and writing the word wall in the air.
It was a handy spell, and the second she finished writing it, a wall formed just in front of her and Brick.
It was in time to see a massive spurt of water rush from the river and smash into the wall.
The wall actually shook from the force of it.
‘She is powerful,’ Brick warned as he grabbed his crossbow from his jacket. ‘Be careful.’
Henrietta turned again; she could hear a steady dripping noise to her left.
She hadn't yet seen anything. While the water had rocketed from the river and smashed against her wall spell, she hadn't seen the creature that had cast it.
‘Remain on guard,’ Brick kept turning around in a circle, crossbow held tightly in his hands.
Even though Henrietta got the urge to write a fire spell and cast it in every direction, she stopped herself. Because the more she wrote, the more she would drain her magic, and until she knew exactly what she was dealing with, she couldn't risk wasting resources. She had learnt that important lesson over the past couple of weeks. Her magic had a definite limit, and even though that limit appeared to be increasing with practice, it was still there. Depending on the strength of the spell, she could probably cast about 10 or 12 different words before she started to ache with fatigue. And she always had to be careful to keep enough magic left for the banishing spell. While there were several ways to defeat a witch, the banishing spell was always the most reliable. However, she could not cast it the second she came across a witch; she would have to defeat the witch first, or at least fight her for long enough until the witch became tired.
‘Get down,’ Brick suddenly hollered from her side, knocking into her, and planting a hand firmly on her back.
Henrietta let herself fall to her knees, though she rolled quickly onto her back and brought her wand up.
A sharp jet of water almost like a knife sliced over where she had been standing. It twisted around in a wide arc and actually managed to cut through the metal post of one of the street lamps. The light blinked out in an instant, and the pole fell over, the glass smashing against the dock and covering her back and face.
She jumped to her feet, dusting the glass off, and she stared wildly towards the water.
She had never faced a spell like that. Fireballs, yes, mini earthquakes, sure, but that water spell had been incredible. It had been strong enough to cut through a metal pole.
‘Get down,’ Brick roared again, though this time he wasn't close enough to her that he could grab her and pull her to her knees.
Henrietta flattened anyway, but it wasn't quick enough; another one of those jets of water sliced over her, and it managed to cut off the tales of her jacket.
Henrietta shrieked, pushing herself further down into the broken beams of the dock, and covering her head for a moment.
‘It is on the barge,’ Brick roared by her side.
She pushed herself up and stared into the darkness. She could hardly see anything; now that the street lamp behind her was gone, it was too dark to pick much out.
Night vision.
Henrietta wrote the word in the air, and just as she finished, a surge of energy shot up from a symbol at her feet. The energy collected in her eyes, and she blinked through the powerfully peculiar sensation until suddenly she could see around her perfectly.
It didn't matter that it was dark; Henrietta could see everywhere. She glanced towards the dock and the water, and she saw the barge. What was more, she saw the creature standing on top of it.
A water witch.
She had the form of a young woman, but the clothes she was wearing were decidedly other. Also, her hair hung around her like a wet sheet billowing in the wind. Droplets of water cascaded from her arms and legs at every movement, and her eyes were wide and glossy.
Wall.
Henrietta wrote her favourite spell in the air once again, just in time to stop another one of those jets of water from chopping her in half.
Brick skidded to his feet and did a somersault right behind the wall, but not before the jet of water managed to knock his hat from his head.
The bricks of her magical wall took a beating, and shifted backwards with the force of the witch’s water jet, but they did not fall. Still, Henrietta fancied that they would not be able to take too much of an onslaught before the spell failed.
So she had to be creative. She could figure that it would take an enormous amount of magic to banish this witch, so she had to be scrupulous with her remaining spells in order to defeat it.
Tremble.
She wrote the spell, bringing her arm out as far as she could, trying to write the word as far away from her body as was possible.
Even though it was hard, Henrietta was starting to get a handle on where to cast her spells. When she had first started out being a witch hunter, she had just wrote her words willy-nilly in the air, with no care for where the spells were cast. But now she understood that the relationship between where she wrote them affected where they appeared. She still wasn't that accurate, but she was trying to improve. And fortunately this time she got it right. After she had finished writing the word tremble in the air with her wand, the barge the witch stood on started to shake.
It was violent and quick, and it made the witch stumble on her feet until she fell over, her body slamming forward with a wet splash.
The witch cried out. While a fire witch shrieked like a whistle, a water which sounded far more like a distressed drowning person.
It was a frankly horrible sound to listen to, and Henrietta found herself flinching at it.
‘Cast your magnification spell,’ Henrietta snapped at Brick as she darted around the side of her magical wall.
Brick did not hesitate; he pointed his crossbow right at Henrietta and then shot it. That familiar blue spark landed right on her shoulder, then a mandala formed at her feet.
It sent such a rush of energy through Henrietta, that her shoulders tugged back and she took an enormous and involuntary breath.
It was the rush she needed to perform the next spell.
Tornado.
Fire.
She wrote both words in the air, in such quick succession, that the symbols seemed to form together. Both spells twisted around her until they shot out towards the barge.
Henrietta stumbled backwards. Though she had gotten Brick to cast a magical magnification spell, casting two spells at once had still taken their toll on Henrietta.
But she didn't stumble over, she still kept on her feet, and she looked up just in time to see the fire tornado pass over the barge.
The water witch shrieked again, that horrible drowning sound echoing around the docks.
Henrietta wanted to clamp her hands over her ears to block it out. But she needed to hold her wand at the ready.
The fire tornado quickly dissipated; combined spells never lasted long. But as the last twist of fire disappeared, Henrietta ran forward to the edge of the dock to see what damage they had done.
The barge itself was trashed; it was covered in black char. But still, amongst the mess, there stood a young woman, no longer dripping water though, but sizzling as steam hissed over her body.
Henrietta did not wait. She whipped out her wand and she wrote the word banish in the air. But before she could finish, a funny thing happened.
The witch disappeared. A hole formed just underneath the creature's feet, and in an instant she dropped out of sight.
Henrietta stumbled backwards, startled, her hand stiff around her wand.
‘What the—’ she began.
Before she could finish her sentence, Brick toppled into her, latched a hand over her arm, and started to pull her back. ‘We have to get out of here.’ His expression was wild. It was a look Henrietta had never seen on his face. Sure, sometimes Brick would look startled or angry or frustrated or even powerful in the heat of battle, but the fear plastered over his face now was different.
‘Brick?’ Henrietta's voice shook. ‘What is happening?’
‘Henrietta, run,’ he pushed hard into her back, and then he stood and faced the barge, bringing his crossbow up and pointing it right at the hole that was still there.
Henrietta stumbled from Brick's shove, but she didn't do as he said, and she didn't race off into the night. ‘Brick, what is happening?’ she asked again.
‘Henrietta, run,’ he repeated. He did not pause or even waste the breath to call her Warrior Woman Henrietta. Which was something he had never done before. Despite how ludicrously quick and fraught and violent a situation could become, Brick always used her full name while addressing her.
But not right now.
What was more, his leather jacket was twitching from side to side as his arm shuddered whilst he held onto his crossbow.
She backed off, her heels clicking softly against the wood below her.
Something began to form out of the hole in the barge.
The spell Henrietta had cast on herself that made her eyes perfectly capable of seeing at night was still working, so Henrietta had no trouble in making out the figure that was pulling itself out of that black hole.
First she saw the hands, then she saw the arms, and then something rose right out that black, bottomless pit.
That something was a man.
He was dressed in a pair of suit pants and a white shirt. His top button was undone, but the rest of his outfit was neat and pressed. He was young, maybe in his late 20s, and he had a keen handsome face and expression. His eyes were wide with interest, and in another moment he offered her a smile.
Henrietta kept on backing up until her boots collected against the pole of the chopped-in-half street lamp.
She fell right over it and bumped her butt right on the ground.
This always happened when she was afraid; she lost the ability to walk around in her ridiculous heels and fell down unceremoniously.
The man smiled even further, bringing his hands up to clap. The hollow sound of it echoed around the docks.
‘Warrior Woman, get out of here,’ Brick pleaded with her again.
‘Brick, who is that?’
‘Allow me to introduce myself,’ the man folded his arm in front of himself and bowed. He raised his head while he was still in the bowed position, apparently always keen to keep his gaze locked on hers.
Henrietta's throat was dry, and the muscles of her face were tense, forcing her eyes wide and her lips to part.
‘I am Theodore Francis Hellier the Third,’ the man bowed again.
Henrietta had already scrambled to her feet, and she held hold of her wand and pushed it in front of her, getting ready to write.
The man smiled harder, but it was not a reassuring move. ‘I welcome your magic, young witch hunter.’
‘What are you?’ As soon as the words shook out of her throat, she came up with her own answer.
It was obvious the man was a witch, and so far the only male witches she had heard of were the King Witches.
Brick had told her over and over again how powerful they were, and how Henrietta was in no way ready to face one yet.
A powerful surge of fear crossed over her, and Henrietta found herself teetering on her heels until she fell over again.
‘I have not met a witch hunter in years,’ the man pointed out as he took a step forward, the black hole underneath him disappearing in a hiss.
He looked at her with such interest that Henrietta began to blush. It had something to do with the quality of his gaze, how his eyes darted over her and seemed to see right through her.
She stumbled to her feet again, clutching a hand protectively in front of her chest.
The man chuckled. He kept on walking forward until he physically took a step off the barge. He didn't plummet down and fall into the river. No, he just walked over it.
The hair on the back of Henrietta’s neck stood on end, and a horrible metallic taste filled her mouth.
‘Get back,’ Brick shouted just as he fired a bolt towards the man.
The man brought up a hand and swatted at the bolt, the magical light dissipating in an instant.
‘Stay out of this, warrior monk,’ the man spat.
He made it to the dock, he walked right onto it, his expensive-looking shoes now squeaking over the old wood. Up close, he looked even more intense.
Wall.
Henrietta wrote the word in front of herself, her arm twitching, her breath fast.
The wall appeared, but as it did, the Witch King began to chuckle.
Then he walked right through it. Although the magical bricks fell around him, and appeared to strike his face and arms with violet force, the man was unaffected. He brought up his other hand, fixed his hair, cracked his neck, and kept walking towards Henrietta.
‘What do you want?’ Henrietta kept walking backwards, but it was very hard to keep her balance, and her ankles and legs wobbled from side to side.
Even though her wall spell had just proven to be so ineffective, she still held her wand out before her defensively.
‘An invitation,’ the man tipped his head to the side and gave her a lingering look.
Henrietta baulked. ‘I am not going anywhere with you.’
He snapped his eyes up, no longer looking at her skirt and boots. ‘Now or later, Witch Hunter, you will follow. They all do in the end.’
‘Warrior Woman, run,’ Brick shouted again, suddenly whirling forward and bringing his crossbow around towards the face of the man.
The man darted to the side quickly, brought his arm up, and protected his head just as Brick brought the crossbow around.
That would be when the crossbow shattered.
It wasn't even loud, but Henrietta found herself shrieking at the noise.
Although Brick took a shuddering step backwards, and gave his crossbow an alarmed look, in another second he threw it to the side and launched himself at the Witch King.
The two of them fought.
The man, the Witch King, was fast, but so was Brick.
‘Run,’ Brick told her once more.
And then Henrietta ran.
She didn't stay by Brick's side, she didn't try to defend him, because the look in that warrior monk’s eyes was powerful and so pleading that she couldn't possibly ignore it.
Still shaking on her heels, her fear almost drowning her, Henrietta ran from the dock, and she kept on running until she was as far away from that side of town as she could get.
In fact, it wasn't until she reached her home, locked her door, and flopped down on her floor that she stopped her frantic escape.
She just curled up on her rug, right next to the singed section of floor where her hatpin had burnt through the floorboards. She waited.
She stayed in that position until Brick finally returned home.
Chapter Eleven
When he appeared on the other side of her door, without even bothering to open it, Henrietta actually gave a scream.
She punched up to her feet, and brought her hands up, just as Brick fell forward.
Though he was tall and quite well built, and Henrietta was hardly a body builder, she managed to catch him and hold him in place.
‘Brick!’ She twisted him around in her arms until she saw his face.
It was covered in bruises and blood, and his bottom lip was fat and cut right down the middle.
He offered her a bare smile.
‘What happened? Are you alright?’ She brought him down until he rested on the floor, and then she leaned over him like a worried mother.
Just at that moment she heard a soft bark from her bedroom, and then Barney, showing incredible speed, ran up to Brick's side. The dog sniffed over Brick's jacket, and then began to nuzzle at his hand.
Brick chuckled. ‘Bring me food,’ was all he said.
‘Brick, you are injured, what can I do?’ Henrietta didn't immediately rush to her kitchen and bring him a sandwich; he was so beaten and bloody it looked as if he could hardly move, and even though it had been years since she had done her first aid course, she doubted that a hastily-made cheese sandwich was recommended as a cure-all.
‘Bring me some chicken,’ Brick said, his voice faint and light.
He even reached up a hand towards the kitchen.
Henrietta was still dressed as a witch hunter. She hadn't bothered to change, she had just run all the way home from the dock. She still had her wand pressed into one of her hands.
Now she looked at it.
Though she had been fighting witches for several weeks now, she still had not figured out just how many spells she could write. There was still more to learn and still more to try.
Henrietta ran her fingers over the crystal at the top of her wand, then she looked down at Brick.
‘Chicken,’ he said again, voice equally as pathetic as before. If he wasn't so obviously injured, the scene would be farcical. A man in a giant leather jacket groping towards the kitchen and pleading for chicken; it belonged in a cartoon. But that was just the thing, Brick was obviously injured. His breathing was horribly ragged, what was more, blood kept on trickling and oozing from the injuries on his face, and as Henrietta looked down to his chest, she could see his shirt was spattered with red.
Heal him.
She wrote the words in the air. Nothing happened. No rush of energy came out from a symbol at her feet and collected over Brick, fixing him up in an instant.
Henrietta looked down at her wand again. ‘Come on,’ she encouraged it.
Healing.
She wrote that word in the air instead, but once again, nothing happened.
‘Chicken,’ Brick moaned again.
It was sometimes very hard to get the right words that would cast a spell. Not any collection of phrases would produce magic; she had to pick exactly the right ones. Right now she had no idea what she was meant to write. She really wanted to heal Brick, and she had no reason to believe she couldn't.
Health.
Suddenly light appeared from under her feet, and then a whirl of orange, yellow, and white sparks enraptured around her and shot right down into Brick.
For a moment he jostled, twitching suddenly, and Henrietta crammed her hands over her mouth and screamed.
What had she just done?
Soon the sparks settled down into Brick’s skin, and they crackled around his injuries, dancing like fireflies in the wind.
The effect lasted for almost 30 seconds, but eventually the light dissipated, and just as it did, Brick shot to his feet.
The move was sudden, and Henrietta reeled backwards from it.
Brick looked fantastic, if the warrior monk could ever actually look good in his leather jacket getup. But the point was, he looked healthy, vibrant even.
He turned to her and nodded his head low. ‘Thank you, Warrior Woman Henrietta.’ Without another word, he walked off to the kitchen and helped himself to some chicken from the fridge.
Henrietta followed after him, staring down at her wand as she walked.
She had just healed a man. She had just taken away someone's injuries with magic.
Incredible. It was incredible. Just how much magic could she produce? Just what other spells was she capable of?
‘I was wondering when you were going to learn that spell,’ Brick said as he crammed a chicken wing into his mouth, little chunks of food splattering over his chin and neck.
Henrietta grimaced at him, walked over to one of her drawers, and pulled out a tea towel, handing it to him. Then she listened to what he was saying. ‘Why didn't you just tell me to cast that spell?’
‘It doesn't work like that, Henrietta. I can't tell you how to learn; you have to do it for yourself. If I told you what spells to cast, you would never develop a proper battle brain.’
‘Battle brain?’ she asked him. ‘What does that mean?’
Brick paused, the chicken wing still half in his mouth, and he tapped at the side of his head. ‘Your instinct. That subconscious connection that tells you what to write, that knows the best spell to win the battle. I can't teach you that; you have to learn it yourself.’
Henrietta pressed her lips together sternly. ‘But you were so injured! Why didn't you just tell me the name of that spell, I could have healed you the second you got in the door.’
Brick kept on shovelling the chicken into his mouth. ‘It doesn't matter, you cast the right spell anyway.’
She always hated when he used excuses like that. He would do something dangerous and risky, and then he would just blow it off by telling her that everything worked out in the end anyway. If Henrietta were Brick's mother, she would go over there and clip him around the ears for being a smart ass. Instead she grabbed at the plate of chicken and pulled it across the table from him.
‘Hey, what are you doing?’
‘You don't get any more chicken until you tell me who that guy was at the dock,’ Henrietta's voice shook. ‘He was a witch king, wasn't he?’
Slowly Brick let the chicken wing fall from his mouth, then he rested his hands on the table. ‘Yes.’
Henrietta felt sick, but she hid the feeling by straightening up in her chair and crossing her arms tightly. ‘Why did he appear?’
Brick let out a worried-sounding breath. ‘I had hoped that he wouldn't. I had hoped that we would have had time to train you before your first encounter.’
‘Why did he invite me to join him?’ Henrietta's voice wavered, and she clutched hard around her middle as her sick feeling surged.
‘Well, technically, not all witch hunters were killed off in the last war.’
‘What do you mean?’ Henrietta asked slowly, not really wanting to know the answer for some reason.
‘Witch hunters are not all that different from witches; they are both capable of using strong magic,’ Brick pointed out.
‘Brick, answer the question,’ she had been around him long enough now to know that the warrior monk always dodged around uncomfortable questions by answering something else.
Brick looked at the table for a moment, then he finally raised his head to look at her. ‘They can join in union. Witch King and a witch hunter.’
Henrietta scrunched up her face instinctively. ‘You mean marry? A witch hunter can marry a witch king?’
Brick nodded his head. ‘They proved to be powerful partnerships.’
Brick’s words and the very notion of the concept he was explaining sat heavily with Henrietta, and she rubbed at her stomach, trying to chase away the nausea. ‘Well I would never marry that man. I don't even know him!’ she pointed out, as if that was the most important factor. But, seriously, he was a witch king. He commanded a force of nefarious, horrible creatures hell-bent on destroying humanity.
‘Nothing happened, Warrior Woman Henrietta. You managed to get away, and now we are safely in your kitchen,’ he looked across at the chicken, ‘feasting.’ He leaned over and grabbed at the plate.
But Henrietta got there first, and picked it up, taking it out of his reach. ‘I am not done yet, Brick.’ She gave an uncomfortable swallow. ‘What happens now? Is that guy going to appear every single time we fight a witch? Am I going to have to go into hiding, and practice on my own, until we are ready to face him? Is he going to hound my every move?’
Henrietta's voice was quick, frantic even, and just as she thought of one question, another one popped into her head.
Brick raised a hand. ‘Henrietta, I know this is difficult, but the threat is over for now.’
He was calling her Henrietta again. Not Warrior Woman Henrietta, or witch hunter, just Henrietta. For some reason it calmed her.
‘To answer your question, I do not know. Though I doubt that the Witch King will appear every time we fight a witch. I believe tonight . . . was different. That water witch was very powerful, and may have been one of Witch King Hellier's personal bodyguards.’
Henrietta let a sharp breath through her teeth. ‘But is he going to be after me now?’ That was the question that was most important, the one she needed an answer to.
‘The answer simply is yes. However, he is a Witch King and you are a witch hunter,’ Brick gave a shrug. ‘It is only natural.’
‘Brick!’ Henrietta shouted at him.
He put a hand up. ‘What I mean to say is, he will not be after you any more than before. While we have every aim to clear this town of witches, his own goal is to secure his power and influence over his own kind. He now knows of your presence, and he will try to interrupt our operations. But if we stay away from him directly, and only go after the lower class witches for now, we will have a chance to train you up before you meet him again in battle.’
Henrietta finally pushed the chicken towards Brick, and the warrior monk grabbed at it like a hungry child.
Then she walked into the centre of the room and wrote Henrietta Gosling in the air. She transformed, and she was back in the clothes she had worn to the party. She quickly changed into the fluffy pyjamas she only ever wore in winter, and shrugged into her bath robe, cramming her slippers onto her feet. Then she made herself a cup of cocoa, and finally sat back down at the table. When she did, it was to the sight of Brick finishing off the plate of chicken, and burping loudly.
‘You are disgusting,’ she mumbled as she pressed the warm cup into her chest, revelling in the heat.
Though she was sick and tense and entirely frightened over what had just happened with the Witch King, Henrietta eventually calmed down enough to go to bed.
But that night she slept with her hatpin in hand. She was careful to find some leather to put over the bottom so she didn't end up stabbing herself in the middle of the night though.
Pen in hand, Henrietta Gosling drifted off.
Chapter Twelve
Brick had been right. For the next few weeks after her run-in with Witch King Hellier, Henrietta's night-time fights with the witches were not interrupted by the man. However, the frequency with which the witches appeared seemed to increase, and nearly every single night Henrietta would find herself running off with Brick to protect the city.
She was getting better, but Brick had assured her many times that she was still not ready to fight the Witch King.
Which was a good thing, because she didn't want to. Every single time she closed her eyes and imagined that man's face, she always had to grab at her hatpin to calm herself down.
Just the thought of him frightened the life out of her.
He was imbued with magic; the way he had walked so casually over water, the way he had ignored her wall spell and had moved right through it with ease.
Henrietta shuddered again as she put chocolate sprinkles on the coffee she was preparing.
‘Feeling cold?’ Patrick asked as he reached out a hand to take the coffee.
Henrietta ran a hand up and down her arm. ‘I guess.’
‘Then you must be coming down with a cold, because it is sweltering in here,’ Patrick latched a hand into the collar of his shirt and pulled at it. ‘So, Henrietta, how—’ he began.
‘Is my sister?’ she got there first.
But Patrick shook his head. He took a sip from his coffee. ‘Actually, I was going to ask how you are?’
He had been doing that a lot recently. In fact, ever since the party, Patrick had been a whole lot more engaging whenever he had spoken to her. So had Jimmy Field, come to mention it, so had nearly every single man that had seen her there that night.
Even though Henrietta hadn’t worn that fantastic dress again, and she hadn't let Brick do her hair in weeks, it seemed the effect lasted.
‘I guess I'm okay,’ she answered uneasily.
‘That isn't something you should have to guess at, Henrietta,’ Patrick pointed out as he shifted his head to the side and looked at her carefully.
‘Ignore me, I am just distracted,’ she brushed at her cold arms again. Then she walked off as another customer ordered a coffee. When she came back, it was to the sight of Jimmy and Patrick exchanging pats on the back. The two of them were still the firmest of friends, despite Jimmy’s on-and-off relationship with Marcia. In fact, apparently these days it was a lot more off than it was on. Because ever since Marcia had met Brick at her party, Henrietta's sister had been going mad in her attempts to catch Brick's affection.
It hadn't worked, obviously, and the few times Marcia had met up with Brick, Brick had remained aloof and lovingly bizarre.
That just made Marcia want him even more. It seemed that every single day Henrietta would get a text from Marcia, begging Henrietta to bring Brick along on a double date.
That was never going to happen though, of course.
Jimmy ordered a slice of cake and an espresso, and Henrietta brought them over, handing them to him just as Jimmy turned and began to laugh at Patrick. ‘You can't be serious?’
Patrick nodded his head. ‘We have got photos.’
‘Well, can I see them?’ Jimmy put a hand on his chin, then let it slide down, his jaw locking into a grin. He had that familiar schoolboy look about him, and it was one that was reflected in Patrick perfectly.
‘Technically, I should probably not be doing this, but because these aren’t linked to any case,’ Patrick pulled his phone from his pocket, ‘and the kid who snapped them has already put them online, then I guess it doesn't matter.’
Jimmy grabbed Patrick's mobile phone, before Patrick could hand it over.
Then he gave a wolf whistle. ‘Look at those boots,’ Jimmy said as he stabbed a finger towards the phone, chuckling louder.
Patrick joined in.
Stiletto Girl.
There was only one thing they could be talking about. It was their favourite topic these days. Though Henrietta served a lot of people at the cafe, and though Stiletto Girl seemed to be a hot topic of conversation, nobody talked about it is much as Jimmy and Patrick.
Of course Henrietta always found it hard to control herself whenever she overheard their conversations. She would blush, start playing with the sides of her apron, and usually find something else to talk about with them. But even the topic of Marcia couldn’t get the two off Stiletto Girl these days.
‘She was spotted outside of the industrial district, helping an old lady out of her crashed car,’ Patrick said, his voice far too high.
Henrietta remembered the incident well. Except the car had never technically crashed. What had happened was that an errant burst of wind from one of her own tornado spells had slammed into the old sedan, pushing it into a wall. Henrietta had quickly cast a health spell, and thankfully the old dear had never noticed. But then, of course Henrietta had felt compelled to help the old lady out of her seat, and she'd even enquired as to whether the grandma had insurance.
Henrietta shook her head ever so slightly.
‘You think that’s impressive? The other day we were attending a fire out west,’ Jimmy leaned in conspiratorially, ‘and she got there first. Just as we were rolling up in the fire truck, one of the windows of the house was kicked out, and she appeared carrying a kid.’ Jimmy pursed his lips, chin wobbling. ‘Then she just ran off into the night.’
Henrietta remembered that incident too. She had been fighting a fire witch, when the little hack had run up onto a roof, and cast a fireball right at a house. Henrietta had banished the witch, but she hadn’t managed to get to the house in time to dowse the fire. She had cast a scanning spell though, and when she’d realised there was a child inside, she'd gone in to save him.
She was hardly a hero here. It seemed like she was just running around mopping up after her own mistakes or her inability to stop the witches in time. Still, listening to Patrick and Jimmy drool over her antics pushed away the guilt, and Henrietta felt her cheeks blush.
‘Who the hell do you think she is?’ Jimmy always asked that question, and he always shook his head as he did, a fantastic look in his eyes.
‘I have no idea. We do have orders to escort her to the police station to answer some questions, should we ever get our hands on her,’ Patrick said as he waggled his eyebrows.
Jimmy let out a hoot of a laugh and slammed a hand onto Patrick’s shoulder. ‘Good luck.’
Henrietta went off to serve another customer, and when she came back to the two, they were no longer gawking over the pictures on Patrick's phone, and they had in fact changed topics.
‘I thought I heard a rumour that someone disappeared down there, one of the construction workers,’ Jimmy said, all levity gone from his expression, and his brow crumpled over his bright, inviting eyes.
Patrick nodded at him sternly. ‘It's just that, a rumour. We haven't had any reports of a missing person. But, that being said, some strange stuff is going on down there.’
‘Like what?’ Jimmy finished off his espresso and rested it down on his empty plate.
‘Disappearances, stuff being stolen, nothing too serious . . . but we have no idea who is doing it or where they're taking it. They seem to be concentrating on the construction area at the moment,’ Patrick shrugged his shoulders and finished up his own coffee too. Then he stood up. ‘I probably shouldn't say anything more.’
Jimmy nodded his head. ‘Yeah, sure.’
Henrietta took a step towards the bench and cleared her throat. ‘What are you talking about? Disappearances?’
She usually didn't like to interrupt Jimmy and Patrick's conversations, especially when it sounded as if Patrick was talking about his work. She was never sure how much he was meant to say, and whether she was meant to be overhearing what he was telling Jimmy. But that didn't matter right now. She had to know what he was speaking about, because an uneasy feeling had settled in her stomach.
Patrick turned to her, offering her that same engaging warm smile he always did these days. And then he shook his head. ‘It's just nothing, Henni,’ he used her nickname, something else that had changed since the party. He hardly called her Henrietta any more, preferring the much more familiar Henni whenever he could.
‘Where? Around here?’
Patrick shook his head, patting down his jacket and making it neat. ‘No. There's nothing to worry about. It's just out at the new construction site in North Square. You know, the one where they’re building another tunnel for the subway?’
No, she didn't know that; Henrietta hardly paid attention to what happened in this town, not now that she spent every single day and night preparing to fight the witches.
‘Oh,’ she pulled Jimmy’s empty plate and glass towards her. ‘What kind of stuff has been disappearing then?’
Patrick shrugged. ‘It's probably just kids. No formal complaints have been made, this is just what I've heard from a couple of mates that work at the site.’
Henrietta nodded.
Though Patrick appeared to think whatever was going on at the construction site was nothing, a surge of horrible panic prickling down Henrietta’s spine told her otherwise.
She was starting to realise that even when she wasn't trotting around town as a witch hunter, she could still access her magic. It was slight, but it was there. If Henrietta paid attention to her feelings, sometimes she could trust in the same instinct that Brick referred to as her battle brain. The sense that told her what to do next when she was fighting a witch, what spells to cast, and how to win.
Her instincts right now told her that the construction site was important, very important.
Henrietta left work early that day, and it was only because she had been so diligent and on time in the past month and a half that Maria let her go. Ever since Brick had practically moved into Henrietta's house, Henrietta no longer had trouble getting to work. She was no longer late, her clothes were no longer crumpled and stained, and her lunch was always prepared. Though Brick had a nasty habit of eating all her food and winging at her when there was no chicken in the house, he was turning out to be a fabulous house-mate. Maybe it was because he had grown up in a monastery, but not only did he always ensure Henrietta's house was spotless clean, he ironed her clothes, got her up on time, and even prepared her lunch for her.
She was also starting to get thoroughly used to his personality. He had his quirks, and he never seemed to take off that leather jacket, but apart from that, Henrietta was almost enjoying having him around.
Almost. Because he did ask for chicken too much and he cost her an enormous amount in food.
More than that, knowing he was around also let her relax. Since her run-in with the Witch King, Henrietta had been forced to take this new life of hers very seriously indeed. Doom seemed to hang over her head, and the prospect of running into that awful man loomed around every corner.
Brick kept her sane, mostly because his insanity could distract her from her own.
She ran home early, and it was to the sight of Brick in an apron, scrubbing out the oven. The apron hardly stretched around the girth of his leather jacket, but it was still somehow tied, and it made him look completely ridiculous. His expression, however, suggested that he didn't care.
‘You are home early. You have not worked your entire shift. You will earn approximately $20 less on your next pay check. This will cost us in chicken,’ he pointed out gravely.
Henrietta ignored him, flopped a hand his way, and walked over to the kitchen chair and sat in it roughly.
‘Brick, how can you find out about the witches? I mean, how do you seem to know where they are and when they are going to attack?’ she had asked him this question before, and he usually dodged right out of it.
Maybe today he was distracted by cleaning the oven, because he cleared his throat. ‘Secret warrior monk brethren communication lines. It's magic, you know.’
She nodded. Whereas several weeks ago she would have shouted at him for such a silly explanation, she could now appreciate that it held some truth.
‘Well, have you heard anything about the new construction site in North Square?’ She leaned forward with interest, her elbows resting on the table as she gazed at him.
Though he was on his hands and knees while he was scrubbing out the oven, he turned to face her. ‘No,’ he answered after a moment.
She sighed and tried to let go of the tension that was still locked in her shoulders. ‘That's a relief . . . .’ Except it wasn't entirely a relief. Because she hadn't managed to let go of all the stress that had bottled up inside her ever since she had heard about the construction site. It felt like a needle in her, scratching at her skin, commanding her attention and not letting go. ‘Brick, I overheard a conversation today between two men,’ she blushed at the word men. Because they weren’t just men; they were Carson City's finest, but Brick didn't need to know that detail. ‘Anyway, they were talking about this new construction site. One of them said there was a rumour about someone disappearing there. And the other one mentioned that things have gone missing from the construction site, but they haven't found out who is responsible.’
Brick stood up, pulled off his rubber gloves, thrust them into his jacket, and then did the same with the apron. ‘I see,’ he crossed his arms and looked thoughtful.
‘Do you think it has something to do with the witches?’
‘You tell me, Warrior Woman Henrietta,’ Brick nodded down at her. ‘What does your instinct say? What does your warrior brain tell you?’
‘That it does,’ she answered after a tense moment, forcing herself to take a breath as she did. ‘I don't know, but as I was listening to them have that conversation, I suddenly felt so uneasy. It's as if I know who is behind it and I know what is going on. I could just swear that the rumour of the disappearance has to do with the witches. There was a policeman there, and he said that there have been no missing people reported, but if a witch was seen disappearing, then of course it wouldn't have been reported, because there would be no one to miss her.’
‘Flesh out your ideas,’ Brick suggested as he sat down alongside her.
‘Hear me out, but if somebody saw a witch disappearing into the construction site, they may have assumed it was a person, and that might have started up the rumour. But of course the police would never have been able to confirm anything, because of course the witch isn't going to appear on a missing persons list.’
Brick nodded, and fortunately he did not laugh at her and point out that her suggestion was ridiculous. ‘These are very probable happenings.’
‘But if it was a witch,’ she swallowed hard, ‘then what was she doing down the tunnel? And what about the other disappearances, the other thefts? What could be going on?’
Brick narrowed his eyes and looked very thoughtful, even tapping his finger on his chin. ‘You may have found a coven then.’
Henrietta looked up sharply. ‘A what?’
Brick nodded. ‘A coven.’
‘You don't think, you don't think . . . .’ The uneasy feeling in her stomach doubled. ‘That it has something to do with Witch King Hellier?’
‘That would be the logical conclusion. You must remember that the Witch King would be in control of all witch activity in this city. If you have come across the witch coven, then no doubt the Witch King would be connected to it. Whether or not he would be located there himself, I cannot guess. I imagine he is very mobile, and resides in many residences. Remember that witch kings, unlike an ordinary witch, will come out during the day and will interact with people. They will acquire aliases, even suburban homes and dogs, and they will attempt to fit in.’
Henrietta hadn't forgotten that fact, and it was the prime reason she was having trouble sleeping sometimes. What if she ever came across Hellier in the street? Brick had assured her that the Witch King would not be able to recognise her, that her costume would hide her identity thoroughly. But what if Henrietta said something or did something to indicate who she was?
‘I suggest we investigate this, but perhaps not in person,’ Brick suddenly plunged a hand into his jacket and bought out a mobile phone.
‘You have a mobile? I didn't know that,’ Henrietta leaned across the table to get a better look. But Brick yanked his mobile phone back and covered it with his hand.
‘Don't spy on me,’ he reprimanded. ‘And yes, I have a mobile. Us warrior monks always run with the times,’ with that he stood up and walked out of the room.
Henrietta tried listening to what he was saying, but as soon as she walked close enough to the door to pick up on his conversation, she heard a little rustling sound, and he moved off with his trademark speed. She quickly gave up, went and hopped in the shower, and afterwards set about making tea.
Brick was gone for some time, but mysteriously appeared the second she set his bowl on the table.
‘So, are we going to the construction site tonight?’ Henrietta asked with interest.
Brick shook his head. ‘This is a reconnaissance job, a job for my warrior monk brethren. They will scout this out, and I will be informed if anything comes up. So tonight, Warrior Woman Henrietta, you have a holiday.’ Without another word, Brick brought his food towards him and started to shovel it into his mouth like he was a starving pig at the trough.
Henrietta finished off her own meal, left the dishes for Brick, then she wandered about the house at a loss.
Considering her nights were so busy these days, she didn't know what to do with herself when she wasn't running around saving the day. She quickly got a reprieve when her phone rang. The reprieve didn't last however, because it was Marcia.
‘Is he there? Brick? Is he there with you?’ Marcia asked immediately.
Henrietta couldn't count the number of times Marcia had asked her that question. Every single time she rang Henrietta these days, Henrietta's sister would always want to know if Brick was anywhere nearby. Henrietta fancied that Marcia was probably in her car, and ready to dart around to Henrietta’s in an instant if Henrietta so much as hinted at the fact Brick was in the same suburb, let alone house.
‘I haven't seen him for days,’ Henrietta lied.
‘Oh,’ Marcia sounded powerfully disappointed. She trailed off for a moment. ‘Well, have you heard about the ball then? Do you know if he has a date?’
Henrietta shook her head in confusion at the quick change in subject. ‘Sorry? What are you talking about, Marcia?’
‘The ball, the masquerade, Jesus Christ, Henrietta, where have you been? It's being advertised on every radio station, even the TV, and there are posters up everywhere along the subway.’
Henrietta didn't have time to listen to the radio or watch TV, and she never took the subway, because her house was within walking distance of work. So no, she hadn't heard about the masquerade.
‘It's a charity ball, and it is going to be so fantastic,’ Marcia pointed out passionately. ‘Everybody is going to be there, all the elites, all the politicians, all the socialites, everyone.’ Even though Marcia's list of people who would be attending the ball certainly wasn't exhaustive, and left out nearly all of the population, Henrietta got the picture. This dance would be catering for exactly the kind of people that Marcia loved: the rich, famous, and good-looking.
‘The tickets aren’t that expensive, if you get in early, so hurry up and ask Brick if he wants to come with me already,’ Marcia snapped, as if she could possibly be angry that Henrietta hadn't asked Brick to go with Marcia to the dance yet, considering Henrietta hadn't even heard about it until a few seconds ago.
‘I really don't think he will want to go,’ Henrietta tried to wrack her brains for a diplomatic reason. She didn't want to outright tell Marcia that there would be no way Brick would ever be interested in her. Marcia would blow a gasket. ‘He doesn't like parties.’
‘But this is a masquerade,’ Marcia trilled. ‘It's completely different.’
‘Marcia, it's a party where you wear a mask, but it is still a party,’ Henrietta said patiently.
‘Just ask him already. You told me he doesn't have a mobile phone, and he is not on Facebook, and he never seems to be around when I come by, so just ask him for me,’ Marcia pleaded.
‘Okay,’ Henrietta caved in.
‘You should think of going too. You don't have to have a date or anything,’ Marcia added at the end.
Henrietta narrowed her eyes. ‘It really wouldn't be my thing.’
Marcia snorted. ‘Of course it wouldn't, sorry, I forgot who I was talking to. But hurry up and ask Brick and get back to me. I really need to figure out what I want to wear. They're doing this really cute thing where if you come with a partner, you have to be matched. So you have to wear the same masks, and if you come in a red dress, he has to have a red handkerchief. It's going to be so stylish. So I will need to know what Brick wears so I can order my dress.’
Henrietta tried very hard not to snigger. Because, if Hell froze over, and Brick agreed to go with Marcia to the masquerade, then there would be only one thing he would wear. Incredibly cumbersome and over-large clothes, old boots, and a ridiculous leather jacket. The thought of Marcia trying to match her dress to that, made it very hard for Henrietta to keep a straight face.
‘Okay, okay, next time I see him, I will ask,’ Henrietta assured Marcia.
‘Excellent. But make sure you hurry up. Like I said, the tickets are cheap now, but I can bet they are going to get more expensive. Plus, we need to decide whether we are going to fork out a little bit more money and get into the main room. Apparently Mr Hellier, this incredibly gorgeous philanthropist, that you just have to see to believe, is organising the masquerade. In fact, he is giving a chunk of money away too. Anyway, if you want to meet him, you have to pay more to get into the main room. Otherwise you have to hang out with the plebs downstairs.’
Henrietta froze. She almost dropped her phone. In fact, her hands suddenly became so slick with sweat it began to slip from her fingers.
‘Henrietta? Are you there?’ Marcia demanded after Henrietta withdrew into silence.
Henrietta clapped a hand on her chest, and the shudder of her heartbeat shifted her palm in place. ‘Sorry, what was the name of the guy organising it?’
‘Mr Mark Hellier, haven't you heard of him? He is like only the most eligible bachelor in town? I would so have gone after him, but I have never met him. Apparently it is really hard. He is always so busy,’ Marcia said through a lonesome breath. ‘But if we pay enough, I could so see him at this masquerade. Apparently he has like a string of girlfriends or something, and they're all really sallow looking, I think he's into the Gothic look. But I could put on more make-up, and I know a friend who owns this really lacy black dress,’ Marcia started to babble.
As soon as Marcia had pointed out that Mr Hellier's first name was Mark and not Theodore, Henrietta had started to relax. But upon hearing the comment about the Gothic girlfriends with the sallow faces, Henrietta’s heart began to beat faster and faster. ‘Marcia, look, I have to go; I think I organised to meet up with Brick tonight or something. I'll ask him about going to the masquerade, and I will get back to you. Goodbye.’ Henrietta hung up before her sister could say anything else.
Then Henrietta stood there in her lounge room, her bare feet sinking into her plush carpet, but her skin suddenly prickling with cold.
She turned sharply and ran to the lounge room.
Brick was sitting on the couch, messaging quickly on his mobile phone, and he gave her a terse look as she entered. Before he could berate her for interrupting him, his expression changed. ‘Warrior woman Henrietta, you appear distressed. You were speaking to your sister on the phone, has she said something that has further reduced your self-confidence?’
Henrietta tried to force her breath to become steady and even, but it was choppy and short. ‘Brick, Brick, oh god, he's going to have a masquerade, and everyone in town is invited.’
‘What are you talking about? Who is going to have a masquerade?’ Brick finished texting on his phone and pushed it into the inner pocket of his jacket. Then he gave her his full attention.
‘Hellier,’ Henrietta clamped to hand over her mouth and shook her head slowly, shock still rippling through her.
That got Brick's attention, and he pushed himself to his feet, planting his hands on the table. ‘What do you talk of, Warrior woman Henrietta?’
‘I just got off the phone with my sister, and she told me that this guy called Mark Hellier is organising this massive charity ball.’
‘Because his last name is shared with that of the Witch King of this town, does not mean he is the same man,’ Brick pointed out calmly.
Henrietta shook her head so vigorously that her fringe came free of her ponytail and fell across her eyes. ‘That's not all she said. She told me that this Mark guy is always surrounded by a litany of sallow-looking, terribly-thin girlfriends.’
Brick didn't say anything for a moment. ‘Perhaps that is the style of woman he prefers. It doesn't mean—’
‘Marcia is terrible at remembering names. It probably is Theodore Hellier. Plus, Brick, my skin is tingling, it feels like something is crawling up my spine, and my stomach is bottoming out. You keep on telling me to follow my instincts, and right now they are screaming at me that the Witch King has just organised a freaking masquerade. What do we do?’
Brick answered by bringing out his mobile phone again, and beginning to furiously text. ‘It appears it is time to mobilise the warrior monks. Henrietta, get some rest.’ He headed towards the back door. ‘By morning I will have your answers for you.’
Then he left. He didn't wait around to tell her that everything would be okay. And neither did he assure her that the Witch King couldn't possibly be putting on a charity ball. No, he just left her house, texting with one hand as he grabbed his hat and crammed it on his head.
Henrietta had to force two hot chocolates down her gullet before she could calm down enough to watch some TV and finally go to bed. 
She did not have a good sleep.
She thought about him, she even dreamed about him, the Witch King, Theodore Hellier.
Chapter Thirteen
Henrietta woke up that morning to a fiendish knocking on her door, but just as she went to open it, Brick appeared at her side and rushed past her. He yanked the door open, and then ushered the person on the doorstep in.
Henrietta still had sleep in her eyes, but when she finished rubbing it out, she got the distinct feeling she was still dreaming.
Because what she was looking at had to be something out of a dream.
It was a man, of a short build and stature, and he was wearing a ridiculously long leather jacket, almost exactly the same as Brick's. What was more, he had a familiar array of stubble over his chin, and he also had the kind of face that suggested it could never age.
He gave Henrietta a low nod, but then began to talk with Brick in low, hushed tones.
Henrietta stood there for a moment, trying to force herself to wake up faster. Then she grabbed her robe, shrugged into it, and padded back out into the corridor to find the two of them still furiously chatting. ‘What's going on?’ she eventually interrupted.
‘Warrior Woman Henrietta Gosling,’ the new man nodded low to her. 
She couldn't help but offer the same nod in return.
‘I usually just call her Warrior Woman Henrietta, actually,’ Brick pointed out easily.
‘Really? Do you find shortening it makes it easier to command her in battle?’ The other man suddenly looked interested.
Henrietta cleared her throat. She knew exactly what would happen if she let these two get deep into conversation: they would never answer her question, and they would start talking about the strangest of things. It would probably only take a minute or two until they started discussing heels or the length of skirts. ‘What's going on? Who are you?’
‘Henrietta,’ Brick turned to her and gestured towards the man, ‘this is Warrior Monk Spanner.’
Henrietta had opened her mouth, ready to say hello, but she faulted on the word spanner.
‘It is a pleasure to meet you,’ Spanner nodded low again.
Really, Spanner? This man's name was Spanner? If Brick wasn't called, well, Brick, then Henrietta would probably chuckle. But considering what was going on right now, she didn't have the time. ‘Hello, Spanner, but seriously, guys, what is going on?’
Spanner gave a nervous glance her way. ‘I can see you are eager to acquire information so you can go into battle and save humanity from the witches.’
‘Something like that,’ Henrietta conceded. Now she was fully awake, and now the memory of last night was sharp in her mind. The Witch King. The masquerade. ‘Do you know what's happening yet?’
Spanner tugged down on his leather jacket, then pressed a hand into his pocket and pulled out a poster. It was rolled up, and it was quite large, easily a meter in length. But once again, like everything that Brick pulled out of his pockets, it was in pristine condition and did not appear to be bent or scrunched in any way.
Spanner unrolled the poster.
Henrietta took one look at it, then she almost threw up.
Hellier. Witch King Hellier. It was the same intensely handsome face. The same look. And even though it sounded impossible, Henrietta could swear that it felt like the picture of him was looking at her with exactly the same interest that the real man had bestowed upon her that one night she had met him.
‘The information provided by the woman who often blows her gasket, Marcia Gosling, is correct. Witch King Hellier has organised a party. It is meant to be for charity,’ he added, making charity sound as sarcastic as he could.
‘But . . . ’ Henrietta was about to ask how. How could a Witch King organise a ball of all things. Then she remembered. Unlike the other witches, who stayed to the shadows and enjoyed their anonymity from the rest of humanity, the kings and queens of the witches were different. This was simply the first time she had actually experienced that notion.
She looked at Brick expectantly, wanting him to say that it was all a mistake, that Hellier couldn't possibly be organising a freaking masquerade, but Brick just shook his head and grabbed the poster off Spanner.
‘Though I have no evidence, I would wager that this so-called charity ball, will not, in fact, raise funds for charity,’ Brick said, his tone grave.
Of course it wouldn't raise money for charity; a bloody witch king was involved. But just what exactly would it do? As a horrible shudder passed over her back, Henrietta forced her gaze off the poster. ‘What is he going to do? Why would he do something like this?’
‘It depends,’ Spanner shrugged his shoulders. ‘He could be planning on trapping everybody in the room and burning the place down with a fire spell.’
‘He could order up a tornado, and rip the building down,’ Brick suggested as he scratched at his neck.
Spanner clicked his fingers. ‘He could cast an earthquake spell whilst the party was in full swing.’
Brick nodded. ‘He could cast a hole, and swallow the building up with everyone inside.’
Henrietta stared at them in horror. The both of them just looked like two lads engaged in a thought experiment. ‘Are you serious? Is that what he is going to do? Oh my god, we have to put a stop to this! And how can the both of you be standing there and suggesting these things so easily? This is horrible.’
Brick now turned to her, and he got that expression on his face he always did when he felt like he had something to teach her. ‘These are possibilities, admittedly, but they are unlikely. It is my belief that either Witch King Hellier is attempting to solidify his social status in the town, or he is attempting to bring you out of the shadows.’
Henrietta slowly turned her lips in and pressed her teeth against them hard. ‘Bring me out of the shadows?’
Brick kept his gaze on her as he nodded. ‘The Witch King is unlikely to go to all the effort of magically disappearing everyone at that ball; while he would likely consider it good fun, it would ultimately go against his ends. At this stage, he is attempting to gather power, he is sending his witches out at night to solidify his influence over the city. He would not go to the extreme of killing off all the city's politicians and elite; he would have uses for them yet. Until he is satisfied with his power, or somehow finds a way to increase his influence, Witch King Hellier will act, but he will do nothing so grandiose.’
Henrietta nodded, but it was an uneasy move. ‘So you think he is after me then?’
‘It is a possibility. But I feel the more likely possibility is that he is simply trying to mingle.’
It was an odd choice of words, and if it had been any other circumstance, Henrietta would have laughed at it. The mental image of a witch king mingling with a bunch of politicians over nibbles and wine was an almost comical one.
‘If Witch King Hellier manoeuvres himself into power within the town, he will be able to use his position to further his influence. There is word on the street that he is attempting to run for Mayor,’ Spanner pointed out, his voice grave.
Brick turned to him quickly, his eyes blazing. ‘No?’
Spanner nodded. ‘Several warrior monk brethren who work for the Council have confirmed this. It seems likely that this charity function has been organised to further that purpose.’
Though Spanner's admission calmed Henrietta down a bit, it also made her nervous, but in a different way. The prospect of Hellier organising a party just to get to her sent the tightest of fidgeting, frigid nerves shooting through her back. And the prospect of him running for mayor and actually getting elected made her throat dry and her hands wet with sweat.
‘Whatever his desire, I suggest we act in a way to upset his plans,’ Spanner said with a nod.
Brick reached out a hand and patted Spanner on the shoulder. ‘I agree, warrior monk brother.’
Henrietta looked at both of them for a moment, and then reached a hand up to her hatpin. She wore it all the time now, and when she was in bed, she held it in her hand. There wasn't a moment it was off her person. Which not only meant it wasn't off burning down the house, but also meant that she had it by her side in case she needed to transform in a jiffy.
Now she held it closely to her chest.
She had to stop him, the Witch King. And yes, even thinking about him still made her nervous and sick, still made her remember that horribly interested look he had given her when he had invited her to come back with him to where ever he came from.
‘What do we do?’ Henrietta pushed through her fear and pushed her words out at the same time.
‘This is obvious,’ Brick nodded his head low. ‘We go to the ball. We interrupt his plans. If he wishes to mingle and gain the respect of the other people of this town, we will cast aspersions against him and poison his punch.’
Henrietta screwed up her face at the suggestion to poison his punch, but she got the general gist. Brick was suggesting they head along to the party and do everything they could to upset Hellier's plans.
‘And if he is after me?’ she asked through a shaking voice.
‘Ah, we run,’ Brick noted with a shrug.
‘Fast,’ Spanner added.
‘In the opposite direction,’ Brick qualified.
Henrietta pressed her eyes closed and kept them shut for several seconds.
‘Unfortunately there seems to be no other way,’ Brick assured her. ‘We must go to that party, figure out what Hellier wants, and then we must react to it. Do not worry, Warrior Woman Henrietta, I will mobilise the warrior monk brethren in this town, and we will assist you.’
Henrietta opened one of her eyes to see Spanner snapping her a salute.
‘But if I go as a witch hunter, he is going to know, he is going to come after me,’ Henrietta swallowed.
‘It is time to teach you a new spell,’ Brick said, and his eyes sparkled.
Spanner began to chuckle, but he also nodded his head low, offering her another salute. ‘Warrior monk brother, Which Hunter,’ he nodded at them both in turn, ‘I must go back to my post. Text me if you need anything.’
Spanner backed off, offered another nod her way, and then disappeared, without ever using the door to leave the house.
Which just left her and Brick.
‘Brick . . . . I don't know if I can go to that party. What if he recognises me? I barely got away the last time I saw him.’
‘He will not recognise you, Henrietta, and you will not go dressed as a witch hunter,’ Brick’s eyes were sparkling again, and Henrietta had no idea what it meant.
‘What do you mean I won't go as a witch hunter? Then I won't have access to my magic.’
‘There is much you do not know, and many features of your magic you are yet to have learnt,’ Brick started to walk away from her, and as he did, he grabbed hold of her couch and gave it a good shove into the corner.
‘What are you doing with my furniture?’
‘Pushing it out of the way so you don't destroy it when you transform.’ He moved over to the curtains and tugged them shut, giving the street outside a wary look before he did.
‘What are you about to teach me, Brick?’ Henrietta's voice was uneasy.
‘Style,’ Brick answered, then he smiled, and quite unusually for the warrior monk, it was cheeky and fat.
Chapter Fourteen
It was a week until the masquerade. And it seemed as if the entire city was buzzing over it. Nearly everyone who came into Sizzle Cafe talked about it, and it was about the only topic that could stop them chatting about Stiletto Girl. Even Jimmy and Patrick had switched topics from Stiletto Girl’s nightly activities to the upcoming ball.
It sounded like nearly every single man in the city had asked Marcia to go to it with him, but as of yet, she hadn’t accepted anyone's invitation. Because every single night she would call Henrietta and ask her if she had made Brick agreed to go with Marcia yet. But Brick wasn’t going to go with Marcia, because Brick was going with Henrietta.
Though with every single day that passed, and the date of the masquerade neared, Henrietta felt steadily sicker, she wasn't going to get out of this. She had to go to the masquerade, because she had to find out what Hellier was up to.
She wasn't sleeping well. And no doubt when she finally got around to telling Marcia that Henrietta herself was going with Brick, Henrietta wouldn't get any sleep from now until the end of time. Marcia would scream at her from over the other side of the city and probably send angry texts at every wee hour of the morning.
‘I am telling you, I saw a woman disappear,’ one of the construction workers sitting on a stool in front of Henrietta's bench suddenly admitted to his friend.
Henrietta looked up sharply.
‘But the police said they couldn't find anything, there are no missing people, and nobody else saw it,’ his friend said.
The construction worker shook his head, and his dark, stubble-covered skin looked sickly and pale. ‘I know what I saw. She was just this little stick of a girl, wearing this torn and dirty dress. And I'm telling you, I saw her jump down that hole. Or maybe she fell, I don't know. But the point is, that hole has got to be 10 meters deep. She would have broken her neck.’
‘But nobody found anything, and nobody else saw anything either,’ the friend protested.
‘I know what I saw,’ the construction worker waved one of his hands in a straight line, eventually letting it bang onto the end of the bench lightly.
Henrietta had several coffees to make, but she wasn't moving. In fact, it took Maria to come over and snap at her before Henrietta finally pried herself away from the construction worker and his conversation.
A witch. It had to be a witch. In fact, now that Brick had set the other warrior monk brethren the task of finding out what was going on at the construction site, it seemed as if Henrietta's instinct had been confirmed.
It sounded as if there was a great deal of magic emanating from that site, and, what was more, Henrietta had been called to several witch sightings around that very area. Brick seemed to be convinced that the construction site must be sitting on top of a coven, but as of yet he hadn't let her go down to investigate it.
He was still protecting her, because, as he told her at nearly every single opportunity, she was still learning. She was still training. And, yes, of course, she still didn't have what it would take to defeat the Witch King. Which was a problem, considering she was meant to show up at his ball in a week’s time.
The rest of Henrietta's day was a tense one, and when she returned home to Brick that evening, she didn't get any reprieve. She didn't have time to have a shower, or a bath, or to conk out on the couch watching TV.
No, because Brick was teaching her about style.
And the man was adamant about it, fanatical even, to Brick, style sounded like it was almost as important as chicken.
Brick walked around her, prodding at the dress that had just magically appeared over Henrietta. ‘This will not do,’ he said with a disappointed sigh.
Henrietta looked down at the dress, and then she looked over at the mirror she had hauled in from the bathroom and had rested up against the couch.
To her mind, she looked incredible. The kind of incredible that you didn't see outside of cartoons. Even people in movies couldn’t look this good, because the way the lines of her dress and the colour and the form and everything worked together, just wasn't possible in the real world.
Neither was the fabric, for that matter, or the cut or the way it sat. It made her look like one of those perfect Disney princesses, or like someone from a drawing.
‘It looks gaudy,’ Brick pointed out again. Gaudy, apparently, was his favourite word. On several occasions she had pointed out to him that his leather jacket was hardly fantastic, but he had always offered her a nonplussed look. It seemed that Brick could shift easily from being completely uncaring to being fabulously disdainful, as if he was off some kind of reality TV fashion program.
‘Look, surely it will do?’ Henrietta said as she looked down at her dress, picking up a handful of the skirt and letting it flop back down.
Because it really was incredible. She was in a ball gown, a perfect ball gown. It had layers and layers of the softest silk that somehow sparkled and glittered. And the bodice and top sat so perfectly, and gave her such an incredible figure, that Henrietta could hardly recognise herself. Her hair was also done up into the most stylish of dos, and fixed in place with a gold and diamond clip. She had perfect little white heels on her feet, and to top it all off, she wore a very detailed white mask.
But Brick was not impressed. He crossed his arms and shook his head. ‘A witch hunter’s appearance is her most important asset.’ He paused for a moment. ‘Other than her wand . . . and her magic . . . and her ability to run . . . and her battle instinct.’
Henrietta rolled her eyes. ‘I get it. But honestly, this seems fine.’ She looked at herself in the mirror again. She hadn’t been lying when she’d said she could hardly recognise herself. And that was the point. This was a disguise, after all.
Just after Henrietta had found out about the masquerade, Brick had taken her away and taught her a new spell. After she had transformed into a witch hunter, she had written the word ‘disguise’ in the air with her wand. At first, she had twisted around in the air, as a strange symbol had appeared at her feet, and then she had fallen on her feet, dressed in one of those ghillie suits that they use in the army when they are trying to hide in long grass.
It had taken Henrietta quite a few tries to even begin getting a hold of the spell. In fact, every single time she had returned home from work, and before she would go out to hunt the witches, Brick would make her practice the spell.
It wasn’t like most of the other spells she cast. Whenever she wrote wall or ice or tornado in the air, all she had to do was pay attention to where she directed them. Disguise was different. She had to try and concentrate very hard on a costume in her mind, and that very costume would soon appear around her form.
Brick, apparently, didn't like her efforts.
‘You need to be wearing something that will catch everyone's attention,’ he told her for about the 10th time, ‘including Hellier's. You need to get as close to him as you can, so we can find out what he is doing and we can thwart him.’
Henrietta always felt uneasy when Brick would go over that part of the plan. While she was standing in her lounge room flouncing about in her ball gown, she could pretend that it was all a bit of fun. But in six days, she would be attending a masquerade, trotting up the steps of the City Hall, and attempting to mingle with the Witch King.
Brick had assured her that if the spell worked, the Witch King would have no idea she was a witch hunter. The disguise spell would hide her magic completely. It would even disguise her wand, changing it into a ring or a bracelet or a fan. But if needs be, she could grab at it in an instant, write in the air, and the disguise would fall, and her ordinary witch hunter costume and magic would return to her.
Henrietta hated this plan, she really did; there were so many ways it could go wrong.
‘I have discovered from my warrior monk brethren that Hellier is fond of the colour black and he prefers heavier make-up,’ Brick nodded at her face.
Brick had already told her that several times, but each time she had refused to disguise herself in layers of black silk and mascara.
She looked back at her reflection in the mirror.
Henrietta hadn't been much of a girly girl; Marcia had already beaten her to it. By the time Henrietta had grown old enough to discover make-up and boys, Marcia had cornered that market entirely.
But still, Henrietta had grown up with dreams, little fantasies that were left over from her childhood. And yes, dressing up in an incredible white ball gown was kind of one of them.
Okay, she was an adult now, and she wasn't a little kid any more, but the prospect of dressing up like a Disney Princess still excited her. And the fact she could now make that fantasy a reality with her magic wand . . . it was too hard to pass up.
‘I'm sure I will catch his attention in this dress,’ Henrietta said as she did a little twirl on the spot, her dress flying out as she did. There were so many layers that it sat perfectly over her hips and spread out just like a princess’ dress should. It was exactly the right colour too. Such a soft white, and there was delicate beading up and down the folds of her skirt, and just the prettiest lace poking out from underneath.
As for the make-up, it was subtle; it made her eyes sparkle and her lips wet enough to kiss. But it didn't make her look like she had been attacked by a stick of eye-liner.
Brick took a heavy sigh. ‘It seems impossible to teach you style, Warrior Woman Henrietta,’ he sighed again. ‘Obviously you have too much of a mind for battle, and cannot concentrate when it comes to fashion.’
Henrietta looked at him askance. He really did like his clothes and shoes, didn't he? And over the past week Henrietta had met more warrior monks, and it seemed the lot of them were far too interested in style. They all had their views on high heels and skirts, and every single time Brick brought them around for dinner, each one of them commented on her bathrobe or her track pants or her hair.
She had tried to ask Brick directly why he was so damn interested in clothes, and his reaction was always the same. Clothes, when it came to battle, were paramount. They allowed for freedom of movement, for protection. But if you chose them incorrectly, if you wore the wrong set of shorts or shoes to the witch fight, then that could lose you the battle. Apparently style was a foundational unit in every warrior monk’s course in understanding war.
Henrietta had to admit even though Brick occasionally reminded her of some fashion designer, outraged at her choice of clothing, his countenance wasn't exactly the same. There was a very strict edge to what he was saying, and he always backed up his statements with comments like 'you won't be able to run in that very easily,’ or, ‘if we make those heels a bit taller, your feet won't get wet when sprinting through puddles produced by water witches.’
‘For tonight, this will do. But tomorrow you must attempt to disguise yourself in something more appropriate,’ with that Brick backed off, grabbed the mirror from the couch, and returned it to the bathroom.
Henrietta let out a heavy sigh, and she looked longingly down at her dress for several more moments until she transformed out of it.
Then the two of them did what Henrietta and Brick did every night; they went to hunt the witches.
Chapter Fifteen
It was now the day before the ball, and Henrietta was going mad. She'd already dropped two glasses, broken plate, and when she had handed the Fire Chief his coffee, her hands had shaken so badly that she had tipped it over his sleeve.
She was a mess, a complete mess.
‘Henni, Henni,’ someone said from her side.
It took her a while to look over.
She had walked over to the tables by the window to clean them off, but just after she'd wiped them down, she'd straightened up, her gaze locking on one of the shops over the street as her mind went blank.
‘Henni,’ someone placed a hand on her arm.
She shuddered. Turning around, blinking quickly as she looked up into Patrick Black's face.
‘You okay?’ He looked concerned.
She stuttered out a yes.
‘Well then, are you going to answer my question?’
She blinked back at him. ‘Sorry?’
‘Wow, you really are out of it today. Why don't you ask Maria for some time off?’
‘I'm okay,’ she tried to reassure him.
He nodded his head, and then, uncharacteristically for the usually suave and dignified policeman, he looked momentarily uncomfortable. He cleared his throat, giving a short cough at the end. ‘So? Are you going to this party? The masquerade? The one tomorrow night?’
Henrietta winced at the mere mention of it.
‘Oh, sorry, of course, it's not your thing, is it?’ Patrick was speaking quickly, something he never usually did. ‘Never mind then.’
‘Okay . . . ’ Henrietta stopped. Because Patrick was trying to ask her something, wasn't he?
Even though her mind was stuffed full of fear at the prospect of the masquerade tomorrow night, a quick pinch of nerves got her attention. Was Patrick Black about to ask her to the masquerade? Her, Henrietta Gosling, awkward and ungainly sister of the hottest woman in town?
While certain men did need to get Marcia's attention by pretending to be interested in Henrietta first, Patrick was not one of them.
‘What were you going to ask me?’ Henrietta clutched onto the rag she had used to clean the table tighter.
Patrick smiled at her, and by George did it send tingles through Henrietta's stomach. ‘It's okay, Henni, it's nothing. Have a good weekend,’ and with that he backed off, nodded at her, and walked out the door.
Henrietta watched him go.
Patrick Black was not in her league. Not in any way. But he had just been about to ask her to the ball, hadn't he?
Henrietta took a step to the side and craned her neck to watch Patrick as he walked along the street outside. With every step he took away from her, her cheeks reddened.
No way, she thought to herself, he must have been about to ask me something else.
Henrietta only tore herself away from the window when Patrick was well and truly out of sight.
Then she got back to work, and she no longer stumbled over everything in her path, and neither did she spill coffee over the customers as her hands shook.
Though her mind should have been filled with the horrible prospect of what was awaiting her tomorrow night, Patrick Black had distracted her.
In fact, she found herself staring off into the distance wandering about him so much that she didn't hear several customers when they asked for coffee and a slice of cake.
‘Henrietta, Henrietta,’ someone leaned forward and waved a hand in front of her face.
It was Jimmy.
Henrietta blinked at him. ‘Jimmy.’
‘Well, you look like you are off with the fairies. You had a hard night?’
Henrietta shook her head. And Jimmy laughed. ‘Sorry, I forgot who I was talking to. Your sister likes a drop now and then, but you don't touch the stuff, do you?’
Henrietta smiled at him. ‘I've never really developed a liking to alcohol, no.’
Jimmy nodded, and just for a moment he looked uncomfortable. Which was bizarre, because nothing made Mr December uncomfortable. A raging forest fire? He was fine. Night shift for a week? Didn't bother him. A full day of bench presses and training in the gym? He would lap it up. But right now Mr December looked awkward.
It got Henrietta's attention.
‘You know, it's a funny thing, but . . . ’ he trailed off.
‘What?’ She smiled at him encouragingly.
He took a swallow and leaned in, tapping his hand on the bench. ‘I suppose you already have plans for tomorrow night, right? I suppose like everybody else in the city, you are going to that ball, or whatever it is.’
Henrietta stopped what she was doing immediately.
He wasn't, was he? Was Mr December asking her out?
The Mr December. Jimmy Field? One of the only men in the entire city who Marcia Gosling truly fancied?
‘Look, you probably are, forget I asked,’ he stopped tapping his hand and straightened up.
‘No, no, no,’ Henrietta stuttered, but then she stopped. Because she was going to the ball. Except she wasn't technically going in person, if that made any sense. She was going in disguise.
Jimmy returned his attention to her, and he looked expectant. In fact, his exact expression sent all sorts of wriggling sensations through her stomach, and they made Henrietta grin for some reason.
‘Well . . . ’ she tried to think very quickly.
‘It doesn't matter, everyone is going to the ball, forget I asked. Have fun,’ Jimmy gave her a short but fabulously attractive wave, and then walked off.
She was flabbergasted, gob smacked. In the space of an hour, the city's two most eligible bachelors had almost asked her out. Almost being the operative word. Because neither of them had ever actually asked her directly. All she could do was infer what they had intended.
There was always the possibility that Patrick had asked her what she was doing tomorrow night as a lead-in to talk about her sister, just as Jimmy may have only asked her whether she was going to the ball so he could figure out whether Marcia was going too.
Still. Still it gave Henrietta pause for thought.
She was unlucky, fabulously unlucky when it came to love. But could her luck be changing?
That slim little hope was all that got Henrietta through the day and the night. 
But when she woke up the following morning, nothing could shift her mood. Because it was the day of the masquerade. By that night she would be trotting up the steps of City Hall, and she would have to face Theodore Hellier, Witch King and potential mayoral candidate.
Chapter Sixteen
On Saturday morning, Henrietta stayed in bed. In fact, she stayed there with the covers pulled tightly over her head and the pillow held close to her face until mid-afternoon. And she never stayed in bed that late. But today was going to be an unusual day, a day out of the ordinary, a day that she would remember, if she lived to see another.
When she finally moped out into the kitchen, it was going on two o'clock, and Brick was sitting at the kitchen table. He offered her a very stern glance, and looked like he wanted to waggle a finger her way.
‘I assume that you have spent all morning and most of the afternoon in bed going over your battle plan and strategy? Yes?’
Henrietta ignored him, slouched over to the fridge, opened it, and hung over the door.
She was ravenously hungry, but the thought of food made her feel sick. In fact, the thought of anything other than going straight back to bed made her feel sick.
‘Come on, it won’t be that bad. You will be in disguise, and as I have told you—’
‘There will be no chance of the Witch King seeing through it,’ Henrietta replied as she pressed her fingers over her eyes and let them slide down her nose and cheeks. She eventually closed the fridge and leaned her back against it. ‘But what if you are wrong, Brick? What if tonight goes pear shaped?’
‘Tonight is unlikely to end up shaped like a pair. If things are to go wrong, they are likely to explode, not assume the shape of fruit,’ Brick pointed out matter-of-factly.
She really wanted to hit him, but instead she got herself a glass of water and sipped at it tentatively.
‘You have not yet come upon the perfect disguise. You really must wear something black, and with more make-up, and perhaps attempt for a whiter effect on your cheeks, neck, and arms,’ he pointed out with a nod, patting his cheeks as he did.
She just glowered at him, finished off her water, and dumped the glass in the sink.
Even though Brick had turned out to be useful, and was incredibly handy in a fight, sometimes she found herself wishing for anyone else but him. Right now she needed to confide in someone, hopefully someone sane, someone who wasn't so fixated on high heels, who didn't swan around in leather, and who didn't boss her about so much. Someone like Jimmy Field or Patrick Black. Right now she could certainly snuggle into a pair of rugged and strong arms and confess her sorrows to a handsome man.
But fat chance of that happening. Henrietta had to go this alone. She was the last witch hunter in existence, and the only person she could confess that fact to was Brick, and maybe the rest of his crazy warrior monk brethren. But there was no support to be had there.
‘I'm going to have a bath,’ Henrietta decided, and she headed out of the kitchen before Brick could protest.
‘Afterwards you will have to come up with the perfect disguise,’ he called after her.
She just flopped a hand at him and kept on walking.
As she ran herself a bath, Henrietta played with her hatpin. She twisted it around in her fingers, staring at the unassuming bauble at the top. The pin really was plain and simple. It looked like nothing, and yet it could do everything.
Such power, such potential. And Henrietta was really only brushing the surface. There were still so many spells to learn, and so much to achieve.
If she made it through tonight.
She hung her head again and gave a good moan that echoed around the bathroom.
She was trying to tell herself that it would be okay. That if Brick thought it was a good idea, then it had to be. If he thought it wouldn't be a risk going to the masquerade dressed in disguise, then surely that would be the truth. Brick had been the one to save her from the Witch King, and he was the one who kept on telling her she wasn't strong enough to fight him. So if he thought there was little risk in attending the party tonight, then shouldn't she trust him?
The answer was yes, but it left something out. What if Henrietta made a mistake? What if she fell over, tripped over her words, and accidentally admitted to who she was? What if she, in usual fashion, completely stuffed up everything? When Brick had told her it would be safe to go to the party tonight, maybe he hadn't taken into account who she was? Maybe Brick, warrior monk, didn't realise how incapable Henrietta Gosling could be.
Henrietta shut off the taps and stepped into the bath, taking her time, waiting for her skin to adjust to the hot water.
Then she flopped down and sighed as the steam rose up and played against her hair.
‘You can do this,’ she tried to reassure herself. ‘In the last couple of months you have changed.’
She listened to her own voice, even felt the vibrations of it through her chest. But it would take her a lot more to believe her words.
‘You are a bloody witch hunter, you have magic,’ she clamped her hand over her eyes. ‘You are never late for work any more, and you hardly ever drop anything these days. Plus, people seem to like you more, pay more attention to you,’ despite her mood, she couldn't help but smile. Because she had two specific people in mind: Patrick Black and Jimmy Field.
The thought of the affections of those two men was not enough to cut through her emotions though.
‘If anything happens, Brick will be there, so will a couple of other warrior monks. You will be fine,’ she kept on talking to herself, but still, she couldn't believe what she was saying. She couldn't let it sink in and lift her mood.
Because there was something else. Something she wasn't telling Brick, something she was hardly admitting to herself.
Hellier. The Witch King, when he had looked at her that fateful night on the barge . . . Henrietta had felt something. It had almost, almost felt like belonging.
Henrietta suddenly sunk down further into the hot water, until only her lips and eyes and nose were free from it.
‘Don't think about that,’ she commanded herself. ‘It's nothing.’
She repeated those words over and over in her head, but it didn't change the tight feeling in her stomach.
It was the way he had looked at her, that intense interest. No one had ever looked at her like that, and plus, it had obviously promised something.
‘Something horrible,’ Henrietta said out loud, trying to derail her thoughts.
Henrietta moped around in the bath for several hours, and it wasn't until Brick knocked on the door, and then jolly well transported through it, that she finally jumped out.
As Brick looked down at her, he looked completely unmoved by her nakedness. And, in fact, just shrugged his shoulders when she shrieked at him not to look.
‘If you are ashamed of your body, cover it up with a towel,’ he suggested.
She shrieked at him louder and threw the soap right at his head.
He shifted to the side with his by now familiar reflexes, and the soap thumped into the door, falling to the floor with a wet thud.
She quickly shooed him out, then dressed. And when she came out to find him in the lounge room, she was sure to fix him with a death glare. ‘How many times have I told you not to walk in on me in the bath, or the shower, or when I'm getting dressed?’
Brick looked thoughtful. ‘Approximately 14 times.’
She screwed up her hands and gave him a stiff, warning smile. ‘Brick,’ her voice was pregnant with warning.
In usual Brick fashion, he looked completely uncaring. ‘It is time to get ready,’ he pointed dramatically at the clock on the DVD player. ‘It is now 4:45, and the function officially begins at seven, though the doors will be open at 6:15. I suggest we get there early, so that we can look around.’
Henrietta groaned. Though she had been putting it off, the party was finally getting closer. There would be no running now, would there?
She would just have to go through with the plan . . . and see what would happen.
‘You look peaky, as if you are preparing to evacuate your stomach,’ he pointed out.
What a thoroughly distasteful way to explain it. But Brick was right; she did feel thoroughly nervous. And it was a quick, flighty nervousness that made her feel as if she had accidentally cast a float spell right into her belly.
‘Tell me, Warrior Woman Henrietta, what is it that you worry over?’
Everything. Every bloody aspect of this plan. But more than anything . . . she was worried about that feeling in her stomach. The feeling she had gotten when Hellier had looked her way.
Henrietta pushed the thought from her mind and took several steps back from Brick.
‘We have gone over the plan several times, and I am sure it will suffice. I myself will be there, as well as several other warrior monk brethren in disguise.’
She looked up sharply. ‘That's another thing I've been thinking about, you aren’t going to wear your leather jacket, are you?’
‘Are you suggesting there is something wrong with my usual attire? I think you will find leather is a very sturdy material and helps one to protect their skin should they be pushed to the ground or need to quickly roll out of the way of a fireball,’ Brick said with a quick snap to his words.
Henrietta shook her head. ‘That's not what I mean, well, actually, your jacket is hideous, but that isn't what I'm saying. People know you now, and if I walk in the door with you wearing that jacket, aren’t they going to figure out that it is me? Henrietta? If my sister sees you, she is just going to put two and two together, look through my disguise, and realise who I am.’
‘I see your battle brain has been active. Well done, Warrior Woman. You make a good point, but it is a point I myself have already realised. This is why I called your sister this morning.’
Henrietta felt like putting a finger in her ears and cleaning them out. ‘Sorry?’
‘I will be attending this ball with Marcia Gosling, not you, Warrior Woman Henrietta. I will also not wear my trusty leather jacket,’ Brick blinked quickly, and he almost looked emotional, ‘but I will wear a tuxedo with a mask,’ he brought a finger up as he noted that point.
‘Marcia? You're going with Marcia?’ For a second Henrietta’s nausea lifted, but it was replaced with a completely unpleasant but all too familiar feeling. Jealousy. Every single time Henrietta got a new male friend, Marcia would jump on him and ruin it.
‘Yes, it appears that your sister seems to be very keen to accompany me to this ball.’
Brick did not look as if he was gawking on the inside, all too ready to crack into a schoolboy grin. He looked just as even and nonplussed as he always did, unless he was discussing style and high heels that wars.
Henrietta had no feelings for Brick, no romantic feelings anyway. He was such a strange mix that there would be no way she could ever consider him in that fashion. But almost, very almost, he was becoming her friend. And she had to admit that without him, she would be lost when it came to witch hunting. So the idea that Marcia was about to get her hands on him still hurt, it still sent niggling feelings of jealousy plucking at her.
‘Warrior Woman Henrietta, you do not seem to be a fan of this plan.’
Henrietta turned away. ‘Look, it's fine, just . . . .’
‘I will do nothing to make Marcia Gosling blow a gasket,’ Brick assured her with a determined nod.
Henrietta sighed. ‘So does this mean I have to go on my own?’
‘I will travel with you to the event, but I will not walk up the steps with you, and I will not stay by your side at the party. But I will always be close. To maximise our chance of having Hellier notice you, it would be best if I was not by your side,’ Brick tugged down on his jacket, and for a moment it looked as if he thought the distraction of his own style would be too much for the Witch King, and would rob Henrietta of his admiration.
Alone. She would be at that party alone.
For all she knew, she would never see Hellier, and he would never look her way. But just the thought of him rekindled that feeling in her, and she reacted to it with immediate disgust.
‘Several of my warrior monk brethren will be among the guests, and you will always have someone close by your side. Plus, should matters dictate, take up your wand and write the word ‘flee’ in the air.’
Henrietta looked at him sharply. ‘What? You have never told me that before.’
‘I do so now to reassure you. Though I am sure it will not come to it, if you feel the need to run, use your wand to cast the flee spell.’
‘What will happen?’ Henrietta clutched at her hatpin.
‘You will run, Warrior Princess Henrietta, faster than any human, faster than any animal, you will run like the wind, even in heels,’ he had to add at the end.
‘Won’t people see me?’ Henrietta was breathing heavily.
‘Perhaps, but if you feel the need to use that spell, you must use it. Even the Witch King will have trouble keeping up. Plus, we must remember that the aim of this party is most likely to secure his position as candidate for Mayor. He will not risk displaying his own magic. He is not yet that powerful, and his hold on the city certainly is not that strong. He will not risk anything tonight,’ Brick assured her for about the millionth time.
Henrietta nodded her head and twisted her hatpin around in her fingers. She looked at it for a moment. Flee. She had never heard of that spell, but it sounded as if it could work. All she would have to do is clutch hold of her hatpin, write it in the air, and then the spell would be cast. Although, considering her hatpin would be in disguise at the party too, she would have to write with her fan.
Because she would be taking a fan, and she certainly would be wearing a beautiful white princess dress, despite what Brick kept on telling her. It just felt right to Henrietta. Going to a masquerade dressed in layers of black silk that hung off her like wisps of air from a grave, with her face decked out in more black eye-liner. and mascara than a small country could afford, didn't feel right to Henrietta. But the dress, that incredible white beaded number, that felt perfect. And she had already decided that she would transform her hatpin into a little fan that would be tied around her wrist. That way she would never lose hold of it, and would easily be able to grab it up if she should find herself in trouble.
Eventually Henrietta walked into the kitchen, though she still couldn't face the prospect of food, even though Brick thought that was the craziest thing he’d ever heard, and kept on trying to force a chicken wing in her mouth.
Henrietta resisted, and time moved on. Soon she was standing back in the lounge room with Brick, and he was encouraging her to transform. He had already changed clothes, and true to his word, he had taken off his leather jacket and was now dressed in a suit.
Brick, the crazy warrior monk, actually looked handsome. The cut of his suit, the shine of his shoes, and the way his cuff links sat next to his wrists—he looked incredibly stylish. And in control too; he had the kind of countenance and ease of expression that oozed charm. Except the only problem was, Henrietta knew Brick, and Brick had exactly zero charm. Still, he did look the part. And Henrietta just knew that Marcia was going to go gaga over him.
‘You must now transform or we will be late,’ Brick nodded at her, fixing his cuff links as he did.
Once more Henrietta told herself that she could do this, and once more she chased away that feeling. The one that had taken up root somewhere in her stomach, the one she was trying to deny like crazy.
She brought up her hatpin, and she transformed into a witch hunter.
After the magic had taken hold, and her hatpin had changed into her wand, Henrietta wrote the words ‘disguise me’, and within seconds the spell had taken effect. In a puff of white light, shooting sparks that looked like stars, and crackles of energy that suspiciously took on the form of butterflies, Henrietta Gosling changed from a witch hunter into what was ostensibly a princess.
In a second her feet touched back down on the ground, her perfect white heels tapping against the carpet and the floorboards underneath. She patted down on her dress, and couldn't help but smile, and as she did the wand in her hand transformed in its own rush of sparks, until it was a beautiful silk fan tied around her wrist in ribbon.
Brick had brought out the mirror again, and she turned to it, staring at her reflection.
Henrietta looked right now just exactly how she’d dreamed and fantasised of looking when she’d been a child. The dress, the hair, the mask, it was perfect. It was out of her own fairytale, it was out of a movie, it was something that couldn't really exist.
‘Come along,’ Brick held out his arm to her. ‘It's time to take the witch hunter to the ball.’
Despite her feelings, Henrietta cracked a smile.
Because even though she looked like a princess on the outside, underneath she was still a witch hunter. Even if the fear had caught hold of her for the better part of the past two weeks, she had to remember that fact. She was no ordinary Henrietta Gosling any more; she was a warrior woman, as Brick always pointed out to her. And surely a warrior woman could handle a ball.
Chapter Seventeen
Brick left Henrietta close to the City Hall, and Henrietta walked the last block on her own.
She was no stranger to walking around the city in a costume these days, but still, she couldn't help but note the glances she got from passers-by.
They looked flabbergasted, and if they were men, they almost blushed too.
Eventually Henrietta made it to City Hall, and then she walked up the steps, her heels clicking against the stone. Several people were standing around, milling about before they went into the party, and every single one of them turned to watch her.
Henrietta even recognised some of them. One or two were friends of Marcia’s, a couple were politicians, and one woman Henrietta could swear was the anchor for the local news. They were all staring at Henrietta, and not in a bad way. Not in the way that ordinary Henrietta had grown to get used to. The way that suggested to Henrietta she was some kind of freak, some kind of pathetically unlucky soul who couldn't walk down the street without toppling over a trash-can.
No, they looked amazed, astounded.
Henrietta felt like opening her fan, bringing it up to her face, and quickly blushing behind it. But instead she crested the steps and walked into City Hall.
It was a large building and had three floors. The main ball, or the ball for the plebs as Marcia had put it, was to be held on the bottom floor. The special guests who had been invited by Mr Hellier himself or who had paid a bucket load for tickets, would be able to mingle on the second floor. The third floor, as far as Henrietta knew, would not be used tonight.
Henrietta had tried to buy a ticket for the special function with Mr Hellier, but unfortunately they were sold out. Henrietta had found out about the ball late, after all, and according to Marcia, the special tickets had sold like hotcakes. Even one of Brick's warrior monk brethren hadn’t been able to secure her a ticket. But according to Brick, that wouldn’t be a problem. All Henrietta had to do was stick around downstairs until she got enough attention. Then, surely, she would be invited to the second floor to meet Hellier.
Henrietta had several misgivings about that plan, mostly because it sounded like it was out of a storybook. Real princesses, in fairy tales, might get away with turning up to the ball without a ticket, and just sitting in the corner looking pretty until the Prince noticed them. But that probably wasn't going to work here. Or at least Henrietta hoped it wouldn't. Because if it didn’t, then she would never have to stare at Hellier again, note his expression, see the interest and power widening his eyes . . . .
Henrietta shook her head quickly as that thought crossed through her mind. Then she brought out her ticket and handed it to the man standing just inside the large doors that led into City Hall.
He kept on looking at her as she handed him the ticket, and it seemed to take a great deal of effort on his behalf to tear his gaze of her outfit and onto the piece of paper in his hand. But eventually he mumbled an ‘okay’, and gestured to the hall with an arm.
Henrietta mumbled a ‘thank you’, then walked away.
Though the ball was not meant to start for another 40 minutes, the place was already packed. Unlike the guests on the steps outside, everyone here had already put their masks on, but still, Henrietta didn't have too much trouble recognising people. She saw a woman Marcia worked with, and then she saw the Fire Chief, then she even saw the old lady that lived down the street and kept on trying to get Henrietta to go to bingo.
While Henrietta recognised them, it didn't appear that anyone recognised her. No one came up and asked how Marcia was, and neither did they ask how Henrietta's parents were. They looked at her with wide, astounded expressions, but that was it. And as she walked past, they would always turn to talk amongst themselves in hushed whispers.
It suddenly dawned on Henrietta when she had walked all the way into the hall that she would likely be doing a lot of waiting tonight. Standing up in these heels, no doubt leaning against the wall like the world's most overdressed wallflower, and waiting, and waiting. But fortunately considering she had transformed, and she was technically a witch hunter under this disguise, she felt stronger, and she was a great deal steadier in her shoes. Still, it was going to be boring.
Or at least Henrietta thought it would be.
Usually when she went to parties she would quickly find herself pushed into the kitchen, or out onto the porch, or anywhere that was away from everybody else. Because more often than not, people would get bored of her conversation and run off to find her sister.
Today it was different. Today, Henrietta felt swamped.
First it was the waiter who offered her a drink and then hung about at her side telling her how fantastic her outfit was. Then one of Jimmy’s friends she recognised as Rodriguez, came up to her and complimented her on her hairpiece. Then it was the guy from the video store who grabbed another drink and offered it to her, despite the fact she had hardly touched her first one.
Henrietta had men all around her, and she could hardly move for compliments.
At one point, however, she did see briefly through the gap between the several fireman and bank managers who were standing just to her left, and she caught glimpse of a very familiar face.
Brick. And on his arm was Marcia. Henrietta’s sister was hanging off Brick, practically leaning into him, depositing her bosom on his arm, and fixing him with the most seducing of looks.
Brick, however, hardly glanced at her. He did look at Henrietta though, and he offered her a quick nod.
It made Henrietta shudder with nerves.
Brick had assured her that if his plan did not succeed, and she was not mysteriously tapped on the shoulder and invited to join everyone else on the second floor, then he and his warrior monk brethren would intervene. Henrietta really didn't know what that would entail, and she kind of hoped that they would fail.
She kept glancing up to the ceiling above her, imagining who was up there, and, more importantly, him. The Witch King.
When the ball officially started at 6:45, it was to the sound of a town crier ringing a bell. The noise shifted through Henrietta and gave her the most flighty and sudden feeling. She clutched at her fan for a moment, and had to fight the desire to write the word flee in the air.
Something is going to happen tonight, her instinct seemed to tell her, and no matter how much she tried to rationalise it away, she could not win.
It wasn't until 7:05 that anything happened. Just as John Farley, a renowned architect, asked for her number, Henrietta got a tap on the shoulder. She practically stumbled over from surprise, her heart threatening to a stop right in her chest. She was that tense, that overcome. Her mind was just so wired on the fear she had been pumping through it all day long. But when she turned, it was not to meet his gaze. Rather it was to meet the gaze of the aptly named Spanner.
He was dressed in a black suit and had a badge that red security. He winked at her knowingly and shifted his head towards the ceiling. ‘If you will accompany me, madam, there is somebody who would like to meet you.’
Henrietta followed Spanner as he led the way through the crowd, and she clutched at her skirts so they did not get caught up in her heels.
She clutched harder and harder the closer they neared the stairs, and as they finally climbed them, Henrietta's hands actually began to shake.
At the top of the stairs were several security guards, standing with their hands held in front of them, their eyes darting around the room and over the stairs, no doubt looking for hopeful strugglers who wanted to race up to the second floor uninvited.
They however did not stop Spanner and Henrietta, but moved to the side as they neared.
Spanner led Henrietta down the hall, and paused just outside of the function room. He turned to her. ‘It was almost impossible to get you in, I had to pose as a security guard,’ he noted conspiratorially, patting down on his jacket as he did. ‘But it has worked; you are here finally.’
Henrietta looked at the closed doors in front of her. They were large, and even though doors usually didn't bother her, she suddenly got the impression they were like the gates to Hell.
She clutched at her stomach now, flattening her hands over the tight fabric of her bodice.
‘You mean, nobody is expecting me? I don't have a real invite?’
Spanner shook his head. ‘Hopefully no one will notice. I've got you this far, and I doubt the people in there know who is on the invite list. There are only guests inside; us security guards are expected to stop anyone else from entering.’
Henrietta nodded. ‘Okay,’ she said in a slight and shaky voice.
And then she couldn't hide from it any longer, because Spanner opened the door, and Henrietta Gosling walked into the function room.
Brick and Marcia had managed to get tickets to the special function, or at least Marcia had. Marcia had pulled strings that only she could pull, and had bought herself tickets after they had all been sold out. When Henrietta had begged her sister to try and grab another ticket for Henrietta, Marcia hadn't bothered. After all, why would Henrietta go to a bull, and why on earth would she want to pay the extra money to go upstairs to mingle with the city's finest? Henrietta had no business doing anything with the city's finest apart from serving them coffee. Okay, so Marcia would never be that harsh, but the sentiment was almost the same.
Yet Henrietta was now here, walking carefully into the room, trying to make herself as invisible as possible. She wanted to clutch at her fan and write the word invisible in the air, just to see what would happen.
But in her current outfit there would be no way that Henrietta could pass unnoticed.
She walked past Frank Apple, one of the city's richest investors, and the man actually stopped talking to the Mayor, just to ogle Henrietta's way. The same pattern was repeated the further Henrietta walked into the room. Though she held onto her fan as tightly as she could, and tried to walk as quietly as her heels would let her, it wouldn't work; people turned her away and they stared.
So of course it didn't take long for her to come to his attention, not long at all.
Henrietta had come to a rest on the other side of the room, next to the large and ornate windows that stared out onto the city. She had turned her back from the party, taking a much-needed moment to calm herself as she stared at the view.
That was when a hand had rested slightly on her shoulder, and a voice had puffed past her ear. ‘Do I know you?’
She turned on her heel. It was him. Witch King Hellier.
He was close to her, too close for personal space, and he took a moment to straighten up as he stepped back. He never took his eyes off her, and they continued to sparkle, that look of interest burning within.
Henrietta was frozen, and it took him to repeat his question before she stuttered out a ‘no’.
‘I must admit, I do not recognise you,’ he mumbled as he looked at her dress and mask. ‘I don't suppose it would be untoward to ask you to let me in on your secret?’
Henrietta’s breath froze in her chest, and her eyes widened so much she must have looked like a deer in the headlights. ‘What do you mean?’ her voice was a mumble, and it was so quiet that Hellier had to shift forward to pick it up.
‘Raise your mask,’ he nodded at it, ‘I know it is not customary at a masquerade to ask anyone, let alone a lady, to reveal their identity, but you intrigue me,’ he didn't seem to blink as he looked at her, and just reinforced that deep flicker of interest in his eyes.
Henrietta shook her head.
He gave a chuckle. ‘Of course, how rude of me. We are at a masquerade and it is customary to keep one's mask on for the entire night. Perhaps after you will reveal your identity to me.’
Henrietta’s gut twisted, and she clutched onto her fan until it almost felt like she would break it. ‘Why . . . why aren’t you wearing a mask?’ She kept on stumbling over her words.
He alone, apart from security guards, was walking around in full view with nothing to hide his identity. He had his suit on, with no jacket and no tie, and there wasn't a mask in sight.
He smiled. ‘Because I don't have to hide from anyone.’
It sounded like a double entendre. It sounded as if Hellier was hinting at something more. If he knew that Henrietta was a witch hunter, then telling her he had no one to hide from would be a bold and pointed statement. But he couldn't know, could he? Henrietta was just flustered, fearful, she was just making things up. There was no way Hellier could see through her disguise; Brick had assured her so many times that would be impossible.
But as the fear built within her, Henrietta felt suddenly unsteady on her heels, and she stumbled slightly to the side.
Immediately Hellier brought up a hand and latched it over her arm to steady her.
His grip was cold, his fingers icy as they pressed into her flesh, and yet, just as his hand lingered, it began to heat up.
She pulled herself free, mumbling a ‘thank you’.
Pull yourself together, pull yourself together, she begged herself over and over again. You are a warrior woman, act like one.
Henrietta rubbed her thumb and fingers over her fan, and then she forced herself to look at him. ‘I hear you are running for Mayor?’
‘Now who told you that? I have not formally announced my desire for candidacy yet,’ Hellier brought up a hand and ran it over his lips and chin.
He still looked intrigued, he still looked powerfully interested, and it still sent all kinds of tingles through Henrietta's middle.
‘I thought everyone knew?’ she added hastily.
When Brick and Spanner had told her, they hadn't bothered to mention that Hellier hadn’t announced his running yet. The fact seemed kind of important now.
‘I see, perhaps I am not as good at keeping a secret as you are,’ he stopped running his hand over his chin and let it rest gently at his side. He was still standing close to her, and Henrietta shifted her weight back until she was leaning away from him.
‘Sorry?’ A shot of nerves passed through her heart, making it speed up with a burst.
He couldn't know, could he? She desperately thought.
‘Your mask,’ he tapped at his face. ‘You still haven't taken it off, and though I am exceedingly good at recognising faces, I must admit, I have no idea who you are.’
Henrietta instinctively furled her fan and brought it up to her face. It was a very strange thing to do, but she couldn't stop herself from trying to hide behind it. In any other situation, it might have seemed coquettish, had Henrietta’s eyes not been pressed open with fear and surprise.
Hellier chuckled again. ‘You look flushed, why don't we walk out onto the patio?’ He gestured to the opened doors that led out onto the long patio that wrapped around the second floor of the building. ‘The night air will cool you down.’
No, I really don't want to go out there with him. Henrietta told herself. But you have to, she added. Because you have to find out as much about him as you can. Tonight will be wasted if you don't find out what he is up to and figure out a way to throw a spanner in his works, well, not Spanner himself, but anything that will disrupt Hellier's plans.
So even though a part of Henrietta screamed at her not to follow him onto the patio, she did it anyway.
The night air was cool, but that didn't stop the heat that rose through her.
Hellier led her out to the patio, then he leaned down along the long, carved-stone railing, turning towards the view for a moment before he turned back to her.
Henrietta had never been more thankful for her disguise than at that moment. And more than anything, it was the mask, protecting her eyebrows from view and stunting the emotional range of her expressions. Because if she wasn't wearing it, then Hellier would be able to see just how frightened Henrietta was.
‘Are you cool now?’ he asked as he tapped his hand directly on the railing.
Henrietta brought up her fan again, because she hadn't bothered to close it yet, and she began to wave it at her face. She wasn't trying to look coquettish, she was just trying to remind herself that in her hand was her magical wand, and if anything went wrong, she could write a spell in the air, and be done with this man.
But she had a job to do.
‘Why are you running for Mayor?’ Henrietta asked as she kept fanning her face.
Hellier cracked into a smile, and it was a slow move. ‘I suppose I shouldn't tell you, because I haven't even made my candidacy public yet, but you seem like the kind of girl who can hold a secret.’
There he went again, talking about secrets. And just as he mentioned the word, he narrowed his eyes, even flicked his gaze over her face.
He knows. Henrietta thought to herself as she fanned her face harder and harder.
‘I feel that I have a lot of skills that I could lend to the city,’ Hellier began to answer. ‘I have several organisational and structural ideas that I think the city planners would benefit from.’
‘Such as?’
‘Ah, I trust that if I tell you, you won't turn around and let the press know?’
Henrietta nodded, keeping her fan in front of her face as she took a hard swallow.
‘Very well, I have plans for the subway system. Our current infrastructure is inefficient, and if we opened up tunnels underneath North Square, and continued out into the outer city, we could alleviate peak hour traffic. And I assume I do not need to tell you that peak hour traffic is responsible for 10% of this city's carbon emissions. We are too reliant on cars, and in this day and age, that is a sin.’
He looked like he was serious. From his expression, to his countenance, to the way he said his words, there was no indication that underneath was a sodding Witch King whose only desire was to control and ultimately overcome humanity.
‘Subway?’ Henrietta asked, almost kicking herself that she couldn't think of something more intelligent to say. But in her current state repeating his words seemed to be the only thing possible.
Hellier nodded. ‘They have already begun work on extending a tunnel under North Square, and I must admit, I was the one who put forward the suggestion to the current Mayor. However, I believe that if I were elected to that role, there are many more projects I could achieve, and so much more I could do with this city.’
Henrietta was now fanning faster and faster, and if she kept on going, her wrist would probably seize up. But she couldn't help it; he had mentioned the subway, and more than that, he had mentioned the construction work going on at North Square. Brick was almost certain that there was a witch den underneath that area.
Could that be Hellier’s plan? If he were elected to Mayor, would he sink the city's budget into expanding the subway, but ultimately expanding the lair of his own witch coven too?
Before Henrietta could ask any more questions, Hellier nodded back to the room. ‘Have you cooled down yet?’
‘I guess.’
‘Then, my dear,’ he held out his arm, ‘we should return to the masquerade.’
Henrietta really, really didn't want to touch him, so she just brought down her fan, nodded at him politely, and walked through the door on her own.
His eyes sparkled as she passed him.
When they returned to the party, it was to a sight Henrietta had never seen outside of movies; a proper ballroom dance.
The band had started up, and the men and women of the city were all waltzing around with their masks on.
Don't do it, god, don't do it, she suddenly thought to herself. Because her battle instinct suddenly shouted in her ear that Mr Hellier was about to do one thing. Ask her to dance.
Henrietta had never been asked to dance; she was the permanent wallflower, after all. She really didn't want her first time to be with a bloody Witch King.
He leaned in, tapped her on the shoulder, and nodded towards the dance floor. ‘Care to dance?’
No, bloody no, she wanted to scream at him, but before she could, he actually reached down and grabbed up her hands.
Though she wanted to yank her hands free, she didn't want to make a scene, so somehow she found herself being pulled towards the centre of the dance floor. Then he held up one of her hands and brought his other hand around and rested it on her hip.
The move made her shiver.
She’d never forget that shiver.
They began to dance.
Except Henrietta had never danced in her life. She had two left feet, she was the kind of girl who would trip over something nearly every single day, so to her, dancing seemed like an impossibility.
Except today she was dancing. Or maybe he was dancing and she was following. But the point was, Henrietta was whirling and twisting around on the floor, completely and utterly unlike herself. Maybe it was the fact she was really a witch hunter underneath, and maybe the magic that kept her walking on her ridiculous heels also managed to make her dance.
He held her hand tightly, but the fingers that rested on her waist did so with a light touch.
It really felt like a scene from a movie. As they danced over the floor, the both of them agile and quick, all Henrietta could think was that she belonged in a book or fairytale. Where the ordinary girl would suddenly turn into a princess, and then find herself doing a fantastic waltz with the Prince at the ball, even though she had never taken a dancing lesson in her life.
And, just like in the movies, people began to step back, giving them more room, even standing to the site to watch them.
As they did, Hellier began to dance faster. He now twisted Henrietta around, her skirt flying out in a twist, then he pulled her back in, dipped her, and kept on moving across the floor with such grace and speed that at one point he even drew a round of applause.
Through it all, no matter how hard the manoeuvre looked, Hellier always kept his attention focused on her, that same slight smile on his lips.
Henrietta had never seen a smile like that, and it did all kinds of things to her stomach, things she really didn't want to admit to. Because Hellier was the Witch King.
It was close to when the song was about to finish, just after Hellier had turned Henrietta around, and just as he was moving in for a last dip, that he brought his face alongside hers and whispered something in her ear.
Just two words.
Witch hunter.
Henrietta lost her balance as the fear rushed through her. Her heels slipped against the floor, sending her tumbling over.
Her dress whirled around her, one of her shoes half slipped off her foot, and her hair came loose, bunching over her shoulder in a mess.
There was a general gasp from the audience.
Hellier leaned down to offer her a hand, but he didn't get there first.
No, someone darted out from the audience, offered her their arm, and had her on her feet in an instant.
Brick.
He had an alarmed look on his face, and quickly shifted to glance at Hellier.
Henrietta brought a hand up to her head, pushing the hair that had escaped from her bun across her shoulders, and trying to steady herself on Brick’s arm.
Brick surreptitiously covered his hand over his mouth. With his teeth still clenched and his lips hardly parting, he whispered a single word.
Run.
Even more fear shot through Henrietta at that, and once again she threatened to slip on her heels and tumble down to the floor.
But Brick strengthened her.
Then he repeated the word again.
Everyone was watching them, every single person in the room had turned their way.
Hellier was standing several steps away from Henrietta, and had his head held to the side, a curious look on his face as he surveyed Brick.
‘Thank you,’ Hellier said quickly. ‘Are you all right, my dear?’
Henrietta scrunched up her nose at his words. Brick just tightened his grip on her hand.
She had to run.
She had to flee.
Henrietta brought her hands around until she clasped them behind her back, then she held onto her fan with all her might. In the slightest of movements, she wrote the word ‘flee’ in the air with the tip of her silk fan.
There was a rustle of fabric from her skirt, as if a slight wind had just caught up around her heels. If there was any light, it was completely hidden by the folds of her fabric. But that did not stop the sensation.
Moments after she finished casting the spell, Henrietta's feet were suddenly seized with a frantic energy, the kind of feeling that told her she could run and run and run.
She took a careful step backwards, but it was jerked and quick.
‘I need to go to the bathroom . . . to freshen up,’ she added. She turned from Hellier.
She ran out of the room.
Not too fast, not with the speed of a sprinter, but fast enough that she got out of there within seconds.
Then Henrietta ran through the corridor, she ignored the security at one end, dashed right past them, down the stairs, through the rest of the party, and finally out of the front doors of City Hall. Then she sped down the steps and shot through the streets at a frantic pace.
Henrietta Gosling fled.
Every second as she ran, a single thought occupied her mind. The exact expression on Hellier's face as he’d mumbled those two words in her ear. Witch hunter.
Chapter Eighteen
Henrietta did not get far. Even though she had cast the flee spell, and even though it enabled her to run with frantic speed through the city streets, it did not take her long to realise that someone was following her.
At first she heard something that sounded like rain, and then waves almost, and then, from behind, a jet of water shot out from somewhere and slammed right into her back.
By now Henrietta had reached the industrial section of town, and just as the shot of water slammed into her back, pushing her forward and onto the ground, she tumbled to a halt right in front of a scrap metal dealership.
It had high fences, and the yard was packed with old sheets of metal and junk.
Though she had slammed to the ground with a great deal of force, and though she was wearing the most ridiculous of dresses, Henrietta quickly rolled over and pushed herself up to her feet. She turned just in time to see another jet of water shoot towards her.
She dodged to the side, her incredible skirt snagging against some exposed wire of the fence, and ripping loudly.
Henrietta did not have any time to swear. Just across the street from her was a bloody water which.
It wasn't just any water witch either; it was the same one she had faced at the docks, the very night she had first met Hellier.
That night the Witch King had saved that water witch, preventing Henrietta from banishing her.
And now the water witch was back for a round two.
She was wearing a black lacy dress, high heels, and her black hair had an indigo tinge to it, and seemed to hang around her face like wet sheets.
The witch opened her mouth and let out a horrible hissing sound. ‘His Highness wishes to see you,’ she said.
It was the first time Henrietta had heard one of the witches speak, and it was a truly horrible sound. It felt like someone was sticking pins in her spine, and Henrietta gave a violent shudder.
It was also the words that made her shudder too.
‘You interrupted his party, he wants to see you,’ the witch repeated, ‘he wants me to bring you back, you left early.’
Henrietta bared her teeth, clutched her hands into fists, and ground her heels into the dust to steadier herself. 
She forced her fan forward and wrote the words ‘witch hunter’ in the air.
She transformed quickly.
The witch watched her as she did, but the creature did bring up an arm to protect her eyes, as if the light of Henrietta's transformation was painful somehow.
When Henrietta was finished, and her heels clicked down on the dust-covered pavement, the witch gave another hiss. ‘He wants to see you; he isn't done with you yet,’ the witch added.
Henrietta was back to being a witch hunter. Gone was that incredible white princess dress, and the skirt, heels, and long jacket were back.
Henrietta couldn't deny that they made her feel powerful. All that mess of emotions that had overcome her, all that nervousness, all that worry, it seemed to burn up now that she was back in control.
Wall.
She wrote her favourite spell in front of her just as she ducked to the side, another jet of water slicing out towards her.
The jet of water was so strong and sharp that it managed to cut through the fence Henrietta was standing in front of with far too much ease. There was a cracking sound, and a section of the fence actually fell over, slamming forward, but fortunately missing Henrietta by an inch.
With the magical wall in place before her, Henrietta backed off, quickly jumping and flipping through the hole in the fence, rolling on the ground, and then forcing herself to her feet in a snap.
The witch sent another slice of water her way, but fortunately the bulk of the wall protected Henrietta again, though the magical bricks did shake in place.
This water witch really was powerful. Perhaps the most powerful witch that Henrietta had yet faced.
Apart from the Witch King that was.
‘He wants to talk to you,’ the water witch repeated, her voice singsong. Then she walked forward, right into the wall. Though the magical wall did repel her, the water witch just brought up her arms and slammed into the wall several times.
It began to crumble, and then the witch simply stepped over the remaining magical bricks, a horrible smile peeling across her face.
Henrietta backed off.
Fire.
She cast a fireball, and it shot towards the witch, but the witch easily brought up a hand, and as she did a rush of water followed. The water collected over the fireball, covering it completely until the two spells cancelled each other out.
Dammit, Henrietta thought quickly. The last time she had fought this witch, Brick had been at her side, and he had managed to cast a magical magnification spell. In fact, that had been the only reason that Henrietta had been able to cast a fire tornado, a very difficult spell indeed.
But now Henrietta was on her own, and if she didn't come up with a solution fast, it sounded as if this water witch would drag Henrietta all the way back to Hellier.
Henrietta could only shudder to think of what would happen then.
She ducked to the side, rolling quickly, then pressing her hands into the ground and flipping several times until she landed behind a stack of metal sheets.
There were still many spells Henrietta had not tried, many words she had been intending to practice if she ever got the time or opportunity.
It seemed that the breadth and range of magic she could cast really was only limited by her imagination. Just as long as she got the wording right, she could almost do anything, well, as long as she had the requisite magic.
The spells that were by far the easiest were the elemental ones. Fire, earth, air, water; those came naturally and fairly quickly.
But wasn't there one element that Henrietta had just left out? One elemental spell she had yet to try.
Metal.
So Henrietta wrote it in the air. Though she had no idea what the spell would do, she was desperate.
The witch was advancing, sending spurts of water Henrietta’s way with every second, until it felt like there was a lake underneath Henrietta's feet.
The second she finished writing the word, the strangest of symbols appeared underneath Henrietta's boots.
But nothing happened. No metal spikes shot out and towards the witch, but still the light of the spell and the symbol below her travelled up and around Henrietta.
It was almost as if the spell had not been properly cast, as if it was waiting for something more.
The water witch suddenly brought her hands up and then furled them out. Just as she did, a wall of water burst around her, as high as a tsunami, and it travelled towards Henrietta like a bullet.
She had seconds.
A word came to her mind.
She wrote it.
Cage.
Finally the spell at Henrietta’s feet took hold, and several metal poles shot from the symbol, rushing towards the witch. They were fast and there were so many of them that they burst through the wall of water, forcing it to break in half. So when the water did reach Henrietta, it peeled off on either side of her, crashing to the ground, completely soaking her, but not toppling her over with its force.
Then the metal poles reached the witch, and one by one they slammed into place, then twisted at the top, producing a metal cage around the creature.
Just as Henrietta got to her feet, her whole body sopping wet, she saw the witch begin to pull at the metal bars. The creature was so strong that already she was having success at tugging them apart.
Henrietta knew the second the creature was free, would be the second she would send yet another tsunami Henrietta's way. And Henrietta really doubted she would be so lucky next time.
So she had to end this.
The witch was still not weakened enough that Henrietta could banish her, so Henrietta still needed one more spell.
And she had an idea.
Lightning.
It was the first time Henrietta had cast it, but just as she wrote the word in the air, there was a violent crackle of electricity from a symbol under her feet, and then an arc of lightning shot out and struck the cage.
Instantly electricity surged over it, down the metal beams, and shot into the wet hands of the witch as she held onto the metal poles.
She jolted backwards, slamming against the cage just as she let out a high-pitched, horrible cry.
Even though water and metal surrounded her, and the electrical discharge from the lightning strike should have translated through to Henrietta, nothing of the sort occurred; the symbol at her feet protected her.
The witch was finally down, finally weakened enough that the banish spell would work. So Henrietta did not hesitate. She took several shaky steps forward and wrote the word banish in the air.
The by-now familiar rush of invisible energy coalesced around her and covered the witch, sending the creature back into the void.
After it was all over, Henrietta the witch hunter walked home. She was weakened, she was tired, and she had a hell of a lot to think about.
Epilogue
Henrietta was on the couch eating ice cream. She hadn’t eaten anything that entire day, and yet when she had gotten home, she had polished off a pack of chocolate biscuits and half a tub of cookie crumble ice cream.
Because she deserved it.
Because even though she hadn't thought herself capable, she had gone to that ball, and she had found out what Hellier was up to. And, to top it all off, Henrietta had also taken down the strongest witch she had yet met all on her own.
Brick was sitting on the recliner opposite her, and by George did he look proud. He was currently tucking into his own packet of biscuits, and he was even making eyes at her half-finished ice cream.
‘Get your own,’ she warned him with a growl.
‘I would have thought you would be more thankful, considering what I did for you tonight,’ Brick said as he crammed another biscuit in his mouth.
‘You told me that Hellier wouldn't be able to see through my disguise,’ Henrietta pointed out as she waved her spoon Brick's way.
Brick winced through a smile. ‘It seems I got that wrong. Though we cannot be sure that he saw through your disguise; he may simply have taken a lucky guess. However, we should not dwell on such things, because tonight was a success.’
Henrietta pushed her head back into the pillow propped up behind her.
‘No one died, we found out what he is up to, and you learnt several new spells,’ Brick clarified. ‘What is more, your sister gave me her number.’
Henrietta spluttered, wiped the back of her hand over her mouth, and straightened up.
Brick was meant to be immune. Brick was meant to be the only man Henrietta had ever met that wouldn't ditch her for her sister.
Brick took a moment, and then he began to chuckle, and it was a very toothy, crackly chuckle.
Henrietta threw a cushion at him. ‘I am in no mood to play, Brick. Plus, we don't have the time. We might have gotten out of there tonight, and I might have taken down that water witch, but Hellier is still going to run for Mayor. And if he gets his way, then he is going to spend all the city’s funds on trying to widen his witch den.’
As Brick bit into another biscuit, he momentarily looked solemn. ‘This is true. But you are a witch hunter, and I am the warrior monk helper who serves you, and if you have not already figured this out, Henrietta, we will always be busy. We will always be fighting the witches until the shadow war can finally end.’
Henrietta put down her spoon, then she nodded at Brick.
Because he was right.
She had finally accepted that fact.
She was a witch hunter. Henrietta Gosling, former train wreck and uncoordinated wallflower was now the very last of her kind. Capable of powerful magic, and with a trusty if eccentric warrior monk at her side, Henrietta would fight the witches.
It was her destiny. And as Brick always said, she had to grab her destiny with both hands. Which she would, as soon as she’d finished her ice cream.
End of Book One
Book Two is currently available.
 
 For free fiction and details on current and upcoming titles, please visit www.odettecbell.com
(Jilly McQueen is a pen name of Odette C. Bell)

 Magical Influence
I'm a witch. Not your usual kind though. No fire bolts and brooms for me, just hard work. Work that is about to get all the harder. When my mad grandmother's behaviour brings a mysterious detective knocking at my door, I find it impossible to get rid of him. When the evil of forces of the universe start climbing up my walls and crawling through my windows, I can't get rid of them either.
Soon I'm embattled, and with nowhere to run and no one to rely on, I find out exactly what it takes to be a witch in the modern age.
Magical Influence is a light, humorous urban fantasy that follows the exploits of Miss Esme Sinclair and her wayward extended family.

 
 


