Blood Lilies
T. A. Miles





Copyright ©  T.A. Miles 2014
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction.  All incidents and dialogue, along with all characters are products of the author’s imagination.  Any similarities to any person, living or dead, is merely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.







www.raventidebooks.com



Copyright ©  T.A. Miles 2013


PROLOGUE
Moonlight trickled through a canopy of sparse branches.  A young woman lay basking in the night’s silver glow, dressed in blood and the tattered remains of clothing and flesh.
Merran hovered over the body, covering his mouth instinctively.  He had seen death before, but it wasn’t only death that he looked upon now.  It was the ruination of yet another soul.  That he’d come upon it indicated he had traveled the right course from Vassenleigh, and also that he had come too late.  Too late for this woman, at any rate.  And how many others?
Lowering his hand slowly, Merran proceeded across the clearing and into the woods.  He walked for less than a quarter of an hour before coming to the top of a short cliff which overlooked a large conglomeration of gray stone and peaked roofs.  It appeared a moderate town, sprawled in its bed of trees and shadow, like an errant child asleep in a secret place, dreaming securely under the notion that he could be neither found nor disturbed.
On the opposite end of the city lay another hill and signs of a great house protruding above the thick forest cover.  There was little doubt that it belonged to the resident lord, someone who may have been interested in knowing that a demon was lurking in his town.

CHAPTER ONE
The morning’s caller was strange to say the very least.  
Korsten Brierly sat opposite his guest in his home’s comfortable parlor and began to feel decidedly uncomfortable.  The man’s gaze was like a cloudless winter sky, piercing and without warmth.  He dressed entirely in black, from tall leather boots to a long overcoat, and the breeches and tunic mostly hidden beneath.  Not a stitch of color could be seen, though he did boast a peculiar brooch on his lapel.  It resembled a palm-sized moth, the exceptionally white wings lightly traced with black.  Upon first meeting the stranger, Korsten was inclined to shoo the odd decoration away, but he quickly realized that it hadn’t moved and wasn’t likely to.  So instead, he had guided his guest to a chair and now they sat staring at each other, listening to the moments slip past in the form of morning birds, bartering peddlers, and children at play in the waking streets of Haddowyn.
“Are you certain that I can’t get you anything?” Korsten finally asked the man.  “Some wine perhaps?  You seem a bit harried, if you don’t mind my saying so.”
The black-clad stranger shook his head slowly, changing the subject after a moment more of observing his host.  “You seem familiar, Master Brierly.  I wonder if we’ve met before?”
“I don’t believe so,” Korsten replied amicably while sitting back in his own seat.  He’d been told that he had an elegant way at relaxing and so didn’t worry about appearing bored before his guest.  In the words of his departed mother he was long and lean, effeminate and fair with a pleasantly gangly aspect.  In his father’s words, he had a starved form, and his features were dismal and depressing, but perhaps that was more bitter observation than honest.  Regardless, Korsten’s posture was usually a secondary observation.  It was often his spectacularly red hair that strangers noticed first.  The near crimson locks drew added attention to his pale complexion, and perhaps it was that uniqueness his guest believed he recognized.  Perhaps he had seen someone else with similar features.
Whatever the case, the man didn’t pursue his previous observation.  “As I told your porter,” he said with steady confidence, “my name is Merran.  I’ve come to your city on business that requires an audience with Lord Camirey.  I was informed that to gain such a thing, one must first go through the governor’s deputy.”
Mention of his position made Korsten shudder inside. It was not a station he particularly cherished, preferring the solitude of his library over the incessant visits from local businessmen, town leaders, and outside emissaries.  However, etiquette had left him little choice in the matter.  His late, sonless uncle had been very specific in his will as to who he wished to carry on with his duties in the event of his passing.  On top of that, Lord Camirey had been very specific himself in assigning those duties to Korsten, whom he respected not only as a scholar, but as a longtime friend of his second son, Renmyr.  It was not what Korsten wanted, but the only other option, even if not openly presented, would have been to offend Lord Camirey by refusing the position offered.  That was nothing that interested Korsten either, and so he settled for the political task handed to him.  He only wished that it didn’t involve the entertaining of quite so many visitors, particularly one so strange as his current guest, whose character as yet awaited appraisal.
Korsten set himself to the task, giving the man and his presentation another study.  An assassin should have had a more thorough story prepared.  A lunatic, however, might not have cared to consider the details.  Part of Korsten’s responsibilities was to screen potential visitors to the lord’s manor whenever possible.  Although the truly dangerous ones never followed etiquette and simply went straight for the house, or whichever place they believed they would find their target.  Renmyr had told Korsten a number of stories concerning unpleasant intruders on his father’s private grounds.
With that in mind, Korsten entered the ensuing interview carefully.  “Is this business urgent, sir?” he asked civilly.  “You were right to come here if you are seeking an audience, but if it is anything in the way of an emergency, you ought to have gone to Constable Hedren first.”
Merran nodded once, calmly.  “I did,” he answered.  “To report the body.”
“Body?” Korsten echoed, feeling a sudden twinge of illness in his gut.
“A young woman,” his guest explained.  “I came upon her body in the southern woods, ravaged as if by some beast.”
“I’ve had no reports of anyone gone missing,” Korsten informed.  
“It happened late last night, I suspect,” Merran said.  “It was near to morning when I arrived here.  I hope no one will be offended that I took the liberty of having the body cremated.”
Korsten did nothing but stare at the man for a moment.  Then he sat forward a bit, shifted his weight, and said, “I think, sir, that a great many people will take offense.  The young lady’s family, for one.  You say you’ve been to Constable Hedren?  He should have already issued his complaints that you left him nothing to examine.”
“An examination is not necessary,” Merran replied.  “It was a murder.”
Korsten failed to see his logic.  “If that is the case…”
“It is,” the man assured.  “And an examination would have proved that to be true, Master Brierly, in the worst possible manner.  The body had been corrupted by the assailant.  Infected, you might say.”
“Are you suggesting that a diseased beast attacked the young lady?  Or perhaps you mean that one took interest in the corpse?”
His guest frowned.  “The corpse itself would have become a diseased beast by midday and it would have done to an examiner what was done to it, or worse.”
Korsten blinked, uncertain what to say.  Naturally, he’d come upon a fair amount of grim legends throughout his studies, stories about a poisonous spirit inhabiting a body, the living as well as the dead.  But what this man was suggesting; that there was something more than myth to the tales, made Korsten want to usher him from his home and take a stiff drink for breakfast.  It seemed more likely, if the man wasn’t mad and imagining that he’d seen a body, that he had been the one to commit the murder and burned the body along with any solid proof of the deed.
“Are you telling me, sir,” Korsten finally said, “That the young lady was killed not by man or animal, but by…”
“A demon, yes,” the man supplied.  “To be specific, it was one of the Vadryn.”
Now Korsten stood.  He was going to have that drink after all.  He carried himself to the short table under the parlor window and unstopped a decanter.  “Master Merran, if what you’re saying is—will you have some?”  His guest declined with an upheld hand.  Korsten saw to a glass for himself.  “If what you’re saying is true, then I would say Haddowyn is faced with a very urgent situation.  And yet, you do not appear overly concerned.”
Merran fixed him with his blue, blue gaze and said soberly, “I believe the demon has only just arrived.  According to your chief constable, there has not been an abundance of bizarre killings or unexplained disappearances as of late.”
As of ever, Korsten thought in reply.  Keeping that thought to himself, he turned to face his guest, drink in hand.  “There have not been, no.”
“That agrees with my own experiences over the past several weeks.  The Vadryn I have been tracking, if true to the course I predicted, should have arrived here approximately a half a day ahead of me.  It would have killed at once and hastily, out of need.  And then it would have gone into hiding.”
“Even demons require rest,” Korsten added, trying not to sound terribly cynical, though he imagined he failed in that effort.
His guest, however, did not appear affronted.  He continued in the same calm, impersonal manner.  “That is true, Master Brierly.  Because while it may be immortal, the body it has elected to inhabit is not.”
“The Vadryn are possessive spirits,” Korsten said thoughtfully.  “That’s right...if one were to follow the legends.  They claim the soul of a living body, twisting it to their will.  A dark, hungry will that can only be satisfied through the devouring of living human bodies.”
Merran’s eyes narrowed just a bit, as if he believed Korsten were making fun.  He said evenly, “It is the blood they are after, Master Brierly.  And it does not satisfy them, no matter how much they steal.  There is a greater darkness in their bite than death, a darkness which awakens the victim to a ravening madness, the urge to prey upon flesh, that of the living or of the dead.  They have no preference.”
Korsten decided that he didn’t like the man’s tone, which bordered on condescending, as if his audience were a child or a simpleton.  He sipped from his drink then gave the man a light frown of disapproval.  “And you are one who chases after such creatures and slays them perhaps?  Who would sponsor such a profession?  Or do you set your fee by the job, in which case I can tell you straight away that Lord Camirey does not abide or support mercenaries, no matter what services they would offer.”
Merran fixed him with a stern glare.  “My orders are given to me by Mage-Superior Ashwin of the Vassenleigh Seminary of Magecraft.”
Korsten let out a helpless gasp before issuing a hard frown.  “The Seminary…  Are you so convinced that you’re in the company of a fool?  The city of Vassenleigh was obliterated by the Crimson Plague, decades ago.  No one lives there anymore and the institution you speak of was nothing more than a haven for charlatans and madmen content to rob the king of his wealth, when Edrinor had one.  Now, I suggest you take this story of yours back to the constable, with my recommendation that he lock you away at once and for a very long time.  At least until this spell of madness or dishonesty, whichever it may be, subsides.”
The man calling himself Merran stood.  “I will be staying at the Moon’s Glow Inn, waiting for an audience with Lord Camirey.”
Korsten glared at him while his lips formed a soft, sarcastic grin.  “In that event it looks as if you’ll be taking up permanent residence.  Good day, sir.”
Merran inclined his head in parting and walked himself from the parlor.  Korsten stayed behind, glowering at his glass for several moments before downing the remains of its bittersweet contents.

~


The woods north of Haddowyn were quiet, peacefully so.  And yet, Korsten envisioned bloodied corpses slumped against the narrow conifer boles.  In his mind’s eye, they all looked like Seryline Rolce; the young woman who was indeed missing and who unerringly fit the description Merran had given Constable Hedren.  After the man left his house, Korsten felt inclined to visit the constabulary himself and to hear another version of the morning’s story.  It was unsettlingly similar to the one that had come from the lips of the black-clad stranger.  
Perhaps what was more unsettling was that Hedren seemed halfway to believing the spectacular tale of a demon snatching people in the night and murdering them.  Korsten advised him to suspect Haddowyn’s newcomer first, above legendary soul-snatching beasts.  Hedren, typically a sensible man, agreed for the time being.   However, because Merran had firmly rooted himself at Moon’s Glow, the two of them decided jointly that it was not necessary to arrest him just yet.  He may have been nothing more than a wandering fanatic, who happened upon the scene of an unfortunate accident involving wolves or some other predatory animal and decided to make it something far more than what it was.
Korsten still had difficulty believing the claim Merran had made; not only that there was a demon lurking about, but that Merran himself was a Mage, charged to hunt the Vadryn.  Mages had been all but unheard of in Edrinor for nearly a century.  They were as much legend as the Vadryn and the only things inhabiting the Seminary at Vassenleigh now were ghosts.  The man was clearly mad.  Korsten was not about to trouble Lord Camirey with such absurdity.
“Is there more on your mind than usual?” someone asked.
Previous thoughts were put aside with effort.  Korsten looked to the individual riding beside him, a man of carefully inherited grace.  Unlike Korsten, who had had all of his mother’s charms heaped upon him at once, Renmyr Camirey had been constructed of equal portions of his parents’ noble qualities, sculpted as if by the gods’ hands, with the utmost care.
“I apologize,” Korsten finally said.  “Did you say something, Ren?”
Renmyr grinned and said, “You seem to be riding in the clouds.  Is anything the matter?”
Korsten couldn’t help but to smile back at his charming friend.  “Shall I tell you about it?”
“Yes.  The sooner the better.”
Korsten agreed by veering off their typical path through the woods surrounding the Camirey manor.  Renmyr followed easily on his tawny steed, which was bulkier than Korsten’s black mare and not as fast, though there was little doubt that his animal could endure longer.  It was not Korsten’s aim to find that out today and so he found an adequate stopping place within a short span; a comfortable grove with a narrow spring running through it.  Here, they both dismounted and allowed the horses to drink.
Korsten absorbed the peaceful stillness of this part of the forest, forgetting what he had to say.  Under these circumstances he could forget everything.  This level of solitude was second only to his library.  He hated to disturb it and almost believed that if he were going to speak at all he should do so in a whisper.
Renmyr was not so moved by the atmosphere, however, and soon broke it.  “Don’t tell me you’ve received another proposal of marriage from some not-so-virtuous young lady’s opportunist father?”
“What?”  Korsten let a small laugh escape him.  “No.  Though, to be completely honest, I think I would have preferred having had that to deal with this morning.”
“Rather than...”
“Rather than the mentally disturbed gentleman who came calling shortly after sunrise.”  Korsten sighed, looking out across the clearing.  “I fear I’m never at my best when dawn is just breaking anyway.”
“I’ll vouch for that,” Renmyr said.
Korsten arced one eyebrow, glancing back at his friend.  “Will you?”
Mischief gleamed in Renmyr’s silver-blue eyes.  He leaned close, dropping his firm chin on Korsten’s shoulder.  “I could be persuaded to change my opinion on that.”
“Oh?”  Korsten pretended to be interested in the water flowing at their feet rather than his heart hammering in his chest as his friend drew still nearer.
“Perhaps I would find myself in a position to reevaluate.  I haven’t visited your home in quite some time.”
Korsten closed his eyes as Renmyr set a very light kiss on his neck.  “It hasn’t changed at all.”
“I’m glad,” Renmyr answered, the words tickling across Korsten’s skin.  “Did I mention that I love the way you keep the servants’ quarters and your own rooms at opposite ends of the house?”  
Frowning helplessly, Korsten said, “They think that I do it in order to keep my lessons with the not-so-virtuous ladies you just mentioned more private than they ought to be.”
Renmyr exhaled a little laugh, raising Korsten’s pulse.  “You do have a marvelously convenient reputation with women.  I’ve heard tavern talk of how your nose may be in the books, but your...”
“Please, Ren,” Korsten interrupted, mildly disgusted.  He turned his face away from the other man, but not for long.  “I don’t need to hear anymore.  I let that reputation develop and I have allowed it to fester for you.  For us.”
“And that’s why I’m not jealous,” Renmyr answered.  He put the words in Korsten’s ear, literally.  “Well...maybe a little.”
Korsten’s lips parted in a quiet sigh.  Finally, he turned to face Renmyr’s affection.  His friend took him in his arms and kissed him once before leading him away from the horses.  They lowered onto the grass together.  Renmyr had Korsten’s jacket and shirt open in moments and was dropping kisses upon his chest while he lay beneath him and concentrated simply on breathing.
Ren...it’s only been days and it feels like years.  I wish it could always be like this, that we didn’t have to hide.  But why should you go through what I went through?  To be disinherited and disowned...like me, shunned by all of my family save one unexpectedly tolerant uncle, who still kept me at arm’s length for years before finally coming to full acceptance.  Somehow it worked out for me.  I have a house and a position...and I have you, my beloved friend.
Korsten smiled gently up at his lover, who hovered over him now.  He tucked an errant strand of raven hair behind Renmyr’s ear.  “I want you to always be happy.”
Renmyr captured Korsten’s hand before it slipped away and kissed his palm.  “This is the only place I know happiness.”  The other man’s glorious eyes fell closed.  A stitch formed between his dark eyebrows.  “And I am forced to leave this behind too often, lest my father begin to understand why I’ve been holding off marriage, apart from traditional Camirey bullheadedness.”
A sudden depression filled Korsten’s chest, like an ailment that attacked the lungs.  He slipped his hand away from Renmyr and took his gaze from him as well.  “I’m sorry.”
“For what?” Renmyr wanted to know.  “For being alive?  For being beautiful?”  He pushed aside a lock of red curls that had a tendency to fall in front of Korsten’s eye.  Then his fingers lightly traced his lover’s jaw, settling upon his slim neck.  “And you are beautiful.”
Korsten looked at him again.  “I should have left that first day I noticed your gaze lingering more than a moment, but that mine was lingering, too.  I loved you at once and I’ll love you always, but I won’t begrudge you pushing me away...if you must.”
A frown drew slowly to Renmyr’s lips.  “Nothing is going to separate us, Korsten; least of all me.  I’ll leave here first, I can promise you that much.”
Korsten put a hand on Renmyr’s shoulder, gently pushing him aside as he sat up.  He dropped his face into his free hand and was once again concentrating on breathing, this time to keep tears at bay.  At length, he said, “You can’t leave, Ren.  Your family needs you.”
“They need my sword if there is ever a border skirmish.  They need my health, should my brother’s falter.  But how quickly would they want nothing from me at all if they were to discover us?”
“I know,” Korsten sighed wearily.  “I went through it already.  How fragile even the closest family bonds are when tested against…what to them is nothing more than perversion and emotional illness.”
Renmyr gathered Korsten carefully back into his arms.  He stroked his hair and spoke to him in soothing tones.  “We’ll make it, Korsten.  Hush now.  You’ll see that I’m right.”
Renmyr was three years younger than Korsten at twenty-one.  It was during a time like this that he seemed older.  Korsten envied him his strength, having himself developed a habit, encouraged by his own family, of hiding when circumstances weren’t as comfortable as they should have been.  For years he’d hidden in his library, interacting with outsiders only when it could not be avoided, usually to educate the students his uncle had gathered for him, of which Renmyr had once been one.  Korsten was just twenty when Lord Camirey’s second born needed a tutor to help him better understand history.  It didn’t take long for Korsten to realize that the younger man didn’t need a tutor; he simply wanted one.  Specifically, he wanted Korsten, whom he’d met previously on only a few brief occasions.  That was enough, each of them believed, and they quickly fell in love.  They taught each other many things during those long hours alone in the library, none of it relating to history.  Korsten’s uncle eventually came to know and he had recently taken that knowledge to his grave.
Korsten had lost an ally as well as an uncle with Fand Brierly’s death and sometimes, when he couldn’t be with Renmyr, he felt completely alone and helpless.  But he was with Renmyr now.  He wasn’t alone.
“Hush...” Renmyr said again, just as Korsten exhaled brokenly.
Korsten clung to him, needing him so badly it embarrassed him sometimes to think about.  He couldn’t imagine a life without him.  And yet, he could never truly know a life with him.  “We’re trapped, Ren,” he finally whispered.  “We’re trapped in this lie.”
“You can’t believe that,” Renmyr said as softly.  “We’ll have a life together someday.  And until then…”
“Until when?” Korsten had to ask.  “Why can’t we...”
“Leave here?” Renmyr finished when Korsten failed to.  He hugged him tighter.  “My family needs me.  You said it yourself and I should agree, regardless of what I may say out of anger.  My brother has not been well and Father is old, aging by the day.  So many regions have fallen into disarray since the fall of the last king.  Fools and madmen fight for the crown and as a result there are few cities like Haddowyn, a retreat from total chaos.  The border of Morenne expands with every season, drawing ever near to us.  Edrinor is being taken a piece at a time.  Whether we fight Morenne or surrender, it will take a strong leader to protect this area, be it from war or from subjugation.”
Renmyr kissed the top of Korsten’s head.  “You’re right.  I cannot leave here.”
“Then I must stay as well.”  Korsten closed his eyes, refusing anymore tears.  Then he pulled away from Renmyr just enough to look up into his eyes, bright as the waxing moon.  “I want to stay here...with you.  It doesn’t matter how things are,” he determined.  “I love you.”
Renmyr pushed aside the wayward curls once again, stroked Korsten’s cheek, and then bent forward to kiss him.  Korsten opened his mouth to capture his warm salty taste.  They lowered again onto the grass.  Renmyr dropped one hand onto Korsten’s waist, gradually unclasped his belt, and slipped into his breeches.  
Korsten moaned with the pleasurable groping that followed.  His heart began to race as their kissing grew more ardent, his blood pounding under his skin at every pulse point.
At some length, they separated for air, though it seemed that there was none to be had while Renmyr continued his efforts.  Renmyr kissed Korsten’s ear and neck, and withdrew his hand in a moment of control that seemed immediately in debate.  “My sweet Kor...I could take you here and now.”
“You...could,” Korsten said, somewhat breathlessly.  He could feel his skin flush to match his hair when his lover rose just enough to look upon him.  “We could wait until tonight...and hope that neither of us is called upon by business before then.  Or we could make love now...” He reached up and unknotted Renmyr’s collar.  “And hope no one happens upon us.”
“We’re well away from the riding paths,” Renmyr considered.  And then he rolled away from Korsten, sitting up.  “And now I remember why.  Wasn’t there something you were going to tell me?”
Korsten sighed ruefully, then organized himself, and maneuvered to an upright position himself.  “Yes,” he said, standing when some of the lightheadedness passed.  He felt bereft and overheated and decided to walk back to the horses and the cooler air around the spring.  “I had a strange visitor this morning.  He came to me seeking an audience with your father.  He was clearly mad.  I sent him away.”
“What inspired you to judge him as such, if I may ask?”
Korsten glanced over his shoulder at Renmyr, who was still seated on the grass.  It took him a moment to form the requested answer.  “The gentleman...claimed that a young woman was murdered just outside the city.  Last night, in the southern woods.  He said it was a...that the deed was committed by a demon.”  For some reason the notion chilled Korsten as it hadn’t before.
Renmyr, on the other hand, didn’t seem fazed by it.  In fact, he seemed understandably skeptical.  “A demon?”
Korsten nodded slowly, then looked at Renmyr again.  “The Vadryn, to be exact.”  He pushed one hand slowly through his hair.  “I suppose he wanted to warn your father of it.”
Now Renmyr stood, joining Korsten with the horses.  “Of a legendary creature that feeds upon the souls of the living?  Resurrected after centuries of absence from this land by what source?  Did he mention it?”
“No,” Korsten answered, latching onto the absurdity of just what was being discussed in order to form a faint smile.  “I suppose I was right to dismiss him, then.”
“You doubted it?” Renmyr said, gathering up the reins of his horse.  He mounted, then smiled down at Korsten.  “My father allowed you to inherit your uncle’s position for a reason, beloved.  You’ve never made a mistake in judgment in his eyes.”
“It only matters to me what your eyes see,” Korsten told him.
Renmyr gazed at him for a long moment, then said, “I see a lack of restraint forthcoming.  Let’s finish our ride.  You can finish telling me about your peculiar visitor at Brenwick’s, over a large ale.”

~

Brenwick’s was no place Korsten particularly enjoyed, but it was necessary, from time to time.  Not only in pleasing Renmyr, who seemed to enjoy the alehouse atmosphere, but in keeping up appearances.  People would surely begin to wonder about two friends as close as they happened to be who spent all of their time together under less public conditions.  When in the abundant company of others, they behaved almost as brothers; speaking casually, arguing openly, and touching rarely.  No one seemed suspicious of them, least of all the barmaid Calla, who made no secret of her interest in the handsome heir she was waiting on.
Korsten watched with secret disgust as the tawdry young woman fawned over Renmyr, making open comments about how much stronger he looked today as opposed to yesterday.  She supplied him with enough romantic signals for him to have written a book on the subject, from coquettish laughter to coy eye contact and touches that lingered after incidental brushes.  Yes, she was expert, and determined.  What made it worse was that Renmyr did nothing at all to discourage her.  And how could he?  Wouldn’t Calla like to know just who her would-be beau had had his strong arms wrapped around not but a few hours ago?  Wouldn’t they all like to know?  
There would be a scandal to keep the lips of Haddowyn’s gossips flapping for years to come.  Lord Camirey’s strong, stubborn, and very masculine son bedding another man.  How long before it came to bedding men, and then boys?
Taking one last look at the barmaid all but molesting his lover, Korsten finished his ale and stood.  He said to Calla, in as congenial a tone as he could muster, “You seem occupied.  I’ll see to refilling my own glass.”
Calla glanced at him, then sidled into the booth beside Renmyr, practically sitting in his lap.  Her ample breasts, just covered by her grease and sweat stained blouse, brushed against his chest as she came dangerously near to kissing him outright.  While Renmyr pretended to appreciate her nearness, she said to Korsten, “Would you be a good fellow, then, and see to my other tables as well?  I think I can keep myself busy enough right here.”
Korsten didn’t trust himself to say anything.  He departed with a false grin and headed for the bar.  What’s wrong with this world that its inhabitants would prefer a scene like that to honesty?  Ren and I love each other.  Why isn’t that enough?  
Don’t be so naïve, you know very well that that has never been enough, not for anyone under Heaven.  And the very first sensible argument anyone would make would be that it’s Ren’s duty to provide Camirey heirs in the event that Edmore cannot.  His  brother’s been married for three years, sick for two.  It doesn’t seem likely that his wife will be bearing him any children soon, if ever.  All the responsibility will fall on Ren.  His father will finally insist upon a marriage and it’ll be that much worse if anyone were to learn of us then.  To find that the next lord of Haddowyn had been adulterating, that his secret lover was none other than his second in the chain of command.  There’d be an uprising.  Haddowyn would fall into the same chaos as other cities in Edrinor, ripe for the plucking.  And I know you wouldn’t like that, Ren.  This is home to you.  You care about Haddowyn’s future, as much as you care for me...perhaps more.
That final thought let Korsten know that he’d had too much to drink.  He tended depressing when he imbibed of too much of Brenwick’s poison.  Some might argue that depressed was his natural state, regardless of alcohol and perhaps they wouldn’t be far from correct in that argument.  He’d come to Haddowyn alone and unhappy.  Meeting and eventually loving Renmyr made him happy, but he was still alone.  He couldn’t be otherwise and not risk greater trouble for both of them than simply having to lie in public.
“Ah, there you are Kor!  Can’t miss your scarlet head, can we?”
Korsten glanced at the man he’d come to stand beside of at the bar.  After passing his glass across the wide counter to Brenwick, he gave the other man an affable smile.  “Good afternoon, Gamley.  It’s been a while since I’ve been subjected to your company.”
Gamley was quite drunk and laughed loudly at the joke that was not actually a joke.  He was an untidy man at best, tall--though not as tall as Korsten--with a stoop to his stance and an avidly developing paunch.  He was missing two top teeth in a very noticeable spot and his less than attractive face was never quite shaven on any given day.  “Have a knack for words, Kor.  I’ll give you that!  Ain’t seen you in here recently.  Seen more of young lord Ren, to tell the truth.  Beginnin’ to wonder if maybe you hadn’t taken ill on us.”
“I’ve taken ill,” Korsten said, accepting his refreshed mug back from the tavern’s owner.  “With Lord Renmyr’s bullheadedness.  There’s not a sound piece of advice I can give to him that he’ll take without a long, drawn out fight.”
Gamley nodded.  “Aye, the young lord’s a stubborn one, right he is.  Head harder than Brenwick’s bread!”
“Hey, watch it there, Gamley,” the aging tavern owner protested.  “I seen you stuffin’ your face plenty full with my bread!”
“Gotta use something to soak up that pig squalor stew!”
“That…”
Korsten backed away from the bar before they could go at each other.  “Gentlemen, if you’ll excuse me.”
“Right, Kor,” Gamley permitted, then proceeded to complain about the food Brenwick served to his patrons.
Korsten headed back for the booth he’d been sharing with Renmyr, that Renmyr was still sharing with Calla.  He frowned peevishly, wondering how much more of this he would be able to endure, when someone else caught his interest.
He recognized Merran at once--there was no mistaking him--and Merran clearly recognized him.  They stared mutually for several seconds before Korsten finally veered toward the man’s table in one of the tavern’s shadowed corners.  When he arrived, he seated himself without asking permission and continued to study Merran.  The man wasn’t particularly handsome, but he wasn’t ugly.  There was an attractively serious aspect about him, an alluring graveness that started with his intensely blue gaze.  
Once Korsten caught onto his own thoughts, he forced them aside and said, “I had not expected to find you here, Master Merran.”
“It is as good a place as any to observe,” the man replied neutrally.  He maintained his all black outfitting with the exception of the ghastly moth-shaped brooch.  Korsten wanted to say something about the unsightly piece, but Merran was speaking again.  “Have you reconsidered yet, Master Brierly?”
“Yet?” Korsten echoed.  “I can assure you that I am not about to reconsider at all.  Lord Camirey has more important things to be concerned with than tales of demons and murder.  The murder can be handled at this level, by myself and Constable Hedren.  And the demons you can keep to yourself.”
“No one can keep the Vadryn,” Merran said, too seriously.  “They must be destroyed.”
Korsten frowned at him.  “How noble of you to trod through the wilderness after them.  And convenient.  Convenient that one of the legendary miscreants should arrive here, at the doorstep of a wealthy lord, who is troubled enough by his son’s insistent illness to possibly fall victim to a wandering bard’s chicanery.”
“I am not a bard,” Merran informed him.
Korsten lifted his brow.  “No?  You sing a fantastic tune.  However, know that I am not easily swayed by fantasy, nor will I be tricked by-”
“Yes,” Merran interrupted.  “I would say that you are remarkably slow to believe, for a man who lives in a world of pure fantasy.”
Korsten’s jaw hung open in mid-sentence, clamping slowly and firmly.  In a moment, he said, “How dare you?  What would you know of my life?”
“Your reputation,” Merran said calmly and Korsten’s eyes drew narrow, his mouth taut.  The man added, “For one who has been to bed with so many adoring young women--students he seduces in the privacy of his library--you’ve sown a suspicious lack of seeds.  There’s not a single red-haired child in this town between the ages of infant and seven years.  I’m told you’ve been residing in Haddowyn for eight.”
“There are plenty of red-haired children in Haddowyn,” Korsten argued for the sake of it.  He’d be damned if was going to be coerced by this madman.
“None with hair quite so red as yours,” Merran continued.  “And none that are yours.  No woman claims to have actually been with you, but none who are accused deny it, not with any fervor, because it satisfies their own fantasies to be considered your lover, I think.  It is a dangerous balancing act, what you’re attempting.”
“To live, you mean?” Korsten retorted softly, giving his glare to his ale.  “To love?  As if I don’t have a right to just as everyone else?  All right, you’ll have your audience, if that’s what you want.  But under the sole condition that you leave this town as silently as you entered it.”
“I was not bargaining with you, Master Brierly,” Merran said.  
Korsten looked up to see him standing, leaving behind the necessary coins to cover whatever he’d had to eat or drink, which appeared to be nothing.  The only dish in sight was a full mug of cider.
The man left, and left Korsten both baffled and irritated.  He was mad at Merran for saying what he did, but moreover he was mad at himself for his reaction to the words.  It distressed him to think that he’d been figured out quite so easily and to wonder if anyone else could do the same.  If anyone in Haddowyn took a moment to scrutinize, like Merran obviously had, what would they see?
They’ll see nothing, Korsten decided angrily, perhaps a bit drunkenly, and left the tavern, alone and without uttering a word to Renmyr.



CHAPTER TWO

The Vadryn were figments of myth, byproducts of a fevered imagination.  They did not actually exist and never had.
That was what Korsten was telling himself, even as he pulled down volume after volume of writings accounting for their existence.  Yes, many of the stories were nothing more than that; fictional tales.  But Korsten knew well that fiction could often be embellished fact.  The stories were too widespread, told in the same tongue by too many different mouths—or hands, as the case may have been—to not have some basis in reality.  The details of the soul-stealing demons varied, but the core elements of the legend were identical, no matter what source Korsten consulted on the subject.
The Vadryn did not simply feed off of souls, but lived off them, like parasites.  One of the Vadryn rarely walked the earth in its natural form.  It was a freed spirit, a roving ghost with no life force of its own.  It found what it was lacking in living humans, selecting one soul to occupy, to twist and to corrupt until it suited its needs.  And then, hidden amongst ordinary men and women, the beast would continue to hunt.  
“The demon brings a state of near death upon the victim,” Korsten read aloud, quietly.  Two candles burned on the table beyond the book he’d braced there, the flames casting erratic shadows over the words.  It had been hours since he left the tavern and shut himself in his library.  On impulse he’d begun researching the Vadryn.  He quickly became absorbed by the reading and persisted through half the length of the candles as if in a trance.  The written words tumbled off his lips now as helplessly.  “And sustains the body by constantly replenishing the captive soul with others.  Traces of the soul can be found in the blood, which is the essence of life, the life that is passed from parent to child.  By taking the blood of its victim, the Vadryn leaves behind a ruined vessel with only the shadowy remains of the complete spirit that distinguishes men from beasts.  The conscience, the will, the emotional heart...all of it becomes blackened, warped, fouled.  The individual awakes from the attack into a nightmare which they scarcely realize they are experiencing.  They seek to prolong their unnatural life beyond what should have been their death...with blood.”
“Sounds ominous.”
Korsten jumped a little, then sighed with relief, seeing who it was entering his library unannounced.  “Father of the gods, Ren…you know you’re always welcome, but you might think to knock once in a while.”
“I agree,” Renmyr answered, stepping further into the room, hands folded behind his back, broad chin lifted just a bit.  Korsten knew that stance and he knew the tone that accompanied it.  “One should announce their coming.  And, likewise, they should announce their leaving.”
He was angry.  Korsten felt instantly remiss.  He closed the book spread on the table before him.  “I’m sorry, Ren.  I-”
Renmyr drew to a halt several paces away from the table and fixed Korsten with a piercing glare.  Up until that moment, Renmyr had been looking around the library at the many shelves filled with writing or reading material as if he’d never seen them or the room they occupied before.  He never jumped into a fight.  He always stalked the matter a bit first.  When he did finally go in, it was always for the throat.  “Who was that man you were speaking with earlier?”
Korsten had grown used to Renmyr’s method of discussion and no longer flinched inside when his lover pounced on him.  “He was no one of importance.  And don’t give me that look.  You know better.”
“No one of importance,” Renmyr echoed, as if he’d heard nothing else.  “Then it wasn’t something important he might have said, after dragging you across the room with his gaze, that made you leave so urgently, practically on his heels?”
Korsten frowned helplessly and could not hold onto the acid words that escaped him next.  “To be honest, I thought you were too busy wenching to notice.”
“You’re the one with the reputation,” Renmyr reminded somewhat icily.
Korsten glared back at him.  “And you’re the one making a public performance!”
“That would make you, then, the very model of discretion, chasing shamelessly after-”
“I wasn’t chasing after anyone!”  Now the words were beginning to hurt.  Korsten’s eyes filled with unshed tears.  “Damn you, what has gotten into you?  Is it Brenwick’s toxin, or is it something else?”
“Who was that man, Korsten?” Renmyr asked again.  He was demanding.  “Tell me, else let me leave without an answer and without intent to return.”
“Leave!” Korsten shouted unreasonably.  “Don’t return!  Marry one of Brenwick’s trollops and sire a dozen legitimate children, and solve both our troubles!”  As soon as he’d said that, Korsten regretted it.  He looked at the table, unable to look at Renmyr any longer.
A lengthy silence ensued, inspiring the held tears to slip.  He despised it when they did this.  
Renmyr eventually came to be at Korsten’s side and placed a hand on his shoulder.  Korsten turned his face away from him at first, angry and embarrassed.  Renmyr slid his arm across his shoulders.  “I’m sorry, beloved.  I didn’t mean what I said.”
And that was all he needed to hear.  Elation had Korsten melting into the other man’s embrace, ready to forgive.  “I love you, Ren.  I’ll never love anyone else.  I’ve never thought of anyone else.”
“I know that.  I’m sorry.  I’m sorry about Calla.  Don’t think it wouldn’t please me to take you into my arms right in front of her, in front of everyone, and kiss every inch of you.”
Korsten let out an unhappy laugh.  “You’d probably get away with it.  Everyone would be too shocked to stop you; me included.”
Renmyr drew back a little, slipped his hand under Korsten’s chin and gently forced him to look up at him.  “Will you be all right?” he asked.  When Korsten nodded, he wiped away a tear with his thumb then added, “I’d still like to know who that was at Brenwick’s.  What did he say that made you leave in such a hurry?”
Korsten slipped out of their embrace and sat back in his chair.  He reached out and prodded the edges of the book in front of him with his fingertips, then withdrew from that task as well.  “I don’t know why exactly, but he makes me uneasy.  That was the visitor I told you about, from this morning.”
“The one that believes demons are devouring young women in the woods?”
“The same.”
“He still insists upon a meeting with Lord Camirey?”
Korsten nodded, wiping at lingering tears with the back of his hand.
“Then we’ll give him his meeting.”
Korsten looked up, frowning with confusion.  “But your father...”
The merest smile traced Renmyr’s lips.  “Who said anything about my father?”  Then he carried himself to the nearest chair at the library’s long table and sat down.  “Anyway, it seems to me that this fellow is a trouble maker.  Maybe after he’s given his story to a member of the governing family he’ll be content to leave.”
Korsten drew in a long breath and let it out slowly, sinking back into a feeling of normalcy as their argument slipped another moment behind them.  “I can’t say I want him haunting the area myself, but Hedren and I share concerns that he might have committed the murder he’s talking about.”
Renmyr looked at him, chin braced on one hand.  “What makes you say so?”
“Seryline Rolce is missing.  According to her family, she’s been absent since yesterday evening.”
Renmyr considered this information then said, “Well, if he did it he’s completely mad.  Any moderately sane man would know that he would be implicating himself with such a tale.”
Korsten nodded.  “I agree.  However, as he hasn’t tried to get away in any particular hurry, Hedren and I thought to let him be until we could sort this out ourselves.”
“And is this…” Renmyr gestured at the books and scrolls spread across the table with his free hand. “…how you’ve decided to sort the matter out?  By reading fairytales?”
“I found myself curious,” Korsten admitted.  In a moment he added, “And there’s something else that troubles me about the gentleman.”
“Oh?”
“He claims…I know this all seems more foolish by the second…but he says that he was sent here to destroy the demon by the Seminary.”  Korsten witnessed Renmyr’s puzzled expression, adding, “At Vassenleigh.”
“I’ve heard of it,” Renmyr replied.  “Everyone died there, didn’t they?”
“Crimson Plague,” Korsten confirmed, nodding.  “Yes.  One could be inclined to think that perhaps he was one of the few survivors, but that the event took place far too long ago.”
“He’s mad,” Renmyr said, then decided it.  “The man is without question an utter lunatic.  I’d like him gone from here.  Sooner rather than later.”  He stood and walked back to Korsten’s seat, where he bent down and whispered into his lover’s ear.  “And I’d like you upstairs and in bed, where I can remind you that I’m not actually the brute I pretend to be.”
Korsten leaned just slightly away from him.  He deliberately failed to smile when he reopened the book in front of him.  “I have all of this studying to do.”
Renmyr dropped a kiss on Korsten’s shoulder.  “I thought you were only curious.”  Tugging at Korsten’s sleeve, he brought his lover close enough to nibble at his neck.  Korsten’s breath was quickly escaping him, particularly as Renmyr’s lips touched just the right place behind his jaw.  “Curiosity can be...a difficult thing to ignore.”
Renmyr sighed lustily into Korsten’s neck.  “To Hell with curiosity.  I’ll give you something to study.”

~

Renmyr was indeed not a brute.  Passionate, yes, but never rough, never anything less than gentle and affectionate.  After several nights kept apart for various reasons, including keeping suspicions at bay—after all, how many times could Renmyr reasonably render himself too drunk to make it any farther than his trusted friend’s house on a night spent socializing?—they made love and easily made up for lost time and careless words.  Any bereavement Korsten had felt earlier in the day was sufficiently quelled by their closeness now.  Long after the closest moments had ended, they lay in each other’s arms, sharing profound kisses.  They would fall asleep eventually, but they didn’t look forward to it, so limited was their time together like this.
The rest of the day drifted far into the background.  Korsten could not have cared less what had gone on before, not while Renmyr was with him, embracing him.  As if he could sense his lover’s thoughts, Renmyr drew a brief pause, just long enough to gaze fondly into Korsten’s darker eyes before pressing his lips upon him again.  Korsten allowed him two light kisses on the chin, intercepting the third with his own mouth.  He lifted his hand to the back of Renmyr’s head, tangling his fingers in his freed black mane and holding him in place for several moments before it came time to breathe again.  To attempt it, at any rate.
Renmyr buried his face into the pillow just above Korsten’s shoulder.  “Gods...it’s been too long,” he said, his voice muffled.
“Each time we’re apart feels longer than the last,” Korsten answered into his lover’s shoulder, which he then proceeded to taste.  In Renmyr’s overheated state, the flavor of salt was strong.
“What I wouldn’t give to have you always, every night...even only to sleep.  As it stands, I can’t sleep when I’m with you.  Not even when I’m tired.”
“Perhaps we should drink together...like your family believes we are.”  Korsten let his fingers wander over Renmyr’s back, tracing the firm muscles beneath his lover’s damp skin.  “Then we would pass out before too long.”
“Kor...it’s been a god’s hour...on top of a miserable day.  Drunk or not, we should both be dead to the world.”
“I’ve never felt so alive,” Korsten whispered into his neck.  “Ren...I love you.”
Renmyr squeezed him in his arms for a moment, then slipped away.  He sat up, putting darkness between them.  After an immeasurable span of silence, during which Korsten lay confused and chilled in his absence, Renmyr said, “I’ve never loved anyone as I love you.  It makes me fear...”
“Fear what?”
“Losing you, Kor.  It’s why I don’t want to lose even a moment with you.  Not to sleep...or to anything else.”
Korsten sat up, sliding his hand over Renmyr’s back and up onto his shoulder.  “You aren’t going to lose me, Ren.  And I never want to lose you.  I didn’t mean what I said before.”
“Nor did I,” Renmyr answered softly.  “I should not have said those things, but I cannot help that the panic was real.  You’ve never done that before; stormed away without explanation.  Not even when we’re in the midst of our worst disagreements.”
“Ren, I’m sorry.  It was not my intent to draw panic from you.  I know better than to think you’re doing anything more than acting when you’re cornered by a woman like Calla.  And I know I’m never removed from your thoughts.  Had I been thinking, I would have announced my leaving.”  Korsten leaned forward and kissed his shoulder.  “Please forgive me...heart’s dearest.”
“I’m not angry,” Renmyr said, finding Korsten’s hand in the dark.  “Nor should I be afraid...”
“But you are,” Korsten finished.  “So am I...more so the longer we’re allowed to stay together.  To be close like this.”  He dropped his cheek onto Renmyr’s shoulder.  “How long before we’ve used up whatever luck is with us?”
“Luck?” Renmyr echoed, mildly sarcastic.  “I thought you were a man of logic.”  
“Very well.  Logically speaking, it seems inevitable that we will be discovered...and I can’t allow you to suffer as I did.  Worse, even.  My father is a tenant nobleman, lord over a moderate holding, not governor to a city the size of Haddowyn.  I don’t feel that I truly lost anything at all when I was sent away from Cenily.  Everything that matters to me, I’ve gained here.”  He lifted his face, adding tenderly, “And I’m not speaking of my undeserved position beneath your father.”
Renmyr finally turned back to him and took him in his arms once again and lay him back down.  It was several minutes before they tired at last and each drifted to sleep.

~

Korsten rose into a level of consciousness when Renmyr tenderly caressed his cheek and began speaking to him.  “Dawn is breaking, love.  Time for me to be discovered in rumpled clothes and with a headache in one of the guest bedrooms.”
“Yes,” Korsten murmured sleepily, unconsciously turning his face away from contact.  “Go...”
He thought he heard Renmyr laugh.  “I think I will keep my initial assessment of your morning hospitality, my dearest.  I’ll stagger down to breakfast at the usual time.  Until then...”  
Korsten vaguely felt the sensation of warm lips touching his own and heard the voice that followed but not the words as he drifted back to sleep.  When he finally opened his eyes, Renmyr was gone.  For how long, he could not say.  Once awake, he stumbled out of bed and about his personal living space, unconcerned with the bath he found prepared for him.  He knew full well that Donnel never appeared on this side of the house an instant before full sunrise, assuming that the master of the residence had been up until all hours studying—which was often legitimate—and sleeping late as a result.  Renmyr always disappeared to one of the guest rooms just before sunrise.  Somehow, no matter how deep into the small hours their lovemaking carried, he never failed to wake himself up in time to escape discovery.  It must have been habit formed of Fand’s waking them with the first sliver of dawn whenever Renmyr dared staying overnight in the past.
“You approve of it?” Korsten recalled asking his uncle not all that long ago.
With an affected frown, Fand had said, “No, I don’t approve of it, but my brother will have you drowned or poisoned without a doubt if I send you back for the very same reason he sent you here.”
“I’m too old to be getting sent back and forth anymore.”
“And you’ve nowhere else to go but back home without money or patrons.  You know that.  Don’t argue with me.  And don’t believe for a moment that there aren’t times when I don’t think that bullheaded relative of mine might not be far from right.  But...if there is something wrong with you, lad, it seems clear to me that it’s incurable and if young Renmyr suffers the same ailment—which is not too far off from love, if anyone cares to ask me—then I’m forced to tolerate it.  Mind you, now, don’t go hurting that boy...and don’t you get yourself hurt, either.  You’re like my own child, bless you, Kor—and you’re damned smart, too.  I’d like you to stay and stay sane, so I’m willing to indulge your peculiarities in exchange for the same diligent work ethics you’ve displayed so far and a bit of discretion.”
Not long after that Fand had blessed them on his dying breath, stating that whatever existed between his nephew and Renmyr was as natural as anything any man and woman under Heaven had ever shared or would ever share.  In his fevered state, Fand proceeded to curse Korsten’s red, red hair, which he’d inherited from his mother, along with her deep eyes and soft mouth.  From his father he’d received the Brierly nose, long and narrow, and nothing to be proud of, Korsten would have believed, except that others seemed to think that it fit nicely on his face.  Before he was done, Fand cursed his nephew’s unmanly beauty as well, stating that it had and would continue to bring him nothing but trouble.  A final lucid moment had him thanking the gods for that trouble, as it had led Korsten to Haddowyn and to him; a childless old man, who counted himself blessed and his brother a fool before finally leaving the mortal world.
Two years later, Korsten still had Renmyr and his sanity, but for how long?  Discretion was one thing, but this level of deception, the stress it put on both of them...there was nothing natural about it.
Korsten was brooding about this over eggs and sausage when Renmyr staggered into the dining room.  He leaned in the door frame for a bit, like one whose equilibrium was off due to exhaustion and a terrible migraine, then found his way to the opposite end of the table, where he dropped into a chair and moaned into one hand.  He was too good at this.  For an instant even Korsten was inclined to sympathize with him.  He decided to play along.  “I told you not to drink so much.”
“And you might tell me not to beat my aching skull against a stone wall,” Renmyr answered grumpily.  “Doesn’t mean I’m going to listen.”
“Breakfast, sir?” Donnel asked the rakish noble.
Renmyr glared at the aging manservant.  “Do I look like I can eat anything, you old fool?”
Donnel glanced at Korsten, who offered a mildly apologetic expression before instructing him to leave with a nod.  The elder stepped back from Renmyr, performed a taut bow at the waist, then marched himself to the kitchen, where he could secretly complain to the cook about his ill treatment.
“Keep that up, my lord, and we’re both going to wind up on the street,” Korsten teased when Donnel was out of earshot.
Renmyr sat slowly forward.  With his head still in his hand, he said, “I dreamt that I was with a beautiful redhead all night.”
Korsten didn’t approve of his early morning risk taking, but said coolly, “You were drunk enough, I imagine she was quite lovely indeed, up until the moment she kicked you out of her stall.”
Renmyr peered at Korsten over the tips of his fingers.  He might have had more to say, but for the interruption provided by the porter.
“Excuse me, sir,” the spindly young man said from the doorway.
“Yes, Markam, what is it?”
“Visitor, sir.”
Korsten exchanged a quick glance with Renmyr.  “Did the individual give a name?”
Markam, just sixteen and relatively new to his position, was putting a maximum effort into his posture.  He said more stiffly than professionally or respectfully, “The gentleman from before, sir.  Master Merran was his name.  He’s come again, sir.”
“Thank you, Markam.  Tell him I’ll be with him shortly.”
“Yes, sir,” the boy said and was gone in the next instant.
Renmyr didn’t say anything right away, so Korsten did.  “Persistent fellow, isn’t he?”
“For all of this effort,” Renmyr replied testily.  “There had better be a demon stalking the streets.”
“Ren...”
In the next moment, Renmyr stood and stalked off, headed no doubt for the parlor.  Korsten sighed quietly and followed suit.
Merran was indeed persistent, becoming impatient.  He was standing this time rather than sitting and he looked noticeably urgent, eager about something.  It wasn’t in his movement or mannerisms or even in his expression really.  It was in his eyes, behind them.  Something was direly amiss.
“Well, Master Merran,” Korsten said civilly as he and Renmyr entered the parlor.  “It seems as if your persistence has paid off.  Allow me to introduce you to Lord Renmyr Camirey.”
The two just stared at each other for several moments.  There was an instant, unexplained mutual disliking there, as if old enemies had been reunited after years of warring at a distance.  It didn’t make any sense and Korsten was on the verge of interceding verbally when Merran looked at him and said, “I appreciate this gesture, but I must meet with the presiding head of the ruling household.  Come with me and I will show you why.”

~

Korsten didn’t know precisely what he expected to be shown at the edge of the southern woods, but he knew it wouldn’t be anything pleasant.  He found himself grimacing ahead of time as he rode beside Renmyr and behind the black-clad Merran.  He was glad Renmyr had come, though he looked angry, distrusting of this peculiar visitor to Haddowyn.  Korsten thought that he shared his sentiments, but there was something about Merran that made him curious, as if he was belatedly experiencing that same feeling the self-professed mage claimed to have felt upon their first meeting.  They had never met before, he was sure of it.  But why did he feel like he should know him?  It wasn’t anything that Renmyr had to be concerned about, of course, but it was unsettling all the same.  He’d like for this strange business to be over with, sooner rather than later.
“What exactly is it you plan to show us?” Renmyr finally asked.  He was demanding again.  He had a helpless way of doing that.  It was in his blood.
Merran didn’t so much as glance back at him.  He said simply, “Proof.”
“If it’s another body,” Korsten decided to say.  “Perhaps you ought to have brought Constable Hedren.  This isn’t really my-”
“I seek an audience with Lord Camirey,” Merran reminded, hinting impatience.  “Shall I go directly up to the manor?”
“I wouldn’t recommend it,” Renmyr answered darkly.
“Then I shall have to convince you that there is truth to my claim and importance to my cause.”
“You mean hunting demons,” Renmyr said, just short of mockingly.
“Yes,” Merran replied without hesitation.  “The mages at the Seminary have been devoted to the task, to keeping the Vadryn’s numbers under control, for hundreds of years.”
“At what point were they resurrected from their bloody deaths?” Renmyr asked directly.  “Or is there another Vassenleigh in Edrinor that was afflicted by Crimson Plague nearly a hundred years or so ago?”
Korsten chided Renmyr with a glance, but otherwise listened to Merran’s response.
“Would it comfort you to know that in some regions Crimson Plague was also a way at explaining away what men didn’t want to believe?”
“What do you mean?” Renmyr snapped, fast growing impatient with this character.
When Merran said nothing, Korsten offered what explanation he could.  “Crimson Plague earned its title by the way it induced excessive and incessant bleeding in its victims.  A severe skin rash led to sores on the flesh that would come open and bleed profusely, often causing the victims to bleed to death.  But not before fever and madness took them, causing them to rise out of their deathbeds and attack whomever or whatever was in the room with them.  They behaved often as if they were possessed by devils.  Would you be trying to say, Master Merran, that they were?”
“They weren’t possessed by devils,” the man replied and there was suddenly some hope for his sanity.  However, his next words dashed that hope and all of Renmyr’s patience as well.  “They were victims of the Vadryn, a large number of them.  An army, you could call it.”
“A lie, I choose to call it,” Renmyr retorted.  He pressed his mount close to Merran’s large white beast and took him roughly by the arm.  “What are you doing in Haddowyn?  What do you really want with my father, you…”
Renmyr’s anger faltered.  His grip on Merran slackened and the man slipped easily away, taking his mount only a few paces more before stopping beside a sight grisly enough to make Korsten cover his nose and mouth immediately.
The body appeared a man’s.  An elderly man’s perhaps, the hair that wasn’t dyed with blood appeared mostly gray.  His throat and much of his chest had been torn open, as if some wild and particularly powerful beast had leapt out of the woods at him and taken him fiercely to the ground.  His eyes were still open in shock, his jaw slack and stained with his own blood.  The state of the victim seemed to absolve Merran of any guilt.  Surely, no man could have done something like this.  Perhaps he could have trained a beast to do it, a large dog, but why would he?
“Wolves could have done this,” Renmyr suggested, his thoughts evidently in sync with Korsten’s.  He halted a fair distance from the grotesque example of death splayed before them, glaring at Merran, who diligently ignored him.
Korsten drew a glance from Renmyr as he reined in beside his lover’s horse and dismounted.  Trusting his own well-behaved Teah not to panic or bolt after taking in the stench of blood and whatever elements keen to only an animal’s faculties remained in the air, Korsten stroked the mare’s neck soothingly one time and otherwise let her be.  He took careful steps toward the corpse, once again bringing his hand to his face.  The scholar in him enabled him to look upon the body with a critical eye, at least for a moment.  He was no physician, but he knew enough to know that no blade or human hand had done this to the old man, whose face, now that he looked at it up close, appeared as a gruesome caricature of Areld Rolce.
“Seryline’s father,” Korsten announced, biting back bile as it threatened to rise.  “He...must have come looking for her.  He’s wearing his sword, but it doesn’t look as if he had time to draw it.”
“The Vadryn are quick,” Merran offered.  “But more than likely the demon responsible for this held him enthrall.  Less trouble for the human body it will have chosen to wear.”
Renmyr snorted derisively.
Korsten looked back at him, more for the purpose of escaping some of the foul air and scenery than to admonish.  He found solace and security in Renmyr’s returned gaze and even though he had not been seeking comfort, he held onto it while speaking to Merran.  “A human body?  Are you suggesting that a man did in fact kill Areld and that animals have since ravaged the body?”
“Your hearing is disturbingly limited for a scholar,” Merran said, drawing Korsten’s gaze and Renmyr’s glare.  “The Vadryn did this.  If there is no one else missing from your town, then it latched onto the soul of a wanderer, or perhaps someone no one would notice disappearing frequently or acting strangely.  With that soul, in that body, it will continue to feed…to kill, until it is stopped.”
“How?” Korsten asked dubiously.  “By killing the poor soul it’s latched onto?”
Merran’s unnaturally blue eyes regarded him far too seriously.  “It must be ousted from the body, pried from the soul it presently clings to.  Preferably while the possessed still lives.  Killing the individual supplies the Vadryn with a last meal, so to speak.  It ingests the life as it is extinguished, providing itself very potent nourishment and a last surge of strength.  It becomes that much harder to destroy.  Escape means the taking of another soul.”
“This is fool’s talk,” Renmyr decided.  “Korsten, tell me you are not seriously listening to this twaddle.”
Korsten was scarcely given the chance to glance at Renmyr as Merran continued.
“These woods are not sparse, not deprived of sufficient prey for its predators.  Wolves do not attack a man unless starving and they are not habitual scavengers.  Wolves did not do this, not before or after the man’s death.”
Korsten glanced down at the body of Areld Rolce, considering the logic in spite of himself and Renmyr.  He looked again, sure that he saw the old man’s pale eyes blink.  Impossible, Korsten dismissed, feeling more than a little puerile.  He’s…
Areld Rolce bolted suddenly upright.  Then, quicker than he ever had been in life, he lunged at Korsten, latching onto his leg with both hands and pulling him off balance.  Korsten fell on his tailbone, gasping more from utter shock than from pain, though a strong jolt of it attacked his spine upon impact.  His rational mind kept insisting that this wasn’t happening and that therefore there was no pain.  That didn’t stop Areld from trying to inflict it, however.
The elder’s eyes were wild, devoid of all reason and sanity.  He clawed up Korsten’s leg with unnatural strength, digging his fingers through clothing and into flesh.  His bloodied jaw hung open, revealing teeth longer and sharper than they should have been.
Instinctively, Korsten began to kick, causing Areld’s shoulder to jerk and his head to snap briefly back, but otherwise utterly failing to stop his progress.  It took him several instants of pure terror to realize the efforts of others to assist him.  Renmyr grabbed him under the arms and hoisted him up and back while Merran drew a slender blade from beneath the folds of his black coat and sliced off the head and then the arms as the dead man continued to grope at his victim.
Korsten was still kicking, trying now to shake one of the severed hands off his boot.  The other had fallen off on its own.  “Gods, get it off me!” he shrieked helplessly, too sickened and terrified to be ashamed of the near womanly tone his voice had taken.
Renmyr lowered him just enough to reach forward and bat the partial limb away.  Korsten clutched at him with a desperation almost equal to the suddenly animated corpse Areld had become and when Renmyr settled back he curled into him and heedlessly leaned against his shoulder.  Renmyr didn’t stop him, but continued to support him and even caressed his hair with a comforting hand.
“I heard screams,” someone said and Korsten stiffened.  His panicked breaths froze in his throat and he drew slowly back from Renmyr, folding into himself and looking at the ground instead of at Hedren, whose sudden speechless state may have been attributed to more than Areld’s freshly slain corpse.

~

The ride back to the house had been unbearable, both physically and emotionally for Korsten, who realized as the terror wore off that Areld, or whatever he had become, had done damage in his mindless attack.  At the stable he practically fell off of Teah.  Hedren made a point of assisting him to the house, almost ordering Renmyr away, then practically flung him into Donnel’s care as they entered through the kitchen.  Korsten squeezed his eyes shut against helplessly forming tears and allowed his servant to guide him to the dining room table, away from the crowded kitchen, made claustrophobic with the addition of so many riled bodies.
“Milord Kor, are ye all right?” Penna called after him after overcoming her initial shock at seeing all of them piling into her kitchen.
“No, he damned well isn’t,” Hedren said acidly, sounding far more angry than concerned, perhaps disgusted as well.  “Get back to your dishes, woman, and stay out of our way!”
“Well!” Penna huffed.  And she might have conked the suddenly churlish constable with the skillet presently in hand if Renmyr had not stopped to console her with assurances that Korsten would be fine.  
That wasn’t like Renmyr.  Everyone was acting strangely, and Korsten felt like it was his blame.  He didn’t have to get so near to Areld.  He didn’t have to panic.  Korsten sank into a graceless heap of self-blame and irritably refused Donnel’s further attempts to assist him.
It was then that Merran knelt in front of him while Hedren began to pace and Renmyr still hadn’t come out of the kitchen.  He used the fingertips of one hand to prod Korsten’s knee, which felt not only swollen, but severely burned as well, and with the other drew a smaller blade than the one that had cleanly dismembered Areld...or his monstrous counterpart.  “I have to expose the wound to properly heal it,” he informed while his patient hissed in reaction to the pain.  
“Fine,” Korsten permitted irritably, wondering what the man imagined anyone could have done without exposing the wound.
Merran saw to his task quietly and efficiently.  Korsten was glad to have an excuse to look away from the nasty, purplish scratches marring his pale flesh just below the knee when Hedren began to bark at him.
“This is just splendid, isn’t it?” the constable said with a glare that reminded Korsten too easily of Sethaniel Brierly after discovering just why his sixteen-year-old son wasn’t going to marry his closest colleague’s daughter.  “People getting murdered in the woods, then getting up in broad daylight with half their insides hanging out of them!  Clawing at people like ravening animals!  I can’t tell you that I know what I saw...” He fixed Korsten, who was sufficiently disarmed by the nature of his tirade, with a frustrated scowl, then lowered his voice to almost a hiss.  “But I know it shouldn’t be!”
“I didn’t think you saw the whole thing,” Renmyr said, finally coming into the dining room with a bottle of wine and a glass, seeming not at all concerned that the constable might have discovered them; him and Korsten, together.
“I saw it,” Hedren answered crossly.  “Didn’t want to believe it, so I pretended I didn’t.  But I’ve been thinking about it since we started back here.  Makes me sick.  Makes me wonder if I haven’t gone mad, but that—well, I don’t give a lame pony’s ass what he saw!”  He jerked a finger at Merran.  “But you saw it, Renmyr.  And you, Korsten.  I heard you shouting clear enough.  Pretty damned sure I didn’t imagine that.”
Korsten wondered what else the constable was implying with that last statement, then winced and almost cried out again as fresh pain lanced under his skin.  “What are you doing?” he demanded, watching in horror as Merran used the tip of his knife to make tiny slices over the already damaged flesh.
Merran was scarcely distracted from his meticulous efforts.  “The creature left fragments of itself beneath the skin.  They must come out, else you’ll become infected as well.”
“Fragments?” Korsten muttered, accepting the glass of wine Renmyr handed to him.  He swallowed a large portion of it without even thinking.  The numbing warmth of the alcohol began to move through his body, but didn’t have as much effect on the pain as he’d hoped.
“What had you in the woods this morning, Constable?” Renmyr asked while Korsten stared morbidly at the operation being done to his leg.
“Areld’s wife came to me,” Hedren answered.  “Said he’d gone hunting last night—hunting for Seryline’s killer, without doubt—and that he hadn’t come back.  I went to look for him.  I suppose I would have been smarter to go straight to you, eh, Master Merran?”
Merran didn’t answer.  He plucked a sliver of something from one of the freshly bleeding scratches on Korsten’s leg.  It appeared slightly larger than a fingernail filing and very much like it came from a fingernail.  Areld’s fingernail...a dead man.  Korsten thought he was going to be ill.  He drank the rest of the wine and held the glass out for more.  Renmyr helpfully refilled it.
“Infected?” Hedren finally inquired, running his hand over his jaw, which was cleanly shaven.  He was a neat and efficient individual, often mistaken for imperious, though Korsten had always found him to be cooperative and something close to friendly, up until this moment.  “You mean the deputy would die on us, then get up in the night and try to make a feast out of his servants?”
“I wouldn’t,” Korsten said, regardless of what he’d just witnessed in the southern woods.
Hedren wasn’t listening.  “Something so small, embedded in a cut could do something like that.  Make a lunatic out of a man.  Make him a killer?”
“One of the Vadryn,” Merran insisted, setting aside his knife after wiping the blade on a kitchen rag Donnel had brought to him.  “A demon.  A walking contagion.”  He held his hand up to Korsten’s leg without touching him.  Somehow light concentrated on his palm more than anywhere else in the room.  It intensified, showing through the back of his hand, revealing a previously unnoticed mark.  It was no birthmark.  It looked like a tattoo, depicting a series of concentric circles, joined by a peculiar interlacing of finer lines, almost like writing of some kind.  He spoke while moving his—glowing?—hand over Korsten’s wounds, making certain to include all of them in his unexplained ritual.  “The Vadryn feed off of the souls they are not interested in inhabiting or dominating.  The remains of the victims become infected.  A baser interpretation of the Vadryn is created.  It shares the same hunger and seeks victims of its own, creating more demons when it chooses of the living.  Lesser demons.  They become true Vadryn when the corpse has gone its span and completely rotted away beyond use.  The body may be useless, but the tainted soul remains.  Freed of its former vessel, it seeks a new one.  A soul to enslave within a living body, one that it may wear for many decades, sometimes centuries, if it is particularly powerful and particularly careful.”
Before his eyes, Korsten’s flesh mended itself.  The blood remained, but the pain and the ugly wounds were gone without so much as a pink line to show they’d ever been.  Korsten had no reasonable idea at the moment what to say.  He stared at his leg, mended and unmarred, bewildered and more than a little relieved.  Merran withdrew his hand.  The light and also the mark upon the back of his hand faded.
The mage—and it seemed in evidence now that he was one—gave his azure gaze to Korsten and said soberly, “You would not have died, not in body.  But your spirit would have been corrupted.”  He added firmly.  “Never let the Vadryn draw blood from you.  Not while you have a soul riding its current.”
“If I didn’t have a soul mingling with my life fluid, I suppose I wouldn’t care, would I?” Korsten replied, unable to say what should have been said.  He was embarrassed for the way he’d acted before, no matter how logical it may have seemed at the time.
Merran stood and began wiping his slightly bloodied hands on a small cloth he’d plucked from his coat pocket.  “Now, may I have an audience with Lord Camirey?”
“I’ll take you to him myself,” Renmyr volunteered before Korsten could say anything.  “Whatever is going on, be it a demon or a madman, my father will want to know about it.”  He set the wine bottle on the table and started back for the kitchen to leave the way they’d come.  He turned back at the doorway, looking at Korsten.  “Coming, Kor?”
“I...think I’ve probably endured enough for one day,” Korsten replied, still feeling a bit shaken by the morning’s ordeal.  “It’s a long ride to the manor and I’m hardly presentable just at the moment.  Send for me, if I’m needed.  I’ll be here.”
Renmyr accepted his decision with a nod, then gave his silver gaze to Hedren, who was still staring at Korsten’s mended leg.  “Constable?”
Hedren tore his gaze from Korsten.  He turned slowly and followed Renmyr and Merran out.
Korsten slumped back in his chair and sipped from his glass before setting it aside.  He ran both hands over his face and through his hair, then lowered them into his lap and didn’t move for several moments.  He knows.  Father of the gods, he saw the way I was clutching Ren.  And the way Ren was holding me...he must know.  If he finds the opportunity to take Renmyr’s father aside, he’s liable to say something of his suspicions and then what?  After tales of demons at his doorstep Ithan won’t take it well at all, not even the suggestion, if Hedren doesn’t speak his mind outright.  At best Hedren will be dismissed for being the bearer of bad news and before he’ll suffer alone he’ll propagate enough rumors against me that I’ll be run out of town by a torch-bearing mob.  Gods, what I wouldn’t give sometimes to have been smothered at birth.
“Sir?  I beg your pardon, but are you sure you’re all right?”
Korsten smiled wearily but also appreciatively up at Donnel, startling the elder a bit.  He was often nothing more than civil to those who served him.  Like with Renmyr, arrogance was part of his breeding and upbringing.  It was only at times like this, after being shaken to the bone that he could recognize that and regret it.  “I’m fine now,” he said in a tone that he felt was kinder.  “Thank you.”
“Can I get you anything?” Donnel asked next, wearing a frown of concern behind his white mustache.  When Korsten shook his head, he added, “Hadn’t you at least better clean yourself up and change into fresh clothes?  They might be needing your presence up at the manor later on.”
Korsten looked down at his shredded, blood-stained pant leg.  He grimaced freshly at the sight of himself and the reminder of what had taken place in the woods.  “I think a bath is in order.  A long, hot bath.”
“I’ll see to it at once, milord,” Donnel promised and he left.
“Milord,” came a different voice, immediately following Donnel’s.
Korsten smiled at the young man Donnel had hired to replace the previous porter four months ago.  He felt that the elder had made an excellent decision, in spite of the new porter’s adolescent awkwardness.  In some ways he reminded Korsten of himself much younger.  He wasn’t particularly girlish, like Korsten had been accused of being near the same age, but he was slight and had evidently reached his adult height early.  “Yes, Markam?  What is it?”
From the dining room doorway, the boy asked, “Is it all right if I come in, sir?”
“Of course,” Korsten replied.  “You can roam about most of the house freely when you’re not at your post, you know.”
The lad entered the dining room almost shyly, watching his feet and mumbling words that sounded like, “S’right, sir.  Ye tol’ me s’much.”
Korsten sighed quietly, secretly peeved.  Embarrassment and dreadful grammar went hand-in-hand with Markam.  The instructor in him emerged reflexively.  “Markam,” he said directly.  When the boy looked up at him, he added, “‘That’s right, sir.  You told me as much.’  Slurred speech is nothing the guests or I want to hear.”
Markam nodded respectfully, if not somewhat remorsefully, his face falling again.  “Yes, sir.”
“Now, what’s on your mind?”
The youth lifted his gaze from the floor.  He had very pretty green eyes.  The face they peered out of was nearly pretty in itself, except for an exceptionally rebellious chin and freckles that would fade with age if he was lucky.  After a few moments of staring at Korsten, as if he’d forgotten what he wanted to say, Markam blurted, “Are you hurt?”
They both looked at his blood-stained knee at the same time.  Korsten laughed lightly, unable to believe he could make light of the circumstances that had caused him to be in such a disorderly state.  “I thought I was, but the strange gentleman that was just here assured me I’m not.  I guess I won’t dwell on it.”
“No, sir,” Markam said and Korsten looked up to see him still staring at the blood and shredded fabric.
Korsten smiled a little.  “You shouldn’t, either.”
The boy started, came out of his trance, then laughed carefully.  “Yes, sir.”  His gaze flickered down once again.
“All right,” Korsten decided good-naturedly.  “I think I’ve made enough of a spectacle of myself.  I’m sure you’d be much more comfortable on the bench in the foyer than standing here gawking like that.”
Markam took the hint and carried himself back to his post, presumably satisfied with the dosage of gore most very young men seemed to have a taste for.  It was something Korsten had never appreciated.  In fact, it tended to make him ill.  Feeling somewhat faint now, he sat slowly forward.  Cradling his head in both hands, he hovered at the edge of his seat for a moment, then lifted himself up, marveled at the lack of pain in his previously injured leg, and abandoned the dining room.  He would feel better after a bath.



CHAPTER THREE

Clean, warm water felt marvelous on his skin, all of which appeared to be as in place as it ever had been.  Not a trace of a scar remained after Merran’s peculiar healing ritual.  Korsten sometimes hated to admit it, but he was vain.  He liked to be perfect, as perfect as he could be anyway.  There was no curing his leanness.  What muscle he had managed to develop through riding and fencing was scarcely noticeable, except that his skin didn’t appear as if it was clinging directly to his bones, like it had when he was a child.  Perhaps he would have looked awkward anyway with a strong, athletic frame like Renmyr’s.  They were the same height, but Korsten had a naturally delicate build, small-boned as he happened to be.  He doubted he could even accumulate fat if he’d wanted to, let alone muscle.
Father’s right.  I’m piteously skinny.  And shouldn’t that be the least of my worries?
Korsten sighed, then raised himself out of his bath.  He toweled off, then robed himself, and walked to his bedroom.  He stopped at one of two large windows on the east wall, pulled aside the drapes, and looked out at the street below.  No mobs so far.  Perhaps Hedren didn’t suspect anything after all.  Maybe he’d been too shocked by what had happened with Areld to notice the deputy to the governor cringing like a girl half his age in another man’s arms.
Frowning delicately, Korsten let the drapes fall back into place and stalked away from the window, toward the wide bed.  He lowered onto the edge of the mattress and glanced disinterestedly at the clothes Donnel had set out for him.  He wanted to sleep more than anything.  The gods knew he’d gotten precious little sleep last night.  Being attacked by a dead man was more than he was prepared to suffer consciously, or calmly, as he’d already proved.
Gods, I must have looked like such an ass, even to Ren.
Korsten flopped back on his bed, staring miserably up at the timbered ceiling high overhead.  We’d better not see each other for a few days, Ren.  Best to let Hedren forget what we both know he saw, even if it didn’t register at the time.  We have Merran’s demons to occupy us now besides, don’t we?  That was real, wasn’t it?  I wish I knew.  I wish to Heaven I knew more than I do now.  If Merran is telling the truth...if this is in fact real...someone else is probably going to die.  Some poor, unsuspecting soul...
Korsten bolted upright, a tide of fresh worry breaking over him.  “Donnel!”  He didn’t get an answer straight away, so he left his bed and rushed to the door, opening it, just as the elder was reaching for it.  They gave each other a mild start.  Korsten forced himself to recover first.  “Donnel, where’s Markam?  This is his evening off, isn’t it?  You didn’t give him leave yet, did you?”
He was asking the questions faster than Donnel could answer them.  The elder tried anyway.  “Well, he…yes…I believe—no, sir, but-”
Relief had Korsten practically falling forward, into the elder.  He dropped his hand onto his arm.  “Thank Heaven.  Don’t let him go tonight.”
“Don’t let him…”
“At least tell him to stay out of the woods.  I know he likes to ride, but not tonight.  Tell him not tonight.”
Though evidently confused, Donnel nodded obediently.  “Very well, milord.  Is there anything else I can do?
Korsten lifted his hand from the elder’s sleeve when he realized he was clutching it.  “No, Donnel.  That’s all.  Thank you.”
Donnel started to leave, stopping a few steps away.  “Oh, yes.  The Lady Adaleigh Vausen will arrive this evening.”
Korsten frowned, genuinely puzzled.  “She will?”
Donnel smiled with patience and respect, though there may have been something slightly coy in his voice.  “Her history lesson, sir.  Surely, you have not forgotten it.”
Yes, actually.  Korsten shook his head.  “No.  Of course not.  Thank you, Donnel.”
“You’re welcome, sir.”
Korsten closed himself back into his room and groaned when he was sure Donnel couldn’t hear him.  After the morning he’d put himself through, this was the very last thing he needed.  This particular nobleman’s daughter was as persistent as a feline in heat.  After six months of lessons she hadn’t learned a blessed thing except that she wanted into her tutor’s breeches.  And everyone else in Haddowyn was sure she’d been there on a number of occasions.  She’d been in someone’s breeches.  There was no question there.  Korsten was sure there was nothing innocent about her and who was going to be blamed if she got herself with child?  Korsten Brierly, the sly lecher, of course.  He could well imagine how colorful that tavern talk Renmyr had been referring to actually was.  And how far from the truth.
What I won’t endure for you, Ren.

~

Sixteen...
She didn’t look sixteen.  Adaleigh Vausen looked arguably eighteen and quite wise to the world, though not terribly intelligent.  She may have had potential, if her father had had the presence of mind to parcel her off to a cloister years ago.  In the presence of Haddowyn’s large population of unmarried young men, however, there was only one topic she wanted to further her education in.  And in that particular field, Korsten was determined not to be her instructor.  If only his determination was as strong a thing as the will of a lustful young woman used to getting her own way.
“Penna told me you were hurt,” Adaleigh mentioned, speaking over the lesson Korsten had delved straight into, and with absolutely no compunctions, not even a ‘beg pardon’ for the interruption.
Korsten had her sitting at the end of the recently cleared, somewhat tidied library table and was currently pacing a route that lingered behind her chair, out of her line of sight, with a large book cradled in his arms.  Even though she knew nothing of manners, he managed to say politely, “It was nothing.  I’m quite all right now.”
“But what happened?”  Adaleigh was inclined to twist around in her seat to look at him until he stalked to the table and tapped the blank journal in front of her.  She reluctantly picked up her pen.  “Won’t you tell me, Korsten?  I’ve been worried sick.”
She’d been in his library for less than an hour and about as far from worried as a piglet from bacon.  “I assure you that I am in top health.  Now, as I was saying…”
The hand she didn’t need for writing drifted toward Korsten and lightly touched his leg, just above the knee.  “Penna said something scratched you.  Is this where?”
Less startled by eager young women than ravenous corpses, Korsten calmly stepped away.  “No, Adaleigh.  And it is nothing for you to be concerned with.  Now, your father...”
“She said it was a dreadful beast of some kind,” the exceptionally mature girl persisted, forming a pout with her full lips and making a point of brushing imaginary lint away from her bosom, which crested immodestly from the low neckline of her blouse.  She was the same as Calla, except that her father had a fortune and her blouse was clean.  “I simply cannot concentrate on lessons, knowing that you’ve been victimized.”
Victimized?  Korsten sighed, wishing Penna didn’t talk quite so much.  She was probably the reason rumors of his habits where pretty female students were involved had gotten started to begin with.  He should have abandoned his role as a teacher after Fand’s death and the subsequent appointment to his position under the governor.  But he did happen to have students other than young women and even some young women who were interested in learning something besides how knowledgeable their instructor might be in bed.  Girls like Adaleigh would probably be monumentally disappointed anyway, once they found out how unable to demonstrate Korsten happened to be with a female partner.  He’d tried bedding the opposite sex when much younger and not quite certain about his feelings and how they tended toward other males.  He’d done nothing but embarrass and frustrate both himself and the girl.  He didn’t doubt that it would be the same now.
Renmyr, on the other hand, Korsten knew had been with women, before and after they became lovers.  It wasn’t as convenient for him to pretend as it was for Korsten, who had a private library and a gossiping cook to make the situation seem what it wasn’t.  Renmyr’s own prim and respectable mother would have wondered about him if he refused every offer to be led to a room above Brenwick’s tavern by a woman like Calla.  And if nothing ever happened, everyone in Haddowyn would know and suspect their potential future governor was either unable or uninterested.  Renmyr did what he felt he had to and hopefully didn’t enjoy it too much and when Korsten accused him of siring illegitimate children, he was regrettably accurate.  It didn’t much matter to anyone other than Korsten.  Bedding women and planting his seeds in them was Renmyr’s duty as a member of the governing house, or so most in Haddowyn believed.  So, there were an unnumbered amount of sons and daughters of the man he loved wandering about the city, possibly living on the same street as him and he despised it.  It wasn’t that Korsten despised children—quite the opposite—but he hated to be reminded that society forced him to share his lover, which brought him back to the matter at hand.
“Adaleigh,” he sighed.  “Your father is not going to be pleased when he sees that you’ve made no…” He stopped himself and decided to say, “That you’ve shown no improvement.”
The young lady’s bottom lip stuck out even farther and she suddenly threw down her pen.  “Oh, this isn’t going to work!” she blurted and she was…could she have been blinking back tears?
“What’s not going to work?” Korsten asked, hazarding to play dense, sensing more frustration from her than genuine upset.
“I told Father this wouldn’t work, no matter how badly he or I wanted it to.”
Oh, not again.
Adaleigh frowned up at him.  “You’re in love with someone else, aren’t you?”
Korsten decided to implement some tasteful caution now.  “Well, I…”
“Admit it!  I’m sick of this game!  I can’t bear it any longer.  You tell me who you’re planning to marry and you tell me at once, Korsten Brierly, so that I can tell my father and we can finally be done with this nonsense!”
“Adaleigh,” he said in his most soothing tone, which was probably not the best idea, as it had a tendency to make susceptible young woman feel faint.  “I’m not planning to marry anyone.  And, in spite of what you may have heard, I’m not operating a private brothel, either.  I’m happy alone,” he lied.  In the silence that followed he watched her delicate brow rise slowly and her frown disappear, then gave his attention back to the book he was still holding.  “Now, where…”
The book suddenly leapt out of his hands, which were unoccupied for less than an instant as Adaleigh dashed into his helplessly open arms and started immediately kissing him.  Her eagerness was distressing and overwhelming.  His attempts to either push her back or slip away were countered by her effortless enthusiasm.
“Oh...Korsten,” she said between kisses that landed wherever they may.  “You poor...wounded...darling!”
“Adaleigh, please!”  Finally, he managed to get firm hold of her and push her back, though she fought with a smile and kept her hands clasped behind his neck.  “I-”
“Forget that evil woman who’s hurt you, my love.  Let me heal you.”
“I don’t need to be healed.  I-”
Adaleigh remained merrily deaf to his protests and leaned into him again, managing somehow to occupy his mouth, even as he tried to speak.  He didn’t want to hurt her, but he couldn’t allow this.
Voices in the corridor beyond the library stirred a brief rise of panic.  Had Renmyr come back?  He recognized his servant and when the other man raised his voice at Donnel, Korsten knew who it was with the elder and he relaxed, mentally as well as physically.  He encircled his arms about Adaleigh’s narrow waist and caught her next kiss instead of trying to escape it.  He transformed the caress from quick and desperate to slow and passionate and felt the girl melting into him.
The door burst open.  “Don’t tell me the man’s busy, you old goat!  This is ur…”
Hedren’s sentence broke off like an autumn twig underfoot.  Korsten deliberately finished kissing the young lady in his arms, who was too spellbound to even notice they’d been intruded upon, and broke away gradually.  Adaleigh, staring dazedly up at him, eventually realized that they had company and took a self-conscious step away from her instructor.  She touched the back of her hand lightly to her lips while her cheeks reddened noticeably.
Looking at Hedren, Korsten said to Adaleigh, “I think that’s enough for today, Miss Vausen.  Have Willen escort you directly home, please.  It’s gotten late.”
Adaleigh promised to abide instructions that had likely already been given to the coachman waiting for her and politely said her good-byes, then escorted herself to the door, where she was ushered into the hall by Donnel.
Hedren briskly shut the door after them, then proceeded to glare at Korsten.  At length, he said, “You, sir, are an indecent, immoral bastard, who makes me damned glad not to have any daughters!”
What about sons?  He kept that question to himself.
Korsten chanced a smile, as if he’d rather enjoyed being discovered in the act of seducing one of his trusting young students.  He didn’t quite know what to say, however, and so gave Hedren leave to berate and lecture him further.
It was nothing less than alarming when the constable sighed weightily and then chuckled.  “By the gods, but you had me wondering for a moment there.”
“Did I?” Korsten asked, feigning innocence, filling with relief.
Hedren stepped further into the room.  He glanced over his shoulder surreptitiously, then said, “I know you have to put up with that highhanded, witless clod for sake of your position under Lord Camirey, but the lengths you go to, Korsten!  I can tell you I’d never…you just be careful how far you play this.  Remember, confounded as the young brute may be, he’s about twice your size when it comes to brawn.  Gods help you, if he catches on.”
Korsten was too shocked to think coherently.  He said, not quite lamely, “Well, you know I like to...take risks.”
Hedren laughed and jabbed him with his elbow.  “With the young ladies, that’s understandable.  I’m not so sure it’s a bright idea to tease His Lordship, though.  I can see him getting ideas about a man like you, but to see you leading him on like you were this morning, playing helpless...” His voice tapered into amused laughter while Korsten wanted to cry.  Was that what it looked like?  He had half a mind to tell the constable just how he felt and how he wasn’t ‘playing helpless’ that morning, but he decided it best not to cast aside an ally, however unnerving and offensive they’d suddenly come to be.
“Well, I wouldn’t say that I was...leading him on,” Korsten replied while calmly organizing the arrangement of books, parchment, and candles atop the library table.  “To be honest, I wasn’t even sure…”
“He is,” Hedren assured stooping to collect the book Adaleigh had tossed onto the floor in her crazed advance.  He stood and handed the item to Korsten.  They each held it for a moment while the constable finished his statement.  “I’ve known about his...illness for years, but it’s not my place to say anything so long as I still want a place in the governor’s ranks.”
“What makes you so positive?” Korsten had to ask, beginning to feel ill himself.
A foreign animosity came to the older man’s features, an expression and a genuine feeling that was quite unexpected.  “I wouldn’t trust this to many, but I’ll tell you, Kor.  Ithan’s soon-to-be heir-apparent was set on my eldest boy a few years back. I’d rather not give the details of just how I learned of it.  I know Loel’s not the most strapping lad in Haddowyn.  More a slim, studious fellow, like yourself, but that doesn’t mean...”
“Yes, I’ve met him,” Korsten replied, slowly overcoming his shock.  He finished taking the book from Hedren and turned to deposit it with others on the table.  As the thought came to him, he added, “Not more than a few times, though.  I didn’t want to impose, so I haven’t asked it before, but is he ill?”
“Aye.  Same condition as Edmore, I think.  Weak, listless.  There were day’s I couldn’t drag him out of his bed.  After having a physician look him over and declare him officially unwell I stopped trying.”
Korsten looked back at him, concerned.  “Hedren, you never said anything about this.”
The constable found a better focus in the book Korsten had just placed on the table.  He offered a slight shake of his head, then said, “He has his strong days yet.  He’s not as bad off as Edmore.”
Korsten recalled the manner in which Hedren referred to Renmyr and asked, “It’s gotten worse?”
Hedren met his gaze again and nodded.  “I’ve never seen Ithan so miserable.  Can’t blame him.  Losing a fine son...stuck with...”
Korsten decided not to let the man finish that statement.  “What became of that odd fellow insistent on troubling Lord Camirey, who also saved my life this morning?  Did he get his audience?”
“He got it all right,” Hedren answered.  “And got an order to leave the city, lest he get jailed or hung.  It didn’t matter that Renmyr and I had seen old Areld sit up out of death’s lie and begin clawing at you ourselves.  Ithan was furious—the gods know why—and determined not to hear a word of it.  He scolded Renmyr for being gullible to petty magician’s trickery right in front of us, then told me if I can’t get the murders solved, he’d find someone else who could.  Wise decision you made not to join us, Kor.”
“What did Renmyr do?” Korsten asked, careful not to sound overly concerned.  “After Ithan flew off his head?”  Hedren shrugged as if it were a matter of little significance.  “Gave his father a nasty glare and stormed off.  Just what you’d expect of him.”
Korsten decided he was going to have to find an excuse to visit the manor soon—tomorrow at the latest—to be certain Renmyr wasn’t too upset by all of this.  Had he been there, Korsten might have been able to reason with Ithan.  At least he would have been able to draw the governor’s acid comments away from Renmyr, who was probably brooding someplace at this very moment.  Korsten felt to blame.  He should have gone.  And he shouldn’t have panicked as he did that morning.  I must seem the most pathetic creature in Edrinor, even in Ren’s eyes.  But it isn’t as if a man gets attacked by a dead person every day.  One who’s been torn open, who couldn’t possibly have survived what had been done to him.  Gods, Areld really was dead…he had to be.  And yet he...Father of Heaven, I’m making myself sick thinking about it.  I’ve gone all day ignoring the incident, finding other things to be worried about and now it finally strikes me that Merran is right.  There are still demons left in this world.  And one of them is here, in Haddowyn.
Finally Korsten sighed, recalling why the constable had barged into his library to begin with.  “You said there was an urgent matter, if I heard correctly.”
Hedren nodded.  “It’s Merran.  The man refuses to leave until he’s destroyed this demon he insists we’ve got plaguing us.”
Korsten frowned.  “Where is he now?”
“I’ve got him in the constabulary.”
“He went willingly?”
“Yes.  And I’m not so sure he belongs there.  I came here hoping you’d have some idea as to what should be done.”
Korsten sighed wearily and started for the library door.  “I have no ideas presently, but perhaps our stubborn visitor does.  He’s right, you know.  I didn’t want to believe it at first, but...”
“Right,” Hedren said, following him into the hallway.  “Don’t worry, Kor.  Whatever you decide, I’m behind you.  You’ve got Fand’s sense in you.  You’ll make the sound choice, I have no doubt.”
“Why, thank you, Constable.  I think that’s the most generous thing you’ve said all day.”

~

Korsten didn’t like to go anywhere near the cells at the constabulary if he didn’t absolutely have to.  In his two years of service, no situation had proven to be so great an emergency as to require his presence in the narrow, unclean-feeling passages beyond the front offices.  Now was no different.  Since Merran had yet to prove himself dangerous to innocents, Korsten requested that he be brought to Hedren’s private office.  The moment the man arrived, appearing as calm and non-menacing as ever, Korsten ordered the guard who had escorted him from his cell to unbind his wrists.  When Hedren didn’t argue, his underling didn’t dare and the shackles came off.  The young guard left and the three men remaining stared at one another in uncertain silence.
When it became clear that everyone was waiting for Korsten to speak, he said to Merran, “I’d like to thank you, and apologize for my prior behavior.  You were right.  I wasn’t hearing the truth you were speaking, because I didn’t want to.  And now I’ve experienced that truth in such a way as to never forget it for as long as I live.  And regardless of whatever Lord Camirey may have promised you, there will be no cell or gallows for you so long as I am handling immediate affairs in this city.  Having said that, I feel inclined to warn you that that may not be for long, should my defiance in this matter be discovered.”
Silence resumed.  Merran’s indecently azure eyes went from Korsten to Hedren and then to the weapons lying upon the constable’s desktop.  Korsten looked at the confiscated items as well, a long sleek sword and a short dagger with a thin, double-edged blade.  They were well taken care of, but they didn’t look magical, something again Korsten wouldn’t have been inclined to believe existed before that morning.
Finally, he asked, “Is it typical, I wonder, for a single swipe with a weapon that light to cleanly sever a man’s head from his body?”
“I’ve seen executions in other cities where the executioner’s had trouble with a heavy ax,” Hedren said, drawing a mildly alarmed and wholly disgusted look from Korsten.  He didn’t need to hear that, or the details that followed.  “Three and four strikes sometimes.  The victim screaming the whole while, until…”
“Hedren,” Korsten interrupted with an upheld hand, as if he could physically keep the images the man invoked away from him.  “That’s more than enough, thank you.”
The constable fell quiet with a shrug.  Korsten leaned further back into his seat on the visitor’s side of the constable’s desk—he didn’t particularly enjoy making displays of overriding another man’s authority—hearing the old wood creak in the resumed silence.  Hedren was standing between his own chair and his desk while Merran was seated beside Korsten, in the only other available seat in the small room.  An oil lamp burned in a sconce beside the door and a single candle atop the desk provided a soft orange glow.  The glass window behind Hedren was not draped, providing a view of reflections from within the office upon blackness.  The space seemed close, confined.  Korsten could only imagine what it felt like in one of the cells.
“The blades are endowed,” Merran finally said, still looking at the items.  “Iron by itself is not adequate when the opponent is neither human nor animal.  Iron, in fact, is not particularly useful to me at all.  Silver conducts energies rather well, I’ve found.”
Korsten was sure he meant magical energies, but decided not to press it.  Demons and the Seminary of Magecraft were two entirely different matters.  Korsten had to deal with the demons at present, but he could and would leave the business of mages well enough alone, except to admit that Merran was one.  The precise nature of his capabilities, where he had come from, and just who had sent him were unimportant.
“Well,” Korsten sighed.  “If we’re all in agreement that something has to be done and that Merran, for his knowledge, skill, and ‘endowed’ weapons, has to be the one to do it, I think we should determine just how it’s going to be done.”  He looked at Merran directly.  “Clearly, you can’t expect me to let you stalk the streets with the intent to strike down a man on suspicion of demonic control.  I can’t very well let you barge into anyone’s home with the same intention, either.  To be honest, Merran, it disturbs me to think of anyone in Haddowyn being possessed by some beast of legends and needing to be decapitated by someone whom my superior believes to be nothing more than a hoaxing magician.”
Merran let him finish, regarding him calmly the whole time.  And then he said, “It is not my ambition to kill whomever the Vadryn has possessed.  It is early enough yet into the possession that the individual can be saved.  I was surprised to find that it had killed so quickly after its first victim.  A weaker demon, as this one evidently is, requires a fair amount of rest to establish itself in the host.  It would be particularly interested in discretion if it suspected it was being hunted, which I believe this one does.”
“So, what do you propose?” Korsten asked.  “How can you even tell if a body’s been overtaken by one of the Vadryn?”
“It is not an easy thing,” Merran admitted.  “Even for one who has been trained to detect them.  That’s why we seek aid from local authorities wherever we can.  In fact, we will often request permission to proceed with a hunt if we suspect the demon is hiding in a populated area.  It is a tradition, from the time when Edrinor was a nation under the leadership of a king, rather than the patchwork of land and cities held by isolated lords with isolated concerns that it has become.  In the past and even now, though it may seem moot, the Seminary has not, and does not wish to present itself as an overbearing or threatening entity.  The Vadryn are the threat.  At one time magic seemed the solution, but now it seems little more than a tool, constructing a dam to keep the worst of the flow at bay.”
Korsten watched him speaking.  He suddenly had questions to ask him, too many to be presented here and now, all revolving around the why of his peculiar career.  What did he have to gain in this?  He certainly didn’t look happy.  He didn’t even look satisfied, as one who devoted his life to smiting dark forces might have been.  In fact, this man looked very lonely and unfulfilled.
“The Vadryn,” Merran continued, innocent of Korsten’s thoughts.  “Have a habit of fouling the very air around them.  Where one resides or lingers you can be assured of witnessing illness, lethargy, and depression.  Oftentimes the demon will select a hospital or a household where a member is already ill in order to better conceal its presence.  The changes in the health of those who are already unwell are not dramatic, but the individuals often cease to show any progress toward recovery at all.  Since the Vadryn and thereby the bodies they inhabit are not susceptible to disease as humans understand it, these sickly individuals are often who they choose to dominate.  To feed off of in small, non-lethal amounts.  The victim is slowly sapped of his vitality and becomes highly susceptible to the will of the demon, useful in more ways than simply providing sustenance.”
Korsten and Hedren looked at each other, their thoughts in sync.  It was Hedren who spoke, since Korsten found himself momentarily unable to do so.
“There’s been a peculiar illness in Haddowyn, not affecting too many, not killing anyone, at least it hasn’t yet.  But it’s been around for years.”
Merran lifted his gaze to meet the constable’s.  “What are the symptoms?”
“Listlessness,” Korsten answered, finding his voice again.  “Depression.  It’s had a firm grip on Lord Camirey’s eldest for two years now.  Physicians can’t say positively what’s wrong with him.”
“My own son suffers similarly,” Hedren put in.  “It’s been not quite two years since I noticed the changes in him.”
Merran took a moment to think.  Eventually, he raked a hand through his dark hair and then said, “Gentlemen, this may be worse than I believed.”
Korsten sat forward a bit, worry beginning to hammer in his chest.  “How do you mean?”
Merran looked at both the other men, then said, more to Korsten, “You may already have a resident Vadryn.  If the one that’s just arrived hasn’t been summoned, there’s liable to be—if you’ll excuse the expression—a struggle for territory.”
“What does that entail?”  Korsten almost didn’t want to ask.
Merran shook his head slightly, seeming lost in his thoughts.  He gave his next words to no one in particular.  “It depends on the power of the intruder.  The Vadryn are partial to displays of dominance.  It could involve more deaths, for the sake of gaining strength as well as proving it.”
“But, you could be wrong,” Hedren said, as if grasping at assurances.
Merran looked at him severely.  “I could be, yes.  But I dare not leave here until I’m sure.  One way or the other.”
“I agree,” Korsten said, sure that he didn’t want the only person who might have truly known what was going on in Haddowyn leaving it just yet.  That didn’t change the fact that he had been ordered to leave the city, however.  “We need discretion from you as you get this sorted out, Merran.  What do you need from us?”
The merest smile traced the mage’s lips as he transferred his blue gaze back to Korsten.  “I need another audience with Lord Camirey.”
Korsten drew in a long breath and let it out very slowly.  “I rescind my apology where my initial assessment of you is concerned.  You are mad.”
“I must be given access to the individuals stricken with this unidentified illness which you claim has been afflicting Haddowyn for at least two years,” Merran explained, utterly serious again.  “Through them, it’s possible that I can trace the demon’s signature to an individual, or at least a specific location.”
Glancing at the constable, Korsten said, “Forgive me, Hedren, but I’m not sure how to ask this.”  He looked at Merran again.  “What if the demon turned out to be someone in Hedren’s household?  I mean, you did say that’s a possibility.”
“It is,” Merran admitted.  “However, I suspect if the Vadryn were actually tormenting the soul of one of the constable’s loved ones, he would know about it, unless he was being controlled himself.”  The mage looked at Hedren, who suddenly appeared a little faint.  “From my experience, he does not appear to be under any unnatural influence.”
The constable sighed audibly and Korsten felt relieved himself.
“The Vadryn are very skilled at concealing themselves when they want to,” Merran added.  “It requires spellcraft to detect them, but once detected, once the signature has been linked to a specific soul, it is much more difficult for them to lose themselves again.”
“Well, I suppose all I can do at this point is leave it in your hands,” Korsten said.  “I understand that time may be a delicate issue, but I would prefer it, Merran, if you reported your findings to me before acting on them.”
Merran nodded, as if to agree, though he did not actually voice a promise.  He said instead, “I know the hour grows late, but I would like to begin the search at once.”
“I can take you to my home tonight,” Hedren volunteered.  “To have a look at my son.  In fact, you can board with us, if you like.  The better to keep an eye on you as well as other eyes off you.”
“Thank you, Constable,” Merran said.
“Well, that was easy enough,” Korsten sighed.  “But a second visit to the governor’s manor is another matter altogether.  You’re going to have to give me time, Merran.  Apart from my friendship with his son, I do hold some merit in Lord Camirey’s eyes, but he’s not exactly been himself as of late due to Edmore’s condition.  He’s liable not to listen to me any quicker than he was willing to hear you or the chief constable, or even his own son.  I can’t guarantee you anything, but I can warn you that he may relieve me of my position if news of your lingering presence disturbs him too greatly.  In that event, I’ll be able to assist you no further.”
Again, Merran waited for him to finish speaking.  Then he said, “In that event, the Seminary would be inclined to assist you.  We are not in the habit of displacing others through our business.”
“I thank you for the sentiment, of course,” Korsten replied, standing.  “However, you’ll have to forgive me if I don’t find myself overly comforted by the gesture.  Now, if you’re needing nothing more from me at the moment, I believe I shall retire for the night.  I’ll send a messenger up to the manor first thing come dawn.  Good enough?”
Merran nodded once.  “It is more than I had come to hope for, Vicegerent Brierly.  My thanks.”
Korsten nodded in response, then bid both the other men goodnight, and saw himself out of the constabulary.  Teah was waiting for him outside.  He unwound her bridle from a short post in front of the building and slid up into her saddle after stroking the mare’s sleek neck.  As he guided her around, toward home, he looked irresistibly toward the thick woods overlooking Haddowyn on its south side.  Nothing but trees.  The scenery at the north end of the city was almost identical, save the manor’s towers cresting above the canopy, usually only visible during the day.  On a night with ample moonlight, one could see the pale gray stone against the dark forest surrounding the manor.  On a night such as this, however, there was nothing to see but darkness.  That had never troubled Korsten before, but now, thinking that something foul might have been lurking in those woods to either side of Haddowyn, that such a thing might indeed have been lurking very near to his beloved, made him sick with fear.
Please, be safe, Ren.  And please, forgive me for what I am about to do.  I fear that arguing with your father on Merran’s behalf will make him angry with me, perhaps enough to force a wedge between us.  I’ll risk that, beloved, to be assured of your safety.  For you, I would give up my livelihood, and my life as well.



CHAPTER FOUR

Sleep came in restless spurts.  It was as if the day behind Korsten had waited until he was lying with his guard completely down to catch up to him, all at once.  He found himself in the midst of a nightmare; grotesque, haunting images that not only forced him awake, but that continued precisely where they’d left off whenever he dared close his eyes again.  Mostly he saw people dead, killed by the Vadryn.  It began with Seryline Rolce and her father—the two actual victims—then continued with individuals who were still alive, friends and acquaintances of his as well as strangers with familiar faces.  
Hedren was the first; his body rendered little more than an open sack of spilled blood and entrails.  Several others at the constabulary followed.  Without question that was due to the fact that their images were impressed upon his mind since he’d recently come from there.  In accordance to that logic, Penna and Donnel—the last two people he’d looked upon that evening—were also slain, though there were others claimed between them and Hedren’s men.  Korsten woke himself up before Renmyr was added to the list and what really disturbed him at the moment was Markam.  The boy had also died in his dream.  While Korsten felt relatively assured that a demon had not broken into his house and slain his resident cook and personal servant, he would have no way of knowing that Markam was all right until he returned in the morning from visiting his aunt on the other side of town.  That was something he always did with a night off; returned to his actual home, and Korsten wished dearly that he hadn’t this one time.
Lying alone in the darkness, skin tingling with cold perspiration beneath the bedding, Korsten forbade himself any further sleep.  He would rather be tired than terrified, and he would be in near hysterics, he was sure, if he envisioned Renmyr’s murder at the hands of some foul creature.  He decided instead to simply think of Renmyr, his lover, his beloved, healthy and safe.  He wondered if Renmyr would wake up soon, out of habit, prepared to carry himself to a different room before he realized he’d spent the night alone and in his own bed.  Assuming he had.  Maybe he’d gone to drown his anger in ale after his father’s wrongly aimed anger struck him.  Perhaps a certain overeager little trollop took pity on him in his dark state and offered him more than sympathy.
Are you with her now, Ren?  If Hedren’s suspicions are any indication, then it doesn’t appear to be helping your image at all, so why don’t you just stop?  Even if it is providing you an image, it isn’t a very pleasant one.  Can’t you just stop anyway?  But what’s the point?  You can’t escape marriage forever, and then what are we going to do?  I can’t share you, Ren.  Not like that.  I’m not going to be Uncle Korsten to your wife’s children, who will be constantly around reminding me that you have a wife.
He turned on his mattress, clutching the pillow beneath his head, taking in a different view of darkness from the ceiling, one with silhouettes of furniture to give it dimension.  We’ve been fooling ourselves, Ren.  There’s no hope for us.  Not in this life.  But you are my life.  I don’t want anyone else, ever.  And after I came here so determined to shut myself in and away from everyone.  I’d had someone at home in Cenily, who’d become my lover, and the reason Father sent me away, but he wasn’t what you are.  I felt sorry for myself, not for losing him and I’m certain he didn’t miss me beyond a week.  Not desperately, anyway.  Not like I need you, Ren.  And I can’t share you.  It’s shredding me inside.  I think I know why I act so helpless around you; and Hedren’s right, it is acting.  It’s because I’m constantly competing.   I want you to realize how much I need you, how I need you more than anyone else, and that I’d be utterly lost without you.  Why can’t I just say it?  Why can’t I just tell you how I feel about all of this?  Would it make any difference, Ren, if I did?  I don’t think it would.  I don’t think it’s within our power to change this situation we’ve gotten ourselves into.
Korsten blinked and a tear rolled out of one eye, across the bridge of his nose and onto the pillow.  Ren...I love you.

~

To Korsten Brierly, Vicegerent of Haddowyn and Revered Colleague,
Thank you, friend, for your letter of support and concern.  My sons are both doing well, in consideration to recent afflictions and lingering ailments.  Let me say that neither of them is in mortal peril, though Edmore has still not shown marked improvement.  Renmyr is troubled over his brother’s condition, of course, but with thanks to friends such as you, he remains reliable as a son and as an heir, should the role be required of him.  I know I can expect great things from him, and from you.  You have proven to be as efficient and trustworthy as Fand ever was.  I hope to have you around for a very long time.  Continue with the good work and don’t bother yourself with a meeting at this time.  It isn’t necessary.  I heard about what happened and, as you were evidently the victim of that charlatan’s vulgar performance, I don’t blame you for a little panic.  I trust you’re over it now and that the matter has been resolved.
Ithan Camirey, Governor of Haddowyn
Korsten lowered the letter.  He’d been put off.  He had not expected a return message when he sent one to the manor that morning, more or less announcing his coming.  Formally, it had been a request for a meeting, but that was often just etiquette.  Not this time.  He’d been as much as told not to go to the manor.  Ithan must have seriously been upset by the previous day’s events or Edmore’s failing health, regardless of the words currently in Korsten’s hand.
Revered colleague?  What could that have been about?  Ithan seemed to be going out of his way to make certain Korsten believed he was satisfied with the performance of his duties.  He never included such affectations in his letters.  In fact, barring the familiar penmanship, it could easily have been penned by another hand.
It may have been that he wasn’t feeling himself.  Perhaps he just wanted to be left alone.  That would have been understandable, but something about the way this message had come back disturbed Korsten, especially after all that Merran had said.  Despite what Ithan might have believed, Korsten did not consider himself the victim of some ‘charlatan’s performance’.  He remembered all too well what it felt like to have Areld’s hands clawing at his leg.
“Sir,” came a familiar voice.  “You have visitors.”
“Who are they?” Korsten asked, glancing over the letter from Lord Camirey again.
“Constable Hedren and Master Merran, sir,” came the reply and Korsten finally realized who was speaking to him.
He looked up at Donnel with a curious frown.  “Where’s Markam?”
“The boy hasn’t returned yet,” the elder answered.  “Perhaps he is still breakfasting at his aunt’s.”
“Perhaps,” Korsten murmured, imagining that he failed to conceal his sudden concern as he thought back on his nightmare.  At length, he said, “Thank you, Donnel.  See them in, will you?”
Donnel did as was requested of him and Korsten found himself once again in the company of Haddowyn’s constable and the mysterious mage he would have dismissed for a lunatic not all that long ago.
“Good morning, gentlemen,” Korsten greeted.  “I’m glad to see you’re both safe.  Did you find anything out?”
They both just looked at him, each grave in their own way.  They appeared in expression as if they had just crawled from Hedren’s home over streets littered with corpses.
“It’s worse,” the constable finally said.
And now it was Korsten’s turn to stare.  He looked from one man to the other, seeking explanation.
Merran offered it.  “The young man I examined last night is indeed pinned under the will of another.”
Korsten almost asked who, then recalled they were discussing demons.  He asked instead, “Are you certain?”
Merran nodded.  “I am.  Have you contacted Lord Camirey?”
Korsten displayed the creased parchment in his hand.  “I’ve been given instructions not to visit the manor today.”
“Is that normal?” Merran asked next.
Korsten shook his head, drawing the letter back toward himself so that he could examine it again.  “No.  In fact, there is very little about this message that I would find usual at all.  It’s been bothering me as well the way he lost his temper over your visit.”
“With what you told me upon our first meeting, I was expecting it,” Merran said.
“Well, I guess I didn’t do the governor any justice, then, did I?  He’s known for his temper, but not to that degree.  He’s a reasonable man, who’s usually interested in hearing something of what a man has to say before having him escorted out of town.  Based on what Hedren told me, it seems as if he didn’t listen at all.”
“He didn’t,” Hedren confirmed.
“And that isn’t like him,” Korsten said to Merran.  In a moment, he sighed and deposited the letter on the nearest shelf; he’d spent another morning in his library.  “Anyway, I’d say your chances of getting a look at Edmore are very close to none at all.  Not today, at least.  Is it necessary, though, I have to wonder, knowing now what you know of Loel?”
“The only thing I’ve determined yet from the young man is that he’s being influenced,” Merran informed.  “More that he’s been influenced, but not frequently enough for the demon’s signature to be clear.  I have reason to suspect that it would resonate stronger in Edmore Camirey, which will lead me to the resident Vadryn.  The newcomer I’ll have to track through more mundane methods, as it has not been here long enough to enforce its will upon anyone outside of the soul it’s claimed.  Not to a great degree, at any rate.”
“I’ll do what I can,” Korsten promised.  “If Renmyr comes by, perhaps I can enlist his assistance.  Though again, I cannot promise anything.  Is there something else I can do in the meantime?”
He was answered with silence.  It lingered entirely too long.
“What is it?” he finally asked.  “What’s happened?”
“Kor,” Hedren said, almost sympathetically.  “Young Markam...”
“What about him?” Korsten wanted to know, his voice firming.  He may have been squeamish about dead things attacking him, but he didn’t like to be treated like a skittish foal, all the same.
“His aunt came to me this morning,” Hedren answered.  His reluctance to spit out his information was beginning to grate.  “I know you’ve come to regard the young man almost as a little brother...”
“Constable, what are you trying to say?” Korsten demanded, cursing that his eyes were misting with unshed tears.
Finally, the words came, though they had to come from Merran.  “The boy never arrived at his aunt’s last night.”
“He went riding,” Korsten guessed, speaking softly, though he glared at the one who’d as much as told him that the young man had been murdered.  Or at least fallen off his horse and broken his neck.  “I...told Donnel to tell him...”
“I’m sorry, Kor,” Hedren offered.
“The constable and I intend to search for the body,” Merran informed.
Korsten recovered himself.  “I’ll help you.  I know the routes he likes to take.”
“Actually, I’d rather you weren’t involved,” Merran replied and while Korsten stared at him, both angry and confused, he added, “Your relationship to the boy will make it too difficult for you to witness his fate, if the worst has indeed befallen him.”
Korsten’s expression fell flat.  “It’s because I screamed yesterday, isn’t it?  Well, it’s a little different when a man who is evidently dead attacks one.  I wouldn’t get so near the body again, I can promise you that and also that I’ve no intention of embarrassing either of you or myself again.”
“You’re not needed, Kor,” Hedren told him, sounding sterner than he had previously.  “I can identify the boy, if it’s necessary.  You’d be better help to this cause waiting here for Renmyr to pay a visit.”
“Don’t patronize me, Hedren,” Korsten said irritably.  He didn’t know if it was anger or realization that made him say what he said next.  “You have been since yesterday evening, haven’t you?”
Hedren looked at the floor briefly, then lifted his gaze back up and met Korsten’s glare with unexpected patience.  “We can talk later, Kor, but let me tell you this now.  Your uncle was a dear friend of mine, close to brother.  He looked out for you like you were his own son and, out of respect for him, I’ll do the same.  That’s all I’ve got to say right now.”
The constable turned and left with Merran following.  Korsten stared after them, dumbfounded.  He knew what had been said to him, but at the same time he didn’t.  He decided to sit down before his knees gave out.  Afterward he didn’t move for a long time.

~

Hours had passed.  Korsten felt as if he’d been placed under house arrest and consequentially as if the aging man who respectfully entered his library had come to announce that the sentence had been lifted.  He looked up from his reading with hope in his eyes, hope that someone had come, Hedren and Merran with news or Renmyr just with himself.
“Milord,” Donnel began.  While Korsten waited eagerly, he added, “Penna has prepared you a small plate.  Will you be taking it in here?”
Korsten didn’t usually take the midday meal at all and he didn’t have much of an appetite now.  Penna often tried to feed him, however, when she was worried about him, as if food were a cure for all ills.  He didn’t like to offend the woman, but today he was in no mood for diplomacy, domestic or otherwise.
“I’m not hungry, Donnel,” he finally said.  “Perhaps Cedi would like it added to his plate.”  Knowing that the mentioned stable hand had never opposed food once in his years working for Fand and now for Korsten, he felt satisfied that neither the food nor Penna’s efforts would be wasted and expected everyone else to be as well.
Donnel made no argument and left him alone.
Another hour slipped by.  Korsten abandoned his library, visited the parlor briefly for its view of the street and the direction he believed Hedren and Merran would be coming from, then headed upstairs.  He walked the passages slowly, absorbing the loneliness of a household that had been small in Haddowyn to begin with, reduced now to one family member and a handful of servants who Korsten segregated himself from for more reasons than just keeping the nature of Renmyr’s visits a secret.  He’d never been particularly fond of the company of others in large numbers.  
He’d come from a large family, lived in a house with not only his parents and sisters, but a great many cousins as well, along with his grandparents on his father’s side.  Sethaniel presided over an enormous brood, considering the average size of a household in Cenily, and of them, in spite of all his efforts to go unnoticed, the one who stood out greatest was Korsten.  He was the only one of seventeen children with hair red enough to almost rival the roses that bloomed throughout the estate during summer.  He was the only boy who didn’t enjoy the hunts, who would make swordplay appear some form of dance—and little else—and who preferred chasing butterflies to chasing girls.  Of course, that didn’t stop the girls chasing him.  He didn’t really mind it at first.  At a very young age it was a silly, meaningless game.  Between the ages of twelve and fourteen it was boring, but also a way at gaining allies, since the other boys had taken to disliking him by then.  In their eyes he was too showy and arrogant, a pretty little “mother’s doll” who fancied himself too good for the rest of them.  They especially hated to lose a fencing match to him and would later chase him down and pummel him a bit for making fools of them with his “girlish dancing”, as they called it.  They all preferred heavier swords, battle weapons, as they all had aspirations to become soldiers and be the single deciding factor in a war to unite Edrinor at last.  Korsten didn’t want anything to do with war, but he kept that to himself, lest Sethaniel get it into his head that his only son would do better in the region’s armed ranks.
When he wasn’t hiding amongst the girls, using them as a shield against immediate attention of the brutal variety, Korsten hid in the conservatory or the library while his enemies looked for him elsewhere.  The only enemy who ever thought to find him lost in music or in books was his father.  Korsten pretended to play or read through the berating lectures that ensued, but at the edge of every note plucked from the harpsichord and every word deciphered from an ancient text, he could hear his father’s anger and resentment.  It always made him cry before it was done and that always made Sethaniel angrier.
During one particularly unpleasant tirade, Korsten’s father claimed that his son was so frail and his behavior so feminine he could put him in one of his sisters’ gowns and no one would be any the wiser.  He stormed away in exasperation, perhaps believing that his son hadn’t heard a word he’d said, since Korsten failed to shed even one tear that time.  
At the very next autumn festival, just a week shy of his fifteenth birthday, Korsten did the unthinkable.  With help from some of his female allies, who appreciated a bit of wicked humor, he devised a costume for the masquerade that consisted of one of his eldest sister’s discarded gowns, some rouge, and a feathered mask.  That night he proved his father right.  No one recognized him, not even Sethaniel, who brushed past him and his entourage of cohorts on more than one occasion during the festivities.  Korsten didn’t know exactly how he felt about that, but undoubtedly he had gone a bit insane with anger, as he came very near to unmasking himself before his father.  He was on the verge of making the direst mistake of his life when something rather unexpected happened.
Korsten and his conspirators had done too fine a job on his costume and he had acquired the attention of a young man from another house.  Rather than rescue him, the girls in his company encouraged the error.  Korsten had no option but to play along or be caught in such a way that would render the Brierly house the target of all ridicule in Cenily for many years to come.  For an offense of that magnitude, Korsten—as extreme an adolescent as he happened to have been—had no doubt that his father would have him publicly executed.  He assumed the role of a lady for a time and when the young man belonging to the Mortannis household tried to engage him in conversation, he didn’t attempt to mask his voice, but spoke very softly, using the androgynous satin tone his music instructor claimed he had when singing.  It seemed to be working and it wasn’t so terrible to be led on the ballroom floor when etiquette commanded he accept the youth’s invitation to dance.  He could imagine worse things happening.  Fortunately, he hadn’t quite attained his full height yet and his partner, who was at least two if not three years his elder, was tall himself, else it could have appeared a very awkward arrangement indeed.
All seemed to be going well enough until it came time for a stroll out of doors, away from others, where the young man stole a kiss that evolved into a second; Korsten’s first such exchange.  He hadn’t planned it.  He didn’t even think that he wanted to be kissed up until the moment it happened.  It was in that moment that Korsten felt what his cousins claimed to feel when stealing kisses from young ladies.  It went no further.  Korsten escaped before it could come to what he thought would be the worst embarrassment of his life.
The autumn festivities continued into the following day.  Members of neighboring houses lingered on Brierly land and, for sake of diplomacy, Korsten was forced to partake of a hunt.  Considering what he’d gotten away with the night before, he opted not to press his luck and went with the other boys, detesting every moment of their eager tracking of a defenseless stag through the forest.  He got lost on purpose and was not happy to be found less than an hour after his plotted disappearance.  It was a member of the Mortannis family who found him, the very same handsome older boy who had kissed him the night before.  The youth had come alone and told Korsten that he’d never seen him look more beautiful than he did at the masquerade, just before stealing another kiss.  The confusion that followed that moment led to Korsten trying to be closer to some of his female friends, failing utterly as he continued to think things he knew he shouldn’t have been thinking about Firard Mortannis, the future lover that would see to his disgrace and exile.  It wasn’t intentional—without doubt, Firard had suffered his own familial retribution—but at the time it seemed hardly worth it.  They would not have stayed together anyway.
And now he found himself in the midst of another deception, at another masquerade, once again not as clever as he imagined.  Hedren knew and acted now as if he’d known all along.  Had Fand told him?  If so, why would he?  Especially to hear the manner in which the constable went on about Renmyr.
Korsten entered his bedroom when he came to it and left the door open, not planning to linger.  He didn’t really need anything from the room; he was simply wandering, waiting.  He’d thought to be at the governor’s manor long before now, trying to persuade him to meet with Merran once more.  He didn’t like the fashion in which he’d been refused a visit.  That was not typical of Ithan, miserable or not.  Edmore had been unwell for two years.  If he’d gotten all that much worse, Renmyr would have said something.
And what was Renmyr doing just at this moment?  Still brooding?  Arguing with his father about what he’d seen in the woods perhaps?  Riding into town at this very moment?  The waiting was getting to be unbearable.  How could he, deputy to the governor of Haddowyn, one of the most influential towns left in northern Edrinor, be so powerless?  He’d been as much as told by a man ranking beneath him to do nothing, as if it was none of his concern.
I suppose I’m not as good at this as you, Uncle.  I’ve probably let Hedren handle too much all along.  Yes, Ithan may not have anything against me, but what does he truly know of my qualifications to hold this office, except that I’m doing things efficiently enough not to put any further stress on him while he concentrates almost solely on losing his son?  And if Edmore has gotten worse, why did he lie about it in his letter?  This is all so confusing.
After a few moments more of silently observing the room’s emptiness, Korsten turned back toward the door, determining to do something other than wait.  He was pleasantly shocked to find a young man standing in the doorway, just inside the room.  If he hadn’t been so thrilled to see Markam alive and uninjured he would have recalled that the boy’s presence in his bedchamber was a breach in etiquette and a violation of his privacy he could not have allowed otherwise.  At the moment, however, he didn’t care about etiquette or personal boundaries, not beyond keeping himself from going to the lad and throwing his arms around him.  In that respect, he held himself at a proper distance and smiled at him, deciding in the midst of his elation that he would scold the youth for worrying everyone later.
“Markam, where in Heaven have you been?  You’re not hurt at all, are you?”
The boy’s eyes regarded him strangely.  That they regarded him at all without persuasion or command was strange.  Markam never met Korsten’s gaze directly and if he ever did, it was only for an instant and nothing readily recalled.  He usually looked just beyond him or at the floor.  Korsten had never demanded or encouraged such behavior, but he hadn’t tried to discourage it either.  The boy was simply too shy...and now he wasn’t.
Korsten’s relieved smile left him as the boy continued to stare and he began to wonder if he wasn’t hurt after all.  “Markam?  What…”
“You’re very beautiful,” the young man suddenly said.
Korsten couldn’t decide whether to thank him or reprimand him for such a bold statement.  He did neither.  “Are you sure you’re feeling well?  Perhaps you’d better go lie down and I’ll have Donnel…”
Markam smiled.  “I’ve always thought you were beautiful.”  His eyes began to wander, as they should not have been, taking in all of the older man standing before him.  “It’s all I’ve been able to think about...since I arrived here.”
A little firmness seemed in order here.  “Markam, it is clear to me that you are not yourself.  Go to your room at once and I’ll send Donnel to...”  His voice tapered to stunned silence as the younger man stepped further into the room, then quietly guided the door closed.  Was he ill?  He didn’t look at all well.  Perhaps he had fallen off his mount while riding and struck his head.  Odd that Hedren and Merran didn’t come across him first.
“I’ve heard you,” Markam continued, sounding not at all like the porter Korsten thought he knew.  There was something almost mature about his voice, not necessarily adult—a sane adult wouldn’t have been behaving like this—but older somehow.  “I’ve listened to you...with him.”
“What are you...” Korsten couldn’t finish the question.  He knew very well what the young man was talking about anyway and he suddenly felt not only affronted, but ill as well.
Markam didn’t seem to care and he dared to continue, moving slowly forward.  “I’ve seen him as well...putting his hands on you...and kissing you.”
Korsten flushed in spite of the authority he was trying to enforce.  “Markam, I insist that you stop this at once.”
Markam didn’t stop.  In fact, he came even nearer.  “All those times that I was listening in the hall and those fewer moments when I dared to peek through the keyhole, I was wishing that I could be him.”  Markam came to within an arm’s length of Korsten and smiled once again.  “If I could lie with you, just once, I would-”
Korsten lost himself and backhanded the younger man.  “That’s enough!  I don’t know what’s gotten into you...”
Markam turned his face back to him, his cheek red, his once smiling lips now frowning.  He lunged forward and grabbed the front of Korsten’s shirt in both fists, pushing him backward with unexpected force.  Korsten’s shoulder bumped the edge of the fireplace mantel just before his back hit the wall.  Once again, pain failed to register.  Images of Areld with his chest and throat ripped open suddenly assailed his thoughts and it finally struck him that Markam may not have been acting like himself because he literally wasn’t himself.  
“Do you have any idea how long I’ve wanted you?” the youth snarled.  “Can you possibly imagine the torment of witnessing the one you want with another?”
“Markam, stop this,” Korsten commanded more carefully.  “You don’t realize what you’re doing.”
The younger man opened his hands and laid them flat upon Korsten’s chest, his features relaxing as he stared at him with an admiration that frightened more than it flattered.  “I do want you...so much.”  
“No, Markam.  You don’t.  You’re not yourself.  What you need...is to rest now.”
Markam didn’t seem to agree.  His fingers curled toward the top button of Korsten’s shirt, pushing it slowly through the hole.  The next one followed.  “I want to hear you sigh...like you sigh for him.”
Korsten’s blood pounded while an unpleasant churning stirred in his gut.  He wanted to get away, to shove Markam away, but he couldn’t will himself to move.  He knew that he could move, but it was as if he didn’t have the ambition in spite of any disgust, anger, or fear he may have felt, all of which increased tenfold when the changed young man pushed his shirt open and touched his lips to Korsten’s skin.  It wasn’t that the youth was repulsive.  Korsten had caught himself admiring Markam’s appearance more than once, but never with anything like this on his mind, nothing close.  He hadn’t had any idea how Markam felt—if he truly felt this way—and he would have done everything in his power to discourage an infatuation, up to and including dismissing the lad from his service.  He cared about him, as he could have cared about one of his cousins, if they hadn’t always been taunting him.  The thought of being intimate with Markam, or any other boy, for that matter, disgusted him.  Particularly distressing was the possibility that Markam may not have been a boy anymore, but a demon, one possessed by the Vadryn...who Hedren and Merran had spent hours searching for.  Could they have found him...and been...
“So soft,” Markam whispered into Korsten’s chest, adding to his rapidly increasing duress.  “So sweet.  I’ve dreamt about the taste of you upon my lips.” The youth lifted his face to Korsten’s neck.  “But he was always here.  I knew you’d never want me in his place...not even if he died.  Not unless I made you want me.”  His breath felt cold, in spite of the warmth of his unwanted kisses.  “This isn’t how I wanted it...but now there is no time.  Forgive m-”
The seduction ended.  With the suddenness of a blanket being torn away, Markam and his will were gone.  Korsten felt suddenly chilled, exposed, and dizzy.  He sank toward the floor, loosely aware of the struggle that was taking place in front of him.  Two individuals were wrestling, pushing one another about the room…toppling furniture.  They managed to miss going through a window, but the drapes tore on one side and slipped to the floor.  The scuffling continued.  Something glass shattered as it hit the floor behind the clatter of what sounded like a small table.  Someone cried out and then there came a long silence.  Not the silence of victory, but of…Korsten pulled out of his shock and focused…on Hedren choking the life out of Markam.
“Hedren!”  Korsten scrambled across the floor on his hands and knees.  “Hedren, stop!”
The older and younger men continued in their struggle.  Korsten reached out to stop them, withdrawing at once as he looked upon Markam’s face, twisted with an inhuman rage.  He looked monstrous, as if no trace of the boy remained, except in the basic outside appearance.  His eyes were dark, afire, and his snarl included fangs, like Areld’s, much longer than those belonging in any human mouth.
Korsten wasn’t sure what to do.  Where was Merran?
Markam’s fingers scratched at the constable’s arms, shredding his shirtsleeves and the skin beneath.  Though the demon made him stronger, the boy was still not strong enough to rise against Hedren’s weight or his determination.  He was running out of air.  He was going to die.
“Hedren, don’t!”  Instinct took over again and Korsten reached for the constable’s shoulder.  He rose and began prying the older man away from his victim.  “Merran said he can be saved!  Don’t kill him!”
“Merran’s dead!” Hedren growled, shrugging Korsten away.  “This bastard brat laid a trap for him, caught him by surprise!  Tried to kill the both of us...then shot back this way!  Should have...guessed...little bastard!  Die!”
“Hed-”
Markam went limp.  His clawing hands slipped away from Hedren’s bleeding arms and for a moment there was utter stillness.  Korsten’s heart rattled against his ribcage.  He had to breathe through his mouth, else risk suffocating himself as his lungs insisted that they needed air in larger, quicker amounts.  He’d felt the same terror when Areld attacked him, but now he felt remorse as well, and sadness.  The scene became particularly dismal and final, it seemed, when poor Markam began to bleed from his mouth, as if whatever was inside him had died as well.
It was at that moment that Korsten recalled what Merran had said about the Vadryn, about what happened when the individual they possessed died first.  “Hedren...get away from him,” Korsten said, withdrawing now himself.
The constable started to move, but not quickly enough for Korsten’s comfort.  Markam’s jaw fell open further and more blood trickled onto the floor, followed by tendrils of vapor, as if the boy were still breathing and the room had gone very cold.  The air did feel slightly chilled, but not freezing.  In the next moments, the pool of blood and mist swelled, spreading across the floor like steam following spilled hot soup.  Faster than Korsten or Hedren could react it gave itself form.  Nothing substantial, just the smoky image of a gaunt, humanlike individual.  Naked, hairless, sexless...and yet somehow it had identity, a presence unique to itself, like a nameless stranger...a ghost.  This one had soulless eyes, overlong limbs, and a demonic grin.
Quicker than thought, it lunged for Hedren, embracing him in gray, fleshless arms.  The constable had only time to make a single, incoherent sound before the Vadryn dug its long fingers into his back and ripped him open.  Korsten witnessed a spray of color so vivid and so horrifying that he was certain his heart stopped in the very instant.  All thought ceased, save whatever mental effort was required for him to stare in blank terror upon the image of a demon, bathed in blood, absorbing the life…the soul…into itself.  For several moments it appeared ruddy, as if it possessed living flesh of its own, but no skin.  Slowly it faded to gray once again, a mist that existed between worlds, hailing from the spiritual realm yet affecting the physical one.
The demon, crouched ecstatically over the crumpled remains of its kill, peered over its shoulder at the last living soul in the room.  The beast’s grin returned and Korsten simply stared until he could no longer see.



CHAPTER FIVE

“Why can’t I feel anything?”  Korsten didn’t know who he was talking to at first, only that he sensed a presence, one that he believed would answer him.
“It will pass,” the man did in fact answer, and in a familiarly sober tone.  He was nearby, but for some reason Korsten couldn’t see him.  He couldn’t see anything but red.  He recalled fear, a primal state of shock, like a deer in the moments before its slaying beneath the fang and claw of wolves.
“You’re under a spell of Release,” the individual with Korsten continued.
A pang of horror blossomed at the back of his mind, but didn’t fully register.  He asked tonelessly, “It was inside of me?”
“No,” the other replied.  “But it held you in its will, which can be a very powerful thing, even when enforced by one so weak.”
That was weak?  Korsten saw red.  Red in Markam’s pale skin as he kissed him.  Red, coming from the boy’s mouth as he died.  Red...so much red...as the Vadryn killed a man he’d known for eight years.  Suddenly, Korsten knew who he was speaking to.  He closed his eyes—or opened them?—and still saw red.  “Where were you?”
“Bound in the Vadryn’s magic,” Merran answered.  “They have spells of their own.  I was able to channel most of it toward myself…it surely would have killed the constable.  But I see my efforts were in vain.  Had I let him die then, I could have recovered quicker, and you would not have had to see that.”
“He saved my life,” Korsten whispered, shedding tears that felt thick and warm, like blood.
“Rest,” Merran said quietly.  “The beast I have been hunting is no more.  Only one remains.  I know where to find it.”
“Where?  How?  You said that...the signature was not clear before.”
“No, but what I can see without magic is evidence enough.  Had I anticipated the presence of a second demon, I’d have realized sooner just what I was seeing and what needed to be done.”
The sudden urge to panic gripped Korsten inside; made him reach for the man, who turned out to be close enough to touch.  Korsten’s hand closed on fabric.  “What are you planning to do?”
Merran didn’t answer him.  He gently pried Korsten’s fist away from his sleeve and left.
“Merran, wait!”
He didn’t.  In the silence that followed the mage’s departure, Korsten was forcing himself up, finally realizing that he’d been lying down.  Whatever Merran had learned or seen, whatever he believed needed to be done, why did Korsten get the feeling that a dire mistake was about to be made?  Without conscious effort, everything suddenly became clear.  Merran was going to the governor’s manor.  He suspected Ithan.  He meant to kill him…Renmyr’s father.
You’re wrong.  Oh, gods...Merran, you’re wrong.
Once out of the bed he’d been occupying, Korsten started after the man.  He missed a step or two as his head was slow to rise with the rest of him, but he managed to stay on his feet.  “Merran!  Merran, damn you, wait!”  He caught up to the mage in the hallway and decided it was safe to lean against the wall for a moment while his head steadied and his vision cleared.  “You said you didn’t intend to kill anyone.”
Merran looked at him gravely for a long time before finally saying, “I could have destroyed the weaker one without further harm to the host.  It’d only been a few days.  One that’s been established for a period of months or years, however...at that point it’s far more demon than human.  To whatever remains of the individual, the end is a mercy.  Believe me.”
“I don’t believe you!” Korsten shouted, tears burning his vision.  “I don’t believe you’re going to murder someone like this!  What if you’re wrong?”
Merran waited long enough for the severity in his blue eyes to settle fully on Korsten, then said,  “I’m not wrong.”
“What if you are?” Korsten demanded.  “Ithan may be acting strangely, but...”  Sudden dread gripped him as he finally deciphered the true intent behind the mage’s unreasonable determination.  “It’s not Ithan you’re thinking of...is it?”
Merran turned to leave and Korsten went for him, grabbing his arm.  “Who?  Tell me!  You think that it’s Renmyr, don’t you?”
Merran’s silence told him everything and inspired fresh tears.  They streaked his face now.  “I won’t let you do this!  You’re wrong!  Please, don’t do this.”  His tone changed from insistent to pleading in an instant as he looked again into the mage’s unnaturally blue eyes and saw the resignation there, the unwavering determination to do what had to be done.  What didn’t have to be done, because he was wrong!  Renmyr wasn’t possessed by anything, except his sense of duty and love for his family.  He wouldn’t kill anyone who wasn’t trying to hurt them.  He wasn’t a murderer!
Merran slid his hand—his healing hand—over Korsten’s and somehow the touch instantly calmed him.  He stopped crying and was suddenly unable to do anything but listen to the mage’s tranquil voice.  “You claim to be in love, and yet you emanate nothing but unhappiness.  Your depression is evidence enough, regardless of all else.  Why no physical harm has come to you, what the beast had in store for you, I cannot say, but I know that I am right.  That does not banish the hurt.  I know that also.  And I sympathize.”
For some reason Korsten’s gaze dropped to the ghastly moth brooch worn by the black-clad mage and he stared at it, seeing it in all its intricate detail, from its segmented white body, to its pale dusty wings, and even the feathery antennae...which were moving.  The wings were moving as well, sliding over one another just slightly, as if it were a living moth.
“Her name is Eolyn,” Merran said quietly.  “We share the gift of Foresight, among other things.  It helps us to recognize people sometimes.  Not a person familiar to us, but one who will become familiar.  I don’t have time to explain what I mean by that, Korsten.  I must go.  Trust that you are safe here, for now.”

~

Korsten awoke with a start.  He sat up in his bed, wearing nothing but the bedding.  How did I get here?  When did I get here?
He was alone.  Gray light filtered in through the drapes…all in place, none stained with blood.  The light seemed to indicate that it was very early morning.  He relaxed slowly, lifting one hand to his face, pushing back the stubborn forelock of red curls that incessantly tried to hamper his vision.  A careful scanning of the room showed everything in place.  
It was a nightmare, then.  Father of the gods, I’ve never been so grateful of anything in my life.
Korsten eventually climbed out of bed, prepared his own bath since it was too early for Donnel to think of doing it, and relaxed in hot, perfumed water for a long time.  He tried not to think of anything much and paid attention to detail as he washed, dried, and dressed, decided that he would be going to see Renmyr as soon as possible.  He was going to get him into an out of the way place and kiss him everywhere for hours.  Afterward perhaps Merran and Hedren would have solved this unpleasant business with the Vadryn and everything would be back to normal.  And then Edmore could recover so that Ithan could relax and Loel could resume his health as well so that Hedren could stop hating Renmyr.  
Whatever had happened between him and the constable’s son, it couldn’t have been all that bad.  Korsten couldn’t envision Renmyr forcing himself on anyone and if he’d acted a little too eager, it could only have been attributed to youth.  After all, it must have happened before he and Korsten had become lovers, in which case Renmyr would have been only fifteen or sixteen and nowhere near as experienced as he happened to be now.  And, after all, Loel was an attractive young man and not exactly one to chase after the ladies.  He must have simply given Renmyr the wrong signals.  Or maybe Loel had been interested and Hedren couldn’t accept it.  Whatever the case, it was over now.  Hedren didn’t have to like it, but he didn’t have to dwell on it.  Korsten just might suggest that to him once the demons were taken care of and Loel began to feel well again.
Too bad I hadn’t dreamt all of that as well, Korsten thought to himself, heading downstairs when he finally considered himself presentable.  Two days ago I considered the Vadryn a demented fireside tale.  And now I’m praying a mage will exterminate them quickly so that life in Haddowyn can be livable again.  Gods, I hope I don’t have any lessons scheduled for today.  I don’t think I could withstand another attack, of any kind.
Korsten was headed for his library initially, but he veered toward the kitchen when he noticed a distinct lack of aroma in the passages.  Penna should have been up by now, baking breads or something, like she always was.  He wouldn’t begrudge her some extra sleep, but it wasn’t like her.
“Penna?” Korsten called as he pushed the kitchen door open just enough to see that there was no one at the oven.  He gave himself a wider view and still didn’t find his cook.  Deciding he wasn’t hungry anyway, Korsten retreated for the library.  After a few hours of reading, he would make a rare unannounced visit to the Camirey home.  Ithan might bluster at him a bit for being so thoughtless and improper, but he would say that Renmyr was expecting him for an early morning ride and Renmyr wouldn’t deny it.  They would have some much-needed time alone together and then perhaps he would accept Lady Camirey’s automatic invitation to dinner and find a way to insert their current mage trouble into the conversation.
With his day planned, Korsten entered his sanctuary wearing a smile.  He went to the windows first, pulling aside the drapes to let what light there was inside.  The street his house faced was quiet, abandoned at this hour.  It wouldn’t be long before feet, hooves, cart and coach tread upon the cobbled stone.  The street peddlers were always first, barring a patrolling constable.
When satisfied with the lighting, Korsten went to a shelf and pulled down a book of poetry.  He wasn’t in the mood for actual study, just something to pass the time while he waited to see Renmyr.  Finally, someone else would be getting attacked.
Korsten smiled to himself, then noticed something flutter to the floor from the shelf he’d gotten his book from.  Still smiling, he crouched to pick it up.  He glanced at the words neatly scrawled upon the folded sheet, then stared at them in horror.  His smile was instantly gone.  He read and reread the letter, unable to believe what was in his hand.  He uttered fragments of it aloud.  “...’my sons are both doing well’...’as you were evidently the victim of that...charlatan’s’...no, no, no...this can’t be.  Gods, this isn’t happening.  Donnel!”
Korsten stood, dropping both the letter and the book of poetry.  He dashed from the library, making his way swiftly across the house and eventually back upstairs, this time on the servants’ side.  “Donnel!”  He rushed through the unfamiliar corridors and found the door he believed was for the aging servant’s bedroom and started pounding on the door with his fist.  “Donnel, wake up!  Please, I-”
The next door over came open.  Korsten was in too great a state of urgency to be startled.  He simply moved to the proper doorway and latched onto the elder with both hands.  “Donnel, please tell me you know what in Hell is happening.”
The old man appeared roundly confused.  Eventually he formed something of a condescending smile and said, “You’re awake, sir.  I’m glad.  I’ll draw you a bath at once.”
“I’ve already had a bath,” Korsten informed him somewhat irritably.  Realizing he must have seemed a little crazed, he withdrew his hands from the man’s arms and forced his next words to come out more calmly.  “I...dreamt last night that Constable Hedren arrived in the company of Master Merran, after I received a letter from Lord Camirey.  We conversed in the library.”  He studied Donnel’s features carefully, looking for recognition above concern…concern that the master of the house had lost his senses.  He continued with a rising lump of tears in his throat, seeing that the man did indeed recall the circumstances that were being mentioned.  “Markam-didn’t return home...and that wasn’t a dream, was it?”
“I’m sorry, milord,” Donnel finally said, looking suddenly older and filled with a remorse that only hurt Korsten worse.  “Master Merran said you might not feel yourself after you regained consciousness.  He said it’d be best to carry on as usual for now.”
He did, did he?  Damn him.
“You fainted, sir,” Donnel continued, drawing Korsten’s attention back to the matter at hand.  “Gave Penna and me a terrible fright.  We assumed it had something to do with Markam’s death…we both know how fond you were of the lad.  Well, Master Merran said you’d be all right and, after seeing how he mended your leg the other day...”
“How long was I asleep?” Korsten interrupted, lifting the heel of one hand to his forehead as an ache began to bloom behind his skull.
“Just the day, milord.  Not more than that, I swear.  And again, you have my apologies.  I-”
Korsten held up his other hand to silence him.  “No, it’s all right,” he lied, then turned away from the elder, starting slowly back the way he’d come.  “I just…too much sleep gives me an awful migraine, Donnel.  I think I’ll take Teah out for a ride to clear my head.”
“Are you sure you’re all right, sir?”
He nodded while swallowing tears, then said with a deceptively clear voice, “Yes.  Thank you.  Tell Penna I’m sorry to have scared her like that.  It’s just…you’re right…about Markam.”
“Can I get you anything?” Donnel continued.
Korsten turned back to him at the end of the passage.  “You know I don’t deserve you, Donnel.  You’ve always been too good to me, even before my uncle passed away.”
The aging servant nodded modestly.  “Thank you, milord.”
“Please, go back to sleep,” Korsten said.  “I’m sorry to have disturbed you.”
He started walking again and when he heard the bedroom door close, he took up a quicker pace, leaping down multiple steps at a time, and practically sprinting through the kitchen, out the back door, and into the stable.  The stable hands were still asleep in their loft quarters just above.  Korsten didn’t bother summoning them, readying Teah himself.  Fortunately, he wasn’t as pampered as a child as his cousins liked to accuse and had had to learn to do such things on his own, else not be permitted to ride with his sisters, all three of whom were better riders and handlers than him.  For that reason he was glad to have come across a calm, reliable mare like Teah.  Throughout Korsten’s childhood Sethaniel had always purchased loathsome brutes for him, believing from the start that he had been cheated out of a son with his fourth child and given another daughter instead.  His determination to raise a ‘man’ was unreasonable and actually a rather frightening ordeal for Korsten to think back on.  Perhaps Sethaniel’s stubbornness was partly to blame for his failure.  Perhaps if he hadn’t given Korsten quite so many reasons to cry, he wouldn’t have been crying quite so often.
He was crying now.  Large heavy tears rolled down his cheeks as he saddled Teah.  An entire day lost?  If he’d been asleep for more than a few hours, it was too late.  Renmyr was either hurt or dead and so was Merran.  Right now he didn’t give horse shit about Merran, but the bastard might have caught Renmyr unaware.  Renmyr wasn’t defenseless, but he wouldn’t be expecting a fanatic to arrive at his doorstep with his execution in mind.  If he failed…  Please, dear gods, let Merran have failed.  If that were the case, then the mage would have been executed by now himself, or he was at least imprisoned, awaiting execution.  And Korsten didn’t care anything about demons or any mage spells linking them to the Camirey family or to Renmyr himself.  Renmyr hadn’t hurt anyone.  He wouldn’t.
Finally the task of readying Teah was finished.  Korsten hastened her out of her stall and into the small yard, where he wasted no time mounting and setting off for the northern woods.  He took the main road out of town and into the forest, running Teah almost the entire way.  They were both soaked with perspiration when he finally decided to slow down.  He realized then that it wasn’t only sweat that coated Teah’s black pelt and seeped through his clothing.  It was still early and a morning mist yet clung to the earth, embracing the trees all around him.
Suddenly he recalled the Vadryn.  Fear crept up on him.  Merran may have been wrong about Renmyr, but there was still another demon in Haddowyn.  Unless he was wrong altogether and the only beast plaguing the city had died with Markam and Hedren, having killed Areld and Seryline Rolce as well.  Perhaps the peculiar illness Edmore and Loel suffered from was nothing beyond unexplained.
Loel...
Gods, someone is going to have to tell Hedren’s family what happened.  It will have to be me, after I’ve made certain Ren is safe.  Please...be safe.
Korsten pressed on, through the chill, damp air, toward the large stone house that could be seen from the base of the hill, looming above the tree line.  It had never seemed ominous to him before, and now it did.  Always before, with Renmyr there, it could have been a palace in Heaven.  Now it seemed to stand upon the threshold of Hell’s depths.  If Merran had tried anything and failed, Renmyr would have come to Korsten, to see if he had been harmed by the lunatic mage, if for no other reason.  Korsten was sure of that.  Donnel hadn’t said anything about Renmyr having come and gone.  And Korsten knew as well that if Renmyr had seen him as he was this morning and possibly the entire previous day—not asleep but unconscious due to stress and fear—he’d have stayed.  He’d have stayed because he loved him.  Demons didn’t love people.  They used them.  At any rate, Renmyr’s absence meant that Merran had either changed his opinion or been successful or...
Korsten was having difficulty coming up with alternative scenarios.  He decided to stop trying and proceeded through the woods at a moderate pace.  Teah was cooperative, as if she knew how important it was for him to get to his destination as quickly as possible.  She carried him to the gates without hesitation or complaint, though she must have been tired after the long journey uphill.  Korsten managed only to pat her neck in gratitude before a strangely simple fact demanded all of his attention.
The gates were open.  No one was on watch.
“What have you done?” Korsten wondered aloud, looking about for any sign of the mage or any individuals who may have been his victims, cast into sleep by some spell or another.  It didn’t take him long to find the guardsman, slumped at his post.  “Bastard.”
Korsten dismounted, noticing that Teah chose now to get a bit antsy as he lead her through the open gates, toward the man rendered unable to watch them.  He meant to tie her to the iron fencing and proceed across the grounds on foot, until he arrived near enough to the guardsman to see that he was not slumped against the wall asleep, but rather dead.  His throat had been torn out, hidden previously by the way his head had fallen forward, so that his chin touched his chest.  In his shock, Korsten slackened his hold on Teah’s reins and she left him.  He watched her galloping back for the woods, loosely recalling the fact that she had not reacted to Areld’s corpse with such fear.  She must have sensed something else, something worse.
Did that mean Merran was right, at least in that the second demon was here at the manor?  Did that also mean that he had failed to destroy it?  Could the mage truly be dead this time and if so, what about Renmyr?
The option of walking back to Haddowyn and enlisting aid didn’t occur to Korsten.  Almost as if in a trance and almost without fear, he went ahead without Teah.  There was no fear strong enough in this world that was going to drive him back without knowing what had happened to Renmyr, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel that fear hammering in his veins.
The front yards were empty, but that was nothing odd, especially so early on a cloudy morning.  The abandonment of the stables was distressing, however.  Korsten didn’t stop to investigate, but he saw no movement anywhere near them and unless the horses were unaware, they were dead.  There were no sounds of protest from animals that should have been either agitated or afraid.  It was deathly silent across the grounds.  
The notion of equine as well as human corpses littering the stalls made Korsten queasy and made him wonder if an animal could be infected the same as people were after suffering the Vadryn’s bite.  That made him wonder just how long it had been since the guard died and whether or not he would be awakening soon, crazed and hungry.
Korsten turned as he walked to be certain no one nor anything was following him, then jogged toward the main house, treading over grass and path alike, along with any flower beds that lay along the most direct route to the front door.  He would be more than thrilled to suffer Lady Camirey’s squealing at him for tromping through her flowers, because she would have to be alive in order to do it.  Gods, please, let her be alive.  And her family as well...all of them.
At the wide front door, a pair of thick oaken barriers, Korsten paused a moment.  He placed both hands upon the wood, drew in a breath and held it while silently praying, then gave a firm push.  He met no resistance.  The door slid not quite silently open and Korsten stood looking in at a familiar place suddenly made unfamiliar with its eerie stillness and lack of residents to greet him.  Not a single servant or one family member entered the foyer or even walked past it in the large hall beyond it.
Korsten stood idle for a moment, as if remembering to be afraid.  A shudder ran the length of his spine and left him feeling even colder.  He wondered if he should call out to anyone and in the next moment decided not to.  After pushing one hand slowly through his hair, made limp by the lingering mist outside, he took cautious steps into the house.
He cleared the foyer without any people to distract him, either living or dead, and stood in the open room beyond, looking over the grand, sweeping staircase directly ahead.  He visually followed the ascent of the stairs toward the ceiling and the chandelier above him, where a multitude of tiny flames yet burned.  They should have been snuffed in the night.  The same servants who were mysteriously absent now should have performed the deed.
Korsten brought his gaze slowly back down, overlooking tasteful displays of painting and sculpture as his attention settled on the quiet emptiness to either side of him.  To his right, around the distant corner, there would be a wide passage lined with Ithan’s collection of antique armor and weapons, interspersed with his wife’s taste in florid tapestries.  To Korsten’s left, a trilogy of arched entryways introduced the ballroom.
The place we met, he thought, wishing dearly that Renmyr would come out of wherever he was hiding and let him know that everything was all right.  Since his lover failed to make an appearance, Korsten walked toward the ballroom, hating the hollow sound of his lone footsteps upon the polished floor.  Even if they had all been killed, why were there no bodies at the front of the house?  Unless it had happened very late, after everyone, even the servants had retired.  Everyone except the individuals responsible for putting out the lights.  Unsuspecting souls who may not have gotten to the front hall before...events unfolded.
Korsten found his imagination too keen at a time like this.  Finally he could bear the silence no longer.  “Hello?  Lord Camirey?  Anyone?”  
He peered in at the wide open expanse that was the ballroom.  A wall of arching glass windows displayed a wondrous view of Lady Camirey’s rose garden outside.  Along the walls there were benches with plush cushions.  Three crystal chandeliers dangled overhead, offering no light at the moment.  In the shadow created by the grayness outside, Korsten imagined light from seven years ago.
He hadn’t wanted to be here, but his uncle had insisted.  After a year’s worth of impersonating a phantom, hiding in the library, scarcely emerging to take meal or bath or rest, the introverted seventeen-year-old was finally going to make his appearance before Lord Camirey.  Korsten didn’t want to anger his uncle and he didn’t want to be deliberately unfriendly, but he quickly learned that he didn’t have anything to say to anyone.  Being thrust back into society reminded him too suddenly and too much of home.  He was desperate to get back to his library, but forced to endure.  He did so on a bench beside one of the windows, where he could look over his shoulder at roses.  They were in bloom, their petals lined with silver in the moonlight.
Silver...like Renmyr’s eyes.
Renmyr was fourteen at the time, already a very handsome young man, but Korsten was seventeen and miserable and therefore unable to see him as anything more than another spoiled child of dozens at the evening affair.  Also, Renmyr was a year and a half away from attaining his full height and for that brief period of their lives doing nothing more than intersecting, the three years between them were obvious.  Korsten was much taller and still thinner.  He never used to eat that much at home in Cenily.  Here, in Haddowyn, he’d all but taken to starving himself.  At the time it wouldn’t have mattered to him if he had faded away to nothing.  Even then, Renmyr cared.  He simply had an odd way at showing it.
“What are you doing there like that?  You look like you died and somebody propped you there.”
“Perhaps I did,”  Korsten recalled saying, scarcely having glanced at the boy who would grow into the man he would love more than anyone or anything in this world.
“I don’t believe in ghosts,” the very young Ren informed him.  “And only a ghost would have answered me if you died.”
“Aren’t you clever?”  
Renmyr continued, undaunted as ever.  “My mother puts a lot of effort into these events and you’re going to upset her.  That means that when you and the others go back to Haddowyn, I’m going to have to hear her moaning and weeping.”
“Tell her I’m admiring her flowers, if she asks.  Now please, leave me alone.”
“Tell me your name first.”
Somewhat tersely, he said, “Korsten Brierly.”
“Oh, you.  I wondered if you actually existed.  I was beginning to think Master Fand imagined that he’d taken in a relative.  Either that or you came to him deathly ill and he didn’t want to speak of it.” 
“Thank you for your concern, now good night.”
“I never said I was concerned.”
Korsten remembered all too well the moment he finally took a genuine look at his antagonist and noticed just how handsome he happened to be for one so young.  Raven black hair...a face neither too wide nor too slim with a slightly squared chin...sharp silver eyes, their unique color made all the more apparent with thick, dark lashes...and a straight nose with a vaguely aquiline aspect to it.  He was truly magnificent and, to a seventeen-year-old Korsten who’d been recently disgraced, he was too young and the wrong sex.  Of course, he’d already learned that women were the wrong sex as well, so with loneliness as his only option there was no reason to stray from it even for a moment, even for one so brilliant as...  “What did you say your name was?”
“I didn’t say what my name is.”
An intractable brat.  “Well...whoever you are, if you’re not concerned then you should have no trouble leaving me alone.”
Renmyr shrugged back then and let Korsten be with neither of them having any idea what was to come in just a few short years.
Korsten emerged from memory with the foolish notion that if he sat upon that same bench again that maybe Renmyr would come to him as he had before.  Reason stopped him from actually testing such a ridiculous theory, but it did not quell the resurgence of fear as he recalled that Renmyr might have been in this house somewhere, wounded or dead.  He abandoned the ballroom and walked directly across the hall, down the passage adorned with armor, crossed swords, axes, and spontaneous tapestries of gardens visited by unicorns or other mythical beasts, and to Ithan’s study.  He knocked first, out of habit, then recalled the circumstances and slowly opened the unlocked door.
“Lord Camirey?  Ithan?  It’s Korsten.”  The wide room furnished with a desk and an abundance of comfortable chairs for guests of the political variety as well as close friends, appeared empty at first glance.  A second glance stopped Korsten’s retreat and had him rushing to the form lying motionless on the floor just behind the desk.  “Ithan!”
The man was dead.  Korsten realized that as soon as he kneeled beside him and turned his bleeding body over.  The lord of the manor was in worse condition than the guard outside, nearly unrecognizable.  The unreality of that blatant fact rendered Korsten frozen and silent.  
After several paralyzed moments, he forced himself to look away. “I’m so sorry,” he said, to Renmyr as well as to Ithan.  Angry as they made him sometimes, Renmyr did love his family and Korsten had come to love them as well.
Deciding that he didn’t want to face Ithan’s possessed corpse, Korsten fished carefully through the dead elder’s pockets until he found keys.  He locked the study on his way out.  Silence and abandonment closed in on him again.  Sadness joined them while he stood alone in the passage...alone in a house that should have been waking with the sounds of bakers in the kitchen, children, some of them Renmyr’s young cousins, others fosterlings, eager to play before the day’s chores or duties began.  Where were they now?  Why was this house so still...and empty?  And what of the other buildings on the grounds?  Were they as abandoned?  The entire family, all of the servants, the soldiers not stationed throughout town, and even the animals could not have been killed or vanished.  He refused to believe it could be possible for something like that to happen.
“Renmyr!” Korsten shouted just as tears were escaping.  His voice tapered into sobs, muffled behind his hand.  The unreality of the situation was overwhelming.  “Ren...what’s happened here?  Where are you?”
In the next moment, he forced himself to stop crying.  This wasn’t helping Renmyr and it wouldn’t help him either if something decided to attack.  He blinked back the excess moisture after wiping at his eyes with the back of his hand, which he proceeded to rake through his falling curls.
How long?  How long before these poor murdered souls awakened as murderers themselves?  When that happened, inside the house was probably the very last place Korsten would want to be.  In spite of the apparent abandonment in the front portion of the building, he knew well that the manor housed well over forty individuals and there was no telling how many guests any given family member might have been entertaining when whatever unholy event took place here unfolded.  That wasn’t even to mention the nearby barracks and other structural attachments to the manor itself.  He wondered if people had actually fled.  Maybe the soldiers had evacuated family members, but surely someone would have reported to Hedren’s men or to Korsten himself.  
Korsten continued back to the main hall, suddenly wishing he’d come across Merran alive.  He had no talents in magic, barely an understanding of what the Vadryn were truly capable of, and he wasn’t even...
He stopped to pull down one of a pair of ancient blades hanging on the wall beside a brightly painted shield.  The short weapon wasn’t as light as he preferred a sword to be, but it wasn’t as heavy as some of the others surely were, nor as awkward as an ax would have been.  He tested the blade’s edge with his thumb and found it still sharp.  Undoubtedly it wouldn’t sever a head or any limbs from a body, but perhaps it could inflict enough pain or damage to enable escape.  It would have to do, regardless.  Korsten moved on with one worry somewhat satisfied.  The others grasped for attention at the back of his mind like cold, needy fingers.

~

Upstairs, he found the first large group of bodies.  Six evident servants and two of Renmyr’s adult cousins lay strewn down the length of the second hall Korsten explored once conquering the grand staircase.  He was in tears by the end of the passage, sobbing into his wrist, losing his grip on the sword he’d carried from downstairs.  He’d known all of these people.  True, some of them had only bobbed their head at him in passing, but they’d passed him many times in the corridors of the house, virtually his second home in Haddowyn.  All of them were dead now, murdered gruesomely by a beast that should not have been real.  The Vadryn belonged in books and children’s stories.  Not here...not at home.
Korsten forced himself to go on.  For an immeasurable period of time he wandered the passages of the manor, feeling as if he were wading through blood.  This was mass murder.  A slaughter committed by the unholiest of creatures.  Now, for the first time, he understood the severity in Merran’s eyes.  Even after seeing Areld dead and Hedren die, even having seen one of the beasts at work, it seemed a dark fantasy.  A nightmare, from which he momentarily believed he had awakened.  He would never awaken from these images.  They would haunt him until the end of his days.  
At the first space clear of the dead, he staggered up to the wall and vomited.  Between his tears and his disgust, he was sicker than he’d ever been.  He blew his nose and wiped his mouth on his handkerchief, dropped it, then literally pushed himself a total of four more steps before he fell against the wall a second time.  He couldn’t stop crying.  Though he was too tired to be distraught to this degree, the tears kept coming.  His lungs ached from sobbing, as if his own chest had been torn open as well, just like the victims behind him...and ahead of him, he was sure...surrounding him...  
His legs felt weak and heavy, as if his muscles had liquefied.  He let go of the sword he’d been carrying and sagged to his knees.
They’re all dead.  Oh, gods...why...why all of them?  Why any of them?  Why did you let the demons come here?  Father of Heaven...why?  And Renmyr...did you take him from me as well?  Was it your plan that I should look upon his corpse?  It wasn’t enough that I was born the way I am...with a woman’s heart in a man’s body?  It wasn’t enough that my father disowned me, but only after shaming and berating me with his cold austerity and his insistence that I become what he wanted in a son.  I suppose you found that funny.  That and giving me Renmyr, who I could never have truly had anyway…only to take him, like this?  And why like this?  Why Renmyr...when you could have taken me?
Korsten brought his hand to his face, blocking out only some of the sight and smell of death.  As with Hedren’s murder, he could still see the red behind his eyes, literally.  As if he’d stolen a hasty glimpse of the sun, the intense color burned his vision, even in darkness.  Gods...take me, else I will surely find my way to you.  I can promise you that.  You will torment me no more in this world.
As soon as the thought formed, the Powers that ruled over the mortal world found another game to engage their pawn in.  And this pawn, like so many others, was all too willing to be played.  Hearing footsteps, Korsten was on his own feet in a heartbeat.  Forgetting the bodies and the sword, and his illness, he followed the sound around the nearest corner, down a carpeted hall.  He soon lost the individual, but he didn’t stop walking.  He moved faster than he would have been inclined to moments before as a sudden, acute feeling of abandonment crashed over him, as if the last living person in the world had just left him for dead.
“Hello?” he dared to call out.  And then, almost pleadingly, “Renmyr?”
No one answered him and he did not hear the footsteps again, but he soon heard what he believed to be music coming from someplace ahead of him.  He paused just a moment, alarmed that anyone would set him or herself down at a harpsichord and begin playing in the midst of such a morbid, tragic scene, but then he was moving again, quickly.  Mad or not, he would take someone over no one.
Korsten tracked the somber melody to Lady Camirey’s solarium, a lovely room of windows with a view of the rose garden below.  There were pillows strewn about a pair of ancient, comfortable chairs, where Renmyr’s mother and her ladies would sit and often occupy themselves for most of a day.  The harpsichord—left alone in spite of the music Korsten thought he had heard moments before—occupied a space farther away, almost on the opposite side of the wide room while closer to the chairs and pillows there was a bench with a plush cushion.  Sometimes Lady Camirey would have a bard or a poet sit upon the bench and entertain her and her ladies with romantic songs or stories.  There was no one there or anywhere else in the room now, not living or dead.  The place was empty except for the furniture, suggesting that the murders had taken place particularly early in the morning or during the night.  Lady Camirey liked to be in here during the hours when she could best take advantage of the sunlight.
The sun was not shining into the solarium now.  The sky was cloud-filled, gloomy with the promise of rain.  Korsten’s briefly uplifted hopes sank as the room’s emptiness fully settled.  Perhaps now was as good a time as any to leave the house himself, but he found himself disinterested in what the world outside had to offer.  Haddowyn was finished anyway.  What did it need with him?  The governor and—from what Korsten had seen—his entire family and staff, including several armed soldiers, had been murdered.  The city would run itself for a little while, out of habit if nothing else, and then it would begin to collapse on itself.  The people would begin to wonder about the absence of all authority save what of Hedren’s men remained.  Maybe they would come up to the manor to find their lord slain, or maybe the Vadryn would go to them and all of Haddowyn would suffer the same fate as everyone here.  At least Morenne wouldn’t have it when it finally pushed its borders this far.  There wouldn’t be anything left worth claiming.  Perhaps someone would be conscientious enough to post a notice to beware the demons...and wandering corpses.
A chill stirred Korsten out of his malaise of depression and sarcasm.  He carried himself slowly to the bench and sat down so that he faced the rose garden.  He didn’t think to close the door.  He wondered how long it would take the bodies to find him once they began to move again.  Perhaps he could find a way to be dead himself before then.  The solarium was high enough up, if he threw himself out of a window just right, he could die among the roses.  If not... it would be a particularly unpleasant wait for one of the Vadryn’s recent numbers to finish him.
He heard slow footsteps at the door.  Perhaps he wouldn’t have to wait after all.  Don’t look.  Just let it come.  How long can it possibly hurt before it’s over?  Just think about something else.  Think about Ren...my love...my life... Wherever you are, let us meet again.  Until then...
“Korsten.”
The name was not spoken in surprise, not as a question, but as a statement, a confirmation to suspicion.  Maybe Renmyr had heard him moving about the house and been looking for him as well.  At the moment, the why of it didn’t matter.  All that Korsten knew or cared to know was that Renmyr had come.  He all but leapt up off the bench and threw his arms around his lover’s neck.  He held him tighter than ever before and held his breath for an instant, relaxing into sobs when he felt Renmyr’s strong arms encircle him.  He couldn’t speak and didn’t try.  He simply wept and refused to let go of Renmyr, alive and apparently unharmed.
“You should not have had to look upon this,” Renmyr started.  His voice was soft, but also somehow toneless, as if he himself was in a mild state of shock after all that had happened.  Perhaps Merran had come and discovered that he was wrong.  Someone in the manor was possessed, but not Renmyr.  Perhaps the mage and the demon had destroyed themselves.  But why all the others?
“Ren,” Korsten finally said, his voice steadying as the fear left him, making room for sorrow.  “Your family...oh, Ren...are they all...”
“Yes.”
A fresh wave of tears escaped.  “I’m so sorry.  If I knew of a way to undo this...”
Renmyr lifted his hand to the back of Korsten’s head, stroking his hair gently.  “No force in this world can undo what’s been done.  It’s gone too far now.”
“Ren,” Korsten said quietly.  He didn’t know what else to say.  The loss must have been overwhelming him.  He sounded so detached.  Korsten feared he wasn’t strong enough to support him.  He wanted to be.  Gods, what I wouldn’t give to be the strong one now.  To be able to shelter him and take his hurt away, as he’s done for me so many times...as he’s trying to do even now.  Even now, while his family lay dead all around him, he thinks of me first.
Renmyr drew back a little and his lips brushed Korsten’s cheek.  Without saying a word he proceeded to kiss the tears away.  Korsten closed his eyes and let him.  He knew it was foolish to waste any more time.  They were both going to die here if they didn’t leave, but Renmyr was hurting so badly.  Korsten could feel it in each soft caress.  It wasn’t something he recognized.  Renmyr had never been one to seek comfort or shelter.  He’d never been in need like he evidently was now, every touch seeming an entreaty, a pleading for contact.  As if Korsten had ever pushed him away.  He hadn’t and wouldn’t, even now, though it occurred to him that Renmyr was probably suffering too greatly to be rational.
“Ren...” the words were stolen off his lips before they could form.  Perhaps now there was a justified cause to pushing Renmyr away, but how could he?  Maybe there was no point to leaving anyway.  What could they do against the Vadryn?  Merran had failed.  No one in Haddowyn understood magic and they wouldn’t believe what Korsten and Renmyr would have to tell them, until the reawakened victims of the demon were at their doorstep and it was too late.
Renmyr drew away just long enough to look into Korsten’s eyes and to say, “Don’t be afraid, my love.”  He kissed him again, so softly.  “No one nor anything can harm us.”
Korsten knew better, but he accepted Renmyr’s resuming of his role as protector to his lover, who had never been as strong.  Through denial or seeking shelter, even if only in isolation, Korsten had always hidden from what was greater than he was or beyond his control.  He had never confronted his cousins or his father.  He was given the chance to escape and he took it.  And now Renmyr offered comfort in their last moments together and he took that as well, greedily...foolishly.
“We will be together now,” Renmyr continued, working at Korsten’s collar.  His fingers soon slid over his neck, traveling slowly downward, pushing away fabric.
“Ren,” Korsten sighed, tilting his head irresistibly as his lover began kissing the skin he’d exposed.  He slipped his arms back toward himself, so that his hands were only resting on Renmyr’s shoulders.  Lingering traces of sensibility formed his next words.  “We shouldn’t.  Not...”
Still kissing him, Renmyr pushed Korsten gently backward and guided him down to the bench.  He slipped his sufficiently loose shirt off his shoulders and sat beside him, taking him in his arms again, crushing their mouths together now.  Korsten felt his skin flush as desire rose within him too strongly.  He wanted Renmyr, badly.  Circumstances were suddenly forgotten, enabling him to kiss his lover with equal fervor.  He did so for several moments, until Renmyr broke away and started again on his neck.
Dazed by Renmyr’s passion and his own desire, Korsten wrapped his arms loosely around Renmyr and gazed over his shoulder through half-lidded eyes.  He saw nothing and lost all ability to think coherently, though images were suddenly playing in his mind...memories of red, of blood and of roses.  His body felt warmer.  His heart slipped into an even faster rhythm than that which Renmyr had inspired with his sudden, insistent affection.
Through his mind’s eye he saw a white moth and thought of Merran.  He thought of the mage, dead, and the moth changed its color from ivory to deep scarlet, as if it had been stained with Merran’s blood.  The moth shrunk a bit and its wings were suddenly speckled with black, tiny blots of shadow against delicate sheets of blood red.  The body of the creature in Korsten’s wandering imagination was suddenly thinner.  It looked more like a butterfly, one unlike any Korsten had ever seen or imagined before.  So red...so very...
Renmyr paused for the span of a breath, his lips scarcely lifting from Korsten’s neck.  In that same instant, Korsten blinked and just began to wonder at the vivid image from his imagination, still lingering in his vision, seeming to flutter toward him.  An unexplained pang of fear made his heart stutter.  Renmyr’s mouth sank against his neck.  The butterfly came, alighting just briefly upon the corner of Korsten’s lips.
His eyes shot wide, seeing nothing when a prick of pain just above his shoulder seemed to unstop a tidal flow of agony.  He opened his mouth but didn’t scream as his life seemed to drain out of him, burning as it left.  The pain blinded him, turning the world white, like a flash of lightning in the room, only it didn’t flicker or fade and the only thunder was inside of Korsten, his heart beating itself vigorously against his ribcage.  It hurt as if he’d swallowed the very fires of Hell and tossed them back in the same instant, but he didn’t lose consciousness.  He remained mercilessly aware of the agony and then of Renmyr’s scream, which called up a pain far worse.
His heart seemed to shatter, like glass.  The fragments shredded him inside, the bleeding overriding the burning.  The white blindness subsided and Korsten slumped forward, through empty air and onto the floor.  The shock of the fall snatched away what breath remained to him, but still he managed to find his voice when the form in front of him came into focus, sprawled several feet away, motionless.  “Ren?”
His lover didn’t respond, not with word or motion.  He appeared lifeless...dead.  Gods, I killed him!  There was no logic behind the thought, it simply came and so strongly that the ensuing sob tore from his throat.  “Renmyr!”
There was nothing left in Korsten beyond that.  Not voice or tears, or even breath.  His vision left him shortly afterward and he lay down in the blackness, praying never to wake.

CHAPTER SIX

Light returned to the world.  It hurt where it touched him, like thousands of white-hot needles sticking into his flesh.  He didn’t have the energy to react to the pain.  All he could do was to lie still and burn.
Am I in Hell?
Korsten dared to force his eyelids up against the tremendous weight of exhaustion.  With effort he attained a sliver of vision, a view of pale drapes fluttering in the merest breeze.  The material was white, but almost transparent in its thinness.  A slow glance upward showed him a ceiling overhead and made him suddenly aware of the surface beneath him.  It was a bed.  Not his own.
Weight or contact of some kind settled lightly upon his shoulder in the next moment, invoking a sensation of coolness, but also of warmth.  A warmth that didn’t hurt him, but somehow soothed.  The touch drifted across his chest, then slowly downward.  The lancing pain over every inch of his skin was slowly alleviated by efforts that felt somehow familiar.
“Sleep,” instructed a deep, calm voice.
Korsten closed his eyes again and returned to a dreamless darkness.

~

Voices lured Korsten out of the abyss he would have believed to be death.  He didn’t feel pain this time, only a terrible exhaustion, as if he’d been bearing an awful weight with no relief for days and nights on end.  Every limb, every muscle, felt strained and useless.  He didn’t even have the strength to open his eyes.  However, it took no effort to hear.
“How?” someone demanded.  “Tell me how this underweight, self-admiring, narrow-minded bastard has got-”
“Mind your tongue.”  Someone else.  Someone frustrated, but still calm.  “You know as well as I that there can be no illegitimate bonds.  He has the Essence in him, else he wouldn’t be here.”
“Yes, and look at those marks.”  A third voice, delicate.  “You don’t think he drew them on himself, do you?”
“I think a mistake has been made, somewhere.”  
“A choice was made.”  The calm one again.  Familiar?
“By who?”
“We won’t know until he wakes.”
Korsten deliberately kept still and quiet.  Whoever they were, whatever they were talking about, he didn’t want to know.  He wanted to die.  He wanted to be dead...because Renmyr was.
The thought came too suddenly, spurring memories, awful memories of murder.  The murder of people he knew...of the one and only person he would ever love.  I did it.  Gods...whatever happened to me...somehow it killed Renmyr.  Was it the Vadryn?  Is one of them...inside me?
Korsten’s sudden despair betrayed him.  He felt his features tense, held the tears for less than a second, then let them out on his next breath.
Cool fingers touched his face and now he did have the strength to open his eyes, and to look up at an image of holiness.  An angel?  Korsten had never seen a head so blond in all his years.  The white-gold locks fell straight and silky and free down the individual’s back, draping a fine-boned face so fair that it was difficult to tell at first glance whether or not it belonged to a man or a woman.  The lack of definition of the chest beneath pale, elaborately embroidered robes defined the stranger as a man.  A very beautiful man, neither young nor old.  His soft green eyes, almond-shaped, glinted in what appeared to be firelight—perhaps from a hearth somewhere nearby in the strange room—as he smiled gently down at Korsten.
“You are safe here.  I promise you.”  The delicate voice from before.  Seeing who—or what?—it belonged to made Korsten forget to cry.
This couldn’t be Heaven.  It must have been a trick of some kind.  As much as this individual appeared an emissary of the gods, he couldn’t be.  Demons could make themselves appear beautiful as well in order to seduce their victims into believing their lies.  Korsten believed it all to be fiction before, but he believed otherwise now.  He believed in demons and he believed that the only use angels would have had for him would be to make him into an object example for all the other vain, selfish, and thoughtless mortals in the living world.  The Vadryn were attracted to depression.  He may as well have invited the beasts to Haddowyn himself, offered Markam straight away like one offers a blanket to a guest on a cold night.  Everything that happened...all those deaths...Renmyr’s death...it was all his fault.
There were suddenly tears in the eyes of the stranger hovering over him, whose slim fingers still touched his skin.  The pain in his features, that somehow did not mar his beauty, was exquisite.  Korsten had never witnessed such suffering, but he believed that he understood it.  If this man’s pain amounts to even half of what I’m feeling now...then perhaps he isn’t a demon.  But he isn’t human.  I must be dreaming.  Yes, this is a dream, like before.  And when I wake...I’ll have Renmyr again.  I’ll save him this time.  I’ll...
Korsten failed to convince himself.  The hurt was too great, too real.  
The exceptionally blond man drew his hand away.  “I can’t-speak to him like this,” he said brokenly.  “The pain is too much.  Excuse me, please.”
The beautiful stranger turned away from Korsten and walked away, refusing the assistance of another individual who was suddenly walking with him.  Someone shorter, slight of build, dark-haired...
Korsten closed his eyes, glad to be alone.  The pain started coming back to his body and he welcomed it.  Perhaps it would kill him this time.
The mattress he was lying on suddenly sank beside him, letting him know that he was not alone after all.  He kept his eyes closed, wishing the individual would go away, especially as the pain started to abandon him again.  Leave me alone.  Let me die, damn you!
The stranger remained.  “Rest,” he said in his deep, steady voice.  He repeated the word until Korsten’s efforts to keep his eyes closed and to ignore the man were no longer effort.

~

Time often held no meaning for Merran.  It did now.
The level of Korsten’s Emergence trauma was far greater than normal.  His recovery was taking much longer than expected.  It shouldn’t have happened.  Merran was braced for it, sensing from the start that the Essence, the potential for magic, was in him, but the disgraced nobleman was not a typical choice for magehood.  Merran suspected, however, that the individual responsible for choosing him had not been typical themselves.  The bright red soul-keeper, as vivid in her display as her bond mate’s nearly crimson hair, was proof enough of unusual circumstances.  There were few mages who took red as their medium color.  
The soul-keepers always reflected the region of the Spectrum the mage who’d sent them had focused on in life.  From time to time the chosen inheritor would in some way reflect that color as well.  It seemed obvious that Korsten did.  It was evident with the butterfly’s wings and with Korsten’s hair that the source color of the young man’s predecessor was indeed red.
It was always strange to consider that it had been decided since birth, that it could take so long for Emergence to occur.  Merran suspected Korsten had been absently repressing it.  And why not?  For all of his education, he was as open to the idea of magic being a real working element of nature as a farmer was to releasing his livestock into the wilderness.  It had taken something strong to spur him toward belief.  Not uncommonly the Vadryn turned out to be the catalyst.  Entering the nightmare, seeing it as reality, shook his dam of rational thinking to the ground and unleashed an overwhelming flow of stored potential.  All at once he’d become inundated by energies he never imagined he was keeping back.  It was too much for him.  And too much for the other as well.
Even so, it had almost claimed Korsten.  The demon had come so close...it was so strong, much stronger than it should have been.  Merran would still have been suffering if not for the distraction Korsten provided when he arrived at the manor.  The Vadryn would have made good on its promise to torture him for the next century or longer, of that Merran had no doubt.  Korsten’s arrival had drawn the demon’s attention, enabling Merran to eventually escape after it left him.  He’d been too late to save Korsten from the fate his lover had planned for him, but Merran arrived in time to see that his assistance was not required.  The red butterfly clinging to one of the windows left intact explained the circumstances as openly as the victim splayed on the floor, his skin covered with archaic symbols found only in the oldest books on magecraft, and upon the bodies of mages, particularly those who had recently suffered Emergence.  The symbols were the first manifestation of the power previously lying dormant within them.
The characters would depart from the body with time and usually only appear again when a particular power was invoked, the mage’s Ambient power most often.  While more than one talent always Emerged, usually only one would reach Ambience.  Merran was an example of unusual circumstances himself, holding both Healing and Reasoning at Ambience.  Endurance, Empathy, and Foresight had also Emerged when it came time for him to awaken to his destiny.  While Empathy lingered impotently since Emergence, the other two had elevated to Resonance.  It was highly unlikely that they would go beyond that level, even if Merran proved skilled enough to make Mage-Superior.  Too many talents, too many strong talents, tended to interfere with one another, causing the mage more trouble than it was worth, either to the mage or the Seminary.  That may have been the case with Korsten.  While it was impossible for any of his talents to have gone beyond Emerged yet, there may have been too many talents.  In his lingering emotional state he could be an invalid for years, too confounded physically, mentally, and spiritually to function even normally, let alone as a mage.
“It may be that we’ll have to finalize the bond perforce,” someone said, drawing Merran’s attention outward and his touch away from the delicate flower with showy red petals he had been absently fingering.  
In his rumination, he’d failed to notice that he had even wandered out of doors.  There were suddenly flowers all around him and a network of trellises arcing over stone pathways, draped with blossoming vines.  Sunlight peeked through in random places, glistening off dew-kissed petals or the incessantly moving wings of the bees and small birds that tended to the lush garden.  No human hand was necessary in caring for these plants, rooted here millennia ago by magic, but that did not stop one wanting to touch them.
“Is he so bad off?” Merran finally asked without turning to look at Mage-Superior Ashwin.
The exceptionally blond man stepped into Merran’s view and reached out for one of the red lilies himself.  His slim fingers cupped the fragile petals with graceful caution and he leaned toward the flower as if to kiss it.  He stopped just short, simply taking in the fragrance, appearing even fairer in the action.  He tilted his face just enough to look at Merran, seeming to bear the weight of a thousand deaths upon his soul.  He had borne such a weight before, but this time the pain was more focused, drawn from a single source that was the equal to a thousand deaths.  
“He is worse,” Ashwin said softly.  And then he straightened, slowly releasing the carefully captured flower.  “His spirit weeps like an open wound bleeds.  His heart is broken, Merran.  His will is virtually non-existent.”
“I am at a loss as to what more can be done for him,” Merran admitted.  “Reaching from as far away as Haddowyn did not help, but to attempt the journey on horseback would have been far worse.  Especially with a Master hunting us.”
“The Reach took more out of you, I’m sure,” Ashwin replied.  “We have your Endurance to thank for your still being with us.  When a demon targets an individual for destruction, it is never a quick process.”
Merran didn’t have to be reminded.  He still felt the wounds upon him, even though they’d long ago been healed.  Worse than the wounds and the physical trauma that had come with them, he felt the madness...the corrosive will of the Vadryn.
“I was careless, I think,” Merran finally said, tonelessly as his thoughts lingered too far back.  “It won’t happen again.”
“You are invaluable to us, Merran,” Ashwin told him and the Mage-Adept caught a slight but sincere smile on the blond elder’s lips.  “One of the few we feel secure in sending out alone.  You always come back to us.  Not always with a guest, but there is room for him here...and a need.”
“He may not recover,” Merran reminded as they returned to the original subject.
“You could recover him, my friend, if your talent for Empathy would Emerge.”
“It hasn’t,” Merran replied needlessly.  He added, “It may be that it never will.  Would it help if we made him aware of the betrayal?”
Ashwin shook his head almost imperceptibly.  “There was no betrayal, none that he would see at this time, no matter how the circumstances were explained to him.  Understand that Renmyr Camirey was not merely a man possessed.  The web of deception he wove was so intricate and so strong as to scarcely seem a deception at all, only a binding truth.  That truth binds Korsten still.  I fear he will never escape it.”  The much older man who appeared younger sighed quietly.  He held out his hand to a hummingbird as it became interested in the flowers nearest to him and watched it taste his fingers experimentally.  “Separation from the soul dampens the emotions.  Perhaps it will help to increase the bond level.  Recall how you yourself felt a certain stability, a balance, when you entrusted Eolyn with the deepest part of yourself.”
Merran recalled too well.  He felt that balance now as the fine thread that remained of his soul within himself led to Eolyn.  Only his physical death could sever that strand and until that time, when she would carry his soul back to this very place, they were linked and as one.  It was the same for all at the Seminary from full Mage to Mage-Superior.  Only Mage-Apprentices, those waiting for Emergence, were without a soul-keeper constantly present and therefore without the unique bond they offered.  
As Merran took a moment to fully appreciate Eolyn—the white moth was currently perched upon a wide green leaf just above his head—a large dragonfly with a glistening green body alighted upon Ashwin’s shoulder.  It was the Mage-Superior’s soul-keeper, attuned to his primary Ambience, which reflected brilliantly in the man’s eyes.  
While the blue of Merran’s gaze symbolized the mind and his own primary Ambience; Reasoning, green was the color of emotion and no mage at the Seminary had a stronger talent for Empathy than Ashwin.  He didn’t have to spell-touch Korsten to feel the man’s pain, but he had used magic in order to focus on Korsten alone and that made it worse for him.  He knew exactly how Korsten felt and he understood those feelings as even Korsten couldn’t.  The tears in his eyes, even now, were nothing less than genuine.
“Unfortunately, Korsten is the least of our worries,” Ashwin finally said, lowering his hand as the hummingbird he’d been humoring finally flitted away.  “While it is always an advantage to have another mage awakened to his or her duty, soon it may make very little difference whether or not our numbers increase by one or one hundred...or one thousand.”
Merran was shocked to hear this, particularly from Ashwin, who could only have Korsten’s gripping depression to blame for his sudden lack of optimism.  Apart from his very strong talent for Empathy, the Mage-Superior had a rare talent become Ambience; Will.  White was the color of the spirit and all that came with it; desire, hope, love, inner strength, stamina, some aspects of healing, and the will.  Most mages with white as their medium color, as Ashwin’s happened to be, had talents linked to the spirit such as Endurance, Healing, Strength, Reasoning, and Foresight.  Very few possessed Will itself and even fewer brought it to Ambience.  Though it was not Ashwin’s primary Ambience, it was potent and often didn’t allow for despair or despondency.  None generated by his own spirit, at any rate.  It had to be Korsten affecting him now.  There was no other explanation.
“Haddowyn is lost,” Ashwin continued.  “Morenne will take what the Vadryn leave, else the Master will destroy the lesser beasts and claim the town for itself.  Another piece of Edrinor is lost.  The Old Kingdom will never be restored at this rate.  How can we balance a war against the living, whom we are supposed to defend and the undead, against whom the living have no defense?”
“No defense, except us,” Merran offered carefully.
Ashwin placed a comforting hand on Merran’s shoulder.  “We are not enough.  Politically, we are powerless without a ruler upon Edrinor’s throne.  To half the land we are a myth and to the other half we are ghosts.”  Ashwin’s hand slipped away from Merran and lifted to his own brow.  “I thought masking the events which took place here years ago would keep panic and chaos from spreading like wildfire, but I see that I have burned ignorance upon the masses instead with my decision.”
“It was the only decision you could make,” Merran told him.  “It is not easy to choose between skepticism and faithlessness.  Better to have to convince an individual than to have them know and not care, perhaps to resent.  We would have to fight the people of Edrinor as well as the Morennish people and the Vadryn.  They would see us as betrayers, the reason for the last King’s death...his brutal murder at the claws and fangs of demons.”
Ashwin lowered his slender white hand.  “Are we not the reason, Merran?  Was it not the betrayal of one of our own that enabled the Vadryn to enter Vassenleigh?  To pass through our Barriers and attack us unaware?  How many of us died that night, my friend?  How many of the townspeople who had supported us and trusted us died horrible deaths for our failure?”  Ashwin’s green eyes were wet again, the moisture spilling onto his soft cheeks.  
Merran knew that part of what he was hearing was Korsten speaking through the mage who had spell-touched him.  He knew and he felt badly, however, Merran’s Empathy remained stubbornly dormant and while Healing may have been his secondary Ambience, it was more physical healing than spiritual.  Eolyn reflected the source color of Merran’s predecessor with white, but his medium was black, symbolizing mortality and death, something he had known too much about even before Emergence and becoming a mage.  He did not consider himself one for providing comfort to another beyond what he could provide by mending a physical injury or dulling a physical pain.
Ashwin came at him as the thoughts were forming.  He placed both hands upon Merran’s shoulders, as if he would fall against him and weep.  He didn’t do either.  His fingertips pressed harshly into Merran as he closed his grip with unnatural desperation.
“What-” Merran started, but Ashwin wouldn’t let him finish.
“Stop him,” he said, sounding as if he were speaking to someone else rather than the mage he was clutching.  And in the next moment, he was shouting, pain and panic upsetting his features.  “Someone stop him!”


~

Merran knew what he would find before he arrived at Korsten’s room.  Ashwin insisted that he leave him where he was and so he did.  And he rushed back indoors, through the long deep corridors of the Seminary until he finally reached its newest resident.  Korsten lay on the floor, dressed in what sheets had managed to fall with him, his own blood pooling beneath him from a long cut traveling the length of his left forearm from wrist to elbow.  He’d finally gained the strength to move on his own...and this is what he does?  
The knife had come from a breakfast tray left by a Mage-Apprentice who evidently forgot to stay and watch over the newcomer.  It wasn’t a terribly sharp blade, but sharp enough when put with Korsten’s unreasonable determination to end his life.  He’d been fighting Merran’s healing spells since Merran found him traumatized at the Camirey manor three months ago.  Merran had half a mind to let him die if he was so damned set on it, but humaneness wouldn’t allow it.  
Crouched at Korsten’s side, Merran determined to do what he could.  An initial spell was worked immediately, stopping the blood flow and hurriedly closing the jaggedly opened skin.  The cut had been course and probably much more painful than it had to be, except that the idiot wasn’t willing to wait until something sharper came within his reach.  He saw an opportunity and took it, like a spoiled child stealing for the sake of it.  His lover had coddled him too much and his mother before that, Merran guessed.
Well, there’s no one to cosset you here, you despondent fool.  Agonize all you want, but you will do it while alive...and well, if I have anything to say about it.  Death will not save you anyway.  It will not let you forget your pain.
Oblivious to Merran’s thoughts and all but dead to the world, Korsten lay motionless and expressionless in his blood and bedding.  The butterfly placed itself on his pale shoulder, almost blending with a stray curl.  She was ready, as she had been since bringing her bond mate his first taste of the ancient power that had awakened those already existing within himself.  Merran could make the decision.  Ashwin had as much as charged Korsten to his care, but somehow he didn’t feel the time was right.  He believed it would be more detriment to the man’s recovery than help at this stage.
“Not yet,” he said to the soul-keeper.  He watched the delicate creature flutter away, then disentangled Korsten from the bedding and gathered the younger man into his arms.  He was exceptionally lightweight, even while unconscious and unable to support himself; he’d probably never eaten a full and proper meal in his life.  Merran had no trouble carrying him to the bath that had been prepared for him by the same Apprentice who seemed to think he or she had more important things to do than what they’d been told.
The water was still warm in the large basin.  Merran lowered Korsten’s limp body into it, propping him against the rim long enough to stand and remove his own coat.  He had a habit of wearing the long garment always, even on days and nights when he wasn’t planning on leaving the Seminary.  It was too late to avoid getting blood on it, but he removed it anyway, pushed back the sleeves of his equally dark tunic, and knelt beside the bath again.  He found a sponge beside the soap and towels that had been laid out and began cleaning the blood away from Korsten’s damaged arm so that he could see the wound and smooth out his hasty mending job.  He felt the man’s pulse as he loosely held his wrist in one hand, sponging with the other.  He would live, but his recovery would be slowed by the loss of blood he’d suffered, though it wasn’t nearly as bad as it could have been.  If Ashwin had not been in spell-contact with him, Korsten might well have succeeded in killing himself.  Merran wanted to lay blame on the Mage-Apprentice responsible for attending to Korsten in his absence, but he knew the blame actually lay with himself, knowing what he knew of this man.
“I see that I will have to watch you constantly,” he mumbled to his unconscious patient.  “As if I have nothing more important to do.  I suppose it’s my punishment for failure.  I may have destroyed the rogue demon I’d been tracking, but I couldn’t save Haddowyn.”
Korsten leaned against the rim of the basin with his head lolling over his shoulder.  The man’s sudden lack of elegance was almost comical, except that the circumstances behind it were so dire.  His expression was blank, but still not free of pain.  Even in unconsciousness he suffered.  How could he not?  He’d narrowly evaded becoming puppet to a demon.  Having not just the strings of his heart but the strings of his very soul, of his life essence, pulled by the clawed hands of a monster, one he honestly believed that he loved.  And in the same instant he was saved from one fate, he’d been cast into another.  Both incidents had left their mark upon him.  
On his neck, just above his shoulder, there was a scar, a symbol unlike the others etched upon his body in spell fire in that it had been carved there.  Merran had cut the crossed lines into Korsten’s fair skin himself, because if he had not sealed the Vadryn’s poison with that immediate physical and magical effort, the man would have belonged to the beast after all and in spite of Emergence.  Unlike the scratches delivered by the maddened victim of the rogue Vadryn, the wound Renmyr Camirey had inflicted was the result of a very deliberate effort, a spell in itself that would have utterly conquered his victim’s will.  There was no magic known to the Seminary for undoing what Camirey had attempted and had he succeeded, death would have been Korsten’s only option.
Merran slowed his efforts with the sponge, staring at the angry-looking mark on Korsten’s otherwise perfect neck.  Even after three months it showed no signs of fading.  It wouldn’t.  Korsten would carry the scar forever, on his body and in his memory.  Merran lifted the sponge to the other man’s neck and wiped at the wound gently, even though it was useless.  “I told you never to let the Vadryn draw blood from you.”
His hand drifted back with the sponge, settling once again on the previously wounded arm.  The damage was fading even as Merran watched.  He continued feeding the magic into his patient and allowed his gaze to wander, to see the many black characters drawn by an unseen hand over Korsten’s chest, across his stomach, down both legs and upon both arms.  Only his face and neck had been spared.  Merran wasn’t sure what it meant, except that an abundance of talents or an exceptionally strong one had Emerged from a dormant state.
Merran had come to the Seminary as an Apprentice, called to the task, but not summoned the way Korsten had been.  The presence of the red butterfly at the time of Emergence confirmed the bond that had taken place with Korsten.  Eolyn hadn’t come to Merran fully until years after his training and the painstaking process of knowingly inducing Emergence.  Merran could have gone his whole mortal life not knowing that he had the potential to become a mage.  He was a mage because he’d wanted to be.  He needed to be.  It mystified him that someone like Korsten, so unaware and unconcerned, could be chosen, granted a bond mate and full Mage status from the start, though he would know nothing more than the rankest Apprentice until he’d been properly trained.  He might never make Mage-Adept with his heart not in it, but he would always, from the day of Emergence forward, be considered a Mage, a resident of rank at the Seminary.  He already had a bond mate and, when he was well enough, he would be given a life-mentor, one of the twelve Mage-Superiors at the Seminary, probably Ashwin since he had already taken an interest in him.  
Merran had had instructors, veritable employers, while he waited and worked for Emergence.  Rising to Mage-Adept had been no easy task either and he wondered sometimes if he truly deserved the rank.  After what had happened in Haddowyn...
“Bastard...” Korsten murmured just then, still bordering on unconscious, pulling slowly out of it.  “Let me...be.”
“Idiot,” Merran answered.  There was no need for etiquette here.  This was no longer Korsten Brierly, Vicegerent to the Governor of Haddowyn and perfect stranger.  This was simply Korsten, raw mage and recalcitrant patient.  “Did it ever occur to you that I told you to stay put for a reason?  Your stubbornness in going to the Camirey manor might have cost you your life.”
While argumentative seemed to be Korsten’s second nature, the man said nothing now.  
Merran continued dropping words upon deaf ears.  “Damned if your obstinacy didn’t save my own life.  Though I’m quite certain that wasn’t your intention.”  With Korsten’s arm sufficiently cleared of injury and blood, Merran proceeded up the arm, toward the shoulder.  He looked at Korsten’s tilted face.  He looked something like a sleeping boy just at the moment, with all of his guards down for once.  Merran’s Empathy might have been dormant, but he could still feel pity for an individual.  He was sure he felt it now.  “You poor, deluded fool.  You must have been blinded by your loneliness.  And now you’ll never see clearly again.  Why is the truth so hard a thing to recognize, even as it stares one directly in the face?”
Korsten again answered him with silence.
Merran focused on the man’s closed eyes, the long red lashes fanning his cheeks.  He truly was beautiful.  The unplanned thought made Merran’s face feel warmer than it should have, but he failed to look away from the captivating view in front of him.  For months he’d looked upon this face, asleep, unresponsive...a sedate mask to hide the agony that others now saw in Ashwin.  Perhaps seeing it in Ashwin was actually why Merran saw it here...now.  
“When you are awake you are in tears,” he whispered.  “And when you are asleep, Ashwin cries for you.  Your pain runs deeper than I can reach.  Deeper than I can understand.”  
He extended one finger away from the sponge just enough to brush a limp red curl away from Korsten’s chin.  Still smooth.  The man had no ability to grow facial hair, else the Apprentices had been more thorough than was expected of them in caring for him in his unconscious state.  Merran felt his features soften helplessly.  You are the most curious and somehow compelling obstacle I have ever come across.
Just as the thought finished forming, brown eyes fluttered open, locked with Merran’s gaze for a moment, and then strayed away.  Merran withdrew as Korsten tried to sit himself up a little better, but still offered support, so that he didn’t slip completely into the basin and somehow manage to drown himself.
“Where,” the red-head started, clearly disoriented.
“Try to relax,” Merran advised.  “You’ve been through quite a lot.”
Korsten looked at him again, and finally recognized him.  “You’re...dead.”
Merran suppressed the smile the other man’s words inspired.  “Almost.”
Korsten appeared justifiably confused by that statement.  “Where am I?” he asked and didn’t wait for an answer.  Slipping his arm from Merran’s loose grasp, he stood and stepped out of the basin, heedless of his bareness.  Merran expected him to fall, but somehow he didn’t.  Korsten surveyed the large room again, noticing the blood and the bloodied sheets beside the bed.  That prompted him to look at his arm, which drew his attention to the rest of himself.  “What...what have you done to me?”
“I healed you,” Merran answered honestly, looking at the floor instead of the nude and distressingly attractive form in front of him.
“Healed...”  Korsten lowered to his knees, wisely, before he collapsed.  He hugged himself, shivering for a moment.  “Why can’t you let me die?”
Merran frowned at him.  “That’s a stupid question,” he said bluntly, finally coming to the end of his patience, or near to it at any rate.  “I think I’ll overlook it, but in answer to your first inquiry, this is the Seminary.”
Korsten had no more ease saying it now than he had the first time he’d tried.  “The  Seminary…then it’s true, isn’t it?  Renmyr’s dead.”  His voice grew immediately more strained, more painful to listen to.  “Gods...Ren...”
Merran felt disgust now as well as pity.  How could anyone feel anything for a demon?  How could the lie be this convincing?  It was convincing enough to fool me, Merran reminded himself.  Even he hadn’t suspected Renmyr Camirey of being anything more than an arrogant bastard until it was too late.  Such was the power of a very old demon, who’d found a very suitable vessel; one that didn’t fight it.  Renmyr had welcomed the beast, joined with it...become it.  And not by conventional means.  He was no victim.  That much was certain and it sickened Merran that Korsten couldn’t see that...that he wouldn’t see that, even if it was explained to him with irrefutable evidence placed directly in front of him.



CHAPTER SEVEN

Korsten had no sense of time.  He kept waking out of darkness and falling back into it.  Each time he found himself briefly in a nightmare that grew increasingly more distressing, more real.  And he couldn’t leave it, no matter how hard he tried.  Someone continually thwarted his best efforts.  Merran...
Bastard, I thought you were dead.  Why couldn’t you have died instead of Renmyr?
The selfishness of that thought occurred to Korsten long after it had formed.  The selfishness and the malice.  Why should he wish death upon a stranger, when the blame lay with him?  Renmyr was gone because of him.
The pain of realization threw Korsten into full consciousness.  He opened his eyes to a strange place that he was beginning to recognize, then covered them with his hands and wept for several minutes while lying on his side in a strange bed.  He felt no better by the time he stopped, but he was too tired to carry on.
“That’s becoming very annoying,” someone said, inspiring an immediate frown.
“Bastard,” Korsten snapped without turning to look at the man stationed at the bedside.  Uncontrollable tears softened his words.  “Who...asked you?  Just leave me alone.”
“I wish that I could,” Merran replied.  “But as you’ve proven untrustworthy...”
Korsten rolled over, glaring fiercely at this man who he was sure he hated like none other.  “I trusted you.  I believed you when you said you could help us.  And now everyone I cared about is dead!”
Merran held his blue gaze steady, saying nothing while he sat collected and indifferent in a high-backed chair positioned so that it faced the bed’s occupant.  He was so cold...so...
Words eluded Korsten.  He didn’t care anyway.  He only wanted to be left alone...alone to die…please, gods, let me die.  Turning over again, Korsten hugged the pillow beneath him and cried softly into it.
“Are you finished?” Merran asked several minutes later, after Korsten had exhausted himself and made his lungs and back hurt.  “I’d rather not repeat the same spell over and over.  It does begin to strain after a while.”
“Just go away,” Korsten whispered tremulously, staring at a trilogy of arced windows fronting a vine-festooned balcony that seemed hundreds of miles away.  He wondered what lay beyond that balcony besides more nightmare.  And that was all life was or could be without Renmyr.  He would never have his arms around him again.  He would never hear his confident voice or his impassioned sigh again.  They would never ride together again and stray intentionally from the riding paths on Ithan’s private land.  No more playing only friends at Brenwick’s.  No more arguments because Calla was a shameless whore.  No more taking back their harsh words with tender kisses.
The mattress lowered beside him and a hand settled lightly upon his back.  Korsten stiffened, determined to shun Merran’s unwanted attention, but he couldn’t deny that the strain in his back and shoulders eased away with the mage’s healing touch.
“I didn’t bring you here simply to watch you suffer, you know,” the mage said civilly.  “It frustrates me, though, to see suffering...of the type that I cannot heal.  There is no one who can heal your pain, I think you know.  Perhaps time...”
Korsten said nothing.  He was scarcely listening to the man as he closed his stinging eyes and tried to will death upon himself.
“Perhaps not,” Merran added eventually, still administering his soothing spell.  He wasn’t actually touching Korsten, just as he hadn’t been when mending the damage done to his leg by Areld.  It felt like he was touching him, though, and Korsten resented it because it reminded him that he would never feel Renmyr’s touch again.
“I don’t want to live,” Korsten finally spoke, his voice barely above a whisper.  “If you don’t want to see suffering, then let me be.  Let me do what I must.”
“What you must?” Merran echoed, a twinge of bitterness in his tone.  “You must die for a love that should never have been?  For…”
“What do you know of it?” Korsten demanded, squirming away from the mage’s spell hand and sitting up to face him.  “From the start you acted as if you knew something about me, and you know nothing!  Renmyr was everything to me!  Do you understand that?  He was…everything.”  Korsten’s voice faltered.  He lifted his hand to his mouth in time to catch the escaping sob.  He hated that he had no control over himself, or over anything.
Merran’s very blue eyes narrowed and were as ice.  “A pity you did not mean half so much to him.”
Korsten glared vehemently.  “How dare you?  You-”
“You’re very fond of asking me that; how I dare.  I dare because I know,” the mage hissed.  “Because I have seen.  I have seen the Vadryn kill...time and time and time again.  They never stop.  They will never stop, not so long as they have souls to prey upon.  Those they do not kill quickly, die a slow, mournful death, slipping further each day into an unexplained depression.  Knowing only that there is a constant weight upon their hearts, a dismal fog enshrouding their minds, a darkness from an unknown source, taking their lives from them slowly.”
“I arrived in Haddowyn depressed,” Korsten argued.  “If I was any worse off it was because I feared losing Renmyr, not because I had him.  Any dark influence came from Markam, from the demon that had taken him.  I saw the evil in him, but never in Renmyr!  He loved me and don’t you dare again to tell me otherwise!”
Merran wouldn’t give up.  “Ask yourself why he was the only one left alive in that house.”
Korsten looked away from him, swatting irritably at the winged insect suddenly fluttering in his breathing space in the same moment.  As an afterthought he looked to see if Merran was still wearing that ridiculous brooch.  He wasn’t, so maybe it was real after all and flitting about the room now.
“I will tell you what I faced in that house,” Merran decided.
“I will not hear this,” Korsten told him, swatting again at the moth who seemed to be taking his hair for an actual flame.
“I am going to tell you anyway,” Merran said, then snatched Korsten’s wrist and pulled his hand down.  “And stop doing that.  She’s here to help you.”
Korsten frowned, angry and puzzled.  “Who...”
A red butterfly drifted into his line of sight, then settled onto the bedding that lay twisted in front of him.  Korsten stared, horrified as memory flooded over him.  He’d seen such an insect before...when whatever happened to him killed Renmyr.
“She feels your agitation,” Merran said, as if to explain something.  “It makes her restless.  She is trying to get near to you because she thinks it will help.  It can’t really, not yet, but it is her nature.”
Korsten continued to stare for several moments, speaking when a name suddenly came to mind.  “Eolyn.”
“She is my bond mate,” Merran replied.  “This is yours.  I do not know her name...but you do.”
Korsten finally looked at the mage and found his senses again.  He twisted free of the man’s loose grasp, glaring again.  “You’re mad.”  He shooed the obscenely scarlet butterfly away.  “That is nothing more than an insect and if it has a name, I assure you that I don’t know it and that I don’t want to know it.  I want to leave here,” he decided in the next moment.  “Where are my clothes?”
Merran sat back, placing himself on the edge of the mattress again.  “They are being tailored for you and will be brought to you when you are well enough to put them on without collapsing and cracking your skull on something.”
“Bring them to me now,” Korsten insisted.
“It isn’t-”
Korsten didn’t let him finish.  “I’m leaving.”  He flung and kicked the bedding away from himself and slid off the side of the bed, opposite Merran.
“There is still a constable in Vassenleigh,” the mage said.  “I’m sure he won’t hesitate to arrest a man walking naked through his town, covered in the telltale scars of Emergence.”
“The scars of what?”  Korsten looked at himself, and almost collapsed.  He managed to sit instead of fall, but he felt suddenly ill and he couldn’t take his eyes off the peculiar symbols drawn over nearly every inch of his skin.  “What...is this?  What have you done to me?”
“You asked that once already,” Merran reminded.
“I...thought that I was dreaming,” Korsten whispered, too shocked to frown, though he was seething under his marred skin.  He asked again, “What is this?”
“The reason I brought you here, Korsten,” Merran answered.  “The Essence is in you, the potential for magic, gifts bestowed upon you from birth by your predecessor, who served the Seminary long before your parents dreamed of you.  Your talents, dormant throughout your previous life, Emerged all at once...and at the precise moment a Vadryn Master meant to claim you.  Emergence negated the demon, throwing it clear of you.  Defeated and thoroughly alarmed, I would imagine, it left you where you lay, traumatized by what had happened to you.  We call it Emergence trauma, a state of shock almost all of us suffer when our talents finally awaken.  The markings will fade as you recover.  They should have faded months ago, but you battle all efforts to help you.”
“Months?”  It was the one word of all that Merran had said that Korsten understood.
“Three months,” the mage confirmed.  “And fourteen days.  Your physical strength has mostly returned to you, but my spells can only do so much.  Not even Mage-Superior Ashwin can reach you where you suffer most.  He has tried and managed only to share your burden without relieving any of it.  It is because I watch the both of you in such agony that I let my frustration get the better of me.  I’ll ask your forgiveness now.”
“You’re lying,” Korsten said, almost too quietly to be heard.  Even as he looked at the dreadful symbols tattooed upon his skin, he refused to believe any of it.  “This can’t be real.  Everyone at Vassenleigh is dead.  The Seminary no longer exists...and I am not a mage.  I know nothing of magic and I don’t want to know anything of it.”
“The spirits of dead mages are kept here,” Merran said, as if he hadn’t heard what was just told to him.  “They are tended to by creatures capable of existing between worlds, that of the living and that of the dead.  When a mage dies—a true mage—he or she returns here in spirit.  The essence of magic that can never be destroyed, that existed in them, and is a part of them, travels to another vessel and waits to be awakened again.  When the individual is ready, the one who bestowed that most precious gift upon them sends a messenger born of their spirit.  Contact with that messenger awakens and bonds the chosen mage.  The bond is at its weakest level now, but it will grow and you will entrust the most precious aspect of yourself to your bond mate, who will return that part of you here in the event of your death, even if your body should be utterly destroyed.  Your gifts will one day be passed to another.  That is the cycle.”
“That is madness,” Korsten told him.  “You cannot expect me to believe…any of this.”
“You would feel the changes in yourself, if you would allow yourself to recover,” Merran continued, persistent as he ever was.  “You would feel it and you would know your predecessor, as well as the name of your bond mate.  She will speak only to you and not with words.  You will feel what she has to say, if you listen with your soul.  Your soul is the connection between the two of you and it can never be broken by anything other than the utter destruction of your physical being.”
A helplessly sardonic smile drew to Korsten’s lips.  “Oh?  And where is that unsightly creature that was so avidly clinging to you?  I don’t see it now.”
“You were curious before, even if skeptical” Merran said.  “You are not even that now and have therefore rendered yourself blind as most ordinary people are.”  He lifted his hand to his collar and a large white moth stirred from thin air, or so it seemed, fluttering up toward the ceiling.  “She does not cling to me always,” the mage continued, his voice softening just a little.  “But she is never far from me.”
Korsten turned away and closed his eyes.  “I don’t want this.  I don’t want to be here.”  I don’t want to be in this world without Renmyr.
“Haddowyn is lost,” Merran finally said, almost with compassion.  “Edrinor remains, though no one can say for how long.  Your duty has been given to you.  Accept it at least, if you can’t embrace it.  You are needed, Korsten.”
“Leave me alone,” Korsten whispered.  “Please.”
Merran waited, then stood and left the room.  Korsten glanced over his shoulder to see him gone, then slowly bent over his lap and softly wept.

~

He had fallen asleep again without knowing it and awakened to find himself still in some state of existence.  He hadn’t eaten, he was sure of it.  After more than three months he should have been not only completely emaciated, but completely dead.  It must have been magic keeping him alive.  It must have been magic enabling his muscles to work after so long not using them.
Korsten sat up slowly in the bed he was coming to know, finding himself unexpectedly alone.  Breakfast or a meal of some kind had been set out for him, the bread and apple already cut so that it wasn’t necessary to leave him a knife.  Bastards.
He looked across the room at the wash basin that was still there and thought about drowning himself, but that seemed like too much effort at the moment.  His tormentors had probably emptied it anyway.  Merran had probably done it himself.  Surprising that he didn’t find a way to throw the water on Korsten, just to wake him and remind him of his presence.  He’d been nothing but an unreasonable irritant since the moment Korsten set eyes on him.  He might have been considered an ally at one point, but then...Hedren died and Markam...and...
Korsten thought about the last moment he could remember with Renmyr.  He recalled Renmyr kissing him.  He recalled seeing red...feeling hot...
A ribbon of pain flared at his neck and he lifted his hand reflexively.  His fingers touched what was evidently a wound of some kind.  Not bleeding, he discovered after rubbing at it lightly and examining his fingertips.  Still, it felt unhealed, warm even.  It might have been infected.  It seems you missed a place, Merran.  I could run a fever as a result of your carelessness and die.  I’ll thank you for that hope, but not for anything else.
Korsten pushed away the bedding someone had thrown over him while he lay unconscious and swung his legs slowly off the wide mattress.  He caught a glimpse of crimson in the thin white curtains and glared at the insect clinging to the transparent fabric, impervious to the breeze that sent a chill over Korsten’s bare skin.
Well, not bare.  I still have these obscene markings that some deranged, perverted soul scribbled upon me.  And you think that I’m troubled, Father.  If I could see the look on your face now...gods, I can only imagine what you’d be thinking.
On impulse, Korsten touched one of the marks upon his left arm and tried wiping it away.  It didn’t even smudge.  He gave up quickly, unconcerned with how he looked.  He wasn’t planning to live another day.  If the balcony wasn’t up high enough that leaping off it would break his neck, then he was going to hang himself with the bedding.  He was not going to live, knowing that he had killed Renmyr, knowing that Renmyr was dead.
You were everything to me.  I hated Haddowyn when I first arrived.  I learned to love it for your sake, because you did.  You brought me out from beneath the shelter of my books and though the world you showed me wasn’t perfect, it was worth living in because you were there.  I could endure anything for you...and I can endure nothing without you.  It hurts to breathe, Ren.  I can’t bear the pain, though I may deserve it.
A strange sensation held the tears Korsten was on the verge of shedding.  He felt oddly as if he were not alone in the room, as if someone had just said something to him.  Something important.
He looked over his shoulder, toward the room’s door, to be sure no one had entered.  The door remained closed and the room empty, save for himself...and a single winged creature that didn’t even have the sense to be outside doing whatever creatures of its like were supposed to do.  It certainly hadn’t spoken to him.
For some reason he thought just then of Merran reprimanding him for having a closed mind.  Before that thought could finish forming he was thinking of Renmyr again, forgetting to cry as he saw his lover in his mind’s eye, holding him, kissing him more passionately than comfortingly.  Renmyr’s family...all of them were dead.  They’d been murdered, every last person in the house.  All but Renmyr, who had said...who’d responded strangely to Korsten’s sympathy for his terrible loss.
You weren’t afraid, Ren.  You were in shock...I thought.  You were...weren’t you?
Korsten felt his eyes welling with tears, but he didn’t cry.  He couldn’t as his thoughts stuck on those last awful moments at the Camirey manor.
‘We will be together now,’ you said.  Not in death.  That wasn’t what you meant, was it?  But what else could you have meant?  No...this is madness.
Korsten shook his head, as if the action would erase the thoughts.  He wasn’t even sure what he was thinking or why he was thinking it.  Renmyr was dead.  He died because...
Korsten recalled losing consciousness after his body overheated without explanation.  He didn’t remember anything beyond seeing Renmyr lying dead before him.  And now he had a strange vision of Renmyr rising from the floor.  He saw himself still lying down, as if he were someone else looking upon the scene, a helpless witness.  Renmyr stepped slowly toward his fallen lover, looking silently upon him.  He said nothing.  He did nothing.  After only a few moments, Renmyr walked away.
He left.  Korsten stared at nothing for several moments, blind in his sudden state of awareness, that didn’t make any sense and that somehow could not be denied.  Slowly, he lifted his hand, pushing back the limp red curls that had blocked half his vision.  He saw no better for the action as his eyes became flooded with tears.  He drew perfectly still with his hand at the back of his neck, staring at the floor beneath his naked feet.  Heavy drops slipped down his face one at a time.  This was not despair or even shock, but an all-encompassing sadness that stemmed of a truth he didn’t want to accept, but could not banish.  He could move, but he didn’t want to.  His thoughts were not a painful swirl of agony, but suddenly very clear and hurting him in a very different way.
Ren...
Long hours passed.  Korsten didn’t move from his perch on the edge of the mattress.  He looked at his environment.  A spacious, well-dressed though not overdressed room of pale stone surrounded him.  The dressing came in the form of intricately woven rugs on the floor and on the walls there were detailed tapestries.  A large fireplace with a low warmth smoldering in its arced maw put a dry whisper in the air.  A trilogy of windows as tall as doors was draped with the same transparently thin material as the bed curtains.  A balcony lay beyond, a blue day beyond that.  The sky discolored gradually...blushing...bruising...darkening...becoming night.
At some point, the tears stopped, though Korsten couldn’t say when or why.  He felt no better.  Although, in all honesty, he felt no worse.  Honestly, he felt nothing.  He knew there was pain, but he had gone somehow numb to it...resigned to it perhaps.
Finally, Korsten moved.  He stood without conscious effort, found a stack of clothing upon the chest at the end of the bed, and dressed mechanically.  The clothes were unfamiliar, in every aspect.  Rather than the refined and expensive wardrobe Korsten had been used to all of his life, he found himself slipping into simple white breeches over white stockings, lacing them before pulling on a short, sleeveless tunic that was also white with a high collar.  There was no belt, but he didn’t seem to need one.  The breeches laced snugly and the tunic came down to his waist, fitting close.  Snatching up a pair of knee-tall boots of soft ivory leather, Korsten padded in his stocking feet across the room and came to a mirror standing in the corner, near to the wash basin.  He expected to look positively ghastly in his pallid garb and otherwise covered in strange markings.  However, he was surprised to find not only that the outfitting had an aesthetically sleek effect on his already slender frame and that it contrasted with his vivid hair in a surreally pleasing fashion, but that the black characters previously etched upon his skin were no longer there.
Korsten stared at himself, curious about the individual he saw there, who he recognized but didn’t know.  This was not the son of an imperious nobleman, the self-appointed scholar hiding in his uncle’s library, the friend and assistant to a governor...the lover of his lord’s wayward son.  This was someone else.  Someone distantly connected to that person, netted in the web of pain and unhappiness he had spent his young years weaving helplessly...but also deliberately.
Such a vain, foolish creature you are.  Now, finally, you understand pain...and love.  The two are even more connected than you imagined in your selfish misery.
Red fluttered over his left shoulder.  Korsten looked at the butterfly in the mirror.  “Analee,” he whispered.  “Who sent you to me?”

~

The Seminary seemed a very old place.  Very old and quite large.  Korsten walked its long, labyrinthine corridors with no idea of where he was going, but somehow knowing that he wasn’t lost.  He didn’t follow the bright-winged insect fluttering constantly near him, but seemed to be moving with her, like friends strolling a familiar path together.  There was nothing familiar about this path, however, and Korsten was not prepared to accept that he had befriended a voiceless, if not thoughtless creature that would fit in the palm of his hand.  True he knew her name, but perhaps that was because he had subconsciously given it to her.  He couldn’t say, but he was in no mood to debate the matter and so went along with what felt like instinct at the moment.
There were stairs at two places along his blind path and he had taken them down.  At ground level, Korsten happened upon a room that felt out of doors and may have been, but that the flowering vines had overgrown a maze of latticework to such a degree as to form a living ceiling.  Korsten could feel the cooler air of night outside as he stepped into the garden.  He could hear chirping insects louder in this place and he could see patches of moonlight upon the path underfoot, where grass grew along the edges and between the cracks.  He traveled that path slowly, having no destination until he suddenly arrived at it.  A particular strand of deep red lilies, drooping as if in slumber, just like all the others…all the countless others that filled the peculiar garden.  These flowers were identical to their neighbors, near and distant...and yet they were different somehow.
Korsten stared at the lush, crimson buds before him for several minutes, before slowly reaching out for one of them.  Contact came cool and smooth as silk, an unexpected pleasure to the skin.  He cupped the closed blossom gently in his fingers and lifted it like one lifts the chin of a child or a lover to look into their eyes.  Vague images of a face came to mind.  Young, beautiful...dark skin, dark hair...eyes a deep brown, like rich earth...full lips, lush like the folded petals currently balanced on the tips of Korsten’s fingers.  Before he knew what he was doing, Korsten leaned forward and touched his lips to the lily he was holding.
He drew away startled, cool moisture upon his lips.  He stepped back, letting the flower slip from his hand.
“Her name was Adrea,” someone said.  Korsten recognized the soft voice and suddenly the beautiful man it belonged to.  He didn’t look at him, but saw him in the corner of his vision when he came to stand beside him.  “She was a Mage-Adept, in line to replace a Superior, if and when he passed away.  She worked with red, the color of-”
“Blood,” Korsten interrupted without intending to.
Green eyes viewed him askance, only briefly.  “Yes,” the man said.  “But in the sensual aspect, not the mortal aspect.  She possessed a very strong gift of Allurance, one that became even stronger over time and which enabled her to master many difficult spells connected to her chosen range along the spectrum of magic.”
“Chosen,” Korsten echoed softly, somewhat dubiously.
“Yes, chosen.  Chosen by her predecessor, but also by herself.  She chose red and chose it for you, as displayed in the remarkable shade of your hair and your bond mate’s wings.  The gods chose brown, the color of earth, of awareness, not of the magic within, but of the magic without…as is evident in the depth of your dark eyes.  You elected to nurture that inborn talent…Reasoning, through books and study.  The gods chose brown for Adrea as well and interpreted that awareness outside of oneself as Empathy, sensitivity to the world around her unlike what most of us know.  I have the gift of Empathy myself, but I am sensitive to individuals rather than to nature.  It is all connected, you see, but still separate.  No one mage can master the entire Spectrum.  We must divide it amongst ourselves.  The varying combinations are merely indications of our personalities and the potential we have for understanding some things better than others.
“Adrea chose red for herself because she had a gift that would have forever remained dormant otherwise as it related closely to no other color.  And you, Korsten, chose white, symbolic of the spirit, of one’s inner being.  That surprises me, I have to admit.”
“Yes, it surprises me as well,” Korsten replied.  “I don’t recall making any such decision.”
“But you did,” the exceptionally blond man said, sounding mildly amused.  “In fact, you are remarkably, if not alarmingly decided.  You must have a talent inspiring you to do so.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Those clothes were brought to you in the neutral color of gray.  All undecided mages, those summoned to us or who come to us as Apprentices, wear gray until they have decided on the color scheme for their career in magecraft.  Your wardrobe is white because you made it so.”
“Magic?” Korsten asked softly.
“A subconscious spell,” the green-eyed man answered.  “You will never wear another color, but don’t worry.  It suits you nicely.”
Korsten frowned, not only at the man who’d implied he was vain enough to care, but also at the fact that his implications were all too true.  He recalled what he’d been thinking when he looked at himself in the mirror; relief.  Relief that he didn’t look as miserable as he felt and that the unsightly spell markings were gone from his skin.  As if it mattered.  Not that long ago he was committing acts of self-mutilation with dull blades.
“I prefer sarcasm over despair, I think,” the blond man said next, while Korsten absently rubbed his healed wrist.  “Though there is still a great deal of pain, at least I can smile over it.”
Korsten didn’t.  He said simply, “Merran told me about you.  He said you’ve been sharing my burden with me.”
“I have been.”
Korsten looked at him directly now.  “Why?”
The lovely blond man turned slowly to face him.  A soft smile reflected in his very green eyes.  Such a look threatened to steal the breath from Korsten.  The man’s look and manner and voice; all were angelic.  “How else could I understand you?  How else could I and the others protect you from yourself?”
“If you understood me, you’d have let me die,” Korsten said with sudden resent.  “I don’t care what you say; I didn’t choose to be here.  I don’t belong here.”  He felt his scowl softening helplessly.  “I belong with Ren...and he’s...he...”
Korsten stopped himself, staring at the angelically fair man before him, watching a tear slip down his cheek at precisely the same moment one streaked his own face.  He didn’t know what to think at that point.  He was mesmerized by the idea of his own emotions reflecting so precisely in someone else, a stranger.
It was Ashwin who broke the spell, wiping away the tear on his own face, and then reaching for Korsten.  Long, cool fingers slid over his cheek and lingered there.  “If you forsake this duty, Korsten, you will be in turmoil and suffering for the rest of your days.  Stay here, with us.  Master your talents, understand the duty that has been placed upon you...and keep others from suffering as you have.”
Korsten lifted his hand to the one at his cheek.  While a moment ago he might have torn it away and had something scathing to say, now he simply lowered his hand alone after a brief, almost meek touch.  He lowered his gaze as well.  
Ashwin’s hand slipped behind his head and he drew Korsten near.  He slid his other arm around Korsten’s shoulders and rested his face lightly upon Korsten’s hair.
The fragrance of a sweet spice, blended with the warmth of the Mage-Superior’s chaste embrace, clouded Korsten’s senses.  He allowed himself to be held, to be comforted by this stranger who was not only human enough to cry, but to have a heart beating softly beneath his breast.  Korsten listened to it for what felt like a long time before finally calming and pulling reluctantly away from shelter he did not expect to find.
“Forgive me,” he said with a sudden respect for this strikingly elegant and compassionate man.
“There is nothing to forgive,” Ashwin answered.  “We all arrive here in various states of confusion, often in pain.  Perhaps we would not be so inclined to fight the Vadryn if we were not on such intimate terms with our own suffering.”
“I do want to stop them,” Korsten said suddenly, truthfully, he thought.  “I did.  When I finally could admit what was happening in Haddowyn, that Merran was right...I wanted to help.  My reasons weren’t entirely selfless, I’ll admit, but...”
“Reason at all is reason enough,” Ashwin interrupted gently.  “I believe you will discover, with time, that your reasons are not so selfish as you seem to think now.  I think you are disoriented, above all, displaced by this turn in events.  The Seminary is your home now, Korsten, and your fellow mages are your family.  Take your place among us.  You are more than welcome.”



CHAPTER EIGHT

“Why are they all red?” Korsten asked the first person he encountered the very next morning.
Merran hesitated as he entered the room, closed the door slowly behind him, and stared at the empty bed for several moments before allowing his blue gaze to find Korsten perched on the vine-covered balustrade rimming the balcony.
“The flowers,” Korsten clarified, looking back over his shoulder at Vassenleigh when he was sure Merran had spotted him.  He’d been debating the matter since leaving the garden, and Ashwin, last night.  The sun had come up over a city largely known throughout Edrinor as a necropolis and Korsten still had not made sense of the matter, the flowers or the fact that he had been, one way or another, drawn into the world of magecraft.  “If there are so many different colors along the spectrum of magic and the flowers either lament or keep dead mages, why should they all be red?”
“If you’re going to be maintaining this level of awareness, I’ll have to knock first before entering from now on,” Merran said, crossing the room.
Korsten looked at him again, expressionless in spite of the sarcastic tone his voice had taken.  “I don’t see why you should begin accommodating me now, not beyond providing the annoyingly straightforward answers you’ve always been too happy to give.”
The black-clad mage stopped in the archway to the right of the center one.  “I don’t know if happy is the correct word.”
Korsten contradicted him with a flat gaze, then said, “I met your Mage-Superior last night.”
“Ashwin,” Merran supplied.  “He is one of twelve at the post of Mage-Superior.”
“Is he?  Well, I met him last night, as I said.  He explained some things to me, but not nearly enough.”
“Were you listening?” Merran asked dryly.  “Attention level can sometimes dictate how much, or how little, one is willing to explain.”
Korsten did not dignify that with a response.  He continued with his questions.  “I won’t say that I like this or that I want to stay here, but I am here.  And I feel a change in myself.  What now?”
Merran didn’t smile, but he looked like he wanted to.  “Now you begin your training, Mage Korsten.”

~

“Ashwin will be your life-mentor,” Merran explained as he and Korsten walked the passages of the Seminary together.  
There were others about during the day.  Men and women, young and old—though none appeared to be aging—dressed in ways that seemed unique to themselves and in colors limited to white, gray, blue, brown, green, red, and black.  There seemed an abundance of gray and very few instances of red, either in wardrobe or hair color.
“That is to say,” Merran continued.  “That so long as both of you live, he shall be your primary instructor, emotional counselor, and judge, when it comes time to determine whether or not you be nominated for adept status and, as it goes, adept responsibilities.  Since Ashwin does not have a talent for Healing, emotional or physical, I have been appointed as your physician.”
Korsten glanced at him, saying nothing.  He didn’t have to.
“It was not solely guilt or pity that kept me at your bedside for three months,” Merran said.  “Despite what you might think.”
Korsten decided to leave that topic where it lay and asked, “Do all mages work with three colors?”
“No,” Merran answered.  “Ashwin was not given any talents by the gods.  His predecessor bestowed emotional Empathy upon him and the other talents born into him guided him toward white.  It is common for green and white, the spiritual being and the emotional being, to be linked.  However, it is not always linked.”
“I find this terribly confusing,” Korsten admitted.
“That’s why I thought it best to bring you here,” Merran said as they arrived at a tall pair of wooden doors.  He pushed one side open and gestured for Korsten to pass through ahead of him.
Korsten carried himself into the biggest library he had ever laid eyes on.  The room was semicircular in shape, comprised of three open levels, walls of shelves, separated by narrow glass windows and accessed by one of six spiraling iron staircases.  Leave me here, Korsten would have said not so very long ago.  I’ll be fine on my own, thank you.  He only stared now, lacking enthusiasm, though still at a loss to think that all of this writing may have dealt solely with sorcery, a subject he would have previously dismissed as fantasy.
“Some of these are encrypted,” Merran said.  “And can only be read with a spell-key, but many of the texts you will find of immediate interest are open.  As is this library, I should add.  Come here whenever you like.”
“At one time I might have requested to live here,” Korsten told him, stepping further into the room.
“It reflects in your eyes,” Merran replied.  He added almost gently, “Even now.”
Korsten glanced back at him, then proceeded to the nearest staircase, which he began to slowly climb.  “And what reflects in your eyes?  Eyes bluer than the clearest summer sky?”
“In terms of magecraft, blue is the color of the mind, of one’s mental being.  My vision was given to me by the gods.”
“Foresight,” Korsten said over his shoulder.  Who said anything about magecraft?  “I remember.”  He stepped off the staircase on the second floor and paused at the first stack of shelves, fingering the leather spines of several books with unfamiliar titles.  “So, if I am to understand this correctly...a talent, or a gift, as I’ve heard it called, is represented at each interval of the magic spectrum.  Interpreted differently, depending upon the color it is related to.”
“You learn quickly,” Merran commented from the center of the ground floor.
Korsten looked down at the dark-haired mage.  “I always have.  Is memory a gift, I am forced to wonder?”
“It falls in with Reasoning.”
“Linked to blue,” Korsten guessed.  When Merran nodded he returned to the books, strolling to the next case.  “Blue isn’t my color, I am led to believe.”
“You would have been intelligent even if not destined to magehood, I would guess.  When you appear before the Council of Superiors, the markings Emergence left upon you will have been deciphered and they will be explained.  You will know exactly what your gifts are and which are most likely to Resonate or become Ambient.”
“And what are they now?” Korsten asked, slipping a curious-looking encyclopedia from the shelf in front of him.  He began slowly flipping through the pages.
“They are at an Emergent state, raw potential awakened.  Those which Emergence failed to awaken will remain dormant within you, inspiring but not actually useful in the working of spells.”
The working of spells, Korsten thought to himself.  Then he snapped the book he held closed and tucked it back into its proper place.  Madness.  He sighed, moving idly on.  But what else is there?  To die?  I’ve already failed in that effort.  Return to Haddowyn?  How can I?  The Vadryn are there in no small amount with thanks to the one Merran failed to destroy...who may have been...
Gods, no.  I can’t believe it.  I won’t.  Something happened to Renmyr, but I am not qualified to say as to what.  I will learn what I need to know here, Ren...my love...and I will save you from whatever madness has befallen you.
“In answer to your question,” Merran called up from below.  “The lilies are red because they keep the souls of the dead.  The soul, the essence of life, is in the blood.”
Korsten, lost in his own thoughts, deciphered two words; blood and lilies.  “What did you say?  Something about...” He looked to find Merran gone from the library.  He put his back to the books, leaning against them, taking in the full scope of the room, filled with knowledge.  He had only to choose a starting point.  A sigh slipped out with his breath.  “Blood lilies…”

~

Countless hours ago, Korsten believed the passages of the Seminary were labyrinthine.  Now he felt that he’d truly been introduced to a maze of confounding and unfathomable proportions in the topic of magecraft.  There was no logical course through the subject.  The only thing to do was to dive directly in and to hope against drowning.
There was no explanation on where mages had come from, only that they were.  Just as the sun was and the moon...just as the Vadryn were.  The books specifically on the history of the craft went so far as to boil the matter down to a once secret society that served the monarchs of old, but the true nature—or science?—behind sorcery and spell casting was a ghostly notion, a haunting question with no substantial answer.  The scheme of working with colors was based on the spectrum of life, the aspects of living from birth to death, rooted in the earth from which life had sprung and to which it would one day return.
The spectrum began with brown; the outer being, the state of being alive in the world.  Green came second, indicative of growth, development of the emotional self, like the small child, who knows feelings before words, instinct before contemplation.  Next was blue; the mind, understanding, learning, speaking, retaining knowledge, wanting knowledge.  Red followed, signifying the body, changes in the body, changes in the blood…desire, physical love, the sexual and sensual self.  White came afterward; enlightenment, awareness of the inner self, the spirit.  And lastly, there was black; mortality, the physical self in its barest form, that of a living vessel that would die.
It seemed odd to Korsten that in his state he had not chosen black for himself.  But then it was not physical death he was concerned with, he had to remind himself.  It was his soul that had been suffering and that continued to suffer.  Perhaps, student that he happened to be, he was looking to understand the hurt inside of himself.  Or maybe not.  Maybe the conceited bastard he also happened to be recognized that none of the other mage colors would do his appearance any justice at all.  Too many dark colors all at once made his hair seem improbably brighter and his skin paler.  White made it obvious that his skin was not actually pure white, which in turn dampened the vivid tone of his hair just a bit.  Fashionably, he’d chosen well.  Magically, time would tell.  And he certainly had a lot of it, according to a volume labeled Fobb’s Journal on Magehood, Facts of the First Stage.
The blood lilies were in themselves magic and, strangely enough, ingested by the magic users.  The bees in the garden where the lilies grew gathered the pollen to make a unique blushed honey that was harvested by the mages and included in several recipes for various foods, beverages, and even medicines at the Seminary.  Some herbal remedies even called for the actual petals of the lily.  Of course, the flowers contained the essence of deceased mages.  By ingesting parts of the flower or the honey made from its pollen, the living mages gained vitality, longevity, and increased magical energy, useful in mastering spells and bringing a gift to Resonance or Ambience.  Depending on the mage, glamour could be another side-effect.  In some instances, as was evidently the case with Ashwin, it could border on excessive.  Korsten wondered if it had anything to do with time.  Surely a mage of his status had been with the Seminary for a very long time, taking in the elixir of life, created from the dead.
“Doesn’t that make us the same as them?” Korsten asked when he felt a presence enter the library.  He looked up at the very mage he’d been thinking about as the exceptionally fair man approached the staircase he was sitting on.  “Siphoning the vitality…the blood, isn’t it?...of another?  What would separate us from demons?  A voluntary victim?  I’m sure that some have consented to the Vadryn for one reason or another.  The fact that the victim is dead?  I believe the term for that is necrophagous.”
The merest of smiles came to Ashwin’s lips.  Korsten wondered helplessly how beautiful he might have been in his mortal days.  Perhaps he had been homely.  “Magic is not an everlasting resource,” the Mage-Superior said.  “It must be recycled, so to speak.  Few are chosen to partake of this process and those few are chosen carefully, by those who willingly return what was granted to them.  There is no murder, no unwilling seduction, no imprisonment or abuse of mind, body, or spirit.  What’s more, granting magic to a new individual also causes the birth of new magic, which will replenish the well from which all life draws, whether it is aware or not.”
Ashwin lifted one slender hand that had been tucked into the overlong sleeves of his robes, gesturing to the butterfly Korsten had forgotten, perched now upon the stair railing beside him.  “Your first actual taste of the Essence was carried to you by...”
“Analee,” Korsten supplied without really knowing why.
“Analee,” Ashwin echoed, a renewed smile upon his lips.  And then he continued.  “However, the Essence was already inside you and not just as a basic fuel for living, but filled with potential.  Generative potential that can be used by you and, one day long from now we hope, by others.”
“Other mages,” Korsten presumed.
Ashwin nodded.  “Primarily, yes.”  The Mage-Superior began to wander the half-circle room and Korsten just noticed a bright jade dragonfly shadowing his every movement.  “Analee and my Nera…” He held his hand out to the dragonfly, which darted toward his fingers and briefly alighted on his knuckles, almost as if kissing them. “…are called soul-keepers as well as bond mates.  They will live only once, for a single mage.  They are born by the will of the deceased mage when it is time for their successor to be awakened to their duty.  They will die carrying their bond mate’s soul back here, to the garden.”
“Awakened,” Korsten mused.  “Emergence?”
“Not necessarily,” Ashwin replied.  “In your case, yes.  However, with someone like Merran, for example, his Eolyn was nothing more than a guide at first, leading him to us and to his start as an Apprentice of magecraft.  He awakened to his duty, but coming to Emergence was a hard-fought battle for him.”
“Not everyone reaches that state?”
Ashwin drew to a halt, folding his hands behind his back, gazing out one of the narrow library windows while giving his answer.  “No.  Not everyone.  In some, talents remain dormant for the duration of their mortal lives.  They can still learn to work magic, but their spells can never be as strong as they could have been and it is a taxing process to learn each one.  As well, not all Emergent gifts ascend to Resonance or Ambience.  It all depends really.”
“On what?” Korsten wondered aloud.
Ashwin looked back at him, smiling.  “On the individual, the strength of their gifts, their willingness, and their stamina.”
“I see,” Korsten said, lying perhaps a bit.
“You have a very strong gift, Korsten,” the Mage-Superior informed, turning back around to face him squarely.  “You have several gifts, but one in particular which myself and the others of the Superiors believe will rapidly reach Ambient state with the merest effort on your part.”
Korsten couldn’t say that he wasn’t curious about that, but he pretended not to be anyway.  “And to what is the purpose of all this?  If you could have stopped the Vadryn you would have already, I think.  And I also recall a certain incident concerning this town, this establishment, to be specific, and the Crimson Plague.  As I heard it, everyone here was quite dead as of several years ago.”
Ashwin’s pleasant charm dissipated and a restrained anguish took its place.  He looked like he wanted to unleash a frustration over something evidently beyond his control, a thing that was perhaps his blame.  He maintained control, however, and managed to say, “The Vadryn are not simply ravening beasts.  They are clever and cunning, and relentless.  We are not simply hoping to exterminate plague-carrying vermin with our efforts that have literally spanned millennia.  It is a war we are involved in, Korsten.  Deeply involved.  What happened here over a half century ago was a battle lost.  The casualties were terrible and included Edrinor’s king, along with all who were related to him by blood.  That loss on that one night is directly to blame for the chaos Edrinor now faces as a nation and a people.”
I am directly to blame, Ashwin wanted to add.  Korsten knew that because they were still spell-touching, as Merran explained it.  Not as strongly as before, he didn’t think, but the effects had not completely worn off.  It was more than evident that this topic was a source of much pain for the Mage-Superior.
A part of Korsten wanted to go to him and offer the same comfort he had been offered the night before.  It was a part much smaller than that which anchored Korsten to his seat upon the library staircase.
“Many of us survived that night,” Ashwin continued.  “We let the world outside the Seminary believe that we didn’t.  The Vadryn are easily satisfied with any and all victories.  The army that had gathered against us dispersed.  The Masters behind the unification found other matters to focus their attentions on.  We are still in the process of rebuilding and that is why you are here.  With your awakening and arrival we have increased our numbers by one.  In the last seventy years we have gained fourteen.”
“How many did you lose?”  Korsten wasn’t sure he’d wanted to ask it, but the words simply slipped out.
Ashwin waited before giving his answer.  “Eighty-seven,” he whispered with a slight tremble in his otherwise silken voice.  “That doesn’t include the citizens of Vassenleigh...who were slaughtered indiscriminately by the Vadryn hordes when they came through our Barriers.  They had no warning.  And we were their only defense.”
The silence that followed was long and heavy.
Eventually, Korsten said, “I apologize, if I have upset you.”
“The truth can be upsetting,” Ashwin replied calmly.  “But it must be faced.”
Korsten stared into the lovely elder’s green eyes for a moment, then looked at the book he’d been balancing in his lap and slowly closed it.  “What...happened in Haddowyn?”
“I can refer you to Merran’s official report,” Ashwin said.  “Or I can tell you what was reported to me.”
“Tell me,” Korsten whispered, feeling a slight warmth behind his eyes.  “I don’t trust myself to read it.  I’ll find a reason to put it off...and to keep believing in...”
“Subservience is a byproduct of the Vadryn’s will, not love,” Ashwin informed him.  “What you feel is genuine and your pain is that much worse for it.  Had you not cared for him, you would have still felt a sense of longing with release, but also a sense of relief for being freed from circumstances you did not desire.  The longing would have faded with time and you would have looked back on the experience as nothing more than a nightmare.
“But you still love him.  Perhaps that makes it more necessary for you to know precisely what happened, now that you have recovered from the initial trauma of not only your separation from him, but of Emergence as well.”  
Ashwin drew a pause, as if giving Korsten the opportunity to delay, to avoid the truth for another hour and to continue suffering with unanswered suspicions and fears that he could not ignore.  Korsten remained silent, but must have emanated his need.  
Ashwin proceeded gently.  “There were two demons in Haddowyn at the time Mage-Adept Merran arrived.  One, inhabiting the young boy Markam, was a rogue, chased unintentionally into a populated region.  The victim was taken quickly, dominated easily for various reasons, though elements of the young man remained, as is often the case.  Markam’s infatuation with you kept you safe, but also put you in great danger.  While the demon would have wanted to preserve you, it would have done so by pinning you beneath its will.  It was stopped in the attempt by Merran, who then worked a spell of Release to be sure there were no traces of the demon’s will oppressing your own.  He was surprised, after learning of its presence, that the more powerful Vadryn hadn’t already destroyed the lesser demon until he saw through the intricate shields that particular demon had put up and realized the true scope of Haddowyn’s troubles...and yours, Korsten.
“The evidence Merran discovered leads us to believe that Renmyr Camirey was a thief of magic, one who has found a means for tapping into powers not his own.  It is unclear whether he summoned the Vadryn to him or if it appeared of its own volition, but it came to inhabit his brother Edmore.  Renmyr, in all likeliness was keeping it there through use of binding spells.  The Vadryn have been known, from time to time, to bond with humans rather than to simply take.  A symbiotic relationship is formed whereupon the awareness and the will of the human remains while the demon inhabits his soul.  Both are empowered.  The Vadryn has acquired a willing, lasting vessel and the man has gained the strength and magic of the demon.  These pairings create Masters, demon lords…beings capable of acquiring power over men and demons, and beasts alike, without having to destroy them in body or inhabit their souls.  The vitality of a willing spirit is not drained, but shared.
“Renmyr Camirey offered his soul to the Vadryn in exchange for its power.  Whatever purpose he had in mind, whatever caused him to overlook the risk and the wrong of the deed, the arrival of a mage forced him to quicker action.  Sensing that Merran would or had seen through his shields, he went to the demon stored in his sibling.  He finalized their pact, took the Vadryn into himself, and likely found himself in a state too weak for confrontation with a Mage-Adept.  He resolved that problem with the abundance of life surrounding him at the manor, his own family...every one of them drained.
“Merran came upon a demon drunk off the life energy it had taken in, too powerful and too crazed to take down.  It defeated him and bound him, and tortured him...until a familiar soul arrived and reminded the man of his purpose in joining with the demon.  He would have taken you that night, Korsten…he meant to…and sealed the union you mutually shared at the heart by drinking your soul into him, leaving you enough to survive, but not to ever have a will of your own again.  You would have become his, the demon’s…solely and irrevocably.  The genuine love you knew would have become tainted, existing in the shadow of a forced bond.  You would have become dependent upon him as an infant relies upon its mother, helpless without him, lost.  You would not have wanted that, I don’t think, even for the sake of keeping your lover.”
“Renmyr would not have wanted that,” Korsten forced himself to say, holding back the tears with a maximum effort.  “He would not have wanted...any of that.”
“Emergence saved you,” Ashwin said, not without sympathy.  “Perhaps, one day, you will save him.  And now, I’d like you to come with me.  The deciphering of your talents is complete.”

~

Korsten couldn’t help that he was inattentive during his audience with the Council of Superiors.  He couldn’t stop thinking about Renmyr, about the possibility—the fact?—that he had joined with a demon.  Why?  Why would he give up his spirit, his humanity, anything, to a murdering beast?  So that he could become one himself?
Are you, Ren?  Did you kill them...your own family?  Gods, Ren, what power is worth that?  And what did you plan to do with such power?  None of this makes any sense to me, but I find myself caught up in it just the same, wishing it were a dream.  But it isn’t.  The dream was us, wasn’t it?  You and I...dreamers lost in a world of pure fantasy, just as Merran said.  And now I’ve been awakened and I find myself alone...just as I always have been.
“Korsten,” someone said in a stern unfamiliar voice.
Lost in his thoughts, Korsten was inclined to ignore the woman.  A silent prompt from Ashwin, whose presence he could feel so long as their spell-touch lingered, enabled him to focus on the individual addressing him.
The woman with a long raven braid and a slim, equally dark gown stood directly ahead of Korsten, her very pale, virtually colorless eyes, reminding him too suddenly of Renmyr’s silver gaze.  His resolve melted beneath her unwavering stare and he had to look away, else break down in a pathetic heap upon the polished marble floor underfoot.  As it was, moisture crowded insistently in his eyes.
“You have touched the Spectrum at three intervals,” Mage-Superior Jeselle continued.  
Her eleven peers gathered in a full circle around the subject of interest currently on display at the center of their formation, which mimicked the shape of the room.  It was a large chamber furnished only with six pillars, each bearing a different symbol from an archaic language Korsten had never encountered before witnessing the mark on Merran’s hand as he worked his healing spell in front of him for the first time.  A jewel was centered above each peculiar character, one for each color of the magic spectrum.  Three of them glowed at the moment, casting their light outward to the center of the room, where they intertwined with one another and shone down upon Korsten, somehow casting a series of circles around him, formed of the strange letters, glowing as they hadn’t when upon his skin.  He recognized several of them, but couldn’t begin to guess at their meaning.
“That is not uncommon,” the woman said.  “However, it can make focus difficult if a medium color is not chosen.  You must choose one source, Korsten, and allow the other two colors to feed that source.”
“How do I choose?” Korsten asked, looking up once more.  “How do I know which is best for me?”
“It is not usual to select the color the gods have graced you with,” Ashwin explained gently and Korsten was glad to have a reason to look at him.  The others all made him feel like a child who had recently been caught in some wrongdoing, needing to be reprimanded.  “Most of us elect to focus on the area of the Spectrum we have chosen ourselves and to use that which our predecessor bestowed upon us as support.  However, that is not always the case.  Sometimes a particularly strong talent sways the decision.”
“You have four Emergent talents,” another Mage-Superior said, a willowy man by the name Ceth, if Korsten recalled his introductions correctly.  “And two dormant gifts.  Six altogether, four of them linked directly with red, including the most likely candidate for Ambience.”
“We believe,” Ashwin put in.  “That you will attain full mage status quicker and be able to better master spells by focusing primarily on red.”
“There are very few mages who do,” Korsten noted aloud, recalling what he’d witnessed in the passages of the Seminary.  “So perhaps I may be of more benefit by traveling the less popular road.  After reading about the nature of that particular area of the Spectrum, I think I understand why it is not the favored course.”
“It has nothing to do with popularity and everything to do with difficulty,” Mage-Superior Jeselle told him severely.  In some ways, she reminded him of Merran.  “There is a great deal of responsibility that comes with the territory and three of the most difficult spells to master are rooted in that area of the Spectrum.”
“What intrigues us,” Ashwin said.  “And also inspires us, is that the particular pattern of your talents is not found commonly and when found it is most common to find it in women.”
Unmanned again, Korsten thought caustically.  First by my father and now by this panel of authority.  Why should I be surprised?  Perhaps I should have found a gown for this occasion as well.
Ashwin smiled at him patiently, perhaps reading into the bitter sarcasm Korsten fed to him through their link.  “We suspect it has to do with your predecessor, whose strongest talent was also Allurance.  It ascended to an Ambient level at a rapid pace, enhancing her talent for Song and enabling her to fully master the Siren spell, one of the most difficult.”
“You have the Song talent as well,” Ceth informed Korsten.  “And that has never Emerged in a male subject, ever, in all the ages of magic, as far as we are aware.”
“It has not Emerged yet in you,” a fourth Mage-Superior added.  “It remains dormant, but the chances are alarmingly in favor of Emergence, if not Resonance.”
“Song?” Korsten finally said, feeling an episode of skepticism coming on.  “So then you do train bards here.”
“You understand music,” Ashwin offered, as if he knew.  “You understand the affect musical sound can have on sentient creatures.”
“I’m sure that many people do, men as well as women.”
“You have the potential to understand it much deeper,” Ashwin said in a tone that precluded further argument.  Korsten was surprised enough to hear such a tone from him that he clamped down on his response at once and said nothing more.  The blond man added, “Perhaps one day you will be able to manipulate sound as you will learn to manipulate other stimuli to the senses.”
“Your other gifts,” the mage called Ceth continued, as if cued to do so by Ashwin’s statement.  “Include Balance, Quick, Reasoning, and Will.  Though Will also remains dormant, the translation comes to grace, intuitiveness, fortitude, and understanding.”
“That doesn’t sound at all like me,” Korsten said stubbornly.  “I’m no wedge-footed clod, but I often have to be hit on the head before I see a thing coming.  Fortitude?  I’m not ashamed to admit that I’m not the most courageous man in Edrinor.  Merran can vouch for that.  And as for understanding.  I can understand what I am taught; words in a book, actions demonstrated, but I have no grasp of people or even really of politics, in spite of the position I held at Haddowyn.”
“Haddowyn is behind you,” someone said suddenly.  A fifth Mage-Superior by the name Eisleth.  If Ashwin had a twin, Korsten was convinced he was looking at him, at his mirror image if that mirror were in a place lacking light.  They shared a similar build, even similar features such as the pleasing narrowness of the face and they matched height as well as overall fairness and a taste for lavish robes.  However, unlike Ashwin’s white robes, Eisleth’s were black as pitch, as was his long, silky hair.  His voice was deeper as well and in contrast to his colleague’s profoundly jade gaze, his eyes were an intensely dark shade of brown, almost black.  Korsten noticed a red butterfly in his company and that it wasn’t anywhere near as vivid in color as Analee, though it did have a slightly larger wingspan that included black tails.
“Haddowyn is a part of me,” Korsten argued, managing to be firm in spite of his urge to break into tears at being reminded of the life he’d so suddenly lost.  “It will be...forever.”

~

“I don’t think that I gained very many allies at that meeting,” Korsten said to no one in particular as he reentered the spacious room he’d been constantly awakening in since arriving at the Seminary.  It was beginning to feel comfortable, familiar at any rate.  But perhaps that had something to do with the fact that he’d already lived here for three months, even if only barely so.  He’d adapted quickly to Haddowyn as well, even though unhappy.  He was sure by now that there was no place in the world he could truly be happy.  And, of course, that sent his thoughts reeling back to Renmyr.
You would never hurt me, Ren.  I refuse to believe that.  But perhaps...something has come over you...or gotten into you.  I thought you were dead.  Knowing that you’re not gives me cause to live, to find you again and bring you out from under whatever darkness binds you now.
Korsten wandered across the room, toward the wide bed and noticed a large stack of gray fabric heaped neatly upon the mattress.  He sat down beside the clothing, thinking absently how bland all of it was, in spite of the careful cuts and stitching.  There were shirts and breeches, silks and linens, a night robe, a short jacket of soft leather, hose, more durable boots than the ones he wore currently, and...damn them.
He turned to better face the clothes, flinging several articles away, noticing after the fact that each piece became white and somehow more appealing as he touched it.  That didn’t matter to him at the moment, however.  Not while he was faced with someone’s very wrong idea of humor.  Frowning, Korsten lifted the garment that had offended him for inspection, relaxing as he came to realize that it was not a gown.  It was something in the way of a robe, slim with tiny braided knots instead of buttons running down the front, from the high neckline to a point just below the waist.  A glance about allowed Korsten to locate a sash that seemed appropriate and a pants like article that would fit closer than regular breeches and that would be thicker than hose, preventing the wearer from embarrassing himself beyond the fact that he’d put the outfit on to begin with.  Well, perhaps it wasn’t all that bad.  Unconventional, yes, but...attractive somehow.  
The sleeves, from shoulder to cuffed wrist were thin and sheer, similar to the material used for the bed curtains and the drapes.  It was white now, completely, but somehow there seemed to be variations in the white, places that might have hinted at silver or ivory over plain white.  Actually, the more Korsten looked at the garment, the more he yearned to try it on.  He’d always appreciated fine clothes, but he sometimes envied the lack of variation in the wardrobe his station in society as well as his sex had called for.  He didn’t really want to parade around in women’s gowns, but perhaps his boredom had been why it’d been so easy to play that prank on his father all those years ago.
And if it had not been for that, perhaps he never would have been approached by Firard Mortannis, and never been discovered for what he was...and never met Renmyr.
Ren...I can’t stand to be apart from you like this.  It all seems so unreal...and so unfair.  But that’s my naïve thinking again.  As if fairness has ever...
A knock at the door disrupted his thoughts.  He glared at the closed portal.  “Now what?  Leave me alone, can’t you?”
The knock didn’t come again.  Though surprised it had been so easy, Korsten assumed that his curtness had deterred the visitor.  Shooing away the red butterfly that had at some point come to be on the clothing in his hands, he decided that he would try on the peculiar outfit.  What else was there to do anyway?  The meeting with the Council of Superiors had gone on into evening and since he wasn’t hungry—it occurred to him now that he might have scared away the individual charged with bringing him his meal—it was either cry himself to sleep thinking about Renmyr or find something to distract him at least a little.
He was changed within minutes, admiring his rather striking image in the room’s mirror and then despising it as he recalled that the person in that image was to blame for everything that had lately gone wrong in his life.  Foolish, cowardly, vain, selfish...there weren’t enough words to satisfy the truth of just how despicable he happened to be.
Korsten thought about crying, yet again, when something crashed upon the balcony outside his room.  He thought briefly of Ashwin’s tale of demons invading the city.  And then he heard the devil on his balcony curse...with a woman’s voice.
Korsten looked over his shoulder first, then followed through with his body.  He proceeded to the balcony, prepared to reprimand the intruder.  He found himself only able to stare in amaze at the figure caught up in a tangle of vines and pale blue satin.  Fine golden hair gathered in folds, like an unfurled bolt of silk, beneath the struggling form.  Pale legs kicked and slim hands clawed at the trap the girl had made for herself.
“Hell’s depths!” she spat, flailing helplessly as her situation only worsened the more she struggled.  “Hessath!  You little winged bastard, help me or get your pointy, segmented a-”
“I think I’ve heard about enough,” Korsten decided, walking to the foul-mouthed young woman and crouching down in order to be of assistance…to himself.  The very last thing he wanted was the extended company of this deranged girl.
Within a few trying moments of untangling and dodging flung limbs, Korsten revealed something that resembled a lady.  She was not all that far from pretty with a delicate form, albeit a bit girlish yet where her bust was concerned, and a round, almost innocent face.  She appeared sixteen or seventeen.  The eyes were what confused Korsten.  Their shape was too mature—if that were possible—for her face and they were silver.  He’d expected to look upon big blue or maybe even brown eyes, a doe’s eyes perhaps...and instead he saw Renmyr.  The gods were merciless.
“You’re crying,” the girl noticed when she finally looked at him.  “What’s the matter?”
Korsten stood, and walked away from her.  He thought he was angry a moment ago, but now he was just depressed and wanting nothing to do with the girl or the fact that she’d dropped unannounced onto the balcony of a room that was miles away from home.  He wiped at his eyes when he arrived at the bed, then dropped himself unceremoniously onto the mattress cluttered with his new wardrobe and determined never to move again.
And then he was moving in spite of himself, bouncing with the mattress as a total stranger all but leaped into his bed and positioned herself to be lying beside him, on her stomach, within an arm’s reach.  Gods, not here as well.  I can’t take it…I won’t take it.  I’ll succeed in killing myself, I swear it.
The strange girl propped her face on her folded arms while Korsten just lay with his cheek on the mattress, and the two simply stared at each other for several moments.  Protesting would require too much energy, too much concern and right now Korsten didn’t care about anything.  She wasn’t attacking him anyway and it didn’t seem likely that she was going to.
At some length, the silver-eyed young lady said, “You didn’t answer the door.”
“So that was you,” Korsten muttered with absolutely no enthusiasm.
“We’re neighbors,” she continued.  “I live just above.  I wanted to meet you.”
“Well, when someone doesn’t answer the door that usually means that they’re not willing to receive visitors at the moment.”
“I wanted to make sure you weren’t dead.”
“Isn’t that Merran’s task?”
“I think he’s at dinner or a meeting with his life-mentor presently.”
“Then I’ve missed my opportunity.  I wasn’t aware that Merran was in the habit of eating.”
The nameless girl smiled at him just then.  “I think we’re going to be friends.”
“I’m not in the habit of befriending girls who drop onto my balcony unannounced and then instantly try to crawl into bed with me.”
“I am in bed with you,” the very forward young woman pointed out, giggling while Korsten helplessly blushed.  Her next words disarmed his angry retort.  “However, I shan’t be endeavoring to stay.  You’re very nicely made, but I already have a lover.”
“And is there a reason you’re not with him now?” Korsten asked flatly.
“My name is Lerissa,” the girl said without giving an answer.  “I’m very happy to meet you, Korsten.”
There came a knock at the door, preceding someone’s immediate entrance.  Both the bed’s occupants lifted their heads to see the newcomer at the same time.  One smiled, the other groaned.
“Well, I see you’re a man who’s true to his word, Merran,” Korsten said.  “You did indeed knock before entering.”
“Hello, Merran,” the girl beside him chimed.  “You’re looking very serious this evening.”
“There are evenings when he doesn’t?” Korsten asked disinterestedly, dropping his face back onto the mattress.
“I like him,” Lerissa announced, sitting up while the mage in black seated himself upon the edge of the bed.  “I bet it’d be truly something to see him smile.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Merran replied simply.
Korsten felt inclined to add, “You never will.”
“Mind yourself, dearest,” Lerissa said.  “I’ve been known to tickle people to their deaths for smaller offenses than lashing their tongue at my Merran.”
Your Merran?  Now Korsten was beginning to understand.
“How are you feeling?” the Mage-Adept finally asked.
“Like dying,” Korsten mumbled into the bedding.
“At least there have been no changes for the worse,” Merran answered somewhat dryly.  “Would you like something to help you sleep?”
“Yes.  Privacy.”
Lerissa took the hint, else she was signaled by Merran, and climbed off the bed.  “I think I’ll use the door this time.  Sleep well, Korsten...or try to.  I suppose I’ll be seeing you later, Merran.”
“Goodnight,” was all the Mage-Adept said.
Yes, for now, Korsten added in silence.  I see my estimate of your loneliness was off.  In that case, you’ve got even less right to interfere with my life...or the end of it.
“You need your rest,” Merran informed him.  “And your strength.  Have you eaten this evening?”
“I haven’t eaten in the last three months,” Korsten reminded.  “And I’m not hungry.”
“You’ve been spell-fed for the last three months,” Merran said.  “And you’re going to be famished as soon as the effects of it wear off.  I’ll send for a meal.”
“Let me alone.  I’m sorry as all Hell that I ever met you.”
“I’m quite sure your opinion won’t change after I’ve bound you and fed you perforce.”
Korsten rolled onto his back and glared up at the ceiling.  “Gods, I keep hoping I’ll wake up from this nightmare.  It only gets worse by the moment.”
“The Council wants you to exercise your talents,” Merran told him, indifferent to Korsten’s bitterness.  “You are not an Apprentice.  You were summoned.  Full mage status requires at least one talent at Resonance.  Now that you are conscious, the Council will expect that to be soon.”
“Else what?” Korsten wanted to know.  “Summoned or not, I didn’t choose to be here.”
“And where would you go, if cast out?” Merran asked him.  “You’ve no longer a house or a position.  Return to your family in Cenily and perhaps you’ll witness again what you witnessed in Haddowyn.  If you made it that far.  The Vadryn are as attracted to magic as they are to misery.  And before you tell me how little death would matter to you, allow me to remind you that the Master who tried to claim you remains unsatisfied.  It’s tasted your soul and it will crave it now.  More than ever before.”
“It,” Korsten echoed sullenly.  “You’re talking about Renmyr...as if he’s some beast.  Well, he isn’t!  Whatever happened...”
“He bonded with the Vadryn,” Merran said, none too patiently.  “He made that decision, consciously.  I grow weary of your defending him.  After what he’s done to you…”
“He loved me,” Korsten stated.  “And I love him.  I always will.  I don’t care what happened.”  In the next moment he sat up, putting the width of the bed between them.  “No one here will ever succeed in turning me against Renmyr.  Do you understand me?  And I will leave here before I let you try.”
“Don’t make yourself an enemy to us, Korsten,” Merran said severely.  “The Essence is strong in you.  It’s nothing we can afford the Vadryn to use against us.”
Korsten gave up trying to be angry.  He pushed one hand through his hair then braced both hands on the edge of the mattress.  “I can’t do this, Merran…what you do.  You know that.”
“Do I?”
Korsten glanced back at him.  “You saw the way I acted when Areld came at me.  You saw the way I froze when faced with the demon in Markam.”
Merran’s very blue eyes held Korsten’s darker gaze briefly.  He was looking at his hand upon the mattress when he finally spoke.  “I witnessed the way you went up to that manor, not caring that you might face a demon.”
“That was different,” Korsten argued quietly.  “And I was terrified.”
“As am I,” the Mage-Adept confessed.  “Every time I challenge one of the Vadryn.  I am not impervious to pain and fear.”
“It doesn’t incapacitate you.”
“Because I know if I do nothing, I will be taken.  I may be taken anyway, but at least...I do what I can.  I fight as hard as I am able and hope to put off the day or night Eolyn will return here without me as long as possible.”
“Why?” Korsten had to ask.  “Ashwin said that you came to the Seminary voluntarily.  That you were not summoned.”
“I wasn’t,” Merran confirmed.  After a long moment, he added, “I awakened to my duty to become a mage after witnessing my mother and brothers and sister slain by a demon...that had come to inhabit my father.”
Korsten just stared, finally understanding the loneliness…possibly the sadness, he had been reading in the man’s eyes since their very first meeting.  He didn’t know what to say, but he suddenly felt blameworthy, as he had after being proved wrong about the presence of a demon in Haddowyn.  He owed the man an apology, but again he could not deliver one.
Finally Merran stood.  “I will have food sent.  Eat if you can and then sleep.  Tomorrow will be strenuous.”



CHAPTER NINE

Strenuous was being awakened by a stranger after having just managed to fall asleep.  And at the unholiest of hours.  The sun wasn’t even up yet when some gray-clad fellow of about sixteen prodded Korsten out of his restless slumber and began running him about his room, either helping or forcing him to prepare for the day that hadn’t even come yet.  For people with unnaturally long lives, these mages certainly liked to rush about.
Korsten didn’t meet his first glimpse of sunlight until at least an hour after coming to an enormous, empty hall very far from the residential wing, and the bed he’d been virtually dragged out of.  The warm rays peered through the narrow windows high overhead and succeeded in casting deeper shadows throughout the vast space suddenly surrounding him.  He scarcely remembered making the journey and he felt as if he might fall asleep on his feet now as he stood waiting.
I’m positively unsightly, Korsten thought irrelevantly, noticing now the shirt he had managed to pull over his head without properly lacing after pulling on breeches with no hose and finally stepping into the boots meant for outdoors rather than in.  He hadn’t even had time for a bath.  He made a half-hearted attempt at correcting his appearance before finally just pushing a hand through his falling curls and continuing with his wait.
This feels like an ambush of some kind.  I certainly hope they don’t plan to test me on anything as I haven’t learned or even been taught a blessed…
The sound of footsteps disrupted the thought.  Someone was walking toward him, from the opposite end of the enormous hall.  It was a woman, slight of build, but seeming somehow athletic, dexterous.  Maybe it had something to do with the fact that she was dressed like a man, making her lean form all the more apparent.  Her dark hair was tied back and on her attractively birdlike face, she wore a narrow little smirk, like she were privy to some joke Korsten had not been made aware of.
“You’re even more pathetic standing up than you are lying down,” the woman of indeterminate age said.  “Did you forget to preen yourself this morning, peacock?”
Korsten was almost too tired to take offense.  “I beg your…what?”
The woman flipped the sword he finally noticed she was carrying—one of two—then dropped it on the floor and stepped on the guard to keep it from clattering away.  “You’ve survived this far.  Shall we see if that was only luck?”
Korsten was hardly prepared for this, but he managed to raise one foot as the sword spun at him, kicked across the floor by his nameless challenger, and to step down on it.  Lifting it with the toe of his boot, he sent the blade up to his hand.  After catching the weapon by the hilt, he tested it with a few quick strokes through the air.
“Pretty,” the woman said mockingly.  “Let’s see if there’s anything more to you than that.”
What does this have to do with magic? Korsten asked himself as he wandered sleepily into the familiar routine of stalking an opponent.  He’d never crossed foils with a woman before.  None of the ladies at Cenily or even in Renmyr’s family were so daring.  Not in front of anyone at any rate.  He wondered if this lady would be as brutal on him as his cousins had always tried to be.  She was dressed in layers of blue.  That made her smarter than average, if Korsten recalled his reading accurately.
He thought through the list of talents quickly.  Reasoning, Endurance, Quick, Strength, Will, and Foresight.  All of it in relation to the mind, where this woman was concerned.  Through Reason she could determine how he would fight, possibly even how he would react, based on his stance and his movement.  Mental endurance; his opponent could be patient, perhaps selecting to fight more defensively than offensively.  Mental dexterity; she could be quick to figure his methods out and to react with her own scheme of attack.  Will, determination; she could best him with that alone if it were strong enough.  Foresight; possibly she would be able to see his moves before he made them.  Unfortunately, Korsten had no idea which gifts the woman had and he had even less idea what other colors she had chosen—or were chosen for her—and what her talents were in relation to them.
And what have I got that will help me through this gods’ awful hour?  Grace?  I don’t feel very graceful now.  Intuition and education?  I don’t think that’ll be of much use here.  I didn’t need the Council of Mage-Superiors to tell me that I currently lack all will and, gods, I don’t even want to think about those other gifts they mentioned.  One is dormant anyway and the other...perhaps if I smile at her just right...
The absurdity of that thought enabled him to give his concentration to the matter at hand.  His opponent answered one question and inspired several others by lunging at him, quickly and suddenly, like a thieving child snatching an apple off a vendor’s cart.  Only she was after blood, not fruit.
Korsten turned aside her blow and offered one of his own.  The woman evaded and they were circling each other again.  Green eyes glared at him, surprising him.  She didn’t appear terribly empathic to him.  But then that area of the Spectrum wasn’t solely about being sensitive to the emotions of others.  It also included, emotional endurance, balance of emotions in terms of self-control, and emotional healing.  Perhaps her blue and green combination simply made her strong-willed.
Well, then.  This should be a lot like sparring with...Ren.
The woman came at him again.  He went after her almost angrily, resenting the fervor in her approach, dodging her attack and pressing his own.  Their blades quickly locked and a fluid rotation of the wrist sent one flying.  Korsten lowered his own sword immediately afterward and brought his free hand to his face, sighing into it.
“Not entirely helpless, are you?” the woman said.
Korsten drew his hand down over his jaw.  “What has this accomplished?” he wanted to know.  “You’ve seen nothing, except how I react after being dragged out of bed before dawn and provoked by an insensitive bitch.”
“Would you like to go again?” she asked him, chin lifted in defiance.  “I wasn’t prepared for such a straightforward attack before, but I’ll watch for your temper the next time.”
Korsten answered her by throwing the blade onto the floor.  “I’m finished.  My unplanned temper isn’t going to save me from demons anyway, if that’s what you’re hoping to find out.  If I’m to believe what I’ve been told, I’ve three times had the opportunity to give a brave reaction to the Vadryn and three times I’ve almost been taken by them.”
“You needn’t confirm your cowardice to me,” the woman answered.  “I don’t believe that you belong here.”
“Well, then we have something in common after all...”
“Sharlotte,” she supplied, almost haughtily; she actually seemed more angry than arrogant.  “Mage-Adept Sharlotte.  Ashwin is my lover and I don’t like seeing him suffer as you have made him with your selfish, idiotic sniveling over a demon bedmate.”
“I didn’t invite him to spell-touch me,” Korsten told her, as undaunted by her display of temper as she was by his.
She took a step closer to him, looking him fiercely in the eye, though she was a full head and shoulders shorter.  “He didn’t have a choice.”
“And I did?”
“Yes, you did.  You could have stayed put when Merran told you to and maybe you never would have awakened.  Maybe you’d have died in the arms of your filthy Vadryn lover!”
“Sharlotte,” someone said, softly, but still somehow forcefully.  “If he had not disobeyed Merran’s instructions, perhaps Merran would no longer be with us.”
The woman looked over Korsten’s shoulder and her expression softened at once.  Still, she managed to say, “I...don’t believe that’s true.”
“Merran does,” Ashwin said, joining them in body as well as in voice.  Korsten noticed that he was not wearing robes today, but rather a striking ensemble of ivory breeches, a full-sleeved shirt, slimming vest, and knee-tall boots.  His remarkably long blond hair was braided down to the length of it.  He looked very pretty and somehow masculine as well, even as he continued to speak in his very soft voice.  “What happened in Haddowyn taxed him to his limits.  I know that is true.  Even had I not witnessed his condition myself when he returned, I can see reflections of what went on in his eyes.”
Sharlotte cast Korsten another glare.  “Forgive me,” she said to Ashwin.  And then she left.  The crisp sound of her footsteps filled the air, eventually dissipating.  
Silence lingered afterward.
At length, Ashwin said, “She has always been protective.”
And rude?
“Perhaps she is a tad jealous as well,” the Mage-Superior offered.  “You will have to earn her trust, Korsten.”
“I’m not so sure I want it,” Korsten replied, ignoring the glance those words drew from the fair blond man.  “And what could she possibly be jealous about?  I think she’s made her opinion of me very...”
Ashwin reached out for Korsten, not quickly enough to alarm him, just to silence him, and slid his hand along his cheek.  Just as he had in the lily garden.  Korsten began to wonder if tears had escaped without his notice, but then he felt something both familiar and unexpected.  Something shared through the lingering link between him and Ashwin.  The Mage-Superior didn’t give Korsten a chance to react to the sensation they both felt by drawing Korsten to him and kissing him full on the lips.
He kept the contact mercifully brief—Korsten would have pushed him away otherwise and undoubtedly made yet another enemy—but he hovered near and stared deep into Korsten’s eyes.  “I have chosen Sharlotte as my spouse and she has chosen me, but the bond is one of comfort, providing each of us with a home to return to, if you will.  We have both strayed into the arms of others.”
Korsten was sure that he’d just been propositioned by a married man, but somehow he didn’t know how to react.  For one, the offer seemed open and that should not have been.  True, he and Merran, and probably every other nosy body at the Seminary, knew of Korsten’s preferences, but he didn’t anticipate this level of acceptance.  Or was it encouragement?  Aside from that, Ashwin may have been beautiful, but he wasn’t the man Korsten loved and he had someone anyway.
“Perhaps I’d better have a different mentor,” Korsten suggested, feeling weak for a multitude of reasons.  “I...don’t want to be the blame for spoiling a marriage.”
Ashwin smiled at him gently, exhibiting the patience of a parent with his child.  “Four hundred years is a long time for a marriage to last.  Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Four...hundred...” Korsten was confused and didn’t try to pretend otherwise.
Ashwin backed gracefully away, giving Korsten the space he would have insisted upon within a few more moments.  “Granted, Sharlotte and I have not been acquainted for so long, let alone been together.  It was only an example.  She has only been with the Seminary for one hundred eighty years.  Spousal arrangements are somewhat different here from what you know outside.”
“I’m...beginning to see that,” Korsten answered, feeling like a naïve child.  He suddenly remembered that Ashwin had kissed him and absently touched his lips.
“We have only one another here,” the Mage-Superior continued.  “We dare not become involved with non-mages, unless we enjoy the misery that comes of outliving them, of surpassing their youth in what has come to someone of my years to be the equivalent of a breath.  It is difficult enough outliving the mages who operate beyond the Seminary walls and who are brought back to us in spirit only, destined to reside in the garden until a piece of them returns in the body of another.  We cannot even procreate.  The longevity provided to us by the lilies will not allow it.  So a union between individuals is purely that; between individuals.  There can be no children or aging together to solidify the bond.  Committing solely to one individual is a noble intention, but impractical under the circumstances that are in place here.  Or so that has come to be my philosophy.”
“Oh,” was all Korsten could think to say.
Ashwin laughed lightly.  “I see that I have embarrassed and confused you.  Forgive me.  It is difficult to explain.  Know for now that no one here will think ill of you for any close friendships you may form, regardless of whom they are with.”
Korsten managed to nod, feeling more awkward by the moment.  He didn’t want to make friends here or enemies.  He didn’t really want anything...except for Ren.  Being here seemed the only hope at reaching him again.  People could be separated from the Vadryn after becoming occupied.  Korsten knew that much and he wanted to learn how, so that he could free Renmyr.  Nothing else mattered to him beyond that.
“You will come to understand things better when you have fully bonded with Analee,” Ashwin promised, simultaneously reminding Korsten of the butterfly.  “The soul-keeper is the only constant a mage knows throughout his or her career.  Analee will be with you always, when friendships grown over centuries are snatched away with the suddenness of lightning striking down a tree.  Trust her, Korsten.  As she trusts you.”
Korsten looked at the mentioned insect that had been fluttering in his shadow since he dared leave his bed.  On impulse, he held out his hand and watched the creature come to him.  Her tiny legs tickled over his fingers as she shifted her weightless position and then let her wings drop down.  This is madness, Korsten thought to himself, drawing his hand back to inspect the butterfly closer.  You’re an insect, a simple little...beautiful bug.
He thought of her coming to him that awful day at the Camirey Manor, touching him, triggering what may have stopped Renmyr from making the worst mistake of their lives beyond that which he’d already made in conspiring with a demon to begin with.  Korsten still didn’t understand that.  Why, Ren?  Gods, why would you do something like that?  And you were lying to me...pretending that you didn’t believe...all the while knowing otherwise and making your plans.  It must have been the Vadryn’s influence.  It must have already made some claim on you.  I just can’t believe...that you would...
Analee tickled him again, but this time it was different.  The sensation seemed more under his skin than upon it.  Or maybe it was both, like a thread pulling through fabric.  There was no pain, just a peculiar...indescribable feeling of surrender.  No, it was more mutual than that.  Whatever the tiny red creature was doing, Korsten was letting her.  Why not?  She isn’t hurting me.  In fact, the pain inside of him may have been numbing if it wasn’t leaving him altogether.
No, it isn’t leaving.  I can still feel you, Ren, and that hurts like Hell’s depths.  But I don’t think the pain is gripping me quite like it has been.  Perhaps I’m sharing it with Analee and that will allow me to concentrate on other things, like learning how to save you, Ren.  To save you from yourself, if I must...if you can’t see where you went wrong.  You’re everything to me, Ren.  I’m not going to lose you to some beast.
Korsten felt himself relaxing, inside and out.  He crouched down and eventually sank onto his knees, still balancing Analee on his fingers.  Though he still felt grief, he no longer felt alone.  He felt somehow connected to this creature, who was so much more than a mere butterfly, and thought that he felt a presence inside of her; himself and the individual whose soul she had been born from.  Adrea was her name.  Analee was the name she’d always wanted to give to a daughter, but her magehood denied her motherhood.  She died with many years behind her, but she was still very young.  She’d chosen Korsten to be her successor at the moment of his conception because she’d read his newly born soul and saw that he would never be inclined to sire children.  It would not have been a loss for him and it would be one less agony for him to suffer as he entered his new…and very long life.
Perhaps a wise woman, Korsten thought as he sat still upon the marble floor beneath him.  I’ve never wanted to create a new family and I don’t miss my old one.  But I did have a family in Haddowyn.  You didn’t anticipate that, Adrea.  How could you?  Perhaps you even thought I would find freedom at the Seminary, being the way I am, having come from an environment where my nature is not only considered perverse, but entirely unacceptable.  Knowing a miserable, oppressive life, I should welcome the sympathy and tolerance offered here, but how could you know that I would find Renmyr?  You couldn’t.  And you chose as best and fairly as you could.  I won’t begrudge you that, Adrea, and I will accept what you have given me...but I won’t ever leave the life I had behind me.  I’m going to save Renmyr...if it kills both of us.
Korsten finished the thought without shedding a single tear, and then stood.  He looked Ashwin directly in the eyes and said quietly, “I believe I am ready now.”
The Mage-Superior smiled.  “Then let your education truly begin,” he said and offered one of the weapons he’d retrieved while Korsten was communing with the ghost of Adrea, or the idea of his predecessor, at any rate.  He’d had to give a part of himself to Analee in order to do it, but he had an unexplainable feeling he’d just placed his soul in very safe keeping.

~

Korsten returned to his room hurting everywhere.  Ashwin proved a better opponent than he’d anticipated.  Gods, one would think that his Ambience was Endurance rather than Empathy.  The day is gone and I didn’t learn anything more than how to keep him from bruising every inch of me.  Perhaps that was punishment of some kind for my not answering his invitation to be a little more than just his student.
The bed came into Korsten’s path and he fell onto it.  He is damnably beautiful, and an empath.  He could probably convince me that I was being healed somehow...that it was part of some justified treatment and that I wouldn’t be betraying Renmyr...if I would let him.  But I won’t, because it would betray Renmyr.  It’s nothing at all like Ren bedding some woman he doesn’t have a care for as he tries to stave off suspicion concerning us.  I wouldn’t trust myself to simply have sex with a man like Ashwin, even if that was my intention.  At some point it would evolve into lovemaking and then we’d both be miserable as he felt my terrible regret over having strayed from the one I love dearest.  And I don’t even want to consider what Sharlotte might try to do to me anyway if she were to learn that Ashwin and I had had a more intimate lesson than had been scheduled for the day.  The woman is positively a tyrant.
“You look ghastly,” someone informed him needlessly.
Korsten rolled over just as Merran typically helped himself to a seat at the edge of the bed.  “I’ve witnessed rugs take less of a beating.  I never would have guessed Ashwin to be so merciless.”
Merran almost smiled.  “I told you today would be strenuous.”
“Yes, you did,” Korsten answered, giving his gaze to the ceiling.  He studied it for a moment, then narrowed his eyes.  “I didn’t hear you come in.  I thought we’d established the courtesy of a knock before entering.”
“The door wasn’t closed,” Merran said.
“Oh...well, perhaps you could go back into the hall and I could close it then.”
Merran changed the subject.  “You’ve bonded fully with Analee.  I can tell.”
Korsten glanced at his prone form.  “Am I thinner?”
And it was then, for the first time, that Merran actually laughed.  It was nothing hearty, but it was laughter all the same.  Silence followed the unexpected sound.  And then he asked, “Did Ashwin grace you with any bruises?”
“You mean it isn’t part of the lesson to suffer?”
“Where do you hurt?” Merran asked clinically.
“Everywhere,” Korsten answered, then rose from the bed.  He walked to the wash basin set neatly into the arced alcove across the comfortable width of the floor and found steaming water waiting for him.  I thought I smelled bath cologne.  Bless the Apprentice who read my mind and knew I’d love to have a good long soaking after my narrow escape from death by acute exhaustion.
Korsten peeled off his shirt and found a patch of discoloration at his wrist.  I wonder if I got you anywhere, Mage-Superior Ashwin.  I can’t remember landing even one blow.  At least the blades were blunted.  I was so tired this morning and Sharlotte was so vehement, I thought sure they weren’t.  He proceeded to strip down and had himself almost fully immersed in water that was wonderfully just short of scalding when he noticed the absence of his physician.
The Mage-Adept was still perched on the edge of the bed, staring at the door he’d had the presence of mind to close behind him.  He appeared deeply lost in his thoughts.  Korsten wondered if he should let him be and suffer with the bruises and the muscle aches.
Before he’d decided, Merran stood and came to the bath.  He rolled back his sleeves and knelt beside his patient.  “You are used to being catered after, aren’t you?”
Korsten couldn’t deny it, but he felt suddenly remiss for his behavior…all of it.  He stared glumly into the water and let Merran have his bruised wrist.  The man worked his magic and the pain went quickly away.  It took considerably longer for Korsten to swallow his pride and to say, “Merran, I’m sorry.”
The Mage-Adept scarcely stopped his healing efforts, just long enough to glance at his patient.  “You’re what?”
Korsten gave him a non-angry glare.  “I’m trying to apologize, bastard.  You might make it a little easier than that.”
Merran gave his blue eyes back to his work, which had quickly come to Korsten’s shoulder.  “It isn’t necessary for you to apologize to me.  You’ve been under unreasonable duress and I’ve done nothing to alleviate that.  Perhaps I’ve been cruel, but perhaps I’ve witnessed too much of the Vadryn’s cruelty.  I know what Camirey meant to you…”
“What he means to me,” Korsten corrected.
Merran’s touchless spell traveled across his patient’s chest.  “What he means to you,” the Mage-Adept conceded, leaning to reach Korsten’s other shoulder.  “I should have been more patient.”
“Three months isn’t patient?” Korsten wondered aloud, staring helplessly as he was given a very close view of a stoic profile.  Merran’s nose had a vaguely bent aspect to it…not overmuch, and his brow and chin were both very nicely defined.  This particular view enabled Korsten to also realize that Merran had longer eyelashes than he seemed to have at a distance.  They appeared darker against the intense blue of his eyes.  It wasn’t difficult to understand what Lerissa saw in him.  They were probably a good pairing, with her cheerful enthusiasm to balance his grave severity.
How much do you love her, I wonder?  Is that why you looked so unhappy before?  Not only because of the Vadryn, but because you were away from her?
“I think I’ll be all right now,” Korsten said without planning to.  He watched Merran withdraw, appearing a bit confused.  “Thank you, Merran.  You should go.”
Merran looked at him, revealing nothing in his expression about just how eagerly he may have wanted to leave.  “I know what I said before, but it actually isn’t any trouble to perform the spell.”
“There’s nothing wrong with me that rest and time won’t recover,” Korsten told him.  “Not on the outside anyway.  Please, go.  I don’t wish to keep you here any longer.”
Merran didn’t argue any further.  He simply stood and headed for the door, as calm and quiet as he’d ever been.
Korsten waited for him to reach the door and to pass through it before sinking back and drawing a deep breath.  There’s no reason for everyone who comes into contact with me to suffer.  I think Ashwin’s spell-touch has finally faded completely…if I’m qualified to gauge such a thing.  I won’t have to feel guilty about crying when I go to my empty bed and think of Ren, like I know I’m going to.
I don’t feel on the verge of tears all the time now that I’ve accepted Analee, someone who can share my burden without making me feel guilty, but the depression remains.
A tear obscured Korsten’s vision just then, confirming that he still had some left to shed in spite of the weight Analee had lifted from him.  Gods, I miss you, Ren.  And it hasn’t even fully dawned on me yet just how very far away you happen to be.  I’ve slept away more than three months of my life and then I tried to end it because I thought our life together was over.  Was I right in thinking that, Ren?  I still see the image Analee gave me, of you walking away.  I might have been dead, Renmyr, and you...you didn’t...
Korsten sat forward and dropped his face into both hands.  He learned that he could still weep and he learned also that it felt better to do so now, because he wasn’t weeping alone.  Above the link he and Ashwin had experienced, that had enabled the Mage-Superior to sense and reflect Korsten’s feelings, Analee actually shared them.  Without looking at her, Korsten could see the butterfly settled on the rim of the bath, her wings flattened; a dollop of perfect misery.




CHAPTER TEN

Korsten sat quickly upright from a restless sleep.  The nightmare ended with consciousness, but he still saw the images of blood and of demons.  They were demons born of Renmyr’s murdered family, stalking to Haddowyn from the manor, killing everyone in the city.  Korsten stood a helpless witness to the scene.  Someone was standing with him.  Someone he couldn’t identify in the dream, who told him it was better that demons take the town than Morenne.  The individual went on to contradict themselves by suggesting that maybe the Morennish king had arranged it.  Korsten remembered telling the stranger, a man, he thought, that he was wrong.  He went home after that and watched the Vadryn piling up around his house, wanting to get inside, clawing at the walls and leering through the windows.  Korsten recalled himself heading for his library...and then he woke up.
He still expected to be home, in Haddowyn.  It disturbed him that he wasn’t, but not quite as much as before.  He lay back and found Analee clinging to the bed curtains.  Then he closed his eyes, opening them again as he felt a sting at his neck.  He lifted his hand instinctively to the area of complaint and found the wound he’d felt before.  It felt warm and sticky to the touch, as if it still hadn’t healed.  But that’s impossible.  Merran worked the healing spell over the area just last night.  It should be healed...but it isn’t.
Korsten looked at his fingers in the grayness of very early morning and saw them wet with blood.  Not much, but it disturbed him that there was any at all.  Maybe Merran’s magic doesn’t cure infection.  Still, it can’t be all that bad.  He must have seen it and, based on his previous efforts, if he believed it to be life threatening, he would have done something about it.
Korsten didn’t want to linger on the matter and rose early.  He cleaned the angry wound and slipped into hose and breeches, but no shirt yet, so as to avoid ruining the garment while the stubborn injury continued to ooze a bit.  He stretched through lingering muscle aches, wondering what torture Ashwin had in store for him today.
Allurance, Balance, Quick, Reasoning, Will, and Song...these are supposed to be my gifts, though two remain dormant.  One is stronger than the rest with the potential for Ambience, the most powerful state a gift can arrive at.  Allurance...what exactly does such a gift entail?  It relates to red on the Spectrum.  That makes it physical and because red is the color I’m to focus on primarily, that gives Balance and Quick physical emphasis as well, though each extend into brown.  Brown...as in awareness of the world around oneself.  So does that mean, then, that I’ll be less likely to slip in a puddle of mud?  This is still very confusing to me.
Korsten performed a particularly indulgent stretch, arching his back as far as was humanly possible without falling over backwards.  And then he did fall back, voluntarily, though somewhat absently, and let his hands catch him.  And how will I know when any of these talents have reached Resonance?  According to others, that’s the first truly workable state of a gift.  Slowly, Korsten put all of his weight on his arms, stood briefly on his hands, then neatly swung his feet back to the floor and was standing upright again.
What if they never Resonate?  Korsten sat down on the floor, then spread his legs straight outward and, planting his hands firmly on the floor in front of him, lifted himself up.  He hovered motionless for a moment or two, then raised himself higher, bringing his legs together again, and finding himself in the midst of another handstand.  He walked out of it and headed for the balcony.  
He stopped at the first archway, suddenly aware.  “Analee...”
Korsten decided not to dwell on it and proceeded onto the balcony, where he leaned against the balustrade and gazed out across the rooftops of Vassenleigh.  The city was walled, gathered at the base of the Seminary as if in a parent’s protective embrace.  Not so long ago that protection failed.  Why had the people come back?  Why did the survivors stay?  What made them trust the order that had failed them, many of who were the very same mages present during the Vadryn’s attack?  There was no question that the event weighed heavy on Ashwin’s heart.  The pain in his eyes that day he explained it...the pain Korsten felt through him...it was…
“Korsten, you’re awake!” came a sudden, loud, and entirely too cheerful voice.
Korsten looked up to the source of the shouting and was unable to either frown or smile at the bright face of the young woman who lived above him, leaning over her own balcony, the ends of her long blond hair dangling almost within arm’s reach.  If he hadn’t recently been told that mages were unable to procure offspring, Korsten would have bet his father’s fortune that this charming girl child belonged to Ashwin.  Except that her eyes weren’t green.  Still, she resembled the man Korsten pictured if Ashwin had not been layered in glamour from his ingestion of the blood lilies; very blond and still very handsome with a winning smile.
“I’m coming down!” Lerissa announced.
“Can’t you use the door?” Korsten asked her as she began climbing over the edge of the balustrade above, onto the trellis that connected the balconies.
“It’s too far away,” she told him, completely disregarding the damage she might have been doing to the oversized blue robe she was wrapped in, or herself, as she scrambled over vine and latticework, catching more than once.  No less than five curses escaped the girl before she was finally on the stone railing that rimmed Korsten’s balcony.  He decided to help her before she lost her balance and fell the remaining stories to the stone yard below.
Smiling, Lerissa dropped her hands onto Korsten’s shoulders while he hauled her to safety by the waist.  Once on her feet, she laughed.  “See how much faster that was?”
“As long as Merran doesn’t take the same route,” Korsten replied dryly.
“I don’t think that he will,” Lerissa said, making a vaguely amused face as she apparently tried to picture it.
Korsten drew away from her and leaned back onto the balustrade.  He looked the blue-clad girl over, then said, “You don’t strike me as particularly rational.”
“I’m particularly clever,” she replied.  “Quick is my Ambient talent, linked to blue.  My predecessor focused on black and gave me Balance, Strength, and Quick, of course with a physical emphasis.”
“And yet you wound up in a tangle of silk and vine upon my balcony the first time you dropped onto it.”
Lerissa folded her hands behind her back.  “Well, I’m still trying to get them to Resonate.  I thought it might help if I exercise them.  That was partly how my life-mentor got my main talent to make Ambience so rapidly.  She had me working cryptic puzzles and solving complicated logic problems day after day for hours on end.  I thought I was going to lose my mind!  And then one evening I came upon a tactical plan Mage-Superior Ceth had been drawing up for a battle in South Meadows and worked out all the little flaws.  I didn’t know anything about war strategy, but somehow I managed to make sense out of it and, though the odds were terrible, I saw how the four mages Ceth wanted to send in could make the necessary difference in pulling out a victory.”
“Against?” Korsten prompted.
“Against the Morennish army.  They’d gotten very active in the southern regions at that time.”
Korsten nodded slowly, eyeing the very young woman curiously.  “Yes, I would have been probably around two at the time.  How long have you been here?”
Lerissa took a moment to consider.  “I was fifteen when I arrived...and it’s been almost thirty-eight years.  I really shouldn’t be at Adept status yet.  All that qualifies me is my Ambient talent, but they’ll only let Adepts operate in the field and there just aren’t enough of us.”  She narrowed her eyes contemplatively.  “I think they plan to push you a great deal.”
Korsten wasn’t paying much attention to that last bit.  He was stuck on the first part of her statement.  Thirty-eight years.  Gods, the girl is old enough to be my mother and she looks young enough to be my niece.  I have nieces as young as she looks.  And Ashwin...four hundred years?  Was he serious?  I wonder how long Merran’s been here.  Maybe a century...maybe longer?  And what did she say about pushing?  Could that have been what Ashwin was doing yesterday by running me all over that training room?  Did it work?  Is that why I was standing on my head this morning?  I don’t feel any different, though.
Lerissa distracted him, by suddenly reaching out and laying her fingertips gently upon the wound at the base of his neck.  “Does this hurt much?” she asked, and then her light touch drifted away.
Korsten touched it himself, checking for more blood.  It felt as if it had crusted over.  Grimacing, he answered the girl.  “It stings a bit and refuses to heal.  I’d like to know where it came from.”
“You don’t remember?” Lerissa asked him, serious now, appearing somewhat sympathetic as well.  “That’s where the demon bit you.”
“The demon...bit...” Korsten thought too suddenly of Renmyr.  He recalled now, vividly, how his lover had been kissing him.  He remembered giving himself to the seduction, staring over Renmyr’s shoulder, feeling strange, and then feeling a sudden pain...at the base of his neck.
“Most of the time the Vadryn make a ghastly mess of their prey,” Lerissa told him.  “I’m sure you’ve seen that.  Sometimes, though, they can get strange and if they’re in a mood, there’s no telling where they’ll try to siphon the life out of their victim.  If they want the individual to last, which is usually only when they’re feeding out of desire rather than to satisfy hunger or unguarded bloodlust, they’ll sometimes leave their mark relatively small and in a less conspicuous place.”
The girl drew a pause, then added carefully, “The way it was told to me...the Vadryn who tried to take you wanted to keep you...as a lover.”
“We were lovers,” Korsten told her as civilly as he could, ignoring the tears suddenly throbbing behind his eyes.  “But he wasn’t...”  Catching the sob that tried to escape, he gained control and said conclusively, “Renmyr Camirey is my love and he always will be.  I have nothing to live for without him.”  Before the girl could contradict him, like everyone here seemed so bent on doing, he added, “I have nothing that I care to live for without him.”
Lerissa lifted a hand to push back strands of her blond hair caught by a sudden breeze.  She didn’t smile when she said, “Maybe that will change.”
“It won’t,” Korsten assured her.
In the stubborn silence that followed, Lerissa eventually carried herself to the trellis and scrambled up onto it.  She looked back at Korsten before proceeding up to her own room.  “I hope it does,” she said in parting.
Korsten watched a black moth flutter after her.  Hessath, he reminded himself for no real reason.

~

At some point after the sun had fully risen, breakfast was brought to him.  Korsten found a comfortable chair in his room and carefully took in his first solid meal after months of being sustained by magic.  He expected to reject it, but somehow everything sat well in his stomach, including a pair of rolls smothered in a faintly blushed golden glaze that tasted like honey and that he recognized for as much long after the fact.
He’d taken in his first actual taste of the blood lilies, so far as he knew.  And he couldn’t say he didn’t feel any different.  He certainly did.  Afterward, he performed more than a few handstands, among other acrobatic feats, in his wonderfully spacious room and by the time he decided to give attention to the bath a thoroughly impressed Apprentice had drawn for him during his exercise, he was quite glad that Ashwin wasn’t around to tempt him again.  With as much energy as he’d suddenly been given, he was in no state to resist the opportunity to burn some of it away.
“You’ll get used to it,” Merran said to him much later, having found Korsten pacing the library while he read.  “In fact, you won’t find it near so much of a stimulant after just a few weeks.  It comes as a shock to a new body, but your system will conform to it soon enough and know what to expect from then on.”
“I was leaping off the walls,” Korsten told the man, glancing up from the pages spread before him.  “Literally.”
Merran was seated at the bottom of one of the iron staircases, doing nothing in particular.  “Coincidentally, I would say, some of your talents Resonated near to the same time.  Unless you’ve always been so nimble.”
“Not even as a child,” Korsten answered, still unable to sit.
Merran shrugged.  “Well, then no one can oppose your holding full Mage status.  You’ll begin to learn spells now.  Of course, until Reasoning elevates to Resonant level, the only spells for you to study are somewhat difficult.  But that’s always the way with red.  It’s the most complicated interval of the Spectrum.  Perhaps because it relates so closely to humans at their most complicated state of being.”
“Would you be talking about sex, Merran?”
The black-clad mage scarcely glanced at Korsten.  “Sexuality effects the mind and the body.  It often confounds both.  I prefer the medical perspective myself.”
“Why does that fail to surprise me?”  Korsten went back to his reading.  He paced a bit more, then finally willed himself to stand still.  “Merran, tell me something, would you?  What does it mean, having a particularly strong gift of Allurance?  I’m not going to be expected to act as a glorified prostitute, am I?  Seducing enemies or something?”
Merran looked at him.  And then he said, “You have a way with words, Korsten.  Has anyone ever mentioned that to you?”
Korsten nodded absently, eager for the explanation he’d requested.  “Well?”
Merran gave his gaze back to nothing in particular.  “I wouldn’t expect you to seduce allies, let alone enemies.  Nor would anyone else here.  Having a gift of Allurance means that you will have a considerable advantage over those who are susceptible to your excessive charm.  A demon who might kill another mage outright is liable to hesitate just for the hope of trying to seduce you.  Moreover, someone possessed might be drawn to you and, with your focus being red, you’ll be able to detect the demon easier.”
“Why does that make a difference?”
“You’ll be sensitive to blood, whether it runs hot or cold...or foul.  It won’t even require a spell.  You’ll simply know.”
“I’m not sure I like that,” Korsten admitted.  “I’m not sure I can appreciate any of this, but I’m willing to go through with it.  Tell me what else red entails.”
Merran thought a moment, then said.  “In your case, as you’ve already learned, your physical abilities will become heightened.  Always a benefit to facing off with one of the Vadryn.  If Song ever comes out of its dormant state, and you master the Siren spell, you’ll be able to lull an individual into a trance just with the sound of your voice.”
“Even a demon?” Korsten wondered aloud.
Merran nodded.  “They may be the foulest creatures to walk any plane, but they are also very sensual creatures with the same desires and weaknesses as many humans.  Beauty can enchant them.  Wanting someone can make them burn...and make them careless.  Some demons even provide themselves with the illusion of love and become romantically obsessed with an individual.”
“Illusion?” Korsten echoed, wondering if the Mage-Adept was referring to Renmyr, who was not a demon, but a victim.
Merran looked at him again, as gravely as he had in Haddowyn.  “The Vadryn torment the subject of their infatuation.  They lie to them and hurt them, willfully, making them little more than their own mindless doll before they are done.  Demons are corrupters and murderers, not always in that order.”
Korsten started pacing again and reading, deciding to let the subject alone.  If he didn’t he and Merran were going to be arguing again.  Truth be told, the man had his faults, but Korsten was getting used to him being around.  He gave answers when he had them and he usually meant well, even if his bedside manner was a bit coarse at times.  Aside from that the man served as a kind of link to Haddowyn, a last hold on the reality Korsten had left behind him.  Without Merran’s presence and the solid memories it was constantly reviving, Korsten might truly have believed he was dreaming.
It seemed both ironic and cruel that Merran would say what he said next.  “I came to tell you that I’ve been assigned to a matter in Sulerese.”
“Oh,” Korsten said, ignoring the pangs of bereavement and panic that assailed him inside, with unexpected immediacy.  
“I’ll be handing the matter of your physical health to Mage-Adept Lerissa,” Merran continued.  “Her talent for Healing has only recently resonated, but she is a fast learner and should be able to care for any injuries or discomforts you acquire in the time that I am gone.”
Since he mentioned it... “How long will you be gone?”
“It is difficult to say,” Merran answered.  “As long as it takes to investigate the nature of the problem and to resolve it, I expect.”
“Oh,” Korsten said again.  “Well...try not to get devoured.”
He felt Merran’s very blue eyes on him just then and could only imagine the look on the humorless creature’s face.
Korsten decided not to look at him.  He added, “And perhaps this time you could play your hand at diplomacy, rather than storming into town with news of devils and murder.  You might earn a warmer reception.”
“Well, I suppose that will all depend on how convinced I am that I’ve fallen into the company of a fool.”  Korsten glared at him now, and Merran added, “Over an educated man capable of accepting even the most outrageous claim as a possibility.”
Korsten wasn’t so sure he was going to miss the stability of Merran’s presence after all.  “I’m sorry I turned out to be such a disappointment.”
“Did you?” was all Merran said before he rose from his seat on the steps and left the library.
Korsten’s glare softened just a little and while he was sure he would miss the company of the only person he felt he actually knew here, he felt inclined to say, “Bastard.”

~

“Why do mages serve only Edrinor?” Korsten wondered aloud.
He’d come to be in a room that reminded him very much of Lady Camirey’s solarium, except that it was at ground level and the windows were open archways draped with flowering vines, rather than glass overlooking a rose garden.  The only way to not think of Renmyr was to think of everything he’d read in the library earlier that day.  The sound of a lute in the background, played by Lerissa, who for once gave an example of grace, offered some distraction as well.
Ashwin’s voice blended with the music, rather than interrupting it.  “The Seminary and Edrinor have a mutual arrangement.  Mages serve varying entities and sometimes only themselves.  Those chosen by our own are guided here by whatever means necessary and encouraged to stay.  However, sometimes they do not.  Those not chosen and granted the Essence by one who has passed from this world are either natural mages…wild mages, they’re sometimes called, bringing new magic into the world…or thieves of magic.”
“And there are varying degrees of thievery when the object of theft is magic,” Korsten replied knowingly, having read as much.
“An example of a petty thief would be a simple magician,” Ashwin said.  “Casting harmless spells to entertain or maybe even to create mild charms and potions for profit.  The worst thieves are the Vadryn, taking the magic from the very blood…the souls of others.”
“And somewhere in between lies Renmyr,” Korsten said absently as he stood in one of the archways with his back to the stone and his arms folded in front of him, gazing out at the darkening sky of evening.  His eyes misted helplessly, but he didn’t cry.
Ashwin wandered into his line of sight, making a gradual path onto the veranda overlooking a stone yard and surrounding cloisters, marked periodically with iron lanterns that a pair of Apprentices had come along and lit an hour or so ago.  The Mage-Superior was once again wearing layers of white silk.  Delicate patterns were embroidered upon the soft fabric with silver thread.  His very long hair cascaded down his back, shimmering softly beneath both starlight and firelight.  He scarcely looked real.
“Long ago, mages were the guardians of magic,” Ashwin said.  “Their objective to understand and preserve.  There is no one source of magic.  It exists in nature, spreading itself thinner with the birth of each new creature or the sprouting of each new seed.  Life promotes new magic and is given back with death.  The Vadryn changed that.  They interrupt the cycle, prolonging their existence with that which should have gone back into the earth.  The world fades for their greed.”  The Mage-Superior drew a fragile pause, then added, “I have seen it fading.”
Korsten pushed himself away from his lean against stone and joined his mentor on the veranda.  He walked past him, to the balustrade, where he braced his hands upon the smooth stone.  “Mages are forced to commit the same sin in order to battle the Vadryn,” he presumed, and correctly, judging by Ashwin’s deliberate silence.  In a moment, Korsten said, “The Vadryn are winning this war, aren’t they?”
“They have the advantage,” Ashwin admitted.  “The tide turned strongly in their favor with the fall of Edrinor’s ruling family.”
Korsten glanced back at him.  “Why should that make such a difference?  Why can’t another king be appointed to restore order?”
“The Rottherlen family carried the Essence strongly in their veins.”
Korsten was surprised by this information.  “They were mages?”
Ashwin shook his head carefully.  “They weren’t mages, as such.  However, they did have the potential to be and they had a very unique access to the Spectrum.”
“How so?”
“There is an interval not mentioned in any of the books you’ll find here or anywhere else in this world.  The Rottherlen family could reach that interval and were therefore given a very rare talent.  There’s no actual label for it, but it’s something like charismatic virtue.”  Korsten lifted his brow, curious.  Ashwin satisfied that curiosity with further explanation.  “It enabled them to rule with minimal resistance from the people, who could feel that gift emanating from their ruler.  It made them feel safe, protected, guided.  They trusted and worshipped a leader who would not betray that trust or take advantage of the people’s affection.  Unfortunately, that level of reliance made the family’s death a greater tragedy.  All of Edrinor felt the loss, just as it felt the gift.  The land fell into chaos.  With the Vadryn’s increased power and numbers, it also fell into depression.  Countries such as Morenne would seek to take advantage of the state Edrinor has come to be in.  So we at the Seminary must fight them as well.”
“Why?” Korsten couldn’t help but to ask.  “Maybe new leadership will help the people and help to be rid of the Vadryn.”
“No,” Ashwin said gently.  “The Morennish people are abrasive and overbearing at best.  All Edrinorian lords and landholders would be displaced and dispossessed if they did not agree to become the puppets to men who would still occupy their land and give themselves higher rank.  Cities would have order, perhaps, but the people would still exist in misery.  All entities holding ties to the Old Rule would be disbanded if not destroyed.  The Seminary would be among the first, once it was discovered that Vassenleigh was not as bad off as the rest of the world has been led to believe.”
“Why is that?” Korsten asked next.  “Why let everyone think that there are no more mages?  Perhaps awareness of your presence could provide some hope.”
Again, Ashwin turned down his suggestion.  “Operating in relative secrecy is the only way to operate at least somewhat safely and efficiently.  We no longer have time to attend to the smaller matters that hound Edrinor’s people and we assuredly have neither the time nor the desire to ward off revolts out of anger and feelings of betrayal.”
“I see,” Korsten said, looking back at the sky, feeling very useless and insignificant at present.
Ashwin appeared beside him.  He said quietly, “You are a man of great beauty and great intelligence, Korsten.  You know this.  And yet, knowing does not elevate your self-esteem.  You have been withdrawn, bordering on antisocial, all of your life, relying heavily on the few people you are willing to trust.  Separation from these people causes you tremendous inner turmoil.  You are wounded, angry, and afraid, blaming yourself for what has happened.”
“I am to blame,” Korsten told him, forcing back the tears Ashwin’s very accurate words inspired.  “You’re right.  I did rely on Renmyr too much.  I feel incomplete without him...painfully so.   I...”
“You brought Merran back to us,” Ashwin interrupted.  “If you had not loved Renmyr Camirey so deeply, Eolyn might have come back alone and you might have been claimed by the Vadryn, with no hope of releasing your beloved from the darkness that binds him now.  What happened was going to happen.  It was unavoidable.  You kept it from ending in worse tragedy.  You are braver than you realize.”
“The only life I meant to save that day was my own,” Korsten said bitterly, disgusted with himself.  “Because I cannot live without Renmyr.  I am alive now for Merran’s persistence...and because I believe Renmyr can be saved.”
Ashwin smiled gently, “As I said; you are braver than you realize.”

~

“He’s right, you know,” Lerissa said.  The old girl was seated on the balcony railing, brushing her very long hair while Korsten, recently bathed, sat in a heap of wonderfully soft silken robes on the floor next to his bed.  He wasn’t quite sure how he missed the bed, but he was comfortable enough at the moment, so he stayed where he was and watched his upstairs neighbor preen...and talk at him.  “You’re very brave.  Any other pretty young man would have been running scared from me.  They’ve done it, I know.”
“I’m sure they have,” Korsten muttered.  “Fortunately…or unfortunately, I’m used to the excessive and direct attention of young women.”
“But I’m not young, you know,” Lerissa said cheerily.  “I look young and feel young, but I know I’m far from it.  It can be maddening to think about, so I tend not to.”
“It can be maddening for you to think about?  I would have thought you’d have the whole matter sorted out and broken down into bite-sized portions.”
Lerissa looked at him, then abandoned her perch and walked toward him.  She climbed onto the mattress behind him and positioned herself so that she could comfortably brush Korsten’s drying hair.  He relaxed and let her, aware and appreciative of the fact that it was not an attempt to seduce him.
“You’re a very melancholy person,” she said, working her hand and the brush slowly through his recurling red locks.  “It suits you, though.  Don’t mistake me.  Of course, I’d love for you to be happy, but your current state is very artistic, I think.”
“I think you’re a very odd girl,” Korsten replied.
“Good.  Then you won’t be alarmed if I play with your hair a bit.  It’s very beautiful.”
“I’m not a woman, you know,” Korsten protested unenthusiastically.
“Naturally, but you’re the kind of man who can make himself even more beautiful than he already is without coming off as cloying or scary.  Have you ever dressed yourself up for the fun of it?”
“I’m not quite sure what you’re implying, Lerissa, but I’m not a doll, either.”
The girl continued with her efforts, pulling all of Korsten’s hair back and then letting it go before gathering it again.  “Don’t be so difficult.  You have nothing to be ashamed of and no one here will make you feel ashamed.  Tell me honestly; have you ever wished you’d been born a female?”
Korsten reddened helplessly and didn’t pull away from the girl in order to keep her from seeing that she had made him blush.  His answer came a bit more tensely than he’d intended.  “No, I have not.”
Lerissa took it very lightly and said simply, “I wish sometimes that I’d been born male.  Not because I want to wear breeches…I rather like dressing up in nice gowns when I have the opportunity…but...”  She lifted her shoulders.  “I sometimes wish that I could be like Ashwin.”
Relaxing again, Korsten said, “You’re not too far off.  If you were taller and inclined to wear more brocade robes...”
Lerissa tapped the top of his head lightly with the back of the brush.  “That isn’t what I meant.”
“Well, what do you mean, then?”
The girl resumed her grooming of Korsten’s red hair, combing through the damp locks with her fingers now.  She sighed.  “In spite of how things tend to be here and how open we mages tend to be in our relationships...Sharlotte loves just one person.”
Korsten didn’t say anything, frowning curiously as he learned something about the blond Mage-Adept that he never would have guessed had she not been confessing it at this very moment.
“Of course, I can respect that,” Lerissa continued, innocent of Korsten’s surprise.  “And I respect Ashwin a great deal.  The man’s like a father to me...but I can’t help how strongly I feel about Shar.  She has such resolve and she’s so beautiful and passionate, and...”
“Vindictive, distrusting, and tyrannical.”
“Oh,” Lerissa said, giggling quietly.  “She backed you into a corner, did she?”
“Not as such,” Korsten answered.  “But she made it clear as to where I stood in comparison to a horse turd.”
“She always gets like that when faced with Ashwin’s other lovers.”
Korsten sat forward just enough to look back at Lerissa.  “I’m not his lover!”
Lerissa shrugged.  “Well, you could be.  And that’s all that matters to Sharlotte.”
“Isn’t she a little overprotective for someone who’s taken other lovers herself?”
Lerissa looked suddenly a tad glum.  “Shar’s only had one person other than Ashwin and only as a source of comfort because she can’t be with him all the time.”
“You?” Korsten guessed.  When the girl nodded, he settled back again.  “And you’re in love with her.”
“Yes,” Lerissa admitted.  “It took me years to convince Shar that there could be more than friendship between us.  Even after her long time serving here she wasn’t entirely open to same-sex pairings.  At first we were more like sisters, nothing more than attentive and sensitive to the other’s problems, willing to hear them out without complaint or straying from the subject.  I took a chance on a night when she was especially lonely, having convinced herself that being Ashwin’s spouse meant little more than living in the same room as he sometimes did, and I felt terribly guilty about it afterward.  Like I’d taken advantage of my best friend.  I thought she’d never come back to me...but she did.  I wish she’d do so more often.”
Korsten absorbed the information, finding suddenly that he could sympathize with Sharlotte.  There were some things that simply could not be shared, and genuine love was one of them.  If she loved Ashwin that much, as much as he loved Renmyr, then she must have been in considerable pain.  As an empath, Ashwin should have known that, and known better.  But perhaps he did know better.  He only had a few hundred years’ advantage over most everyone else, if not more.  He must have gained considerable wisdom in that time.  Perhaps it was some of that wisdom that he was trying to share with Korsten the other day, but, being the inexperienced and ignorant mortal of just twenty-four years that he happened to be, he wasn’t quite making sense of the man’s words.  Gods, four hundred years?  Edrinor must have barely been a kingdom back then.  Barely an organized kingdom, at any rate…recalling my history.
The thought might have become an inner debate on the subject if something had not suddenly occurred to Korsten.  “What about Merran?”
“Merran?” Lerissa echoed, seeming distracted with Korsten’s hair.  “Well, he’s a charming fellow, isn’t he?  In a grave, mysterious kind of way.”
“I thought...”
“Here we are,” the girl interrupted, then leaned forward with the hand mirror she’d brought with her from her own room.  “Look at you.  Aren’t you lovely?”
Korsten looked at himself, with his hair pinned on top of his head, tendrils of dark red escaping Lerissa’s careless efforts.
“I didn’t have enough pins in my own hair to borrow and do a perfect job,” the girl was saying and Korsten pushed the mirror aside, disinterested.  “Oh, but you look beautiful!  Don’t be so glum, Kor.”
“I thought you said it was artistic,” Korsten said, just to be argumentative.  He found himself suddenly not in the mood for Lerissa’s attempt to cheer him up or to make him feel more comfortable, whichever she was trying to do.
“It is, but not all the time.  Oh, Korsten, can’t you just accept that you’re here, for whatever it’s worth, and make the best of it?”
“I have accepted the fact that I’m here,” he replied.  “But I don’t intend to make a grand socializing affair out of it.  I’m here to learn, so that I can save all that matters to me in this world.”
“What if he can’t be saved?” Lerissa posed, perhaps reasonably.
“I have to try,” Korsten said.  “If you love Sharlotte as much as you claim to, then you must understand that.”
Lerissa leaned forward without warning and threw her arms around Korsten’s shoulders.  “I do understand that,” she whispered, and kissed his cheek.  “I do.”



CHAPTER ELEVEN

Concentrate.  It will come to you.  Just...
“Other way!”
Korsten opened his eyes and glared over his shoulder at Lerissa.  “Father of the gods!  How in Hell am I supposed to remember a blessed thing with you constantly-”
“If you do it wrong, you’re going to wind up doing something unpleasant to one or both of us,” Lerissa replied.  “A breach in concentration simply scatters the magic harmlessly.  Now, start again.”
“I don’t remember you becoming my mentor at any time in the recent past,” Korsten muttered, then faced the empty courtyard again, and closed his eyes.  He brought his hands together in front of himself, lacing all but his index fingers and thumbs.  He made sure his arms were level in front of his chest, elbows out.  There were no words to casting spells, just a dire amount of concentration to generate the magic, coupled with careful hand gestures to channel it.  It didn’t look nearly so hard while Merran was doing it, or anyone else for that matter.  He summoned his concentration once again and focused, reaching for the Essence within himself, drawing it forward.  In his mind, it appeared a tendril of white mist.  Once he had that, he slowly drew his hands apart, keeping them upright.  He rotated his right hand forward and his left hand back.  Since Lerissa didn’t stop it at this point, he must have finally gotten it right.  Maintaining his focus, he righted, then lowered his hands and placed his left hand on top of his right, then drew the magic forward by sliding his hands slowly apart, so that only the tips of each middle finger were touching.  And then he brought his hands upright again, pressing his palms and all of his fingers flat together.
“Hell’s depths,” Lerissa gasped.  “You did it.  You...okay, that’s enough.  Korsten!”
Oh, gods, how do I stop it without dashing the spell?
Korsten watched the smoky tendril expanding, growing thicker and thicker.  Eventually, he managed to cut off the flow of magic, like snipping a mental thread.  It was a little more abrupt than he liked to end a spell, but it worked.  He opened his eyes and stared at the cloud of white vapor in front of him…and behind him, and well above him...  A bit too much, perhaps.
“My gods,” Lerissa said from where she stood, folded in the mist as well.  “You buried the whole damned yard!  I can’t see a thing!”
In the next instant, the mist withdrew, as if sucked into a giant’s lungs.  It was gone in seconds, closed neatly into Ashwin’s pale fist.  “Not bad for a month’s practice,” the Mage-Superior said.  “However, I don’t recall this being on the agenda of things to do today, for either of you.”
Lerissa apologized at once while Korsten simply waited for his life-mentor to cross the stone yard.  He’d been practicing the mist spell for a month.  He’d been at the Seminary for a total of five months now, including the three he’d spent unconscious after his arrival.  Most of his assigned work had been reading and fencing, the same activities he performed in Haddowyn and in Cenily.  If he’d been given time in a music room, he’d feel fourteen again.
Reasoning had Resonated shortly after Balance and Quick.  All of his talents linked to brown on the Spectrum were at Resonance now and so was the one related to white that wasn’t dormant.  He mastered the Reach spell in two weeks’ time and had barely been introduced to the four other spells on his agenda for eventual mastering.  Granted Megrim and Sleep would be almost impossible until his talent for Allurance Resonated, but there was no reason, he thought, why either Mist or Release had to be so difficult.  He was sure that he could master them if given enough time to study them and to practice.
Ashwin, on the other hand, seemed to have other plans.  He waited until he was within an arm’s reach of Korsten before coming to a halt.  There was a faintly reproachful smile on his lovely face as he said, “You are pushing yourself a little harder than we intended.”  He looked over Korsten’s shoulder at Lerissa.  “And you aren’t helping matters.”
“You’re right, of course, Ashwin,” the girl said and while Korsten glared back at her, she made her escape.  “I think I’ll just go see to my reading now.”
Traitor.  Run now, I’ll see you later.
“Korsten,” Ashwin said, drawing his attention back to him.  He was standing a bit closer.  “You have adapted to the duties thus far placed upon you as a mage remarkably well, but don’t you think you might focus just a little of your energies elsewhere?”
“I’m here to learn,” Korsten argued reflexively.
Ashwin tilted his head forward so that their brows just touched.  It was a habit he’d quickly formed over the last several weeks and for some reason, it didn’t alarm or disturb Korsten.  The Mage-Superior could be a very affectionate and at times very direct man, but he was not the type to force himself on others.  A gentle push was all he required to leave well enough alone.  “No one sees you unless it is in the library or a training room,” he said quietly.
“Lerissa sees me,” Korsten informed, frowning a little.
“And I would not complain if she were your lover.  You’re closing yourself in.”  Ashwin lifted his head.  “If I were to give you the rest of the day off, I would find you in the library inside of an hour, buried up to your ears in books.”
Korsten felt the familiar stirring of depression deep in his chest.  He gave his gaze to the stone underfoot.  “It’s all I can do to keep my mind off Renmyr.”
“Perhaps a body can do that just as well as a book,” Ashwin suggested.  “And I don’t mean for sword practice.”
“That will only make matters worse.”
Ashwin slipped his hand beneath Korsten’s chin and lifted his face gently.  “Are you sure?” he asked, and his green eyes regarded Korsten with such compassion...that it just wasn’t fair.
I’ll never love anyone except Renmyr, but gods be damned if there aren’t times when I could almost do anything to alleviate some of the pain.  The trouble is that I know it’d come back at me a hundred times worse afterward.
Korsten lifted his hand to Ashwin’s wrist and lowered the other man’s hand slowly.  “I’m sorry,” he said, and meant it.
“Well,” the exceptionally blond man sighed, backing good-naturedly away from his student.  “If you’re so determined to train yourself to near death, you should at least have proper instruction.”
Korsten tried to smile at him, but wasn’t very successful.  Still, he said, “That’s what I expect to hear from the man who ran me into the ground and turned my complexion purple during my first day’s training.”
“You looked stunning,” Ashwin teased.
“Stunned, don’t you mean?” Korsten replied.
“I thought that was because of the kiss,” the very old man said with a tiny smile.  “Perhaps we can rehash the event later on.”
Gods...give me strength.

~

Korsten was exhausted come nightfall, utterly mentally spent.  He didn’t even have the concentration to set one foot in front of the other.  He felt like he was drunk.  How could anyone who looked so gentle be so brutal?
Ashwin had guided him safely indoors and to his room.  “Shall I summon Lerissa?” the Mage-Superior asked, depositing his student into his own bed.  “Do you have a headache?”
Korsten sprawled on the mattress that had never felt softer or more inviting and promptly closed his eyes.  “I think...I’m going to have...a migraine.”
“Perhaps,” he heard Ashwin say, as if from some distant place or a dream.  “Learning spells as quickly as you do does tend to have an intoxicating effect, complete with the coinciding after effects.”
“Yes...”
“Goodnight, Korsten,” Ashwin said, his voice seeming to fade away now.  And then, just before it was gone completely, “Analee, you are raising a wonderful mage.”

~

“You’re raising a fine scholar, Fand.”
Korsten could hear the voices through the library door.  He despised it when others talked about him, even if they had pleasant things to say.  Usually they didn’t and if they did it was usually just to placate whomever they were speaking to, who happened to be unfortunate enough to have him as their relative.
“He was a fine scholar when he got here,” Fand said.
“Thank you, Uncle,” Korsten murmured as he read.  “Perhaps you ought to tell them what else I was.  What else I am...diseased...abnormal...fourth daughter to Lord Sethaniel Brierly...”
“It’s come to my attention that the young man gives lessons as part of his duty to you,” the man continued.  It sounded like Lord Camirey himself.
Korsten made a cynical noise and glanced at the closed door as he turned a page in his book.  “As part of the fee owed for being allowed to stay here...in the house rather than the stables.”
Fand’s next words made his nephew feel a pang of remorse for having spoken so quickly, even if only to himself.  “It’s part of his duty to himself.  The lad needs a career and, aside from that, I’m considering naming him my heir.  His father’s too pigheaded to recognize his abilities over some questionable bastard only a few years older than Kor and several leagues away from his equal in matters of education and intellect.”
“Well, Fand, with that being the case, would you mind if I propose a new student for the young man?  Ren’s been struggling in his history less-”
“I have not, Father,” a young man groaned.  He had a deep voice, but the words and tone betrayed his youth.  “Hell’s depths, I only said that if it’s so dire that I impress Lord Irbain with my education that I ought to be fully educated, else let him ask me something on a topic I haven’t had time to study properly and watch me embarrass the both of you with the frankest answer I can think of in the moment.”
“He’s not interested in learning,” Korsten muttered irritably.  “He only wants someone to enforce key words upon his otherwise occupied brain.  No, thank you.  It’s difficult enough trying to...”
The silence in the study next door made Korsten pause.  He heard footsteps come across the passage, and then a crisp knock upon the door.  He cursed to himself, then sighed.  “Yes, come in.”
“Ah, Kor,” Fand said pleasantly.  “Right where I expected you to be.”
Korsten failed to look up from his book.  “Is there something I can help you with, Uncle?”
“Lord Camirey has brought you another student.  You remember his son Renmyr?”
That was his cue to look up from his reading.  He did, and reacted the same way he always had when given a view of Ithan Camirey’s second son.  His heart immediately dropped into his stomach and his blood began to throb under his skin.  The youth was so damnably handsome…tall and well-muscled with a slightly squared jaw, and enthralling silver eyes…and so miserably arrogant.  The few times Korsten had actually spoken to Renmyr he walked away with his heart hammering, every inch of his skin gone to ice, and his blood burning.  Gods be damned if he wasn’t attracted to the brute, if he didn’t want him as surely as an unattended horse would eat itself sick…but there wasn’t a hope beyond friendship for them, and even that was debatable.  Korsten believed he would go mad closed in a room with the younger man for even a few moments, let alone hours.
At some point during his staring and agonizing, Korsten realized that Lord Camirey was speaking to him, requesting his time and knowledge...requesting that he grant it to Renmyr.  Dragging his gaze away from the mercilessly charming topic of the discussion, Korsten opened his mouth to refuse.  The excuse was half-formed, on the tip of his tongue.  And then he said, “Very well.”
The words weren’t eager, thank the gods, but they weren’t in refusal.  Korsten caught a glimpse of Renmyr Camirey’s satisfied smile, along with Ithan and Fand’s, then gave his attention back to the book he’d been reading.  
Parting words were delivered, feet shuffled as bodies made their exit, and Korsten felt like he could breathe again.  However, his breath quickly fled him, when someone leaned over the back of his chair, placed his slightly sun-darkened hand on the table very near to where Korsten’s own hand was braced, holding the book, and began speaking.
“So, what’s this?” Renmyr asked affably.  “It looks like history, but I hope you plan to summarize.  One page of this stuff will take hours by itself.”
Though his heart was hammering wildly, Korsten managed to speak in steady tones.  “Well, I suppose I could abbreviate just a bit, so as to limit some of the time you have to spend indoors rather than…”
Renmyr went to turn the page, as if curious to see what was on the next, and his fingers just brushed over Korsten’s hand, setting fire coursing through his insides.  This was going to be damn near impossible, but he couldn’t slip.  He couldn’t embarrass Fand and take the chance that his uncle wouldn’t throw him out.  He’d have to go back to Cenily, else live like a beggar, and gods only knew what Sethaniel would do.
“I’m not in any hurry,” Renmyr said, finally drawing away.  He found another chair at the library table and sat himself down.  “I think that we will be able to cover more, though, if some topics are kept short, leaving room for others.”
Korsten looked at his sudden student, who he would not have kept today, if given a choice. “I’ll just get you a journal...so that you can write down things you want to remember.”  It took him entirely too long to act on his words.  He realized suddenly that he’d been staring at the youth, who’d been gazing right back, calm and confident...and what else?  Korsten was neither innocent nor ignorant and he knew, based on rumors, that Renmyr wasn’t either.  However, Renmyr’s affections had all been for women.  He couldn’t possibly...
This isn’t going to work.  There must be somewhere else I can go, Korsten thought to himself as he went for the journal.  I have other relatives in Edrinor.  One of them must live someplace where the population is comprised of nothing but women, children, and very old men.  Remember Firard, just as confident, just as certain in his gazing.  As certain as I am now?  I accepted Firard, because he was there and eager.  Gods, but I want what sits before me now, as much as I’ve ever wanted anything...more.
Korsten found a book of blank pages and turned to deliver it to Renmyr…his student, who unexpectedly came to be standing right in front of him.  
There was a peculiar absence of words, of announcement or consent, before the young lord took Korsten’s face in both hands and brought their mouths together.  They kissed passionately for several dizzying moments.  In those moments, it became apparent that Renmyr had already determined that there would be no lessons learned that day, save how to make love discreetly.

~

Korsten awakened from memory, feeling as if he’d awakened from dream as his environment settled around him.  He was so very far away from that library...and Renmyr.
What have you been doing all this time, Renmyr?  What has become of the city I believed meant so much to you?  Gods, I want nothing more than to go back, but I can’t yet.  I don’t have the knowledge I need to save you, love.  I’d trust the task to no one else, though it’s not as if anyone will ask me when it comes time for the Seminary to give its attention back to Haddowyn.  That’s why I have to study as long and hard as I can.  When I’ve mastered the spell of Release, I’ll come to you, Ren, and unbind you from the darkness.  I promise.
“I love you, Ren,” Korsten whispered into the predawn air that wafted into his room at the Seminary.  Afterward he turned onto his side and gazed out at the sky for hours, watching morning come.  The sky scarcely seemed to light at all as rain moved in over Vassenleigh.  
Eventually, Korsten rose, bathed, and donned the peculiar cassock-style robe with sheer sleeves.  The close-fitting breeches underneath stopped at his ankles and on his feet he wore soft slippers.  He didn’t feel much like doing anything physically active today and hoped Ashwin would let him limit his studies to books and spells.
If not, I’ll simply have to change, Korsten thought, looking at himself in the mirror, deciding on a whim to tie his curls back.  He didn’t look too bad off, for a despondent student of magic, who’d been taking in far too much of a certain flower that contained the souls of dead people.
Korsten wasn’t tending toward excess glamour yet, thankfully, but he also didn’t look as beleaguered as he should have after everything he’d been through over the last several months.  He had a strange feeling that he was seeing himself as he would always look, forever now, until the time of his death, so long as he remained a mage.  And what would happen if he left the Seminary?
That subject was given to a long while of rumination after Korsten carried himself to the middle arch leading to his balcony and sat on the floor beneath it, watching the inclement weather.  An Apprentice eventually came bearing breakfast.  Korsten acknowledged the food by thanking the gray-clad youth who brought it to him, then continued with his thoughts, drawing no conclusions and letting each one bring him back around to Renmyr.  His eyes filled with tears eventually, but he didn’t weep.  He was getting better at not doing that so automatically.  Analee came to him and planted herself upon his left knee after fluttering close to his jaw, as if to kiss him sympathetically.
“You’re really a very lovable creature,” Korsten finally said to her.  “I’m sorry I didn’t see that before.”  He could feel that no apology was necessary, but he was glad to have delivered one anyway.  Just as he had been with Merran, difficult as the man happened to be.
“I wonder what’s taking him so long,” Korsten said aloud.  He’d developed a habit of speaking to his soul-keeper, as he’d learned most mages did.  “If he’d been killed, I think Ashwin would have mentioned it.  Lerissa surely would have.  I can only assume the man’s been incarcerated for stirring a panic.  And this time no one’s been good enough to get attacked by a ravenous corpse and give themselves cause to believe a word of what he has to say.  Well, I suppose they’d have to survive the attack first...like I might not have if...”
Once again his thoughts came to Renmyr.  He did not vocalize them.  You knew, Ren, didn’t you?  You knew what had befallen Areld, and what he might do.  And still you let me walk right up to him.  You were so calm that day, except during the moments you felt it necessary to call Merran a liar, when it was you who were lying.  Lying to me.  I have never lied to you.  Not once, Ren.

~

Time slipped away from Korsten.  He’d stopped concentrating on it, giving his focus solely to his training.  He still hadn’t mastered the Mist spell, but there wasn’t an opponent provided at the Seminary, not Sharlotte and not even Ashwin, who could keep up with him any longer in foil practice.  His movement was fluid and flawless, enabling him to evade or turn back the most aggressive attack and to defy the most subtle.  Surprisingly, not even Mage-Adepts, also with strong gifts of Balance and Quick could defeat him.
“Those two gifts,” Ashwin explained after a particularly long duel that was eventually called to a draw, “never become Ambient.  Not in the physical aspect.  They’ll reach varying degrees of Resonance.  Some, like yours, much stronger than others.  Ambience is reserved for rarer or more specialized talents, such as Will, Healing...Empathy...”
“Father of the gods,” Korsten said with a very faint smile.  “I never thought I’d witness you breathless.”
“Though they defy decrepitude, like the rest of a mage’s body, the lungs still work the same.”  Ashwin walked his foil to the storage rack in the training hall, one of several at the Seminary, and reached back for Korsten’s as he arrived.
Korsten surrendered the item, noticing a sheen of sweat upon his skin as his exposed arm passed in front of his vision.  He’d taken to wearing the sleeveless jerkin with high collar routinely.  As routinely as Ashwin presented himself in brocade robes and Merran elected to wear that long black coat of his.  When Ashwin noticed and Korsten had tried to explain his taste for the simultaneously simple and attractive outfit he’d been given to wear on his very first conscious day at the Seminary, it was the Mage-Superior who actually gave explanation.  
Ashwin stated simply that a mage tended to select the attire that would best suit his station and function at the Seminary.  When Korsten failed to see how wearing the comfortably sparse, athletic garb helped him to read, which was what he did most often, the elder took the opportunity to inform him that he would be a field operative when his training was complete.  He would be like Merran, journeying to various places to sort out any trouble with the Vadryn or, he was surprised to discover, getting sent to the front lines of the ongoing battle kept up between Morenne and the remains of Edrinor’s organized army.  Those who had remained loyal to the Throne and to the mages who had spent lifetimes serving it.  Korsten had previously known nothing about this.  He’d been taught that, after the death of the king, his soldiers slowly scattered, many of them becoming mercenaries, hiring on with random landlords looking to build up defenses against Morenne.
Korsten still didn’t know what he thought about that.  He was not exactly the militaristic type.  Of course, he was not the type to stalk demons, either.  He understood now that it needed to be done and he fully believed that there were individuals equipped to do it, but he yet held onto a single purpose.  His cause, without waiver, was to save Renmyr.  After that...
“Join me at the Falls, won’t you?” Ashwin suddenly requested.
Korsten blinked, pulling too quickly out of his thoughts and into present conversation.  It took him a moment to hear all of what Ashwin said.  When it did finally settle, he asked, “The Falls?”
Ashwin laughed lightly.  “Don’t tell me you’ve been here all this time and never visited them?”  In Korsten’s confused silence, the Mage-Adept started to walk away, guiding his underling with a gentle touch at the elbow.  “Come along, Korsten.”

~

The Falls referred to a moderate waterfall somehow channeled indoors from an unknown source.  Steaming water spewed out of the mouths of three lions and dropped several feet down into a long pool bordered with stone.  The rest of the room was, like many of the other large chambers within the Seminary, polished marble of a light brownish tone.  There was no furniture and currently the only light was provided by the narrow windows high overhead, lining the walls that flanked the enormous fountain.  There was a large brazier overhead, though Korsten had no reasonable clue as to how anyone was to set a fire quite so high up as it happened to be.  Perhaps the flame burning in it now was everlasting.
“This place continuously eludes my grasp on reality,” Korsten murmured.
Ashwin caught the words and chuckled quietly, evidently amused once again by his student’s sense of awe.  “This is an excellent way, not only to bathe oneself, but to relax as well.”
“Who would build something so extravagant?” Korsten wondered helplessly, marveling at the fantastic architecture before him.
“Come,” Ashwin said, walking away from him, toward the pool.  “I’ll tell you the story, if you like.”
He’s using your curiosity against you, Korsten warned himself, but to no avail as he remained curious and made no attempt to part ways with the glorious elder.  Once Ashwin arrived at the pool, he began to undress and Korsten saw a drastic test of his endurance forthcoming.  He waited until his mentor was in the water, then slowly joined him.  The elder swam a bit, then showered in the falls before coming back to where his student sat up to his chest in wondrously hot water, his back to the smooth stone bordering the pool.  There were actually stone benches built along the interior walls.  It was indeed relaxing.
“Vassenleigh sits upon semi-mountainous land,” the Mage-Superior finally got around to explaining.  “The Seminary is built up against a rock face that curls around it and the city, forming a bowl of sorts.”
“I’ve noticed that,” Korsten replied.  “The structure of the outer walls, I mean, in accordance to the town.  I assumed that was for defensive purposes.”
“Yes,” Ashwin continued.  “That was the intention, in recent centuries.  However, long ago the Seminary was not the institution you see now, but rather more a secret, a much smaller order of mages committed exclusively to the study of magic.  They convened in the caves that now exist behind the Seminary, vast networks that were made livable and that often led to underground springs.  As the order expanded, so too did the living and working space.  The Seminary was built from the rock as much as beside it.  At the same time a settlement was cropping up under its nose, I might add.”
“I wondered about that,” Korsten said, noticing just how striking the elder was with his very blond hair wet and slicked back, making the surreal beauty of his face that much more apparent.
Smiling just above the water he’d been treading in, Ashwin continued.  “Yes, well, getting back to the Falls; the water from the springs was channeled here using magecraft and carefully devised engineering schemes.  You see...” He swam toward the bench Korsten occupied, waded into the shallower water, and stood before him.  His leanly muscular frame was exposed now from the waist up, the ends of his long hair floating behind him, like strands of golden silk.  “We mages have always been sensualists.”
Korsten shrugged, keeping his gaze locked on the other man’s green eyes, determined not to let his sight or his thoughts stray.  “Well, I’ve always found that I can get more done in comfortable surroundings.  There’s no reason why someone who works with the raw elements of the earth should have to live in earthen hovels, is there?”
“No, there isn’t,” Ashwin agreed pleasantly.  After observing his student for a moment, he sighed.  “And now I think I’ll leave you here, as it’s plain to see that you’re not going to be pried away from that bench until I’ve gone.”
Korsten felt his face take on a shade of embarrassed and lowered his gaze to the water in front of him.  “Ashwin, I’m...”
“Don’t apologize,” the other man said, leaning over his student.  His slim hands settled on Korsten’s bare shoulders as he once again touched their foreheads together.  “I’m flattered that you don’t trust yourself.  Perhaps one day you’ll trust me.”
“I do trust you,” Korsten argued.
Ashwin drew back a little.  Then, as if to test Korsten’s claim, he kissed him on the lips, slowly.  Korsten’s heart began to thrum rebelliously and while his mentor’s affection beckoned him so very sweetly, he wouldn’t give in beyond simply allowing the kiss.
Eventually, Ashwin drew back, and smiled in a useless attempt to mask the unhappiness he’d drawn from Korsten with physical contact.  “Not yet,” he said quietly.  
And then he left Korsten alone with his misery.  Not alone.  Analee remained, just as she always did, even when Korsten neglected to pay her any attention at all.

~

It was night and somehow it had come to be winter—it had probably been winter for some time and he’d failed to notice—when Korsten was dragged out of bed by a summons from Sharlotte.  She was technically one of his instructors and he was used to being called to a lesson by her at particularly dreadful hours, but this was by far the worst example of her tyranny.  He’d only just laid his head down upon his pillow and she was calling for a rematch.  She was an excellent opponent, but Korsten didn’t much care for her tactics, goading him into carelessness with provoking comments.  He’d suffered many an embarrassing loss to the woman in the past, but at no time recently and it made him wonder why today’s match, of all of them, had to be rehashed just now.
When he arrived at the designated training room, he found Sharlotte as he always found her, primed for a fight, one that went beyond foils.  He sighed and accepted the weapon she hurled at him.  “Do we have to…”
Darkness cut his words short.  It seemed as if all the candles had suddenly gone out in the chandelier above and the torches in their sconces as well.  He hadn’t felt a draft strong enough to accomplish such a task, but the why of it didn’t matter when he felt the air separating in front of him.  He scarcely managed to lift his blade in time to deflect Sharlotte’s unexpected attack.  If lack of light wasn’t going to cancel the session, she could have at least waited for his eyes to adjust.
She didn’t though, and for some reason Korsten’s eyes failed to adjust.  Perhaps it had something to do with the blinding fervor of her advance.  Instinct and a keen sense of her presence was all that kept him from being battered lifeless by her avid blows.
The madwoman drew a brief pause, enabling Korsten to get his bearings straight, only to utterly lose them in the next instant and to find himself somehow falling.  He hit the floor heavily enough to inspire pain, though it was minor in comparison to what greeted him when he dared stand again.
Without warning or attention to etiquette, Sharlotte delivered him a nasty blow, whipping her foil across his face.  Pain stung over Korsten’s skin and quickly under it from his right cheekbone to his jawbone.  Stunned and confused, he fell again.  He still couldn’t see properly, but his hearing wasn’t hampered and he heard Sharlotte’s acid words clearly enough.
“You disgust me!” she hissed.
And in the next moment, an intangible force slammed into Korsten, forced the wind out of him, and knocked him head over heels into a sudden, freezing whiteness.  He wound up on his stomach in several feet of snow with no clear idea as to how or why.  Jealousy was one thing, but Sharlotte’s recent actions seemed more of malice and hatred.  He wondered if she’d been trying to kill him.  He wondered, as his chest began to ache and his entire head seemed to throb with agony if she had succeeded.  He didn’t think he could move and he suddenly hurt too much to breathe.  However he’d come to be outside, he wouldn’t be carrying himself back indoors.  And that was his last thought before consciousness left him.



CHAPTER TWELVE

The smallest measure of awareness came to Korsten as he was transferred from one tangle of arms to another.  The first had been dragging as much as supporting.  A metallic, oily aroma clouded over Korsten’s returning senses, almost smothering him.  The next group of arms was quickly brought down to just two and there was suddenly no weight on Korsten’s legs as the individual lifted him bodily from whatever surface he’d been attempting to stand upon.  Numbness from the cold had been to blame for his awkwardness at first, but it was quickly becoming pain as warmth and feeling returned to his extremities.
“How bad is it?” someone asked, sounding more angry than concerned.  Korsten felt like he should apologize, but he couldn’t move his jaw to speak.  It hurt too badly.  He couldn’t even open his eyes, which felt swollen.  His whole body did and he could only lay limp in the arms that supported him.
“He’ll need immediate attention,” someone else said in a steady voice.
“See to it,” the first speaker concluded.
Korsten couldn’t really feel the arms that carried him, but he sensed the movement, and heard more voices rise in the background, growing more distant.
“Found him like that in the yard behind the metal shop, milord.”  
“Don’t know as how he got there.”
“He’ll be fine here.  Thank you for bringing him.  We are indebted to both of you, good sirs.”
If there was more to the conversation, Korsten didn’t hear it.  He didn’t hear or feel anything as he slipped again into unconsciousness.

~

Korsten awakened to a surprising amount of pain.  He lifted his hand instinctively to what he thought was the worst of it and touched bandaging.  Where was Lerissa?  Or another mage with Healing?  Had he been damaged beyond magic’s ability to heal?
His hand dropped away from his jaw…rather, it was moved by someone else…and he opened his eyes to a sight that for some reason made him almost begin to cry.  It might have been the pain causing his tears.  In the moment, Korsten scarcely cared.  “Merran...where have you been?”
The blue-eyed mage frowned at him strangely just then, like he’d asked him something utterly absurd.  And then he said, “I told you; in Surelese.  Now, please stop moving.”
“You’ve been gone for months,” Korsten complained, inspiring greater upset, most of it physical, as speaking only caused greater pain to his face.
“Not all matters unfold to some form of conclusion as rapidly as they did in Haddowyn.  Try not to speak.”
“Why haven’t you healed me yet?” Korsten wanted to know and Merran’s ensuing expression let him know how childish and demanding he’d sounded just then.
“Your body temperature is abnormally low at the moment,” Merran explained and Korsten finally noticed that he’d been brought to his bed.  “You were freezing to death.  I have to warm you up before I can tend to your other injuries.”
“What?”  A sudden, fierce jolt of pain traveled from low along his jaw directly up to his brain.  He determined not to speak anymore.
“The right side of your face has suffered a severe laceration and you have three broken ribs,” Merran explained.  “Do you know who did this to you?”
Korsten didn’t give an answer.  Yes, he damned well knew who had done this to him.  She tried to kill me...but maybe it was within her rights.  Gods, I know how she must feel.  There were times when I would have throttled Calla, if given the opportunity.  I’m certain of it.
“Korsten,” Merran pressed, continuing with his efforts to thaw his patient’s frozen limbs.  “If the intent was murder...”
“Did…you give me any kind of pain suppressant?” Korsten asked suddenly, and Merran nodded.  “Well, I think it’s wearing off.  Can’t you hurry?”
Merran sighed quietly and began to prod Korsten’s arm.  “Can you feel this?”  When Korsten issued an affirmative answer, he gathered up his patient’s hand and squeezed.  “This?”
“Yes,” Korsten replied.  “It hurts.”
“Your lips look less blue.”  Merran lowered the hand he’d been holding, then slid the bedding that had been covering Korsten’s unclothed body down to his waist.  He let his healing hand hover above Korsten’s chest.
“What about my face?”
“There’s the vain creature I remember,” the Mage-Adept commented wryly.  “Wouldn’t you rather be able to breathe again without lancing pain?”
Korsten was unable to frown quite as much as he would have liked to through the horrific pain.  Emergence had been painful, but he would never have recalled just how painful if this experience hadn’t reminded him of it.
“Relax,” Merran instructed, and Korsten obeyed.  The other man’s healing hand glided over his chest without touching.  The glow of magic warmed and penetrated the skin and the flesh, mending the broken bone beneath and gently working away the pain.  Gradually, Korsten did find it easier to breathe.
“I hate it here,” he decided suddenly.
“Well, that’s nothing new,” Merran replied without being distracted from his efforts.  “You hated Haddowyn.”
“It was easy to forget how I felt about that town,” Korsten told him, forcing some control.  “I don’t think I have to explain why.”
“No, you don’t,” Merran said, neither sympathizing nor condemning.  “As well, you don’t have to say who attacked you, but Ashwin knows.  The Council knows and punishment will be mete out.”
“Is that necessary?” Korsten asked, feeling solely responsible for the night’s events.  “I’m not dead and I’m not so sure that killing me was the intent.”
Merran listened to him, then said, “We cannot afford such discord here at the Seminary.  Malcontent to this degree must be resolved before it escalates.  What if she had killed you, Korsten?  What if her next target became Mage-Superior Ashwin?  Sharlotte came here a very angry young woman and in spite of his efforts, she has not changed much.”
“Does he love her?”
Merran nodded.  “That’s why he is with her now, seeking answers himself, rather than instantly condemning her.  She should see how wrong she is by now, while he is there and not here.”
“When did you get here?” Korsten had to ask, sure that he didn’t want to think about Sharlotte or even Ashwin anymore for the rest of the night.
“I’ve been here with you since you were brought to us by two gentlemen from the village,” Merran answered.  In a moment, he added, “When did I return to the Seminary?  Past midnight.  I might have gone directly to bed, but that Eolyn and I got the idea that we would be needed in the main hall.  I wasn’t expecting a metal smith and his son to drag you in, iced over and bleeding, though.”
“How did I get outside?”
“A Reach spell, I suspect.  A gate that transfers a body over varying distances in a matter of moments instead of hours, days, or even weeks.”
“Yes, I should have thought of that.  I can perform that spell now.”
“Can you?”
Bastard, that was somehow condescending.  “I’ve just never had or imagined having it cast against me.”  
“That was a relatively short Reach, fortunate for you.”
“At least Analee was with me,” Korsten said as he thought of it, spying the butterfly on his bed curtains once again.
“A few more hours and she might have come back here alone,” Merran reminded.  “You’re very lucky.”
“I don’t think so,” Korsten said sullenly, casting his darker gaze back at the Mage-Adept.
Merran watched him for a moment, then proceeded with his task, pulling the bandaging away from Korsten’s currently ruined face.  “It’s a good thing the Barriers are up.  You’d attract every demon in Edrinor otherwise with your negative mindset.”
“I can’t help how I feel,” Korsten told him, welcoming the healing warmth that moved over his bruised and broken skin.
“No,” Merran admitted.  He added softly, “And neither can I.”
“I don’t expect anyone to help the way I feel,” Korsten said, and brought the man’s hand inexplicably to his cheek, just as it was fully healed.  “But I appreciate the attempt.  Merran, thank you...for all that you’ve done for me.”
He felt better for having said that, for having meant it.  Some of the pain, that which existed inside of him, felt less.  Not healed, but lighter somehow.
Merran just stared at him, a look of genuine surprise on his typically stoic face.  Korsten wondered what he was thinking…what he thinks I’m thinking.  Gods, but he makes everything difficult.  He let his hand slide away from Merran’s.  No, my friend, I’m not propositioning you.  I’m not desperate for affection.  Anyway, I’ve had plenty of opportunities to acquire it from Ashwin, if I wanted it.
The Mage-Adept reclaimed his hand and looked at his palm for a moment before he was back to staring at Korsten, who felt a weight settling down on him.  Like the pain that had left him a moment ago, returning, seeping back under his skin.
“Did you feel that?” Merran asked him.  He didn’t wait for Korsten to answer, touching his fingers to the Korsten’s cheek again, experimentally.  “Do you feel anything?”
Korsten closed his eyes and absorbed the contact.  The dire ache that had filled him for as long as he could remember subsided just a little; more when Merran’s other hand landed lightly upon his chest.  He opened his eyes, gazing unsurely up at the man hovering over him, a foreign look of longing in his very blue eyes.  
You’re so alone, Korsten somehow knew.  Lerissa isn’t your lover.  You don’t have anyone.  You’ve been harboring your own pain...and now you can feel mine as well.  But how?
“Merran...”
The Mage-Adept bent closer, as if beckoned by the sound of his own name.  A flicker of uncertainty lit in his eyes.  And then they fell closed and he touched his lips to Korsten’s.  More of the pain lifted away.  Not nearly enough.  
In the next moment, Merran lifted himself away, off the bed entirely.  “You’re healed,” he said, just short of angrily.  “Rest.  I’ll be in to check on you later.”
“I felt it,” Korsten said, before the man could storm away.  Why am I stopping him?  I don’t want him to stay.
“Felt what?” Merran replied, as if he didn’t know.  
And that made Korsten angry.  He sat up.  “Whatever you were asking me if I felt, you bastard!  And I’m fairly certain I felt you kissing me as well.  Why?”
“I’m sorry,” Merran said briskly, trying to leave again.
“I don’t want an apology,” Korsten shouted after him.  “I want to know why.”  He lowered his voice when Merran drew to a halt.  “Why did the pain leave me when you touched me?”
“I worked a Healing spell,” Merran answered.  Clearly, he was desperate to leave this situation.  Desperate enough to lie by suddenly pretending nothing had happened.
Korsten wouldn’t let him.  Though he didn’t know why, he vaulted out of his bed and went to the Mage-Adept.  “Not the physical pain.  The emotional pain.  It...”  Merran was just staring at him, like he’d gone mad.  Korsten quickly snatched up the other man’s hand.  “It left when you touched me.”
“It isn’t now,” Merran somehow knew.
Korsten felt genuine grief as he realized that himself.  “You’re…it’s because you’re not invoking the magic.  Cast the spell again.”
Merran took his hand back.  “Korsten...”  He shed his long coat and wrapped it around Korsten’s shoulders.  “Haven’t you been exposed enough for one night?  You’re going to chill yourself again.”
With unplanned desperation, Korsten grabbed Merran’s hand once more and this time held with determination.  “Cast the spell again,” he insisted.  And then, pleadingly, “Cast it.”
He learned in the next moment that Merran’s healing spell required no discernible hand gestures.  It seemed to take only a mild level of concentration and was already beginning to take effect again when the Mage-Adept came closer...and lifted his free hand to Korsten’s face.
Korsten looked at him, up at him as he stood a hair taller—close enough now for his height to be noticed.  What am I doing?  Gods, what am I...
Merran kissed him again.  Korsten let him.  He closed his eyes and slipped his tongue out for a taste of the warmth his friend was offering.  That warmth enfolded his tongue and held briefly.  Merran drew back, staring silently, letting his hand slip from Korsten’s face.  Korsten gripped the hand he was holding, disinclined to let him leave, fearing that the pain would return.  He was so tired of hurting.  
Merran lifted his free hand again, like a bemused child, fascinated with the discovery of something utterly new, intriguing and perhaps terrifying as well.  His fingertips glided lightly along Korsten’s jaw, his thumb drifting over Korsten’s lower lip, pressing a little.  Korsten let his mouth fall open.  He caught Merran’s hand before it could slip away again and kissed the other man’s palm.  Merran began to tremble just a bit.  Korsten knew why if Merran didn’t and somehow he couldn’t feel guilty, even as he led Merran back to the bed and shrugged the coat the man had hastily thrown around him onto the floor.  Merran didn’t try to escape, perhaps because Korsten kept their hands joined and their gazes locked, a spell in itself, one that bound Merran to him, at least for one night.  
The wrong of it didn’t occur to Korsten.  This isn’t betrayal, he told himself as he risked slipping his hands from Merran’s long enough to help the healer out of his tunic.  Afterward he kissed his friend once upon the chest, then the throat, and again on the mouth.  This is comfort.  Gods know we both need it.
Merran responded to Korsten’s efforts slowly, indecisively at first and then with caution, as if his fellow mage were made of glass.  He touched but didn’t hold, enabling Korsten to slip away from him and guide him down onto the bed.  He stole Merran’s boots from his feet then joined him upon the mattress, hovering over him, gazing deep into his very blue eyes while unlacing his breeches.  Eventually they came to be lying nude beside one another, hovering on the threshold of intimacy.  Korsten slid himself carefully into Merran’s arms.  They were strong arms, but their embrace one of unsureness.
Korsten quickly determined that this was a first for Merran.  Not a first lover, but his first time with another male.  Korsten set about instructing his partner.  And he took his time doing so.  They had all night and the new level of healing that came with Merran’s touch was nothing he wanted to end soon.
Again, Merran answered slowly to Korsten’s affection, in spite of the desire that soon became very physically apparent.  Korsten didn’t allow the other man a moment to become embarrassed.  He rolled onto his back and lured Merran on top of him, then turned his face away to make his newly discovered lover kiss him elsewhere besides on the mouth.  Merran did, and that felt glorious.  He was growing more confident with each caress and more eager.  Soon the eagerness threatened to overtake them both.  Korsten was beginning to feel as if he’d somehow redeemed himself and had all of his depression and loneliness cast off.  How it was happening didn’t matter.  He only wanted it to continue.  Gods, how he wanted it, knowing there was so much more to discover here.  They had barely begun.
Sighs of pleasure and relief escaped Korsten as Merran’s touch wandered and soothed.  He knew better than to think he could be healed, but even this brief time away from pain was more than he would ever have hoped for.
“I feel like I’m going mad,” Merran whispered, lifting himself up a little, pushing Korsten’s stubborn forelock away from his brow.  “I don’t understand myself.  I don’t understand wanting you like this.”
“I don’t understand it either,” Korsten whispered back, wondering if he was being just a little dishonest.  “Maybe there is no explanation.  Does it matter?”
Ever the pragmatist, Merran said, “I think it will...in the morning.”
Korsten felt himself actually smiling.  “Well, in the morning, you bastard, you can be sure that I’ll roll you out of my bed with firm instructions never to come so near me again.  But for now...” He rose to kiss Merran, then said softly, “I want you to make love to me and then to let me lie in your arms and to escape from the hurting just for one night.  We’ve come this far.  Stay with me, please.”
“I think perhaps we’ve come too far,” Merran told him.  “But I don’t feel as if I could turn back...even if I wanted to.”
Then stop debating it, Korsten wanted to say.  He was beginning to feel like he was going mad himself, knowing that he didn’t love Merran and wanting him all the same...wanting his touch, his power to steal away pain.  If there was any wrong to it, it didn’t cross his mind now.  I don’t want to cry tonight.  Not tonight, please.
As if in answer to his silent pleading, Merran lowered back down and kissed Korsten’s shoulder lightly.  “I don’t want to turn back,” Merran whispered.  And then he knew what to do.

~

Morning offered gray skies and new snow.  The stillness of the room that wasn’t his was great enough that Merran could hear the large, clumped flakes falling outside.  Far across the bedroom, remnants of last night’s fire smoldered in the large hearth.  In the bed, beside him…in his arms, Korsten lay quietly breathing.  Still asleep.  The other man had his back to him, his arms loosely hugging the pillow beneath his head with Merran’s arms around his middle.  The arm pinned beneath the slighter man had lost feeling, but Merran didn’t try to reclaim it.  He could suffer the discomfort to the arm since the rest of him was comfortable...satisfied and content, actually.  He wasn’t embarrassed, and he didn’t regret what he’d done.
It feels good to hold someone.  He buried his face into the white shoulder in front of him.  Don’t lie to yourself.  It feels good to hold him.

~

There was something strange, unfamiliar, about waking up with someone beside him.  Korsten had always greeted the late dawn alone.  Not this time.  There were arms around him and someone breathing softly into his shoulder.  And so long as Merran was touching him, there was no guilt.  But how can that be?  He’s asleep.  Whatever spell he was invoking should be asleep with him.  Unless he’s doing it subconsciously.  Can that be done?
Gods, I’m not going to complain.  I slept soundly, free of nightmares, for the first time since...I can’t even remember when.  Still, I have to wonder...what’s going to happen now?  I love Renmyr.  I can’t keep Merran.  And I’m not so sure the man wants to keep me anyway.  I seduced him.  There’s been a change in me.  I can feel it.  Allurance must have finally Resonated and..to Hell with me, I used it against a friend.
The body behind him stirred.  Korsten didn’t move, though he felt points of contact shift just a little.  The salve of that contact remained active.  It was better than being drunk, though perhaps more dangerous in consideration to repercussions following too much indulgence in this instance.  Korsten’s nerves weren’t deadened and his mind wasn’t clouded.  He was simply saturated with a pleasant warmth and wondrously free of pain.  He had a feeling it would all come back at him twice as hard when Merran finally left him.  
Several moments of lazy silence passed.  Korsten watched the snowfall through the frosted glass that lined his balcony and waited.  For what, he wasn’t sure.  For realization to suddenly strike Merran, perhaps.  Will he attempt to sneak away or just flee in terror?  Ashwin’s open about what he wants.  I would be the one upset if I’d awakened with him beside me, knowing fully that I had betrayed Renmyr.  But this is Merran, the strange and quiet fellow with haunting eyes, who’s done nothing but get under my skin from the moment we first met.  This is the very last place I would have expected either of us to end up.
Finally, Korsten could take the silence no longer.  He’d given the man plenty of opportunity to get away.  “Are you asleep?”
“No,” Merran answered quietly.
And what does that mean?  Are you too embarrassed to move?  No, you’re thinking, aren’t you?  I can feel the thoughts forming.
He was sure that the man generated some manner of unseen energy when he set his mind to work.  And after last night, if he wasn’t stunned beyond the capacity for coherent thought, then his brain must have been generating with the force of a dozen mills.  Korsten knew he hadn’t read him wrong.  Merran didn’t happen to prefer his own sex and he had every right to be upset, just as soon as he was through being embarrassed.  Strangely, however, he appeared to be neither, not in the least scandalized.  He was just quiet, contemplative.  Renmyr and Firard had never acted this way.  After a night of lovemaking they had both behaved rather like contended predators, satisfied after having stolen a sheep from the pasture.  It never really bothered Korsten.  Listening to gossip among the ladies at Cenily he was given the impression that most men behaved in such a manner immediately after sex.  Korsten didn’t, but then he was not like most men.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve been with anyone,” Merran finally confessed, his voice little more than a breath against Korsten’s hair.  He added needlessly, “I’ve never been with another man.”
“And I’ve never been with a friend,” Korsten replied.  “Not someone who was my friend first, at any rate.”
“Are we friends?” Merran wondered aloud, emanating more of his loneliness, even as he took Korsten’s away.  
“We are, Merran.  I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel otherwise.”
“You have difficulty trusting others,” Merran said.  Then he added, “So do I.”
“And you let me hurt you.”  Korsten finally shifted so that he could look at the other man.  “You know...”
“I know who keeps your heart,” Merran finished for him.  “And I knew what I was doing last night.  You were in pain.  I found myself suddenly with the means to soothe more than the surface aches...and so I did.”
“How?” Korsten asked.
Merran lifted his hand to his patient-become-partner’s face.  “When you touched me last night, my talent for Empathy Emerged, linked with white on the Spectrum.  And now, beyond your physical or emotional state, I can feel what torments your spirit.  Our actions brought the gift to Resonance and opened up a new aspect to my Healing talent, one beyond physical.”
So it was only comfort, Korsten reasoned to himself, relieved.  Nothing to be concerned with.  I still love only Renmyr and I don’t have someone else’s adoration on my conscience.  It was a particularly stimulating healing ritual...nothing more.  Trust Merran to boil something down in his mind to its barest and most harmless truth.  Trust me to still have more questions.
“If your gift Emerged, then why aren’t there any marks upon you?”
Merran almost smiled.  “No one suffers full Emergence twice.  Even talents that remain dormant afterward are displayed in some way that can be deciphered the first time.  They are simply impotent, needing further stimulation to become fully functional.”
Korsten stared at him, mouth gaping just a bit.  And then he said, “Good gods, if I’d have used such terms to explain anything to one of my female students at Haddowyn, I’d have been either soundly slapped or chased around the library for hours.  Has anyone ever mentioned that you have a way with words?”
Merran’s skin reddened.  He decided in the next moment to sit up, and that was when, in the act of helplessly staring at the other man’s modestly muscular frame, Korsten noticed a wound of some kind on his shoulder.
Korsten sat up to examine it closer.  “Perhaps you ought to take back that vivid explanation.  There is a mark upon you.”
“Don’t touch it, please,” Merran said.  He added unhappily, “It has nothing to do with Emerging gifts.”
Korsten had been considering touching the mark and decided to let his fingers fall upon a random space of the Mage-Adept’s otherwise undamaged back.  The irritation on his shoulder did indeed appear to be a wound, one made perhaps by a demon with terrible penmanship or a demonic child just learning to form letters by carving them into the flesh of others.  That ridiculous thought formed continuing images that Korsten decided it was better not to dwell on.  “Did you acquire this in Sulerese?” he asked.
“No,” Merran answered and seemed determined to leave the discussion at that.
Korsten respected his wishes.  He withdrew his hand, lay himself back down, and let Merran leave.

~

By midafternoon there was no telling that anything abnormal had gone on in the night between Korsten and his appointed physician.  The matter was effortlessly put aside, each of them seeing to their own affairs and reacting to each other’s presence as unenthusiastically as they ever had in the past when they met again in the library.
Korsten walked the second level balcony slowly with a book cradled in his arms.  Merran found a staircase to sit on and fell into typically silent and mysterious rumination.  Eolyn currently occupied a space of his sleeve and Analee fluttered along in Korsten’s wake.  Korsten wondered helplessly what the two creatures thought of their bond mates becoming bedmates, but didn’t dwell on it, concluding that, since Analee kept his soul, she must have felt incredibly good for a span.  And then it was on to other matters.
“I haven’t heard from Ashwin at all today,” Korsten said to the Mage-Adept perched below.  “What do you suppose has happened with Sharlotte?  Why isn’t anyone saying anything?”
Merran waited for Korsten to finish before giving his answer.  “The Council doesn’t make examples.  The matter will be resolved discreetly and no one who wasn’t a witness to what happened to you will be made aware of it.  Imagine the discord, possibly dissolution, if it were to be publicized throughout the Seminary.  Friends and allies of Sharlotte taking her side, along with others.  People who may be convinced not to trust you simply because you haven’t been here long enough for them to know you.  Ashwin gaining enemies, trying to insinuate himself between his spouse and his obligation as Mage-Superior, which is to ensure the safety of his students as well as to educate them.”
Something occurred to Korsten just then.  “Lerissa doesn’t know, does she?”
Merran shook his head.  “There was no need to wake her, since I had returned and was able to resume my post as physician.”
I wonder if she’ll tell Lerissa.  I wonder what Lerissa will think.  She’s liable to be upset with me.  Korsten walked to the railing and braced his book upon it.  “You know, I don’t blame Sharlotte for what she did to me.”
“It cannot be condoned,” Merran answered.  “And had no one been around to mend your ribs and put your face back to its flawless state, you might not find yourself so forgiving.”
Korsten’s eyes narrowed, but he decided not to admonish the man as the library doors swung open, admitting the very person Korsten wanted to see.  He closed his book and headed for the nearest spiral staircase, which happened to be across the room from the one where Merran sat.  “Ashwin, what’s happened?  Is Sharlotte all right?”
The blond man stopped just inside the library.  After a period of simply staring at his student, his expression for once unreadable, he tucked his hands into the overlong sleeves of his robes, then made his announcement.  “Sharlotte has chosen to leave the Seminary.”
Korsten dropped the book in his hand and froze at the top of the stairs.  
“That seems drastic,” Merran commented, seeming a little surprised himself.
“No more so than her previous actions,” Ashwin said quietly, to Merran.  
“She’s unwilling to atone?” the lower-ranking mage asked next.
“She is unwilling,” Ashwin answered.  “As she always has been.”
“She’s seriously going to leave?” Korsten said, when it appeared that the other two had forgotten him.  “Because...of me?  She can’t.  That’s-”
“Not only because of you,” Ashwin said.  As his green eyes lifted to meet Korsten’s darker gaze, the pain in them was evident.  He did love Sharlotte...and she was leaving him.
“She may choose to become an enemy,” Merran suggested reasonably.
“She has already chosen to be an enemy, by attacking one of our own,” Ashwin answered.
Korsten started down the stairs, able to move again as the initial shock subsided.  “That wasn’t intentional,” he said as he descended.  “She acted out of anger, out of an unplanned…”
“Unplanned?” Ashwin interrupted, looking at Korsten with his patience noticeably slipping.  “She summoned you out of your bed in the middle of the night and ambushed you with a spell of Shadow.  You were unprepared for her attack, but you might have been able to fend her off anyway, if she hadn’t followed through with a Megrim spell.  You were confused and helpless when she struck you-”
“It could have been an accident that the blade hit my face,” Korsten suggested.
Ashwin spoke over him.  “…deliberately at what is considered an improper target during any weapons training.  She could have stopped there, but she elected instead to invoke a Reach and then to cast Wind strong enough to not only hurtle you through the portal into a random district of the town below, but to damage your ribcage as well.  She made no attempt to correct the situation and made no announcement as to what had happened, not even in an attempt to make it appear an accident.  In your condition, lying exposed in the snow and cold night air, you’d have died if no one discovered you.  She knew that and during her hearing before the Council, she showed no measure of remorse for the deed.  None whatsoever.”  The Mage-Superior drew in a breath and let it out slowly, concluding, “It is for the best if she goes.”
Korsten arrived at the main floor.  He watched Ashwin for several moments, waiting for the words he had given to change somehow or to be taken back.  They didn’t and they weren’t.  
“Excuse me, please,” Korsten said suddenly, and he left the library.  He wasn’t sure which direction to go once in the hall.  He wasn’t sure where Sharlotte would be, but he knew where she would likely end up.  By casting a Reach, Korsten went there.  It was quicker than running through the passages of the Seminary.
The Mage-Adept with green eyes that betrayed her sadness was already at the stables, leading a brown mare out.  She took one look at the redhead coming toward her and produced a look of murder so intense as to momentarily halt Korsten in his tracks.  This was strange to Korsten.  He’d never actually had a female enemy.  But then, no female had ever been convinced that he was determined to steal her love away from her.  Wrongly convinced.
Korsten resumed his path toward the woman.  “Sharlotte, you can’t do this.  Please, reconsider.”
“Get away from me,” she growled.  “If you really wanted to impress someone, you’d succeed in your next attempt at suicide.”
“Is that what you think I’ve been doing?  Pleading for attention?”  
Sharlotte glared at him.  She made a point of doing nothing else for several moments.  After thoroughly stifling Korsten’s momentum with her intense hatred, she returned her attention to the mare she was set on mounting and riding away from the Seminary.
Korsten didn’t know what to do or say.  He didn’t even know why this mattered so much to him.  When he’d recovered from her emotional assault, he tried reasoning with her again.  The words simply spilled out of him.  “Sharlotte, please listen to me.  I know you’re intent wasn’t to murder, only to protect your love.  You had every right.  I hold nothing against you.  I understand your feelings.  And you must understand that there is nothing between-”
“Shut up!  I won’t hear your lies!”  There were sudden tears in the woman’s eyes when she glared back at him again.  “Ashwin is one of the wisest men in Edrinor…in the world!  He’s not a confused, impassioned adolescent, pining after hopeless romances.  Love is a science to him, a careful administration of emotional and physical comfort.  I know by now that he gives love to whoever he thinks requires it most.  It’s pity that he gives.  It’s pity that he offers you, so don’t flatter yourself!”
“Sharlotte...”
“I know it was the same for me.  I could accept it because he delivered it so tenderly and put me above the others.  It didn’t have to be love, so long as I came first, but that’s changed since you’ve come.  Damn Merran for bringing you here!”
Korsten was surprised with how quickly he frowned at her in disapproval.  “This has nothing to do with Merran.  And you’re wrong about Ashwin.  Can’t you see how it’s hurting him, what you’re doing?  Sharlotte, he loves you.”
“All he ever does is think about you,” Sharlotte said before Korsten had finished speaking.  “When he isn’t shamelessly chasing after you!  Am I supposed to believe he does so with absolutely no encouragement from a depraved child-lover like you?”
That was entirely too far from the truth to cause any injury, but her tone stung well enough all the same.  “I have never attempted to seduce your lover,” Korsten said, his tone pleading for her to listen.  “Nor has Ashwin attempted to seduce me.”
“You’re a liar,” Sharlotte accused.  She turned to mount the awaiting mare.
Korsten went to her, grabbing hold of her arm without intending to.  “He’s never done anything more than invite, and only out of pity, as you said.  And yes, that may be my blame, Sharlotte.  I’m not strong or brave when it comes to facing my troubles.  He might not have spell-touched me, had I not been so weak and selfish, but I never meant any malice.  I never meant this.”
The woman glared at the saddle in front of her.  “Take your filthy, demon-loving hand off me.”
Korsten’s grip firmed.  “I know he loves you, as he loves no one else.  Don’t-”
Sharlotte tore free of his grasp, then slammed both hands flat against his chest and shoved him back.  “Don’t you ever touch me again!” she snarled, tears streaming down her face.  “You don’t know anything!  If I ever see you again outside of these walls—and I pray the gods grant me at least that much sympathy—I will kill you, Korsten.  Do you understand that?  I’ll not leave it to chance again.”
Blinking back tears, Korsten dared to continue arguing with her.  “Sharlotte, why?  Why do you insist so specifically that I be the target of your anger when I am not even one of the other lovers your spouse claims to have taken?”
“He is no longer my spouse,” Sharlotte said, lifting herself up into the mare’s saddle.  “And while he may be able to forgive one who whores with the Vadryn, I cannot.”
“But...”
Someone else emerged from the stables just then, someone who commanded the tears Korsten had been holding back to fall now.  He couldn’t even speak, seeing Lerissa, knowing her intentions.  The girl offered a smile that only made him hurt worse.  
Sharlotte guided her mount away, as if unconcerned with the gesture in friendship and in love that Lerissa was making.  She was leaving the Seminary.  Two mages…two Mage-Adepts were leaving, because of him.  
I didn’t ask for Ashwin’s attention.  I didn’t ask to be brought here.
Lerissa came toward him.  “It’s okay, Korsten.  I’ll look after her.”
Korsten closed the gap between them and put his arms around the girl.  He kissed her hair and then just held her tight for several moments.  “Who’s going to take care of you?” he whispered tremulously.
“I’ll be all right,” Lerissa told him while she hugged him back.  “You know I have to go with her.”
“I know you love her.”
“I love you, too,” Lerissa answered, then pulled back.  She brushed tears from Korsten’s cheek, kissed him in the same place, then stepped slowly away.  “Be good, now,” she said when she was up on her mount.  “Don’t give Merran any more trouble than he’s earned.”
Korsten nodded absently, too depressed to even hear what she was saying, only that she was speaking.  He watched her ride across the Seminary’s outer yard, kicking up snow in her wake.  Several minutes had gone by and Lerissa was long away before Korsten wiped at his face with one hand, pushed that same hand through his hair, and eventually turned back toward the Seminary.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Korsten wandered the Seminary for weeks, speaking to no one, avoiding everyone he could.  He stayed away from the library and kept his door locked when he was in his room.  The incident of Sharlotte’s leaving and Lerissa’s following her was not talked about in the passages, so far as he could tell.  Nor was the matter of Ashwin’s feelings for either his former spouse or his newest student, both of whom had placed themselves beyond his reach.  Thinking about what had happened…how it was his fault…Korsten temporarily forgot why it was he lingered among the mages.  He fell into a deep depression that only Analee could understand.  And for the first time knowing that she understood provided no comfort to her bond mate.  
I’m beginning to think I’m a plague upon this world.  I ruin everything.  I destroy the lives of everyone I come into contact with.  Ren, was it my fault, what you did?  Was it because I was so weak that you felt you had to be even stronger?  You were strong enough.  I should have let you know that, instead of constantly weeping and moaning at you, like a helpless girl.  Actually, I don’t think I’ve ever met a helpless girl.  Gods, I’m disgusting.  
Korsten came to a window during his aimless wandering.  A wide, lonely archway along a stairwell.  He sat himself in the large sill, putting his back to a wall of stone traced with a spidery tangle of vines just coming back to life as spring returned.  Fresh offshoots spiraled out of it every which way, seeking new purchase.  Analee found one of these offshoots to light upon while Korsten stared miserably out at Vassenleigh spread beneath him.  The peaked rooftops and pale stone appeared especially bright caught between a distant wall of storm clouds and the bright sunlight it had yet to overtake.  The view was not a bad one, but direly unappreciated in Korsten’s current state.
He was dressed in the cassock and close-fitting breeches, his other favorite articles to wear besides the high-collared jerkin, with the soft white sash tied around his middle, knotted at his side, and his grown to shoulder-length-hair loosely put up.  Tendrils of unsightly red spiraled down at random and the stubborn forelock remained as stubborn as ever.  He liked the feeling of the sun-warmed floors in the passages with an abundance of windows and so his feet were currently bare.  If anyone cared, they weren’t of a mind to confront the dismal specter that Korsten had lately become.  He often failed to respond directly to anyone, and usually only sighed if he broke his silence at all.  He’d done it enough times to Merran that the Mage-Adept…his friend, he might have done well to recall…finally gave up trying to reach him.  Not even Ashwin bothered approaching him, but then his mentor had problems of his own to be dealt with.  
“Fortunate for you, perhaps for all of us, that time is on a mage’s side.  Even if he doesn’t realize it.”
Korsten managed to glance at the speaker, because it was no one he would have expected.  Seeing Mage-Superior Eisleth made him curious, but not enough to do anything more than let his gaze linger before giving it back to the town far below.
“I recognize emotional suffering,” the mysterious elder continued.  He still looked much like Ashwin, Korsten thought, but with black hair and robes.  “However, I am not as inclined to understand it, since all of my gifts concentrate on the physical being.  You needn’t worry that I’ll try to console you with sympathetic explanations you are currently not in the mood to hear.”
That actually wasn’t why Korsten had been avoiding Merran.  Truthfully, he was avoiding the man’s touch.  He deserved this pain and he didn’t want Merran accidentally or intentionally taking it away.  Still, he wasn’t in the mood for explaining that to Eisleth.
“I do have a message for you,” the other man said, his voice very smooth, every bit as soft as Ashwin’s.  “Information, actually, though I think you would have been informed in person, had Mage-Adept Merran taken the time to search for you.”
Korsten glanced in Eisleth’s direction again, saying nothing.
“He’s gone hunting,” the elder said.  “There have been unusual disappearances in a farming community east of here.”
Korsten let the man think that he didn’t want to curl himself up and cry himself to death.  What if he hunts his way into another situation like he did in Haddowyn?  What if Eolyn comes back without him?  I’ll have only the memory of how cruel I’ve been to him these past weeks.  And he’s been my only ally from the start.  Sharlotte’s always hated me.  She and Lerissa are gone anyway.  And Ashwin’s interests...are Ashwin’s interests, alone.  I should never have cried on his shoulder...or anyone else’s for that matter.  At least I never wept on Merran.  He would never tolerate it, the bastard, and now he’s gone again.
Analee...I’ve forgotten you again.  I didn’t mean to.  I know you’ve always been with me.
“Whatever you seek here,” Eisleth finally said.  “You’ll never find it by gazing out of windows and neglecting your studies.”
Korsten frowned now, and looked once more at the man speaking to him.  He’d just been scolded.  And somehow that was exactly what he needed.
Eisleth walked quietly away and, after watching him depart, Korsten abandoned his perch, headed directly for the library.

~

“Will you open this book for me?” Korsten asked as Ashwin entered the library, hours after his student had settled into a stack of the more ancient texts.  The book was open physically, but the characters were completely non-decipherable, not as a language yet to be learned, but utterly nonsensical, as if to deliberately confound the reader who wasn’t supposed to be reading it.
“You are the most extreme individual I have ever known,” Ashwin commented as he approached Korsten.  “And I have known a great many individuals, as I’m sure you can guess.  Never any who have been starving themselves of all life one moment, be it food, sleep, interpersonal contact, written words, or spoken words…and then trying to ingest large amounts of it all at once.”
“You’re right,” Korsten agreed immediately and with little patience.  “I have no sound grasp of living.  The book?” he prompted, holding the item out.  “Could you, please?”
Ashwin stopped in front of Korsten’s cluttered space of floor, and took the book from him.  He walked away with it, and Korsten dropped his hands into his lap helplessly.
“The answers you require at the moment are not in this book,” his mentor told him.
Korsten frowned somewhat peevishly.  “I don’t require any answers.  I simply want them.”
Ashwin looked back at him.  “Answers to what, Korsten?  You’re anger?  You hold those.”
“Oh, then perhaps you can explain them to me.  They don’t seem to make much sense currently.”
The exceptionally blond man turned to face his student, clutching the ancient manuscript to his chest.  “You know that I loved her.”
“Yes,” Korsten blurted, his eyes suddenly wet.  “So, why am I mad at you because she denied that love and left it?  Why am I mad at myself for something I could not possibly have altered?  Nothing I could have said or done would have made Sharlotte stay!”
Ashwin shook his head gently.  “No, it wouldn’t have.  And Lerissa has always done exactly what she sets herself on doing.  Time can thin blood, but it does not alter it all that greatly.”
Korsten blinked, frowning confusedly.  He wiped at his eyes with the back of one hand.  “What?  You mean she’s…I always thought the resemblance was evident, but you said...”
“And I spoke truthfully,” Ashwin replied.  “We cannot bring about offspring upon becoming a mage, but all of us had lives before magehood.  I came to this life at the age of thirty-two, having been a husband and father in the life I would leave behind me.  Lerissa is descended of my blood.”
Korsten had nothing to say.  He was mystified by this.  That someone’s descendant, of several generations, could one day meet their ancestor, looking just as he did all those centuries ago when his actions continued the flow of their bloodline.  Uncontrollably, Korsten wondered if any of his own ancestors had been mages, if they were living here now and he simply hadn’t met them yet.  He hadn’t really met very many of his fellow mages at all.  There were only about three hundred living at the Seminary, but studies and training, and brooding, kept Korsten occupied enough not to be properly introduced to anyone outside of the small circle of acquaintances he’d formed thus far.  In spite of Ashwin’s speech about mages having only each other, there really was no sense of family or community here.  It was a strange place, to say the very least.  And it wasn’t home...not by any means.
“What about Haddowyn?” Korsten asked quietly, changing the topic of conversation as thoughts of home returned.  His gaze transferred to a northwest facing window while he spoke.  Home lay in that direction.  Ren...
Ashwin held silent for a long moment.  Eventually, he said, “While vengeance is nothing we wish to cultivate at the Seminary, in many cases, the only way for one of us to accept this new life and to be of greater use in the battle to restore Edrinor, is to return to the life behind.  And to establish some semblance of closure.”
Korsten didn’t look at his mentor, unwilling to display the tears that had quickly formed in his eyes.  “But...Merran’s task was left unfinished.  I would’ve thought if it...if the circumstances were...”
Ashwin spared him trying to complete his thoughts.  “Merran completed the task that was assigned to him.  The new problem he discovered would have been a problem for the future regardless.  It takes much planning and much caution to deal successfully with a Master of the Vadryn.  While it’s true that our operatives are encouraged to act upon any threat they come upon if possible, I think that even Merran found himself in too deep with what he discovered in Haddowyn.”
A longer silence followed Ashwin’s words.  Korsten held his grief in, determined not to break down.  He found himself uncertain of the direction of their conversation.
“Renmyr Camirey is yours to deal with,” Ashwin said quietly.  “When the time is appropriate.”

~

Merran was gone.  There was no one to distract Korsten from his pain, not spiritually or at all physically with Lerissa gone as well.  According to Ashwin, both she and Sharlotte would still possess their abilities as mages.  However, without the constant rejuvenation provided by the blood lilies, they would eventually begin to age again, just as they would have had they never come to the Seminary to begin with.  Their soul-keepers would stay with them, since they lived only for them, and one day…perhaps sooner now…they would return to the lily garden from which they’d been spawned, alone.  Korsten counted each day that passed with no trace of Hessath a blessing.  He knew that Ashwin would inform him if he’d failed to notice the black moth’s return.
Korsten resumed his training and kept as much to himself as possible.  He spent his off hours with thoughts of Renmyr.  It had been too long.
“What is this accomplishing?” he asked Analee on an evening when he had nothing better to do than lie on the floor of his balcony and stare out at the sky.  “I’m losing track of time, losing touch with the world while I shelter here and supposedly study an element that is capable of combatting demons...and releasing humans from their will.  I still haven’t attained Ambience and I know nothing of spells of Release except the hand movements required to invoke them.  And whenever I do, nothing happens.  How am I going to free Renmyr this way?  He must think I’ve abandoned him.”
Ren, I haven’t.  I wouldn’t.  I love you...and miss you.  I need you so much.  I need to feel you again and know that I wasn’t dreaming.  That I lived outside of this place once...with you.  Ren, I’m so sorry about Merran.  We’re nothing more than friends, I keep telling myself, but I still feel the guilt.  And I can’t stop thinking of the way we argued that night...the last night I would have you in my arms.  Gods, had I known, I would never have let you go.
Absently, Korsten lifted one hand, as if to touch the view of the sky.  “What have you been doing in Haddowyn?” he wondered aloud.  His hand lowered slowly.  “If I could just...for a moment...”
Korsten stared upon clouds bathed in the colors of twilight.  And then he sat up.  He closed his eyes and lifted his left hand up again, held it at chest level long enough to complete a brief pattern of motion, then reached with his right hand for the balcony, as if he could touch the place in mind.  He did touch it.  By invoking a Reach spell, he could feel the destination he wanted.  He could hear its sounds and smell its familiar smells.  Korsten drew his hand slowly back and opened his eyes.  He could see the place he’d been thinking about.  He was looking at home, at books on familiar shelves all around him.  
Reality came to him slowly, in spite of what he’d done quite consciously.  I’m not dreaming.  I’m home.  This is my library.
Korsten walked himself slowly to the table, using it to brace himself when his legs suddenly felt too soft to support him.  His stomach turned over and his brain gave a belated spin in his skull.  Lifting his hand to his head to steady it, he looked slowly over his shoulder, and didn’t see his room at the Seminary.  For an instant he almost believed that the Seminary was a dream, but then he recalled the all-white clothes he happened to be wearing; a simple shirt and breeches at the moment, though the shirt was not tucked and it was unbuttoned after a lazy evening’s lying about.  As well he glimpsed the scarlet butterfly flitting about him, too bright to be a natural creature of the gods.  Analee...
“What have I done?” Korsten wondered aloud, then sought the nearest chair.  He lowered himself down with an unexpected pang of remorse and concern for his actions.  He hadn’t done anything wrong.  He wasn’t a prisoner at the Seminary.  He wasn’t even obligated...much.  The mages had saved his life, but he never asked them to.  He never...
It’s no use.  I can’t justify it.  I shouldn’t be here now.  He knew that immediately, so readily that it furthered to alarm him.  I know I’m not ready.  I’m not ready to face you, Ren...if it’s true.  And what’s become of this town?  Dare I look?  Perhaps I’d better just go back.
Korsten didn’t make a solitary move to act on that thought, knowing that he didn’t want to leave.  He knew also that the unease he felt wasn’t actually remorse, but rather fear.  I’m afraid, Ren.  I’m terrified of what I’ll find...and more of what you’ll show me.
The room was dark with evening’s passing into night.  Eventually Korsten lit a candle and dared to leave what had in the past been his sanctuary.  Analee followed him, hovering near to the flame he carried for a span before fluttering off into the deeper shadows of the house.  It wasn’t all that late, but there were no lights displayed in any of the rooms Korsten visited.  In fact, the house appeared to be utterly abandoned.  Perhaps Merran had advised Donnel and Penna to abandon it before spiriting their master away.  Korsten hoped for as much and that the two servants had heeded such advice.  The very last thing he wanted to find in his former home were the bodies of the two people who had made this place feel like home to him.  Especially after Fand’s death.
At sixteen, he used to drive both of them to their wits’ end; refusing to eat, refusing to accept Donnel’s assistance with almost everything, scarcely speaking a word to either of them.  He must have seemed an ungrateful brat.  Seemed?  You were an ungrateful brat, Korsten Brierly.  An arrogant little bastard.  You still are.  Dammit, what’s wrong with you?  You shouldn’t be here.  After everything Ashwin and Merran have done, you’re only going to get yourself killed.  And why?  So that you can see your lover again?  And see the truth you’d been blinded to for...
How long, Ren?  Gods, how long have you been keeping this from me?  Lying to me...
A hiss of pain shattered the silence as Korsten, still in his stocking feet, stepped on something sharp.  He lowered with his candle to look at the bottom of his assailed foot, bleeding mildly, and spied what had caused the complaint.  Frowning curiously, he reached for the misplaced knife.  It was nothing terribly dangerous.  A paring knife perhaps.  What was it doing here, in the hallway?
A closer examination revealed that the blade was stained, with old blood.  Korsten dropped it immediately as his imagination met past events and drew gruesome conclusions.  Penna...oh gods.  Gods, no.
Korsten moved slowly forward with his inadequate light, checking the floor for traces of blood.  He found it every bit as quickly as he’d dreaded and clapped his free hand to his mouth, sickened and terrified.  A smudge of dried blood preceded a brief trail, leading to a large smear on the wall, indicating nothing specific, only that someone had been badly hurt, quite possibly killed.  There was not a body anywhere near and no further trail to follow.  It was as if the victim had been bandaged up and carted away...or absorbed into the wall.
I shouldn’t be here.  I should Reach back.  I’m not ready to face this nightmare again.  I’m not...
A noise pulled Korsten away from his verging panic.  He looked instinctively down the hallway in the direction the sound had come from.  He wasn’t quite sure what it was, but then he heard the distinct closing of a door and snuffed his candle flame at once between thumb and forefinger.  The Vadryn probably didn’t need light to see while in their true form, but perhaps in their borrowed human guises they did.  Korsten’s immediate plan was to let the beast pad around in the dark, hunting by instincts alone while he worked the necessary spell to avoid a confrontation.
He would need both hands to work another Reach.  His hands were shaking, but he still felt that he could do it.  Footsteps sounded elsewhere in the house.  Korsten recalled again that the spell would require both hands.  He lowered slowly and silently to set the candle down, timing the actual placement with the unhurried pattern of the intruder’s steps.  Any noise the base of the holder might have made was covered by the other’s sound.
Breathing carefully, Korsten straightened and tried to set his mind on the Seminary.  He had the image of the kitchen knife branded upon his thoughts.  Visions of blood followed.  He thought of Markam and of Hedren.  His memory brought back the wraithlike demon that had slain the constable.  The blood...so much...  
Gods, don’t be distracted now!  Concentrate!  Think of the balcony outside of your room at the Seminary.  Think of...
Silence.
Whomever was in the house had stopped somewhere or wandered out of earshot.  Wandered?  Maybe it was just a person.  Someone passing through Haddowyn, looking for signs of life.  They would find unlife.  Perhaps they already had.  Except they hadn’t called out.  It didn’t sound like someone scared and panicked, seeking help or a place to hide.
Don’t dwell on it, Korsten told himself.  Just leave.  Now, while you can.  This isn’t the appropriate time to set things right here.  You can’t yet.  You don’t know enough.  You’re only going to...
An eerie sense of presence suddenly fell over Korsten.  Though he could neither see nor hear anything, he knew somehow that he was not alone in the blackness.  The individual in the house was in this passage, nearby.  He felt eyes on him.  Demon’s eyes?  It was a cold, burning gaze.
Korsten held utterly still, not paralyzed with fear, but overcome with a sudden unwillingness to do anything.  It wasn’t the will of a demon oppressing his own this time.  It was indescribable, what he felt just at that moment.  Relief mixed with dread.  A sense of familiar over a feeling of unknowing.  The urge to move forward, countered by the cry at the back of his mind to get away.  He felt warm inside, but cold as well, like he had swallowed a lump of ice that refused to melt.  It had lodged in his chest.
“Ren...” Korsten had never made a sound so weak, so devoid of warmth.  He felt dead, like a ghost returned to haunt the life he once knew and to watch the lives of others continue on without him...wrongly.  He had never felt so helpless, so truly, utterly useless.  A witness to something he could not alter.  Am I?
His eyes adjusted gradually to the lack of light, enough to make out a dark, motionless shape in front of him...an arm’s reach away.  He could smell the familiar smells of Renmyr’s clothing...his skin...his hair...all of it stirring too many memories, too quickly.  Images of a hurried, hidden love rushed forward, and met scenes of murder and of betrayal.
“What have you done?” Korsten asked softly, angrily.  Tears warmed his eyes.  “Did you do this?  Did you ki-”  Though Renmyr gave him plenty of opportunity, he couldn’t finish.  He couldn’t bring himself to believe it.
And then, finally, Renmyr spoke.  “Is that what you think you’re doing here?  Judging me?  Judge yourself…heart’s dearest.  Remember who did the leaving.”
Though he wanted to break down upon hearing Renmyr’s acid tone, Korsten somehow managed to hold his ground.  “Yes, Ren, I do remember.  I remember death all around me, unaware that it was embracing me.  That it had been for some time.  How long?”
“Does it matter?”
“Tell me!” Korsten shouted suddenly, before Renmyr had even finished speaking.  “Tell me when it became a lie, Renmyr!  Tell me when it was over, when this became our future!”
In the very next instant, Renmyr came forward, too quickly for Korsten to react.  He seized him by the throat with one hand, and squeezed.  Korsten lifted both hands instinctively to the one that was choking him.  His attempts to pry it away were useless.  Renmyr’s grip was too strong.
“How long do you think it would take for me to choke the life out of you?” Renmyr snarled.  “I could snap your neck, and make it faster.  Is that what you want?  Is that what you think I want?”
Korsten continued to struggle, too confused and betrayed to decipher whatever point Renmyr or the demon he’d bonded with was trying to make.  Suddenly Renmyr dropped his grip from Korsten’s neck to his shoulder, propelling him into the wall, slamming away the breath Korsten had hastily recaptured.  In the next moment he tried to suffocate Korsten again, this time by crushing their mouths together.  Korsten fought the kiss.  He tried pushing Renmyr away, but his lover kept him pinned against the wall.  He used his whole body to do it.  Korsten wasn’t strong enough to force him back, but he kept trying anyway.  His heart was spiking, his lungs aching, and his hands beginning to sweat as they pushed against Renmyr’s shoulders.  His insistence eventually earned him enough space to turn his head away, to just catch a breath while Renmyr went at his neck.
“Stop,” Korsten panted, still pushing and trying to wriggle away.  Renmyr’s strong hands clamped tighter around his arms and his solid body continued to press.  “Stop it...Ren.  Ren, stop!”
His heart continued to race, thrashing painfully in his chest as fear and desire competed to gain control of his senses.  Renmyr’s tongue found the sensitive spot behind Korsten’s jaw and he went limp, sinking with his back still to the wall, bringing Renmyr with him.  He lifted his arms around his beloved and finally kissed him back.  Renmyr’s hand slid under his shirt, gently now over his skin.  
Korsten relaxed and worked his lover’s shirt open, following Renmyr as he straightened on his knees.  After placing several swift kisses upon Renmyr’s broad chest, Korsten slowed his affection, gradually halting in his belief that he was intimately demonstrating to the other man just how much he did still love him.  It didn’t fully occur to him until after he’d stopped and found himself slumped on the floor in Renmyr’s arms, weeping, that it had been an act of sheer desperation, and that it verged upon becoming so much worse.  He felt base and unclean and yet still in need, still in love.
“Why?” Korsten choked miserably while Renmyr stroked his hand through his hair.  “Why did you come to me?”
“Should I have waited for you to come to me?” Renmyr asked quietly, seeming sated now after reestablishing the dominance he’d always held over his lover.
“Why didn’t you just leave me alone?” Korsten wept.  “Damn you!  Why...couldn’t...”
“From the moment I came across you seated on that bench, before a backdrop of sunset and roses, I knew that I had to have you,” Renmyr whispered.  “I knew that you would be the one to become my heart’s dearest.  In fact you were, in the very instant.  It only alarmed me that you were a man and no one I could openly court.  Even if I could have, you were not often out in the open.  I spent years planning how we would be brought together, how I would convince you of my feelings.  Fand’s inability or unwillingness to acquire you a wife gave me hope that only grew with my desire.  I deluded myself with fantasies of an ideal love, dreams that quickly became tainted with the reality that no one could ever know except us.  I would have let you go to spare you the torment of the years that followed, but it was too late.  You came to rely on me and I loved that about you, that you needed me so much...when no one else did.”
“Ren, that isn’t true.”  Korsten was still clinging to him, just as he always had in the past.  “Your family needed you.”
“They needed my brother,” Renmyr contradicted, his tone gaining a slight edge.  “I was second, to everyone except you, Korsten.  I was sure recently that that had changed.”  He slipped his hand beneath Korsten’s chin and gently forced him to look at him, the shadow of a smile on his handsome face.  “But I see now it hasn’t.  I should have known that you would come back to me, sweet Kor.”
Renmyr’s fingertips glided lightly down Korsten’s neck.  He bent forward, as if to kiss him, and then suddenly stopped.  There was a fierce frown upon his lips.  Before Korsten could inquire, Renmyr roughly tilted his head to one side with one hand, pushing his shirt off his shoulder with the other, just far enough to see the unhealed wound Korsten had all but forgotten about.
“A seal,” Renmyr muttered angrily.  “What else have you let that filthy bastard do to you?”
“Ren,” Korsten breathed, shocked by the sudden change, though perhaps he should not have been by now.
Renmyr took him by the wrist, dragging him along as he leaned sideways far enough to reach the kitchen knife still on the floor where Korsten had dropped it.
“What are you doing?” Korsten asked urgently.  “Ren…”
The blade slashed across his arm, missing a vein, but cutting deep enough to proficiently bleed.  Renmyr dropped the knife in the next instant and brought Korsten’s wounded limb to his mouth.  Korsten felt weak suddenly, ill as he watched his lover lapping at his blood.
“You’re hollow somehow,” Renmyr announced when he was finished.  And then, like a snake striking, he had Korsten by the throat again.  There was a passion and a hatred in his eyes very unlike Renmyr, not aimed specifically at Korsten, but dangerous so long as Korsten remained in its path.  “How is it possible?  What magic drains the life essence out of a body and yet allows it to live?”
A tear slipped down Korsten’s cheek.  “Ren...it’s true.  You’ve…given yourself to them.  To the Vadryn.  Why?”
In that moment, Renmyr relaxed his grip, allowing Korsten to breathe and to slide away from him.  “You are not the only one with needs,” he said, his voice still tense.  “And what have you given yourself to, Korsten?  The Seminary?  Better to be used by them, is it?  I sensed your coming.  I sensed a mage coming and wondered who would be foolish enough to announce themselves with use of such a spell.  I knew better than to hope for Merran.  Though I believe I smell him on you.  Will you live up to your reputation now, consorting with your teachers instead of students?  And what do you believe they can teach you?”
“How to save you!” Korsten blurted, damning him with his next breath.  Renmyr’s temper and the cruelty that came of it had always been too much.  It drove Korsten to rare moments of rebellion.  He thought it was rebellion against Renmyr, but now he was beginning to realize it was rebellion against his own weakness, the dependency and helplessness Renmyr had just described to him and that he had described to himself through his needful and embarrassing actions moments earlier.  “I don’t want this, Ren.  I don’t want this separation between us and I know now that I don’t want the union you attempted to force upon me.  I want to free both of us.”
“How childish,” Renmyr scoffed openly.  “After everything that’s happened to you?  After your own father turned away from you…after everyone turned away from you except me…how can you believe that there is any freedom to be had?  For either of us?”
“Ren, you’re not yourself.  You loved Haddowyn.  How could you allow what’s become of it?  How could you allow what’s become of you?”  Korsten slid toward Renmyr—the man he loved in spite of everything—and carefully lifted his hands to his face.  He wiped his own blood off his lover’s lips and gazed long into his silver eyes, searching.  “I need you.”
“You’ve found others,” Renmyr argued, softly now, sounding more like the man Korsten knew.
“I need you,” Korsten repeated.  “We can find a way to undo this, whatever has been done.  I know you never meant for it to come this far.  Let me help you, Ren.  I love you.”
Renmyr smirked.  “I have always admired your sincerity.  It moves me, the way you put truth into words.”  Renmyr came forward slowly, and kissed him.
This was what Korsten wanted, what he’d been wanting since leaving Haddowyn, but it was wrong…so intensely devoid of everything he thought he remembered.
They drew apart gradually, mutually, and Korsten remained very still afterward, verging on fresh tears as he stared at Renmyr.  His heart rattled strangely, breaking even as it attempted to mend itself after he’d just been kissed by Renmyr…for the last time?
Renmyr lifted his hands to Korsten’s and slid them away from his face.  He transferred his light grip to Korsten’s arms.  “I do not need help,” he whispered.  “And I will not share you.”  
“Ren...”
“You have a choice, Korsten.  That is to reclaim what has been stolen from you and return to me, else make yourself my enemy.  Either way I will end all your suffering.  I promise you that.”  And then Renmyr stood.  “I’ll advise you to make your decision quickly.”
Korsten wanted to stop him.  He held onto him as long as he was able, watching Renmyr step away from him.  His touch slowly slid away, his fingers seeming oddly longer in the darkness, as if followed physically by the shadows in the passage.  Those same shadows gradually enveloped Renmyr and Korsten found himself alone once again.
He drew his hands back, turning them over as his palms felt wet.  They were indeed wet and his sleeves were soaked through as well, with blood.  A thin scratch had been made from his elbow just to his wrist on each arm.  He hadn’t felt the wounds before…he hadn’t felt Renmyr making them as he evidently transformed his fingers into claws…but he felt them now, as air touched the open flesh and the blood continued to flow out of him.
It was true.  All of it.  Renmyr had given himself to the Vadryn.  He was one of them willingly...a demon.

~

The lily garden was lush and full of vivid red blossoms when Ashwin began his stroll through it that evening.  As darkness settled, the flowers were closing in on themselves.  Sleeping, Ashwin liked to think.  The souls of the dead also required rest.  Particularly these souls, providing so much to others long after they’d physically gone from this world.  Perhaps they were spreading themselves thin, empowering new life with a strand of their own, in effect reincarnating themselves while still existing as a spirit.  Not a forgotten one.
Ashwin stopped at a specific group of lilies and let his fingers caress multiple buds.  “How is it right, Adrea, that a teacher should see his student surpass him and then pass from this world...and return to it again?  You said my heart was capricious, but is it, I wonder, when I have only known one love truer than my mortal love?  I want to love, I think, even after losing one so beautiful, and so I go through the motions.  I invite others to dance with me, but they cannot keep up and is it cruel for me to keep on without them?”
He lowered his hand, holding his fingers out for Nera to land upon.  When the brilliant green dragonfly was settled, he drew her close.  “I never meant to harm Sharlotte.  I chose her as my spouse because I loved her, yes, but perhaps more because she needed to have someone near, more frequently than a casual lover.  I thought that I could help her to trust others, but what a foolish idea that was.  All I did, as she sees it, was demonstrate how easily even the one closest to her could betray her.”
Ashwin sighed and gently cast Nera off.  “And then Korsten.  Needing so much, and wanting nothing.  He, like Sharlotte, loves someone who has strayed from him.  His concept of love will never be clear.  He will look to it as a source of pain, if he can ever look away from that which currently hurts him.  He is not as strong as you, Adrea, but he is far from weak.  I don’t know sometimes if I am pushing him too hard, or not enough.  He trains diligently, but his heart is elsewhere.  He refuses to open up even a little to anyone other than Merran, and I think that is only because Merran was there, in Haddowyn, when...his life was stolen from him.  That’s how he sees it and he believes that Merran is his link back to that life.  That isn’t healthy, but when Merran is away he buries himself even deeper.  Perhaps...”
A glimpse of red appeared in the corner of his vision, different from the rest in that it was moving, fluttering.  There had been no cocoons ready that evening to let out a newly born soul-keeper to fulfill its destiny.  For an instant Ashwin wondered if he would witness yet another one’s return and, seeing that it was Analee, he suffered an instant of panic.  It flared in his chest and forced quick warmth to his eyes that evaporated the moment he looked over his shoulder and saw that Korsten accompanied the butterfly.
Relieved, Ashwin started to smile.  However, his relief was as short-lived as his initial panic.  Korsten was staggering, about to fall flat on his face, his sleeves soaked with blood.  Ashwin went to him, just in time for him to collapse against him.  Korsten murmured one word before losing consciousness, a familiar name that disturbed Ashwin as much as the blood.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Before Sharlotte’s thoughtless and selfish attack on Korsten, that could well have led to his death, Ashwin couldn’t recall the last time he’d been genuinely angry.  And now he was angry again, truly.  This time with Korsten.  He believed his depressed student had progressed beyond suicide attempts.  Renmyr Camirey may not have been the best motive to wanting to live, but it was a motive all the same.  Or so, Ashwin thought.  What changed that?  Did he finally come to understand that his lover could not be saved as he would save him?  And who would have been so callous as to bring him to that understanding just now, while he was still healing and not prepared to have anything explained to him in blunt terms?
Ashwin felt inclined to suspect the black-robed man perched on the edge of Korsten’s bed, who also happened to be Korsten’s best chance at survival with Merran still absent.  But why would Eisleth tell him something like that?  Unless Korsten asked.  Eisleth wasn’t interested in toying with people or interfering with another Mage-Superior’s method at raising a student, but he wouldn’t lie if he’d been asked to give an answer about something directly.  Still, Ashwin had trouble picturing Korsten going to Eisleth for anything at all, least of all advice or support in matters of the heart.
“It wasn’t suicide,” the darker image of Ashwin finally announced.
And Ashwin said, “A difficult accident, wouldn’t you agree?”
“It would be,” Eisleth replied.  Then he lifted one of Korsten’s arms, displaying the formerly damaged area of soft flesh.  The skin still appeared somewhat damaged, even after more than an hour of a Mage-Superior’s efforts to heal it.  “You see how difficult the wound is?  Each time I close it, the skin reopens.  The wound is smaller and less blood escapes each time, but that should not be happening at all.  We both know what kind of poison rejects the healing spells of mages.”
“The Vadryn’s touch,” Ashwin confirmed.  And then he added, “He left the Seminary.”
“There are no Vadryn here,” Eisleth pointed out needlessly.  “Certainly none of the level that could do this kind of damage, even if a spy had found its way through the Barriers, again.”
Ashwin frowned automatically, fighting tears of regret in the same instant.  What Eisleth referred to was the one topic Ashwin had difficulty facing.  It had been a mistake.  Not Ashwin’s first, doubtfully his last, but certainly his most dire.  
“At any rate,” Eisleth continued.  “It wasn’t suicide.  I suspect that he Reached to someplace outside of the Seminary, encountered a demon, then returned.”
“To die in the garden?” Ashwin murmured a little unreasonably.  He was currently too upset to be as generous as he usually was with even his most defiant students, of which Korsten was assuredly one.
“Perhaps he knew or hoped that someone would be there to help him, as surely he was in no condition to help himself,” Eisleth suggested.  “You are his mentor.  Perhaps he Reached directly to you.”
“You know how rare that ability is,” Ashwin replied, staggered by the idea of it manifesting in Korsten.  “To be able to Reach to individuals rather than simply places.  And if so, why wouldn’t he have gone straight to Merran, his physician and friend?”
“Why don’t you ask him when he wakes?” Eisleth said coolly.  He performed a Healing spell once more over both Korsten’s arms, waited a few minutes to be sure the spell had succeeded over the demonic infection, then took his leave.
Ashwin took the other Mage-Superior’s place at the edge of the bed, letting go of his anger as soon as he looked upon Korsten’s expressionless face.  It was virtually impossible to stay mad at him.  “When I said that Renmyr Camirey would be yours to deal with, I didn’t mean you alone.  And now what has he done to you?”  He lightly touched Korsten’s left arm, carefully tracing the fading scar.  It would never fade completely.  The marks made by the Vadryn never did.  That thought drew Ashwin’s attention to the sealed wound at Korsten’s neck.
How could you? Ashwin asked silently of a demon he’d yet to meet.  Or perhaps he was speaking to the man.  How could you do this to him, to someone who loved you so much?  Ashwin’s gaze drifted back to Korsten’s face, serene and without expression.  He looked younger this way, almost innocent.  Perhaps, in his way, he was innocent.  In comparison to Adrea...who had always been far too aware of the world and people around her to be naïve.  She was suspicious of everyone, especially her mentor.  Winning her trust had been no easy task.  Winning her heart was perhaps a harder fought battle.  And here I am back at the beginning.  Try not to worry, dearest Adrea.  I know better than to confuse the two of you.  I know it is only a part of you that resides in him, more like what a mother would pass to her child...but what a charming coincidence that’s come of what could have been a bitter irony.  Your chosen is a man, but one who is also a lover of men.  It is not entirely hopeless, my love for him.
Ashwin lightly traced the shape of Korsten’s cheek.  And then he bent down to plant a weightless kiss on the other man’s forehead.  I do love him, Adrea.  Very much.  Thank you for sending him.
On that note, Ashwin decided to leave and would have done so, but Korsten lifted his hand just a little in his sleep and caught hold of his mentor’s hair.  Smiling gently, Ashwin disentangled the blond locks from his student’s loose grip.  Korsten’s beautifully long fingers curled around Ashwin’s hand in the process, holding unconsciously.
“All right,” Ashwin gave in, sitting back down.  “If you insist.  But I do plan to lecture you thoroughly, come morning.”

~

Sunlight coaxed Korsten awake.  He was alive, physically.  He must have succeeded in casting the Reach spell from Haddowyn.  He couldn’t remember much after that.
Blinking away lingering sleepiness, he spotted Analee first, in her typical place on the bed curtains.  Turning his head away from the butterfly, Korsten set his gaze upon a portrait of supreme loveliness, lying fully clothed upon the bedding beside him, touching him nowhere except where their hands were linked.  When Korsten realized that he was the one holding, he let go.  Green eyes fluttered open as the man beside him woke.
“You didn’t have to stay,” Korsten told his mentor.
“You didn’t have to come back,” Ashwin replied, issuing his kindly smile.  “But I’m very glad that you did.”
Remorse slipped into Korsten’s drained heart and began to fill the empty places, along with something else, newly born, that he couldn’t label.  He didn’t try.  “I didn’t intend to leave.  It was...stupidity on my part, and selfishness.  I realize this must be difficult to believe right now, but I want to learn.  I want you to teach me.  I don’t want this…what happened to me, to happen to anyone else.  Not to anyone, ever.”
“So, you did come to me, then,” Ashwin replied, sitting up.  He added with a patient smile, “Because I am your mentor.  Very well, I’ll keep you, but you must promise me one thing, Korsten.”
“What?”
“Never Reach again without knowing full well where you’re going, and why.”
Korsten promised.  He watched Ashwin to the door, but before the elder could leave, he added, “I don’t ever want to go back to Haddowyn again...though I know one day I’ll have to.”
Ashwin looked back at him, and said, “Yes, you will.”  He smiled a bit when he added, “Perhaps not by yourself the next time.”
His mentor left him.  Alone, Korsten turned onto his side and stared out at the morning sky until his view of it blurred.  And then he cried for Renmyr Camirey for what he wished would be the last time.

~

There was something different about him.  Merran didn’t know what, but ever since he’d come back from his latest assignment, Korsten had been quieter somehow, less emotional perhaps.  At first Merran was inclined to believe that they were still not on speaking terms after the series of events that became their ‘morning after’.  Of course, everything had seemed fine at first.  They’d discussed it, reasoned the situation through, and dealt with it.  Sharlotte’s leaving and subsequently taking Lerissa with her was the excuse Korsten needed to escape circumstances he hadn’t actually come to terms with, in spite of his words.  That was how Merran viewed it and he was thoroughly grateful for a legitimate excuse to be away from the Seminary for a little while afterward.  He came back to Korsten still shutting himself into his room and haunting the place with his melancholy attitude, but it was different somehow.
The confused found the source of his confusion in a training room, performing multiple contortionist feats that made his muscles ache to watch.  Balance wasn’t even a dormant talent in Merran, so it always amazed him to see someone with such a strong talent for it at work.  Or was it play?
You’re not the same person I met in Haddowyn, regarding me as if I were a lunatic, hovering constantly on the verge of an emotional breakdown, wincing at the sight of blood.  Well, you’d probably still wince at the sight of blood, and I have no doubt that there’s still an arrogant bastard residing in that fair skin, but you’re much stronger than you were.  I can tell.
Across the marble floor, Korsten lifted himself into a perfectly steady handstand, Analee fluttering constantly near.  It was as if the bond mates were performing a dance of some sort.  Korsten lowered himself slowly and rolled into an upright position.  The red butterfly kissed his exposed shoulder and drifted away while her mage was approached by his audience.
“Good evening, Merran,” Korsten said from his loosely folded position on the floor.  Either his intake of the blood lilies was beginning to effect his physical appearance as it had Ashwin and others, or his Allurance had gotten even stronger in Merran’s absence.  The redhead was quite breathtaking at the moment, eyes darker and skin slightly flushed after his exercises.
“It’s been a while,” Merran commented, keeping his thoughts a secret.  “Have you managed to stay out of trouble?”
“I wish I had,” Korsten replied, somewhat glumly.  “I’ve been an unfair burden on Ashwin...and you, with my selfishness.”
Merran crouched down in front of him.  He didn’t touch him, but this close, he could still feel the hurt inside of the younger mage.  He said, “That all depends on what you mean by unfair.”
Korsten smiled a bit gloomily, but said nothing.  In a moment, Merran did touch him, a light connection of their hands.  And then he felt the entirety of what Korsten was hiding.  It concerned him.
“What happened?”
Korsten avoided Merran’s gaze by lowering his own.  “Please, don’t let me take advantage of your generosity again.”
Merran dampened the power he was invoking and kept his hand over Korsten’s.  “I’m only trying to help you.”  He let the other man absorb those words, then added, “What happened before never has to happen again, Korsten, if it makes you uncomfortable.”
“I feel especially sensitive right now,” the redhead answered quietly.  “Everything makes me uncomfortable.”
“What happened?” Merran asked again.
Korsten kept his gaze averted, waiting several moments before he said, “I went back to Haddowyn.  I Reached there and...Renmyr sensed my arrival.”
“You saw him again,” Merran guessed, wondering how Korsten had survived the encounter with a Master demon, who should have tried everything in its considerable power to either keep him or kill him.
“I learned some things,” Korsten replied.  “About both of us.  Things I didn’t want to know.”
He emanated a vast amount of sorrow and pain just then.  It may not have been within his rights to do so, but Merran invoked a greater amount of magic, and stole the grief away.  It wasn’t a permanent healing, but he didn’t want to see Korsten break down.  He never wanted to see that again, especially not over a demon and a man otherwise, who had orchestrated an unthinkable betrayal against someone who loved him as deeply as Korsten evidently did.  He still did, after everything.  It wasn’t right.
Merran leaned toward him and wrapped his arms around him, and simply held him.  Korsten accepted that, and held him in return.  Relief coursed through one mage and consequentially through the other as well, confirming what Merran had long known.  Korsten didn’t need a lover.  He needed a friend.

~

“Horses and I don’t get along all that well,” Korsten said to Merran as they arrived at the stables.
“Well, you’ll be needing one all the same,” the black-clad mage insisted, proving to be as obstinate as he ever was.
Korsten had known the man for going on a year now.  He was as unchanging as the tide, always coming and going, and slowly eating away at whatever he washed over.
“According to Lerissa,” Korsten said.  “One doesn’t become an operative until they’ve earned the rank of Adept.  And that doesn’t happen for a good many years, long enough for any fine animal to die of very old age.”
“I’ve been riding Erschal for more than three hundred years,” Merran replied, halting Korsten in his tracks.  “He hasn’t gotten old on me yet.”
“Am I to take it, then, that the oats are drizzled with a bit of special honey?”
“The stable master says he’s got a young colt who will be perfect for you,” Merran informed when Korsten joined him again.
“That would have been perfect for me when I was four, you mean.”
Merran gave him the merest trace of a smile.  “He’ll be a healthy young steed by the time you need him.”
Korsten didn’t argue the matter any further.  There was little point to it when Merran was the opponent.  He followed the man indoors and greeted the ageless elder waiting for them.  Tarin appeared a strapping, if not somewhat homely lad of no more than eighteen, but Korsten had been informed that the stable master—also a Mage-Adept with a particularly strong talent for Empathy, linked to brown on the Spectrum—was some four hundred and thirty years Korsten’s senior, and when he brought those numbers against what he thought he knew of Ashwin, he was let know that he had missed the mark by several centuries with him also.  At that point, Korsten had stopped trying to guess at ages.  He was sure that everyone save for a few Apprentices and fewer mages would turn out to be quite older than him anyway.
“Here he is,” the old lad Tarin said, leading Korsten and Merran to the appropriate stall.  “I knew from the moment he was born he would be perfect for you, Kor.”
“Don’t tell me that horses are born for specific mages like the soul-keepers are.”
Tarin laughed good-naturedly.  “No, sir.  These animals are bred natural.  The best ones are fed special, though.  And I can tell you, with Jeselle’s roan being the sire and Eisleth’s Jenna being the mare that dropped him, he’s going to be one of the best.”
Korsten refrained from sharing the images of a cold, sinister beast with a low threshold for tolerance that came to mind.  He also assumed by that comment that animals—at least horses—weren’t effected the same way humans were by the lilies when it came to forming offspring.  Without asking any further questions on the topic, he allowed himself to be led to the little would-be tyrant and was surprised, if not a little discouraged, to look in at a spirited young creature who couldn’t stand still long enough to suckle.  The only aspect that reminded Korsten of himself was the fact that the colt’s mother seemed to be losing patience with her offspring.  And that was still wrong because Korsten’s mother had not been the parent to lose patience with him.
“What made you link this animal to me?” he finally asked the pleasantly grinning stable master.
Tarin looked at him.  And then, as if one needn’t ask, he said, “He’s smart, agile...about the vainest little thing you’ll come across in all the gods’ realm.”  While Korsten turned helplessly red, Tarin reached in to pat the colt’s white muzzle, which was about the only part of it that wasn’t black as pitch, and added, “I guess he has a right to be.  He’s a right handsome fellow.  Won’t be big as his papa, but he’ll be strong and fast.”
“Does he have a name?” Korsten asked next, not particularly enthused.
“He will when you give him one,” Tarin replied with a shrug.
Korsten sighed and pushed his hand through his curls.  “I’m not feeling particularly imaginative.  Will Onyx do?”
“Onyx?” Tarin echoed, as if tasting the word.  And then he grinned, patting the young horse between the ears.  “That’s a brilliant name.  It’s perfect.”
“Better than Erschal, anyway,” Korsten mumbled, glancing at Merran.
“My sister once gave a pup that name,” the blue-eyed mage replied, evidently finding no humor in the remark made by his friend.
Korsten knew in that moment that he’d done something thoughtless, yet again, by opening his mouth.  He apologized and felt worse for it when Merran wandered away, toward a different stall.  Tarin pretended not to notice and Korsten eventually excused himself from the stable master’s presence after thanking him for the introduction to Onyx.
He found Merran in the presence of the white beast Erschal; a large horse named after a small dog that was named by someone who must have meant a great deal to Merran.  His sister would have died centuries ago, and the pain still hadn’t left him.  “You were close,” Korsten guessed, speaking softly.  “You and your family.”
“We were,” Merran replied.  His voice sounded distant, shielded.
“You know I didn’t mean…”
“I know.”  Merran abandoned Ershcal’s stall and stalked to the open stable doors, leaning against them while he gazed at the sky, granting it more blue than it had a right to.
Korsten joined him, and started to babble, as if that would erase the awkwardness he’d created.  “My sisters and I weren’t close.  For that matter, I didn’t share a very strong bond with anyone in my family.  My mother was actually pleased to have me, though.  I was born nine years after my youngest sister and not having a very small child to pamper was a bit too much for her.  She wasn’t really interested in having a son, even to please my father and satisfy the matter of an heir, but it all worked out well enough.”  He smiled a little when Merran glanced at him.  “By the time I was ten, both of my parents were convinced that they’d had another daughter.”
Merran laughed, inspiring Korsten to do the same.  Then the elder mage caught his friend by the wrist and drew him into his space.  They sat down together just outside the stables and simply talked for a very long time.

~

“Is it possible for a gift to Emerge without someone knowing right away that it did?” Korsten asked as he lay in Merran’s arms, after a mutual decision to revisit the circumstances that had begun separating Korsten from the most unreasonable of his misery, and that had simultaneously inspired their deeper friendship, something Korsten knew clearly that he did not resent and that he could not feel guilty for.  His overheated skin tingled in the cool night air drifting in through the open balcony and he reveled in the fact that he quite simply felt good.
In response to his question, Merran said, “I would have thought no before you asked.”  He lifted himself up just a little after having spent several blissful moments nuzzling Korsten’s neck, his mind again beginning its inexorable generation of logic.  “Do you believe one of your dormant talents has come forward?”
“Not mine.  In Haddowyn, when I was once again on the verge of hysterics, you touched my hand and I calmed down instantly.”
“Hysterics?” Merran echoed.  “You were scared, and had a right to be.”
“You’re never scared.”
“I’m not?”
Korsten smiled up at him helplessly.  “You do have a flair for mystery, my dear friend.  Do you know that?”
Merran lowered once again and kissed him very softly on the lips.
“We were talking about talents,” Korsten reminded when they separated.  “And while you have many, I believe my question pertained to an Emergent gift.”
“Emerging without the individual knowing,” Merran finished.  “Yes, I recall.  And in answer to your question, I invoked a Sleep spell.  It had nothing to do with Empathy.”
“Far be it for me to contradict someone with Reasoning as his Ambience, but Sleep makes the subject of the spell drowsy or renders them flat unconscious.  I may have passed out, but just before I did, I remember feeling suddenly at ease...like I am now.”  Korsten grinned slyly.   “Well, perhaps not quite like I am now.”
Merran avoided any embarrassment that might have caused, his brow furrowing as he began to seriously ponder the matter Korsten had brought up.  “Well, I’ve never known of a gift to Emerge and then return to a dormant state.  And until our first night together, Empathy was dormant in me.  My life-mentor and yours would have known otherwise.  Mage-Superiors can read into others and determine such things.”
Korsten offered a slight shrug.  “So maybe it did.  Emerge and resume dormancy, I mean.”
“If that were true, it would make me think that you were the catalyst for that Emergence, rather than time.”
“What if I was?” Korsten wondered aloud.  “Could my own burgeoning magic have triggered yours?”
Merran sighed, and then smiled.  “You’re not going to sleep until you’ve figured this out, are you?”
Korsten drew his friend down.  He closed his mouth slowly upon Merran’s chin, pulling away in even less of a hurry.  Then, in his most enticing voice, he said, “Would you care to stay up a little longer and conduct an experiment with me?”
Merran’s answer was not given in words.

~

Morning came.  Korsten rose, robed himself in guilt the moment he was out of Merran’s embrace, then took his time bathing before donning his white cassock.  He pulled his red curls back and secured them, and planted himself on the balustrade rimming his bedroom.  When he looked at himself in the mirror he had noted that the blood lilies were changing him.  Not so greatly as Ashwin, but given a few hundred years, perhaps he would find himself layered in so much glamour that not even his dear mother would have recognized him.  He imagined his female admirers of the past would transform from admiring to envious if they were to look upon him, even more effeminate than he ever was, than he ever dared to be.
He’d always attracted the wrong men before.  The kind of men who probably preferred women, but who found themselves intrigued or maybe just tempted by someone like Korsten.  Firard wasn’t the first masculine man to be interested in Sethaniel Brierly’s exceptionally unmanly son.  He was simply the first whose interest Korsten was inclined to return.  A young man fostered by Korsten’s father, infamous for starting and finishing a number of fights among the other young men, had tried to befriend Korsten when he was barely twelve.  Korsten stayed away from him because he smiled at him too much, too gently, and because a great many of the scrapes the older boy got into stemmed from defending the target of the others’ abuses.  Years later, Korsten was able to decipher that gentle smile and it hadn’t made it any easier to deal with Firard.
And then there was Renmyr; tall, strong, lordly, bullheaded...  He gave no hints as to his preferences being directed anywhere other than toward the opposite sex.  Korsten admired him a great deal, of course, but he had never dreamed Renmyr would or even could return that admiration and he was quite taken off guard when he finally did.  Merran, on the other hand, may not have been a cocky, ale-guzzling nobleman, but he was a far cry from the sympathetic potential lover Korsten might have expected to find, had he ever gone looking.  After Firard and before Renmyr, Korsten dared to dream of a man like Ashwin, ironically.  Someone beautiful and elegant, but still strong and confident.  Someone kind and patient, who could offer gentle guidance and endless support to someone as needy as Korsten had always been when it came to relationships.
I think that I could love you, my mentor.  Very much.  That’s why I have to keep my distance.  Renmyr, even if it’s only in memory, will always be my heart’s dearest, no matter how much I may want to love someone else.  I would only be hurting myself and opening myself up to still more pain if I actually did fall in love, just like Sharlotte.
Korsten’s gaze wandered into his bedroom and to his bed.  A small smile lifted the corners of his lips just a little as he studied the figure tangled in his bedding.  Merran’s different.  He doesn’t love me in that way nor does he claim to.  And I am not in love with him.  Yes, there is an attraction, but I think it’s a fairly helpless one on Merran’s part.  Even if I hadn’t been cursed with my mother’s abundant grace, now made more abundant with each drop of Essence taken from the lilies, I seduced him.  And I used magic to do it.  It’s as simple as that.  And now, like the spell-touch Ashwin used on me, the effect lingers.  Merran’s not truly opposed to the circumstances, but I don’t think he quite realizes what he’s gotten himself into.  Perhaps he only knows that he doesn’t feel as alone as he once did.  He’s a little like me in that aspect; closing himself off from others when he’s unhappy.  Maybe that’s partly why we were not friends at first, and now we are.  We didn’t want to face ourselves reflected in the other, even if it wasn’t quite a mirror image.  By now we’ve come to understand each other and, slowly, we’re working at understanding ourselves.
“That’s the only way I can justify it, Analee,” Korsten said to the red butterfly perched on his upraised knee too lightly to be felt.  And then he fell once again into silent rumination.
Several minutes later a voice rose from within the room.  “Did it work?”
Korsten returned his gaze to his friend, who was propped up handsomely on his elbow, his dark hair hanging in his face a bit and half of him draped in bedding.  “My experiment?” Korsten said with a vague, admiring smile.  He shook his head slightly.  “No.”
“What were you hoping to accomplish?” Merran asked, raking one hand slowly through his hair, fully revealing his vivid blue eyes, perhaps not intentionally.  Korsten didn’t imagine that his fellow mage had any idea how rakish and desirable he appeared just at that moment.  He moved like he spoke, when he wasn’t in a mood for being mysterious; charmingly frank and unaware.
Korsten couldn’t help but to tease just a little.  “Well, I won’t say that I’m completely displeased with the results of our activities, but I was hoping to induce Ambience, in myself.”
“By seducing me?” Merran guessed, sitting up a little more.  “I was already willing.  You didn’t have to work enough at enticing me to stay.”
“You speak as if it would have succeeded otherwise.”
“I speak as if I am still half asleep,” the other mage replied, and he lowered his face into his hand.
For a cruel instant, Korsten was reminded of Renmyr, of the way he had often behaved in the morning after a night spent at his friend’s house...in his bed.  Korsten pulled his gaze away, just as his eyes stung with moisture.  “Thank you, Merran, for staying with me another night,” he eventually said.
“I suppose the polite thing for a guest to say would be thank you for having me,” Merran replied, and Korsten heard the sheets rustling as the other mage climbed at last out of bed.
Korsten decided not to watch him dress.  Gazing across the roofs of Vassenleigh from his comfortable vantage upon the balcony, he drew in a long breath of morning air and let it out slowly.  He began thinking of what a peculiar place the Seminary was.  Peculiar...and beginning to feel very much like home.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Onyx indeed grew to be a handsome and spirited creature.  Spirited, but smart enough to somehow know the difference between good behavior and bad and vain enough to recognize how unattractive bad behavior was, even in an animal.  For those reasons, Korsten had relatively little trouble establishing a comfortable relationship with the steed.  Riding him quickly became a pleasant escape from days when studying or training, both physical and magical, wasn’t enough to keep his mind off Haddowyn and Renmyr.  Perhaps it was abnormal of him to be so stuck on a relationship that had evidently failed and on an individual who had strayed so far from his reach, both physically and emotionally.  However, abnormal or not, Renmyr could never stray too far from his heart.  Korsten still loved him.  Some nights, when he was alone, he still wept for him, and every day he renewed his vow to save Renmyr from the evil that gripped him.  He believed that he would be able to one day, and it was that belief and that determination which made him one of Mage-Superior Ashwin’s better students.  Since his careless return to Haddowyn, Korsten had given all of himself to his training, and mastered four of his spells.  It had come to the point where he scarcely had to think about the one he wished to perform.  It was habit at least—if not reflex—to invoke an incantation and to bring about the precise effect he’d intended with ritual gesticulation and the merest bit of will.
Yes, by now he had a knack for magic...and no sense of time.  Months passed him by as if a matter of days.  Seasons rolled over him with no more effect than the motion of clouds across a calm summer sky.  He looked no different and, barring the magic growing within him, consistently gaining in strength, he felt remarkably unchanged.  
So this is immortality?  A state of limbo.
Korsten reined Onyx to a halt on a slight hill outside of Vassenleigh and looked upon the town from a distance, admiring the graceful stone architecture of the Seminary, towering over it, embracing it, as if a winged mother shielding her children from the forthcoming storm.  Korsten could see the moisture in the gray clouds creeping along the horizon.  He stared at the misty drapes it formed in the distance and thought that he could smell the rain they represented.  He felt a tingle inside him, just beneath his skin, telling him that the rains would be heavy, but the winds weak.  As an environmental empath, he’d all but learned how to predict the weather a week in advance.  That, of course, could never be achieved.  All any empath with his focus along the Spectrum could do was sense the conditions and changes in the air.  Perhaps he could guess, based on those conditions, but that would be all it ever was; a guess.  Maybe, if combined with the right level of Foresight...
The thought put a vague smile on Korsten’s face, one that broadened as the inspiration for that thought drew nearer.  Watching Merran approach, the expression faded.  Korsten had settled into a state of resignation, that he could feel constantly.  The same unhappy condition he’d arrived in clung to him yet, but he had learned to suppress urges to weep that had in the past been urges to break down and beg the gods to take him from this world and spare him the suffering that was life without Renmyr.  He resisted by recalling his hope, the daily and sometimes hourly renewal of his faith that magic would one day reunite him with Renmyr, just as it had torn them apart.  The deep wounds they had acquired in the separation would be healed with the reunion.
That is my faith, Ren.  That is my dream...and I have Merran to thank for it.  I never want to think about what might have become of me if he had not taken me away from Haddowyn, away from you, in your time of madness...and helplessness.
The black-clad mage arrived upon his handsome white beast and positioned himself to share Korsten’s view of the weather bearing down on Vassenleigh.
“Has something come up?” Korsten inquired, aware that his voice had become habitually calmer in the time that he’d spent here, under strange circumstances he’d come to embrace as diligently as one embraces a child or a lover who was unwell, requiring a soothing tone to keep the fear at bay.
“A request has been made,” Merran informed.  “You’re wanted before the Council.”
“Gods, what have I done now?” Korsten sighed.
Merran looked at him, resisting a smile.  “You’ve earned field status.”
“I don’t know anything about farming.”
“Not surprising, with hands as soft as yours happen to be,” Merran stated in a tone that required Korsten to frown on principle.  Smiling just a little now, his fellow mage added, “You’re about to be given your first assignment.”

~

Korsten did not enter the Council Chamber alone.  Merran accompanied him and joined him at the center of the floor while the twelve Mage-Superiors assumed their places around them.  Korsten’s dark eyes sought Ashwin, who met his gaze and offered a subtle smile of reassurance.  Ashwin believed he was ready for this.  In spite of the eagerness to learn that had been with him from the start and the resignation to duty he’d begun to feel more recently, Korsten was still not so sure.
“Korsten,” Mage-Superior Jeselle began, commanding his complete attention.  Her silver eyes were as severe and scrutinizing as ever.  “You have attained full, practicing mage status, through dedicated training, intellectual, physical, and magical.  You have four gifts at Resonance, all of which have been so for a period of twenty-nine years.”
Twenty-nine?  Has it been so long?  I should be an old man.  My nieces and nephews’ children should have had children by now.
Before the thoughts could evolve beyond that, Mage-Superior Eisleth was speaking.  “It is not routine to promote one so fledgling to Adept status, particularly without an Ambient gift, but there are no other options remaining to us.  We have spread ourselves too thin and not been able to sufficiently replenish our numbers since the attack on the Seminary many years ago.”
Korsten glanced to Eisleth, noticing the darker version of Ashwin look at his blond counterpart and noticing that Ashwin reacted with a flash of pain in his green eyes.  He was still not over it.  He still blamed himself, and apparently others blamed him as well.
“Your talents are remarkably strong,” Eisleth continued and Korsten looked at him again.  “And remarkably manageable.  You have been able to channel them skillfully and consciously and have therefore mastered more spells than one of your years should even have begun to learn.  You currently have four unique spells at your disposal, along with adequate universal spell abilities, and a skill at swordplay that is unsurpassed.  As well, you have shown an astounding ability to recover from emotional traumas that might otherwise have impaired you for many years.  For these reasons and on the recommendation of your life-mentor, you will be promoted to Mage-Adept as of this hour.”
Korsten inclined his head respectfully to the entire Council.
Mage-Superior Ceth came forward on his willowy legs, looking no more than thirty, though he, like Ashwin and others on the Council, was well over one thousand.  He moved like a heron, a graceful deliberation to each step, and held out his hand when he reached Korsten, revealing a tiny sphere of what appeared silver.  “Hold out your right hand,” the man instructed.
Korsten obeyed and watched curiously as the item was deposited into his palm.  It felt softer than it should have been and also warm.  It quickly abandoned its round shape to spread flat over Korsten’s skin, whereupon it proceeded to seep beneath the flesh and disappear.  There was no pain, but Korsten felt a sudden cold sensation and maybe even a lump at the center of his palm.
“Now,” Ceth said.  “Touch the new Essence with that which already exists within you.  The item you now carry was constructed almost entirely of magical energies, so it should not be difficult to connect with it.”
Korsten closed his eyes for concentration, easily finding the magic inside of him, both old and new.  He felt the gap between energies and quickly formed a bridge.  He looked at Ceth again, awaiting further instruction.
“Draw the magic outside of yourself, as if casting a spell.  One without gesture, only concentration.  I think you know what you’re after.”
Somehow, Korsten did.  He willed the silvery substance back out from beneath his skin and willed it to take shape.  With his mind, he molded a long, slender blade, double-edged and as solid as if it had been forged by hammer and fire, complete with hilt and hand guard.  He was given room to test it and did so, finding that it appeared in weight and function to be as fine a weapon as any he’d used before.  He found himself pleasantly amazed.
“Put it away now,” Ashwin said, sounding very paternal just then.  And, with childlike obedience, Korsten drew the sword back into his hand.  The blond continued.  “You needn’t carry it at all times.  It can be set to rest on a shelf or in a pocket as easily as in your hand, but the method you have just demonstrated should serve as a convenience, not only in travel, but in dealing with individuals of a political nature, who might think to confiscate your weapons.  What’s more, so long as it is in that form, you needn’t be concerned with maintenance.”
“Are all mages going to carry their weapons in this fashion?” Korsten asked.
“Perhaps one day,” Ceth answered.  “You are one of eight now, who will put the efficiency of this invention to the test.”  The man arched one eyebrow.  “In the field.”
While Ceth walked away, Merran muttered, “Fashion probably played a factor.”
“Bastard,” Korsten sang under his breath.
“And now, Mage-Adepts Korsten and Merran,” Jeselle said.  “You are being assigned to resolve a matter involving the Vadryn at the military keep on the western border, near to the town of Lilende.  It is our strong suspicion that a mole has been planted at the outpost by Morenne and that the individual may also be under the influence of a demon, if not possessed by one.”
“Do we know this individual’s identity?” Merran asked, serious now.
“No,” Jeselle answered.  “We know only that this individual is present.”
“Well, it shouldn’t be too difficult to sort out,” Korsten put in.  “Moles are very often individuals who are highly trusted or easily overlooked.  Our man should shine particularly brightly, or not at all, and therefore be made discernible from the rest of the ranks.”
Everyone looked at him.  Korsten noticed that of them, Ceth and Ashwin were smiling distinctly with pride.  He would not have considered his words much of a demonstration of anything, except willingness to focus on the circumstances and to contribute to a resolution.  But perhaps, given everything, willingness to participate in something outside of the shelter he’d made for himself at the Seminary was a confirmation to them that he was ready.  He would try to carry their confidence with him.

~

“Ceth is one of your supporters,” Ashwin said, pouring Korsten a glass of conspicuously red wine.  “He would have taken you as his own student, if not for my insistence in the matter.”
Korsten, reclining on the end of a wide, backless bench with plush cushions that occupied the balcony of Ashwin’s very large room, accepted the glass that was offered to him.  “Why were you so insistent?  Back then, I mean, when you would not have known anything about me except that I was half dead?”
Ashwin arched one pale eyebrow.  “Back then?  Less than a breath’s span behind me?”
“I apologize,” Korsten said, sipping from his glass.  “Time must seem very different to you.”
“I was just thinking that it must seem very different to you,” Ashwin replied.  He returned the wine bottle to a table nearby, poured himself a goblet, and walked back to the bench, where he sat down beside Korsten’s feet.  “But then, I suppose your impression of it is constantly changing at this point.”
“Yes, it is,” Korsten admitted.  “My impression of many things is changing.”
“I won’t take that as an invitation,” Ashwin said, smiling softly after tasting his drink.  He let one hand rest lightly upon Korsten’s ankle.  “And in answer to your question, I read tremendous potential in you as you lay half dead, covered in the symbols of a particularly powerful Emergence.  Such things are usually only brought about through severe trauma.  When I saw the mark upon your neck, the seal against a Vadryn’s poison, I knew that to be the case.  I wanted to guide you, to witness your potential firsthand, and to shelter you.  
“You see, I have a weakness for persons with unique or great needs.”  The Mage-Superior sighed, smiling a little broader now, perhaps in amusement at himself.  “And I am an incurable romantic.  Not surprising that I watched you bloom...and fell in love.”
Korsten stared helplessly for a moment, his heart feeling suddenly thicker in his chest, plodding against his ribcage.  The man was as beautiful and as enticing as he ever had been, making matters worse with confessions of romantic love.  He had never described what he felt in that way before.  He had never put it into so many tormenting words.
“I know that you and Merran have discovered one another,” Ashwin said next and Korsten dropped his gaze immediately to the wine in his glass.  “I know also that it is not love, necessarily, that inspires the two of you to share a bed every once in a long while, but merely companionship.”
“Comfort, we call it,” Korsten said, feeling somehow as if he needed to explain or apologize.
“Yes.  He can reach your deepest pain and make it seem less.”  Ashwin stood and carried himself to the balustrade rimming his balcony.  “And I would only be able to share it.  Not even as Analee does.  It would simply be two people, feeling emotionally as one.  It would be a deception.”
“A deception?” Korsten inquired, frowning lightly.  He was beginning to feel a little lighter after too many sips of wine.
Ashwin set his gaze on the stars overhead.  “For a few precious moments, you would feel all the love that I feel.  In those moments, you might even believe that you love me, only to be awakened later to an illusion shattered.  Fragments of it would be embedded in you for a time, causing only more pain.”
Silence spanned the minor distance between mentor and student.
At length, Korsten said, “You miss her, don’t you?”
“Yes,” Ashwin said eventually.  “I miss them both, but at least I can be comforted in knowing that they have each other.  Perhaps this is as it was meant to be.”
“With you alone?” Korsten said, glaring at his goblet, letting the alcohol he’d already drunk from it tell him he was suddenly angry.  “Because of me?  That’s absurd.”
Without making a sound that Korsten heard or that would have alerted him, Ashwin came back to the bench and sat down on the edge beside him.  He set his wine glass on the floor, then reached for Korsten’s, making visual note of the fact that it was almost empty.  He set the item aside and leaned over his student, not far enough to touch their brows together like he usually did.  There was something different about the way he was hovering and the way he asked, “Am I alone?”
Korsten wasn’t sure that he understood.  He understood the searching in the man’s brilliant green eyes, he thought.  And he understood the heat of two bodies, attracted to one another in spite of everything, being so close.  But the question made no sense.
Ashwin offered explanation.  “You’ve been with me, Korsten, even if only as my student.”
Korsten felt a pang of remorse deep inside of him with those words.  He imagined it showed in his expression as the wine tore away his mask of imperturbability.  “Only as your student?  Have I been so cold to you?  We’re friends...” He felt a sudden blush come to his cheeks, and suspected that there was more to it than drunkenness.  In spite of the drunk, he believed that his next words were in earnest.  “And it hardly seems fair that I can justify intimacy with one friend and not another.”
Ashwin smiled just a little, though he was clearly aching inside, allowing Korsten to torment him.  He said softly, “That’s the wine talking, my dear.  And I didn’t give it to you for the purpose of listening to it say what I want to hear.”
I can’t believe I’ve been so cruel...and so selfish.  I’ve been using Merran for his gift and ignoring Ashwin for his lack of it.  No matter how I look at it, I haven’t been faithful to Renmyr…and Ren, damn you, you’ve never been faithful to me.  Gods, I know you had reasons, though.  And I have none, except for the loneliness I feel without you.  I must be the most disgusting and pathetic creature alive.
Korsten rediscovered the irritability the wine had set out for him.  “It isn’t the wine,” he grumbled.  “I speak for myself.”  He slid away from his mentor and off the opposite side of the bench.  Standing too fast, he was forced to hold still and give his spinning head a moment to recover.  Then he strolled not quite steadily across the room, made it as far as the bed, and fell flat on his face.
In a moment, he heard Ashwin’s amused voice nearby.  “Well, if I’d have known it would be this easy to get you into my bed, I’d have tried it straight away.”
“Gods...I’m such an idiot,” Korsten groaned into wondrously soft bedding with a faintly spicy scent.
“Well, you can sleep there, if you like,” Ashwin said.  “I’ll...”
“No…”  Korsten lifted himself up, ignoring the way his brain went for a second rotation.  “I’m not going to put you out of your bed...Ashwin, but since I’ve already put myself into it...” He felt his face reddening once again, from drunk and embarrassment.  “Perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to stay.”
“Korsten, no,” Ashwin said, showing a sudden and remarkable amount of restraint.  “I only brought you here to spend a few moments alone with you before you leave.  I probably shouldn’t have said some of what I said.”
“So, now you don’t want me,” Korsten concluded unreasonably.  “Now I’m too easy, am I?”
“You’re too drunk,” Ashwin told him.  Dropping his hands onto Korsten’s shoulders, he tilted his head forward and closed his green eyes when their brows lightly touched.  “I shall never give you that particular wine again.  I can see it’s far too potent for one so young as you still happen to be.  Now, please, go to sleep.”
He straightened and gave Korsten a light push back.  Korsten grabbed hold of the elder’s arms and pulled him down onto the mattress with him.  Ashwin caught himself and balanced on hands and knees above his suddenly eager student.  Perhaps this wasn’t as romantic as he would have preferred it, but Korsten was determined…and drunk, yes.
Ashwin frowned, seeming either surprised or dismayed by his insistence, perhaps both.  “If you’re going to attempt to invoke your gift upon me, I’ll have to neutralize it, and you’re going to wake in the morning with a far worse migraine.  I promise you that.”
“You can neutralize someone’s magic?” Korsten asked, easily distracted in his state.  He actually forgot what he was up to and thought for an instant that he was simply in his own bed.
“It comes with the rank of Mage-Superior,” Ashwin replied.  And then he lifted himself away from Korsten and sat himself on the edge of the bed, sighing somewhat wearily.  “Just sleep there, Korsten.  I’ll take the...”
Ashwin’s voice tapered into silence shortly after Korsten fell still and closed his eyes in an attempt to clear his thoughts.  Apparently his mentor believed he had passed out.  Ashwin leaned back as if to check.  Korsten remained still and silent, convincing the elder.
“Goodnight, my dearest,” Ashwin whispered fondly.
The room darkened and then fell utterly silent.  Wherever Ashwin had gone to—presumably back to the bench on the balcony—he didn’t make a sound.  Korsten opened his eyes and lay still for what felt like a very long time.  His head didn’t quite clear, but it went from spinning to fogged and a tad achy.  He would have a nasty headache later on.
At some point, Korsten rose and walked, with his head feeling like a heavy cloud, to the open balcony doors and outside.  He found his mentor lying upon the bench as he suspected, looking even more surreal beneath the starlight.  His hair and robes and skin all appeared paler and he himself more beautiful.  His eyes were closed.  He must have been asleep.
Korsten approached the bench and sat down beside him.  The summer air was warm, reaching under his shirt like seductive hands.  The alcohol stirred in his blood, mingling with helpless desire as he stared down at his mentor, who had always been too damnably handsome.  You’ve had your chance to prove that you’re not going to take advantage of me.  And since I’m leaving tomorrow and I’ll probably get both Merran and myself mutilated or killed by one of the Vadryn...what difference does anything make anyway?
He leaned forward, resigning himself to the guilty pleasure that faced him in his lovesick mentor.  He was roundly surprised and thoroughly frustrated when Ashwin’s hand blocked him, pressing against his chest.  Damn it, who’s chasing who?
The man’s green eyes opened, appearing a deep and lustrous jade in the night’s lack of light.  “While I appreciate your sudden generosity, I can’t let this happen.”
“Why not?” Korsten demanded, refusing to leave, wondering how difficult it would be to push Ashwin’s arm away and lower on him anyway.
“Don’t think I’m not tempted,” the glorious elder said softly.  “Feeling, even now, the way your heart beats against my hand.”  
Those words let Korsten know that Ashwin’s skin was against his own, feeling marvelous.  He suddenly wanted more of that touch and shifted slowly, deliberately, so that Ashwin’s slender fingers slid across a sensitive area.  He gasped only a little, though he had succeeded in arousing himself a great deal.  
Ashwin’s expression was a beautifully played out battle between desire and restraint.  His voice remained deceptively steady.  “You would give yourself to me this night, but what of nights to follow?  How could you expect me to look upon you the same after discovering what it is like to truly be with you?  Wondering becomes knowing.  Unanswered love becomes neglected longing.”
Korsten was still frowning at him, beginning to want him in a very dire way.  “What makes you think I wouldn’t come back to you?”
Ashwin looked genuinely hurt.  Hurt by the depth of his own love, that could never be returned.  “You wouldn’t, Korsten.  We both know it.  You’re half drunk and half guilty.  You’re not in love and you have no idea what you want right now.”
“That’s not true.  I know what I want.”  Korsten’s eyes misted and he glared wrongly at Ashwin for it.  “I know what I’ve always wanted and what was taken from me...what I’ll never have again, so what difference does it make?”
“I can’t bear your guilt,” Ashwin told him.  “I couldn’t, after Sharlotte left us…left me.  I tried to distance myself from you, because it was my blame, not yours.  I loved you, Korsten...too suddenly, too much.”  He moved his hand to the back of Korsten’s neck, and drew him down.  “I love you,” he sighed in defeat and delivered a kiss that attacked Korsten’s senses at every known level.  In an instant, he felt the love Ashwin spoke of and it made him want to weep with despair as much as it made him want to laugh warmly.  It was sunlight and moonlight glistening off a single teardrop caught in a web of emotions that were tangled and inescapable, confined and yet infinite, barren and somehow full of life.  It was so beautiful and at once so terrible...
Korsten couldn’t let it go and at the same time, he couldn’t hold on.  He pulled away…or was he pushed?...and stared breathlessly down at Ashwin.
“That is what I feel for you,” his mentor said with tears in his glorious eyes.  “And that is what you feel...for someone else.”
Ren...
Korsten felt tears in his own eyes now.  Ashwin guided him down again, but only to hold him while he cried like a child onto his shoulder.
“I am going to miss you while you’re away,” Ashwin said very softly, stroking his hand through Korsten’s hair.  “Come back to us swiftly.  Both of you.”

~

Korsten didn’t become aware of the sunlight gleaming through his eyelids until someone stepped in front of it…in front of him…and cast shadow over him.  He opened his eyes, not to white robes, but a black coat and for a moment, he wasn’t sure where he was.
“Well, I won’t say this is the last place I expected to find you,” Merran said.  The other mage…fellow Mage-Adept…crouched beside the article of furniture that was either a narrow bed or a bench, upon which Korsten was lying, and sighed.  “Drank a little last night, did we?”
“We didn’t do anything last night,” Korsten murmured grumpily, slowly recalling whose room he’d come to be in and that nothing had happened between him and its excessively attractive resident.  “What in Hell’s depths are you doing here anyway...besides not healing my headache?”
“Not that easily,” Merran said.  “You should have known better than to drink Elder’s wine before the start of a trip.”
“You bastard,” Korsten groaned, sitting up slowly.  “And what do you mean Elder’s?”
“After too many centuries, wine and other things don’t have as much effect on an individual as they used to.  More potent agents are required.”
Korsten dropped his aching skull into his hands.  “You have a nasty habit of speaking with double-edged terminology,” he muttered, and whimpered peevishly when a pillow hit him on the back of the head, exacerbating the sensation of heaviness and pain.
“Ashwin’s sequestered in the Council Chamber with the rest of the Superiors,” Merran informed, the assaulting cushion still in his hand.   “I’m sure he said his good-byes to you last night anyway.  Now, come along.  It’s time for us to leave.”
“I haven’t even packed,” Korsten complained, lowering his hands from his face, and closing his eyes against the sun’s knifing rays.
“It’s taken care of,” Merran answered.
“Oh, gods...” Korsten murmured.  He heard Merran leaving and called over his shoulder at him.  “I’m going to bathe before I set one foot outside of this building, so I hope you haven’t packed what I want to wear.”
“You’ll find a hot bath waiting in your room and everything you need otherwise lying at the foot of your bed,” Merran promised on his way out of Ashwin’s room.

~

Oh, yes.  Everything I need.  Right here at the foot of my bed.  Bastard.
Merran hadn’t packed a blessed thing.  Korsten’s entire wardrobe, with the exception of the sleeveless jerkin, breeches, hose, outdoor boots, and the oddly but somehow attractively short jacket that he’d never once worn before was exactly where it had always been.  Beside the selected outfit was the sphere of magic-made silver.
So this is it?  How does he know what I want to wear for this journey anyway?
Korsten dressed himself and was able to admit that he would have chosen to wear just what he had on after his bout of petulance, brought on by headache, subsided.  Gloom settled over irritability as he recalled some of the things spoken last night between himself and his mentor.
I hope you can forgive me, Ashwin, for making such a fool of myself.  I never knew how strongly you felt, but I think I’ve always known how much you miss Sharlotte, in spite of that.  What a terrible conflict you face within yourself.  And instead of making excuses and lame attempts to justify your actions, you remain virtuously alone, perhaps out of remorse for the way you weren’t virtuous when it would have made a difference to Sharlotte.  You spared me a lifetime and more of guilt last night, my mentor…spared us both, I should say…by turning me away.  I’ll thank you for that, and for everything else.  I don’t know where I’d be without you...or that bastard Merran.
As if cued by his thoughts, the Mage-Adept in mind knocked on the door just before entering.  “Are you ready for public display yet?” he asked.  And that was a bit too on the mark for Merran, even when he was in a foul mood, which was something that had taken Korsten many years to decipher from the man’s typically grave state.
Korsten watched him cross the room and help himself to a glass of wine—not Elder’s, thank the gods—recognizing at once that that was also not like Merran.  He stood and joined the other man at the small table that was partially occupied with books borrowed from the Seminary library.  He was actually surprised that anyone would even notice that he kept a bottle of wine there, least of all Merran, who never seemed to indulge.  “You’re acting a little strangely,” he noted directly, lowering himself into the chair he’d often spent long hours studying in, combing his fingers through his damp hair.  The untamable locks were just beginning to curl again as they dried.
“Am I?” Merran asked with meticulous simplicity.
Korsten’s dark eyes narrowed a bit.  All right.  If you don’t want to talk about it.  “What makes you think that I want to wear the same clothes day after day…the same white clothes…that are going to get road-sullied and…”
Rather than drink the small amount of wine Merran had poured for himself, he tossed it suddenly at Korsten, who gasped, utterly appalled, as it splashed over his white jerkin.  He prepared to scold his friend, but before his thoughts could fully form, the awful red stains proved not to stain at all.  As harmlessly as water drying, the wine vanished from his clothing.  Still shocked, but for an entirely different reason, Korsten could only stare up at Merran.
“Can you accept nothing without an argument first?” the other mage asked tonelessly.
“No...explanation was offered,” Korsten mentioned, unable to take his eyes off the places where stains should have been and weren’t.  “There was nothing to accept.”
“In that case, I’ll explain now,” Merran replied.  “Before a mage departs on a journey, a spell is cast upon his wardrobe, which is kept to one outfit for purposes of convenience and expedience.  The spell prohibits the material from becoming soiled, so that appearances and comfort are maintained.”
Bemused by this, Korsten could only ask, “Who casts such a spell?”
“You did,” Merran accused, and when Korsten stared up at him, somewhat dumbly, he added, “It is one of our unconscious spells, like the color we select for our clothing.  It comes with mental preparedness for a journey.  Although, considering the state of your mind this morning, I’m a little shocked to find the spell in place.”
“And if it wasn’t?” Korsten challenged.  
Merran elected not to answer him.  He said simply, “Lilende awaits.”
Korsten watched Merran leave, then stood and walked after him, coming back to the bed for his jacket and the sphere.  He elected to wear one and carry the other in the only place he could be sure he wouldn’t lose it; beneath the skin of his right hand.  And then, spontaneously, he found a thin chord for his hair and, recalling that it was summer and hot outside, tied it up.  When he realized he’d taken the time to look in the mirror, he quickly turned away and hurried after Merran.  After all the changes he’d undergone, how could vanity be the one trait that still clung to him so persistently?



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“The keep is manned by a half thousand soldiers,” Merran explained as he and Korsten departed from the Seminary with remarkably few supplies and made their way on horseback through the well-behaved city under its protection.  “It’s a fairly significant outpost”
“With only five hundred armed men?” Korsten questioned openly.
“With five hundred armed men, who still swear to serve none other than the King of Edrinor.”
“A dead man.”
“Spare your cynicism,” Merran said.  “These are Kingdom soldiers, not mercenaries.  Among those who broke away from the order and scattered, as much to protect it as to protect themselves, faith dwindles.  Morale is weak.  For that Morenne holds the advantage in every battle, as do the Vadryn.  At Lilende, however, belief in the restoration of Edrinor and the final extermination of demon kind is still strongly maintained.  These people believe in us, as much as they believed in the late King.”
“So they’ll believe what we have to say,” Korsten deduced.  He couldn’t restrain himself when he added, “At least we shouldn’t have to worry about you getting yourself arrested, then.”
“My point is that we can’t lose Lilende,” Merran continued, ignoring the comment.  “If Morenne indeed planted a spy there, it is because Lilende will soon be a target.  We must counter whatever their intentions are and make sure the army remains strong as a unit when the Morennish arrive to take the outpost.”
“That means ousting the demon,” Korsten concluded for him.
“If there is one,” Merran added.  “If not, we will at least have a mole to root out.  Regardless, both individuals will attempt to conceal themselves.  And that is where your talent comes in.”
“That skill is not Ambient, I’ll remind you.”
“And I’ll remind you that it does not have to be.  It is at Resonance.”
“You are in a very foul temper this morning,” Korsten told him, and decided not to say anything else to the other mage for the next several hours.

~

Vassenleigh dropped farther and farther behind them.  For the first several miles, the land spanning outward from the town and the soft mountains behind it was open, a long expanse of meadow with sparse collections of trees periodically interrupting the landscape.  It felt for a while like they were riding into an endless region of uninhabited terrain and as if they would forever be able to look back and see the highest towers of the Seminary, but Korsten soon learned that that was not so.  He couldn’t remember precisely when the Seminary had faded out of view, but the sun was setting when he chanced a last look over his shoulder and saw nothing but tall grass, a few out of place boulders, and dark green pockets of trees.  Green...it reminded him of Ashwin’s eyes, in a darker interpretation.
Somehow, I still feel as if you’re watching me, my mentor.  I fear I did not provide you with a very pleasant or respectable last image of your student.  If I apologized from here, I wonder, would you hear me?
“Are you tired?”
Korsten came out of his thoughts and turned around to face Merran looking back at him.  “Strangely, I’m not.  We’ve been riding for hours.  I should be utterly exhausted and sore everywhere I have feeling left.”
This seemed to surprise Merran a little as well.  “Endurance isn’t one of your gifts.  An individual’s will, I am often told, can overcome most anything.  Perhaps it is your dormant talent for Will trying to Emerge.”
“I don’t feel anything that different,” Korsten replied, beginning to feel a bit weary now that they were on the subject.  “I think perhaps I’ve just been too preoccupied to hear my body’s complaints.  Anyway, in spite of some changes to my way of thinking, I don’t believe that I’m all that adamant about my obligations to the Seminary just yet.”
“But you are driven, just the same,” Merran pointed out.  “You believe every step taken, no matter the route, is a step closer to accomplishing your personal goal.”
“Perhaps that’s true,” Korsten answered, letting his gaze stray from Merran.  Hearing it like that, Korsten felt suddenly selfish and utterly unfit to be here now.  In that moment, Analee let herself be seen, fluttering about his head at eye level, reminding him that she had chosen him.  Adrea had chosen him by passing a fragment of her soul and her Essence onto him.  Whether he wanted it or not, whether or not he was a selfish bastard infatuated with a failed love, he was a mage, and he belonged here.
Merran brought Erschal to an unhurried stop.  “We will rest here for a little while,” he decided when Korsten and Onyx halted as well.

~

It was dark and the ground was uneven—and they were supposed to be resting—yet Korsten felt compelled to walk about their informal camp on his hands and to perform various tumbles and springs.  It never occurred to him that he could cause himself serious injury, even as he balanced on the top of a narrow boulder on just his hands, with his legs splayed to either side of him.  He held them perfectly straight for several seconds, then proceeded to transform the pose into a handstand, slowly and deliberately.  His arms were not much larger than they ever had been, but Korsten could feel the strength in them that hadn’t been there when he first arrived at the Seminary.  The muscles in his legs were more solid as well, but still slender, like the rest of his body.  He had always been and would always be long and skinny.
“Always studying,” Merran commented from his loosely folded posture on the grass.  “Perhaps we should have packed books.  At least if you were reading, your body would be resting.”
“Not if I performed handstands above an open book,” Korsten said.
“And who would turn the pages for you?”
Korsten smiled at his companion a little as he lowered back down.  “You wouldn’t?”  When he was simply crouched on top of the boulders, arms draped across his bent knees, he added, “Perhaps I could balance well enough on one hand to turn the pages with the other.”
Smiling back at him, for the first time since that morning, Merran said, “I believe you could.”
Korsten’s own expression faded somewhat, and he leaned forward to place his chin on his folded arms.  “I feel that I owe you explanation.”
“For what?” Merran asked.  And maybe he didn’t have to ask.
After a moment’s careful thought, Korsten said, “You must admit that we have an unusual friendship, Merran.  We make love without actually loving…it is mutually decided and agreed upon…but does that mean that we can’t still hurt each other?”
“You’re difficult to follow sometimes,” Merran answered in a neutral tone.  
Korsten wondered how to explain what he was trying to say before the other mage decided to be a little more helpful.  
“Are you suggesting that it wounded me to find that you’d spent a night with Ashwin?”  Merran gave the question a moment to rest, then shrugged.  “Why should it?  We are rarely together.  You spend many nights alone, or with Renmyr Camirey in your heart, even when you are with me.  And Ashwin has spent the last three decades in obvious pursuit of your affections.  Why should it injure or surprise me when you finally end up in his bed?”
“You know that I wasn’t in his bed,” Korsten said, trying vainly to read into the other man’s placid expression and tone.  “And, if you’d like to know, I don’t believe I ever will be.”
“Because he loves you,” Merran presumed correctly.  When Korsten gave a slight nod, he added, “And I don’t.  I am your physician primarily, and also your friend.  Your health is my concern.  I will alleviate what pain I can, by whatever methods prove most effective.  I don’t expect loyalty from you beyond friendship and the fellowship that comes with serving the Seminary.  Sleep where you wish and with whomever you wish.  I will not be offended.”
Korsten simply watched the other man speaking, discerning nothing from his lips’ movement and his voice’s projection other than the words.  Merran had once again brought what Korsten would have considered a serious emotional issue down to a plain, clinical fact.  
Finally, he sighed.  “You’re right, Merran.  Ashwin loves me.  And you don’t.  You don’t even need me.  Perhaps I can get by without you as well.”  Korsten hopped down from his rock and decided to tend to Onyx, assuming they would soon be on their way again.
It was sooner than later, and Merran wore a small frown for much of their continued journey across land that was now darkened by full night, lit minimally by the small orbs of light each mage had cast into the air just ahead of their mounts.  Lantern was a universal spell, similar to Release, however unlike the spell for freeing a human spirit from the thrall of a demon, it was very easy to learn and to master.
What surprised Korsten, apart from his lack of weariness, was his lack of hunger.  They’d brought some food along with them, but not all that much.  Of course, what they had brought with them had been prepared with the unique flowers grown at the Seminary, edible to mages.  More potent amounts had been used, providing many days’ worth of nutrition in small portions.  Korsten and Merran had eaten that morning, but not since.  He wondered if they could even eat normal food anymore, or if each mage developed a dependency on the blood lilies, rather like the Vadryn had on human life energy.  He decided to ask Merran about it, since he couldn’t recall having come across a satisfactory explanation in any of his readings thus far.
“We are dependent on the blood lilies,” the other mage explained.  “But not as desperately as the Vadryn require the life essence they take from their victims.  For us, the blood provides a constant supply of magic, and while it does strengthen us and elevate our vitality, most importantly, it prolongs our lives.  In actuality, it halts the aging process.  For example, you came to the Seminary at the age of twenty-four.  You had your first taste of the blood lilies at that age, and that is the age you will remain at for the duration of your service as a mage at the Seminary.”
“And when a mage leaves the Seminary?” Korsten asked, thinking suddenly of Sharlotte and Lerissa.  He had a dreadful image of them suddenly old, maybe dead, except they wouldn’t have left knowing that would happen.  He was sure of that somehow.
Merran justified his sureness with his answer.  “When a mage leaves the Seminary or goes for an extended period of time without the blood lilies, he or she does not immediately take on all the years that were kept at bay.  Rather, they begin to age, as normally as they would have had they never come to the Seminary, from the age they were at when they arrived.”
“Oh,” Korsten said, with some relief.  “Well, Sharlotte and Lerissa were both very young, Lerissa especially.  Twenty-nine years isn’t...at least they should both still be alive.”
“When did we begin discussing Sharlotte and Lerissa?” Merran asked.
“I can’t help that I’ve been worried about them since they left,” Korsten said.  “Especially considering the circumstances of their departure.”
“Sharlotte would have left the Seminary, with or without your arrival.  And Lerissa would have gone with her.  Perhaps your coming to us as you did expedited the process, but it was inevitable all the same.”
“I’m not sure I like that word,” Korsten mentioned, not argumentatively.  “It seems an easy tool for escapists to latch onto.”
“I was of the impression that it was a term for realists.”
Korsten shook his head.  “Inevitability is a comfortable escape for people who don’t care for the pain that comes with truth.  They convince themselves that they had no hand or say in the matter, that whatever happened could not be stopped no matter what they personally did, and so blame can never be placed upon them.”
Merran looked at him for a moment, then said, “At any rate, Korsten, don’t expect them to come back, not at any time soon, if at all.”
“Why not?”
“Because exile was Sharlotte’s choice,” Merran explained, a bit more firmly than he had to.  “Her punishment…and a lenient one, I’ll add…for attempted murder.”  Before Korsten could utter even one syllable, Merran added, “I don’t want to hear any more about that.  You’re far too willing to place forgiveness where it is not due.”
This was on the verge of getting too personal, and they had yet a long journey to make together.  Best to spend that journey on friendly, speaking terms, Korsten thought, and promptly changed the subject.  “I haven’t traveled over distances for quite some time.  Should I be expecting the possibility of unpleasant occurrences between here and the outpost?”
“There is always the possibility,” Merran answered.  “So you should always expect it.”
Korsten nudged Onyx a little, bringing his smaller steed closer to Erschal.  “You remember the first time I encountered one of the Vadryn?”
“I’m sure I’ll never forget it.”
“Yes, well expect a similar reaction if I meet another one between here and Lilende.”
“And when we get to Lilende?”
Korsten’s lips curled vaguely upward.  “People will be watching then.  Appearances, you know.”
Finally, Merran relinquished something of a smile.  However, it faded quickly.  “Korsten, you’ve been at the Seminary for near thirty years.  You should know that the society you left beyond its walls remains.”
“You mean a lover of men would still not be particularly welcome.”
“Nor are mages,” Merran continued.  “Not in the city itself.  Among the soldiers at the outpost, however, we will find allies.”
“Allies to mages,” Korsten clarified, for his own benefit.
Merran glanced at him, allowing the shadows to briefly alter their pattern across his features, that were not anywhere near as delicate as Korsten’s were…as they had been from the start, let alone since he’d arrived at the Seminary.  Merran probably didn’t have to say what he said next, but undoubtedly he wanted to give fair warning.  “All men who ally to the same cause are not necessarily men of honor or men with tolerance.  Be on your guard, Korsten.  And there may be little point in saying this, but try not to attract too much attention to yourself.”

~

A few hours before dawn, Korsten and Merran stopped for actual sleep.  Their beds were simple pallets unrolled over the grass.  There was not a living soul—or a dead one, Korsten hoped—for miles, enabling them to risk sleeping simultaneously after Merran cast an invisible field around their modest camp that would become bright very suddenly if it were breached, presumably waking those asleep within it as well as startling any intruders.
“Is that a universal spell?” Korsten asked as he lay himself down several paces away from Merran, in spite of the various aches he would like to have gotten healed.  “It seems like it should be.”
“It is,” Merran answered.
“And why has it not come up during my studies?”
“There are many spells you have not been exposed to yet.  Ashwin was careful not to overwhelm you.  He taught you only what he felt you could master in the time he felt the Council would permit him before requesting that you be made an operative.  He knew that you would not be sent on an assignment by yourself and that it wouldn’t be necessary for you to be able to perform a Barrier spell.”
Korsten accepted the explanation that was given.  “Is it a difficult spell to master?”
“More so than others.”
“Is it-”
“Korsten, didn’t we stop to sleep?”
Taking the hint, Korsten positioned himself as comfortably as he could upon his rough blanket beneath a vastly open sky, and closed his eyes.  Before he attempted sleep, he thought to mention one last thing.  “Do you realize, I’ve never slept out of doors in my entire life?”
Merran elected not to answer him, or if he did, Korsten fell asleep before he could hear the words.

~

Korsten dreamt of a smallish demon prodding him just at the base of his back with a short dagger, and stirred suddenly awake to stop it.  His hand slapped harmlessly against Merran’s ankle as the other mage stood over him, prodding him lightly with the toe of his boot.  His very blue eyes were everywhere but on the body he was virtually stepping on, and Korsten decided to let him know that.  “There are perhaps better ways of-”
“Quiet,” Merran instructed, keeping his voice low enough to make Korsten instantly nervous.  “Listen.”
Korsten did as he was told, though he wished he knew what he was supposed to be listening for.  He didn’t hear a blessed thing.
“Do you hear that?” Merran asked in a moment.
“Hear what? Silence?”
The other mage crouched down and Korsten finally lifted himself to an upright position.  “Yes, silence,” Merran said.  “Not a bird, not a lingering cricket, not so much as the stirring of a breeze through the grass.  I noticed it last night as well, but overlooked it during our conversation.  This stillness is not natural.”
Korsten suddenly felt cold.  He thought of the stillness that had fallen over the Camirey manor that morning when... Gods, I’m not ready for this.  I’m not ready to face demons again.
“It’s a rogue,” Merran continued to whisper.  “I don’t believe it’s following us, but for it to have wandered this far out into the wilderness, it must have recently taken its host, else been warded off by one stronger than it.  It’ll be starving more than likely, and it won’t be long before it happens upon us.”
“Where would it have come from?”
“An isolated farmstead perhaps.”  Merran’s gaze darted in one direction, and then the next, lingering just long enough either way to quickly scan the horizon.
“Why wouldn’t it have stayed there?”  Korsten caught himself making a reach for Merran’s arm and drew his hand back without distracting the other man’s attention.
“As I said, it may have been warded off.”  Merran stood again.  “It may also be that it’s killed everyone there and has wandered in search of more nourishment.  Whatever lurks nearby may not even be the original demon, but merely a byproduct of its contagion.”
“I don’t see anything,” Korsten whispered, looking about himself.
“But you hear nothing,” Merran reminded.  “And the horses are beginning to get nervous.”
Korsten rose slowly to his feet, clutching his jacket closer to his body, feeling a terrible chill as memories played back on him.  Areld...Hedren...Markam...Ren...
A dull pain came to life at the base of his neck, where the carved seal and Renmyr’s kiss remained.  Even thirty years later, it had not healed.  It even bled a bit sometimes, and the seal would smolder and sting as it evidently fought back the darkness that was trying ceaselessly to break through it.  If it bled now there would be no stain upon Korsten’s collar to show it. 
“There’s no time for tracking it, but I suspect it will find us sooner or later, as we are the only living things foolish enough to linger.”
“This land is very open.  We should be able to see it when it arrives.”
“It will wait until darkness falls again,” Merran informed.  “Be alert.”
Korsten nodded in response to Merran as much as to assert to himself that he could do this.  He didn’t have to panic.  He’d faced demons before, and survived each encounter, however frightening or painful it was.

~

The day passed without event, as Merran and Korsten both suspected it would.  When night fell, Merran remained as grim and alert as ever, and Korsten began to feel ill at ease.  He didn’t like the idea that a starved beast was stalking them.  He didn’t like knowing that it would strike, that it was only a matter of time.  Oh yes, he missed the Seminary a great deal by now.  He missed the solitude, the library, the lessons with Ashwin...well, perhaps not the physical lessons.  Certainly not the brutal foil sessions, but maybe learning about his mentor’s true feelings wasn’t all that bad, nowhere near as disastrous as it could have been...and pleasant, certainly, to be touched like that by someone who cared as much as the Mage-Superior did.  I won’t ever let that happen again, Ashwin, and I’m sure you won’t either, but I don’t regret what I learned that night.  I am in love with Renmyr and always will be.  He is my heart’s dearest.  That can’t change, but knowing that I have a place in your heart helps me to manage the fact that what’s happened between myself and Renmyr also can’t be changed.  He’s given himself to darkness and when I save him, I don’t know that he’ll recover.  I don’t know that I’ll recover, but whatever is to happen, it starts with banishing the evil inside of him.  I thank you, Ashwin, for supporting me in this.
Korsten lingered in such thoughts long enough to lose track of time and to forget about the attack he and Merran were expecting until it was upon them.  The beast dashed through the grass, with the speed and deftness of a creature swimming through the shadowed depths.
“Korsten!” Merran called out, just as Onyx reared back.
Korsten held on and when his mount overcame the shock, stomping back down to the ground and struggling to turn about, he commanded the creature still with a firm hand and soothing voice.  He could hear the demon in the grass and knew well enough that Onyx could smell it.  The horse could sense its foulness and Korsten wasn’t so sure that he couldn’t also.  He remembered in that instant what Merran had said a while back about his gift enabling him to feel blood, how it ran in others.  If blood was indeed running through this creature’s veins, then it had veins and a heart pumping the blood along their course, and it wasn’t a true demon.  It was a poisoned soul or an inhabited one, something that would have to be burned or freed.  Its movement suggested animal.  Korsten was certain no human body could move so quickly on all fours and the grass was not tall enough to hide a person.  Perhaps a child, but still Korsten doubted it and he had to wonder if the Vadryn actually possessed animals, or if the thing in the grass was simply infected, having been fed upon out of desperation on the demon’s part.
“Do you see it?” Merran asked.
While searching, Korsten hollered back, “No!”
“Dismount and send the horses ahead!”
“Are you mad?  We’ll be up to our waist in worse darkness!”
“Do it!” Merran barked, sliding out of Erschal’s saddle, smacking the beast on the rump almost before he hit the ground.  “The horses have no protection.  They can be poisoned as well!”
Korsten did as he was told, driven more by Merran’s urgency than by any sense he was able to make out of the instructions.  Once Korsten was on the ground, Onyx was prompted physically to leave and obeyed eagerly.  The two mages stood in a sea of soft, shadowed blades, waiting in a sudden stillness.  Merran’s sword was out so Korsten decided to summon forth his own and was surprised at the level of his concentration in a moment such as this.
“Where is it?” Korsten wondered aloud.  “Did it follow the horses?” 
He received his answer when the grass rustled to his right and the darkness shifted too suddenly.  His reaction was automatic, panic perhaps or reflex ingrained after years of foil play, both at and prior to the Seminary.  He raised his sword to deflect the oncoming attack, to drive it back.  The blade was sharp and connected with flesh rather than steel.  It sliced through.  A solid, fleshy mass crumpled into the grass.
Korsten hastily worked a Lantern spell and peered through the overlong growth toward the earth.  The beast had four legs, a thin tail, barrel chest, and a long snout.  Its narrow head was crowned with two pointed ears and a tongue lolled out of its open maw.  The teeth appeared slightly longer than they should have been, particularly the fangs.  Its breathing was labored and it whined a bit, like a wounded dog.  It was a dog, one poisoned by the Vadryn.  A part of Korsten pitied it, especially as Merran set it afire and also set it howling in agony.
The black-clad mage looked at Korsten and said simply, “Better it than you.”
Korsten couldn’t help his reply, weak as it came out.  “Would you be referring to the screaming?”
Merran elected not to answer.  They let the fire burn nothing but the body the spell had targeted, then called the horses back and moved on.  It was several hours into morning before either of them spoke.
“Why can’t we protect the horses?” Korsten asked.
Merran answered with a question.  “Why can’t we protect ourselves?”
“Except with action?” Korsten added.  Then, “I see.  The horses can’t very well work spells or wield weapons.”
“The Vadryn aren’t usually attracted to animals,” the other mage explained.  “It is usually not a concern, however this beast was starving.  We still have a long way to go.  I’d rather not make the distance on foot.”
“And we can’t Reach without risk of alerting the demon we’re actually after,” Korsten presumed, correctly by the nod Merran issued in reply.  “How much farther to Lilende?”
“Four days’ travel,” Merran answered.  “By this evening we’ll be in Bersiene.”

~

At midday they came upon a road, and followed it into the sunset and into a small conglomeration of thatch and stone buildings.  The villagers were filing indoors in a quiet, unhurried fashion as darkness settled.  There was no look of torment upon them, not as a group or as individuals.  It appeared that somehow the Vadryn had overlooked these people, and Korsten had to wonder if the presence of mages would endanger them, considering the Vadryn’s natural attraction to magic.  Merran did not appear concerned, but then he rarely did, even if a situation was deserving of concern.
At some point they came to be walking Onyx and Erschal through the minor town and arrived at a three story structure resting peacefully at the edge of it.  The sign hung above the door labeled it the Hart and Lion Inn.  Even without words carved upon the wooden shield, the painting of a green hart and a white lion spoke clearly enough.
Merran announced that they would spend the night and Korsten didn’t argue.  It seemed quiet enough.  They placed the horses in the care of stable hands and proceeded indoors, where quiet took on new meaning.  Activity ceased when the mages entered the building.  Faces looked up from drinks and meals, conversations drew to sudden pauses, serving maids halted in the midst of hauling trays of food and ale to its designated tables, and all eyes were fixed with curiosity and a little suspicion on the two men standing at the entrance.  Both were striking in their way; Merran with his dark clothes and exceptionally blue eyes, and Korsten with his contrasting white attire and unearthly red hair.  It was understandable that the villagers would stare.  The pair of them must have made quite a spectacle.
“We seek boarding for the night,” Merran announced, aiming his words at a staunch fellow behind a long counter across the common room.  “Will you tell us if there is room here?”
“There’s room enough,” someone said.
And someone else added, “But no welcome for your like!”
“Best go back to the road!” came a third voice, followed by a mild uproar of encouragement.
The stable hands didn’t seem to have a problem, Korsten recalled.  But perhaps the fading light outside enabled them to overlook our appearance.  Oh well, I’m not all that tired or hungry anyway.
Korsten would have left without umbrage, but Merran failed to initiate their departure, and the man he was still making eye contact with suddenly called for silence from his patrons.  They complied with little delay, and the innkeeper said to Merran, “We don’t need trouble here, sir.  The last folk who came through here dressed as strange as you two brought the night hunters with ‘em.  Cost us some lives…children some of them.  We don’t want that again.  I’ll ask you to move on.”
“Night hunters?” Korsten asked out of the side of his mouth, scarcely raising his voice above a breath.  “The Vadryn?”  A glance at Merran’s grave expression gave Korsten his answer and the way he didn’t move suggested that he was not only set on a night of rest, but that he didn’t want to confirm that they were mages before these people, who evidently distrusted them.  It made sense.  Distrust often equated into dislike and an unpleasant encounter down the road with a pack of townsmen seeking revenge for past wrongs was nothing Korsten looked forward to.
A necessary lack of serious contemplation preceded Korsten’s stepping forward and addressing the room’s worth of concerned villagers.  He put excess grace into his movement, presenting himself as at least three times the spectacle he already was.  “I’m not certain what you take us for, good people of Bersiene, but I cannot help but to believe that this confusion might have been avoided were it not for my companion’s lack of introduction.”  With plenty of space at the inn’s entrance, Korsten carted himself gently forward, standing briefly on his hands before dropping back onto his feet and into a courtly bow.  “We are merely performers, strayed from our troupe after a careless night’s indulgence.  We hoped to find our companions here, but as they are not, we will be moving on.”  Straightening, Korsten summoned the silver sphere from his palm without giving it further shape and began to play with it, rolling it over his fingers, tossing it into the air behind him and kicking it back with his heel.  He could see that he had the attention of everyone in the room and so kept up his performance as he spoke.  “We can depart now, if you wish it, but surely one evening’s entertainment for you and hospitality for us wouldn’t cause too much of a disruption.”  Catching the sphere a last time, he closed it in his right fist, then opened the hand again to display its emptiness.  He gave a nearby barmaid one of his best smiles, adding, “Or perhaps it would.”
The young woman colored spectacularly at the suggestions his voice and expression seemed to make.  Smiling embarrassedly, she decided to hand out the ales on her tray, which prompted the people receiving them to drink.  Gradually, activity spread from one table to the next and a state of normalcy returned to the room.
Merran came up beside him, speaking discreetly as attention yet lingered on them.  “I’m not sure what you meant by entertainment, but I hope you’re prepared for a solo act.”
Just as quietly, still smiling at his earned audience, Korsten said, “Bastard.”

~

The night consisted of contortionist feats, acrobatic displays, theatrically toying with the silver sphere, and abundant flirting.  Korsten was thoroughly exhausted and quite overheated when it came time—whether his audience wished it or not—for a break.
“Well, you’ve certainly won them,” Merran commented as Korsten seated himself at the table the other mage had been haunting the whole while.
“Yes, well I think it’s your turn to promote good will, my friend,” Korsten replied, accepting the tumbler of frothy ale one of the barmaids placed before him.  “Can’t you tell them a dismal tale or something?”
“You’ve transformed a great deal in the time since I met you.”
“I’ve transformed a great deal in the time since I’ve met myself,” Korsten returned.  “The child I knew never would have performed anything more than a disappearing act before an audience comprised entirely of family, let alone strangers.  I don’t know what’s come over me, except that you seemed a little too interested in staying and typically lacked diplomatic flair.”
“It is recommended that even we seek proper rest and nourishment from time to time.”
“Is it?  Well, I wouldn’t know anything about that at the moment.”
Merran gave him a very little smile, opting not to continue their discussion as another young woman arrived at the table and began massaging Korsten’s shoulders, exposed now as he’d long ago abandoned his jacket.  Her hands weren’t lacking skill, but Korsten could think of who he’d rather have attending to him, soothing more than his aching muscles.  Not this trip, Korsten thought, studying his fellow mage.  Perhaps not ever again.  He’s trying to be helpful, I know, but it’s irresponsible of me all the same, and an undeserved way out of feeling the pain I’ve brought upon myself.  He’s right, though; this acting isn’t me.  I’d rather be somewhere silent.  I’d rather be...
Korsten turned one arm over and examined the faint discolored line drawn upon his pale skin, just one of the scars Renmyr had given him.  The barmaid behind his chair began to speak and he quickly rolled the scar out of view.  She began to comment on how well put together Korsten happened to be and he pretended to be flattered as well as interested.  He wasn’t prepared for her to drop into his lap and begin shamelessly kissing him, but he thought it best to let her for now.  Much later he even let her accompany him to his room and into his bed, where intimate activities began but were never finished.  Long before circumstances became critical, Korsten pretended to pass out drunk.  His hopeful lover tried numerous tactics for bringing him back around, but eventually resigned herself to the fact that she would be getting no more attention from her pretty stranger.  She slept in his bed since she was there, but left him early and, judging by the looks he received and comments he overheard before he and Merran left the following morning, the young lady fashioned her own story of just what went on in the night.  A very colorful one, from the sound and look of things.
Two chattering ladies said something about ‘six times’ while casting conspicuous glances at the redhead walking past them and Korsten felt more than a little embarrassed.  Fortunately, he’d never been prone to blushing.  He rarely blushed for anyone...unless drunk.  He had turned red on a number of occasions for Renmyr, who he still loved deeply, in spite of the years that marked their separation.  Of course, time felt different to him now.  He scarcely felt a week older than he had been upon leaving Haddowyn and becoming a mage.  His body and mind both remained young and his memories of Renmyr were still vivid.  All of them.
“What happened back there?” Korsten asked seriously, once he and Merran were on their way again, taking the road out of Bersiene, directly toward Lilende.
“That village had its turn playing with demons near a decade ago,” the other mage answered, evidently having gathered information while Korsten busied himself with being a fool before an audience.  At least Merran had found something useful to do besides observe.  “It was freed and many lives were spared, but the people only remember the damage, as is so often the case.  There are times when even successes count as defeats.”
“Perhaps too many,” Korsten said delicately.  He offered a space of silence before saying, “The Vadryn truly are a plague.  I’m beginning to think that the explanation of what happened in Vassenleigh was no lie after all, or even a cryptically worded truth, but plain fact.  Disease claimed that town, and now it would claim all of Edrinor.”
“Not all of Edrinor,” Merran corrected.  “Not so long as even one mage endeavors to stop it.”
“That sounds like Ashwin’s optimism,” Korsten commented.
And Merran said accurately, “ Ashwin is a source of inspiration to many of us.”



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

The landscape was changing a few hours before sunset on the third day since leaving Bersiene.  The lush grasslands were becoming home to more trees and other vegetation, gradually forming a forest around the travelers, whose only concern was that it would be darker come nightfall with a canopy to block out the moon.  The road continued on, wending through the darkening woods.  Lantern spells became necessary in order to discern the path and casting light only cast more shadows, blind patches that invoked the imagination, allowing Korsten to see demons peering back at him.  His resolve was not what Merran’s was, not anywhere near it.  He felt increasingly apprehensive as they moved along, which was the same as drawing cuts upon his flesh.  The Vadryn could smell his fear and track it, as if it were blood.  He feared that he would be of no use to his companion on this mission.  Reacting favorably, and on instinct, to one attack did not guarantee that he wouldn’t panic with the next.  He was going to get them both killed.
Merran, who’d been pacing him as they moved slowly through the forest, reined in suddenly, prompting Korsten to do the same.  Before he could ask the other mage what the trouble was, Merran reached out and touched Korsten’s arm.  In the silence that followed their first contact in days, Merran lifted his hand to Korsten’s face, gently tracing the delicate shape of his cheek.  Their skin was touching now, forcing Korsten to be calm through the other man’s magic.
“There is nothing here, but us,” Merran told him, adding patiently, “Relax.”
Korsten did, mostly because he didn’t have a choice, and he closed his eyes as well, leaning helplessly into the other man’s healing touch.  “I can’t help being afraid of them.”  He turned his face a little, feeling a stirring in him.  Just before he kissed the hand touching him, Merran pulled away.
“Trust yourself,” his friend said.  “You are needed.”
Korsten opened his eyes, and looked away, feeling a little embarrassed.  “I’m terrified of what we may find at Lilende.  I won’t lie about that...but I want to help in this.  I want to be a part of this war...because Renmyr is.  Perhaps that’s the wrong motivation.”
“It’s motivation,” Merran replied noncommittally.  “That will have to be enough, for now.  Besides, that way of thinking has brought you this far.”
Still without looking at him, Korsten touched Merran’s wrist without touching his skin and squeezed it gently before letting go.  “Thank you for your understanding,” he said and started forward again.
Merran followed suit.  Neither of them said anything more for a long time.  And then it started to rain.  Korsten washed away the tears that streaked his face by tilting back his head.  He laughed a little when it began pouring, then found himself thoroughly amused when he looked back at Merran and saw him drenched.
“You should have a look at yourself,” the dark-clad mage grumbled.
Korsten stopped laughing and pushed back some of the hair that was suddenly weighing in front of his face, the curl completely gone, stretching it nearly to his chin.  The rest of his hair hung down with even less grace and he imagined that he did look quite dreadful.
“I see that vanity is still your strongest suit,” Merran commented, smirking enough to make Korsten glare at him, though not with any real enthusiasm.
“And you’re still as smug as ever.  We’ll see how amused both of us are when we’re sick with chill.”
“We’ll be fine,” Merran declared with annoying certainty.  While Korsten continued to glare at him, he added, “I’m sure you read how nourishment from the blood lilies improves our constitutions.”
Giving his gaze back to the darkened road ahead of them, Korsten said, “I must have overlooked it.”  Suddenly he was eager to get back to Vassenleigh, to the library, where he could reread the manuscripts and ask Ashwin to open new ones in warmth and solitude.
Warmth and solitude...Ashwin could be that by himself, when he wasn’t in a mood for teaching harsh lessons.  Renmyr had provided such shelter once.  He could be very loving...it seemed sometimes.

~

“This house feels empty,” Renmyr commented, hesitating in the foyer as he realized that it wasn’t Markam who’d granted him entrance.  “More empty than usual.  I know you keep the smallest staff of any noble in Haddowyn, maybe all of Edrinor, but the servants are usually out where everyone can see them.”
Korsten chuckled on his way toward the main room, where he’d recently been enjoying a quiet read in front of its hearth that was much larger than those in any of the other rooms.  He was dressed simply in a shirt and breeches, and in his stocking feet.  To be honest, he hadn’t been expecting company on this particular winter day, but Ren was always welcome.  “Markam, Donnel, and Penna all have family,” Korsten explained.  “I always give them Solstice off, since I spend most of the day and evening at the manor.  I decided to give them the evening before as well.”
Korsten lowered himself back down onto the pillows he’d spread across the floor in front of the hearth, prepared to resume his reading, assuming Renmyr would help himself to a drink to warm him up.  He was pleasantly surprised when his lover lay down beside him instead, his pose mirroring Korsten’s, who lay on his stomach, propped on his elbows.
“What are we reading?” Renmyr decided to ask, as if genuinely interested.
Korsten was more than willing to satisfy the other man’s curiosity.  “A history of...”
Renmyr slowly closed the book and pushed it away.  While Korsten just looked at him, he smiled a little, and said, “Am I the only one who recognizes a very rare opportunity?  I could kiss you right here, in the middle of the day, in the main room of your house, and no one would be any the wiser.”
“Wouldn’t they?” Korsten asked, smiling now himself.  He shifted onto his side, resting his face against a loose fist.  “What if someone saw you come here, and knew that I’d sent the servants away?  Wouldn’t they begin to wonder if you stay too long?”
“They should already wonder that I made the trip here to begin with in such unfavorable weather.  Have you seen how fast the snow is coming down?”
“You were hoping to get stranded here,” Korsten replied knowingly.
“Yes,” Renmyr admitted.  “And I was hoping to steal into your room for a few hours during the night.”
“And now we have the entire house to ourselves,” Korsten observed needlessly, then closed his eyes when Renmyr came forward to kiss him.
“I hardly know where to begin,” Renmyr said, setting his hand on Korsten’s waist, engaging his mouth again while that hand drifted over Korsten’s hip.  Korsten leaned toward his lover, who drew his leg to him and over him in such a way that Renmyr’s hip settled against his groin.  Still kissing him, Renmyr began to move against Korsten, successfully taking his breath from him.
Korsten put space between their mouths so that he could breathe, but remained close with one hand on Renmyr’s neck, feeling his heated pulse while he continued to stimulate with his steady movement.  Korsten became aware of small sounds emitting from his throat.  Renmyr’s hand held him in place for a few moments more, then gently rolled him onto his back.
“We can do this now,” Korsten whispered, gazing softly up at Renmyr.  “And you can stay the night, but you can’t be in my bed come daylight.  I fear it will spoil what we have, knowing what it’s like to have you that completely.”
Renmyr didn’t answer.  He rose to undress himself.  Korsten watched him for a moment, then sat up and stripped out of his own clothing.  Even as close to the hearth as he happened to be, he still felt a chill against his bare skin and was glad when Renmyr lowered again beside him, heating him just with his nearness.
“We’ll be in separate beds come morning,” Renmyr finally said, touching Korsten with his eyes before finally lifting a hand to his face.  “But until then we have all day and all this night to lie with each other.  Time enough for me to do more than love you.”  He leaned close, kissing Korsten very softly.  Then he whispered, “I want to hold you without the worry that someone may discover us.  I want you to lay peacefully in my arms, knowing that there is no rush to separate.”  Korsten’s eyes very suddenly warmed with tears, and Renmyr said gently, “I love you, Kor.  Someday I’ll prove to you just how much.”

~

Korsten sighed unhappily as he came out of his memories.  I knew your feelings, Ren.  I didn’t require any proof.  And what you have shown me isn’t proof of love, but evidence of madness.  I can’t blame you, Ren, for what’s controlling you, but I can blame you for allowing it to.  And I do.  You knew better.  If you’d have come to me, I would have reminded you of that.  But you never shared your plans.  You simply acted on them.  And now look at us...enemies?  Are we, Ren?  I could never hurt you.  I would have thought once that you could never hurt me, but...the beast in you would have killed me that night I returned to Haddowyn.  You walked away and were going to let me die, alone.  Damn you, Ren.
Tears were threatening to form.  Korsten decided to give his attention to his immediate surroundings, noting that dawn was breaking, casting the woods in a gray mist after the night’s rain.  Very soon the gray mist was joined by gray stone, the neatly stacked, thatch-topped buildings of Lilende, a small city hidden in a woods.  Korsten thought he heard a river nearby.  Merran confirmed it with words.
“The Bizan River lies just to the north of town,” the darker mage was saying.  “The keep sits on a cliff that overlooks it.  The road gets steep and in adverse weather the ride can be treacherous.”
Korsten looked up at the glimpses of sky visible through the heavy forest canopy.  “It may rain again.”
Merran nodded.  “We’ll rest indoors until nightfall.  If the weather’s clear and it hasn’t rained enough to make the road treacherous, we’ll make our way to the keep then.”
Korsten agreed with a nod of his own and let his friend lead him to their temporary shelter, which turned out to be an overcrowded tavern with all the seediness of Brenwick’s, but none of the homey appeal.  Because this isn’t home, Korsten told himself as they made a selective path through the crowd toward a distant unoccupied corner table.  Leave it to Merran to select the farthest seat from the front door and fresher air than what I’m trying not to swallow now.  At least everyone looks too busy drinking themselves silly to notice us.  After nearly an hour of sitting in Merran’s remote corner, Korsten began to wonder if his last thought didn’t include the barmaids as well.  He didn’t know if he was actually hungry, but he wouldn’t be opposed to a little drink about now.
It was then, as if reading Korsten’s thoughts, that a sturdy-looking lass of about seventeen or eighteen arrived at their table.  She was actually rather small of frame, but wiry like tavern wenches usually weren’t and tough in tone as well as expression.  “You boys look about soaked through,” she said, letting her greenish eyes stick longest on Korsten.  There seemed no admiration there.  Perhaps curiosity and maybe a little pity as well, which inspired Korsten to organize himself…to attempt it at any rate.  Still watching him, the young woman with sun-darkened skin and dark brown hair added, “Wouldn’t you prefer a place nearer to the fire?”
“We’re fine here,” Merran said, managing to draw her gaze away from Korsten.
“All right,” the girl agreed easily.  “Do you want anything?  About all I can offer you is Osley’s ale and his stew, one aged a hell of a lot better than the other.”
Korsten and Merran exchanged glances and each decided on an ale.  The girl left with no promises that she would be back anytime soon.  Odd, but refreshing.  Korsten had long ago had his fill of women like Calla or the maid in Bersiene, all too eager to offer themselves along with the ale.  Not that this poor girl would have had much success being taken even after a long night drinking.  She wasn’t ugly, but she was extremely rigid, unsmiling, and not particularly inviting.  Korsten couldn’t blame her for that.  He personally didn’t know how any woman could stomach much less enjoy being violated by every word, gaze, and hand that passed in her direction under circumstances like these.  The atmosphere was positively vile.
“From here on we must be constantly on our guard,” Merran said, as if to point out that Korsten was not.  “There may be a demon here, but even if there isn’t, there is an enemy.”
Korsten leaned forward, bracing his elbow upon the edge of the table and placing his chin in his hand.  Smiling faintly, he said to his colleague, “Let’s try not to make that enemy the local constable.”
Merran scarcely glanced at him, giving his very blue eyes to the individuals crowded into the close, untidy space that was the tavern.  “Circumstances here are not at all like they were in Haddowyn.”
Korsten sighed, mostly to himself.  “No, I expect they’re not.”  You’re not here, Renmyr.  In spite of everything, I can’t help wishing that you were.  How could anyone have bound another so completely?  So utterly that betrayal and attempted murder wouldn’t even bring them around and make them see the truth?  And the truth is…is it that you don’t...that you never...
Korsten lowered his gaze to the table and stared at the rough wood for a long time silently, allowing Merran to be on guard for both of them.  It wasn’t intentional, but he couldn’t help himself dwelling on the circumstances, on the very individual, that set him on his current path.  He couldn’t say where it was headed, except away from the home he knew and the person he loved, so very dearly.  He would never love like that again.  Thank the gods Merran didn’t expect him to.  It was difficult enough bearing the weight of Ashwin’s ancient heart.  If only the Mage-Superior hadn’t let it drop at Korsten’s feet just before the start of this journey.
A glass suddenly slammed onto the table in front of Korsten, nearly making him jump.  He blinked and looked up at the homely serving girl, who said, “Here’re your ales.  Sure you’re not hungry at all?  Last time I’m askin’.”
Korsten shook his head.  “Nothing else for me, thank you.”
The young woman fixed him with her strangely curious stare again, taking it away when Merran dismissed her.
“I find it very odd,” Korsten eventually said.  “The way she was looking at me.”
“You think it has to do with more than your abundant gifts?”
Though it was difficult to tell whether or not Merran was teasing, Korsten answered seriously.  “That wasn’t attraction.  She looked at me as if she knows something about me that even I don’t.  Something not pleasant.”  He let his gaze wander into the crowd, in search of the girl.  “It chills me, now that I think about it.”
“Stop thinking about it,” Merran instructed.  “Our trouble awaits us at the keep.”
“Maybe she knows something about the keep.”
“She looks as if she’s more accustomed to the kitchen than the common room,” Merran said.  “I wouldn’t exclude the notion entirely, however I doubt she’s meaning to share whatever she may have heard her employer grumbling about with us.  More than likely she saw an unusually pretty and half drowned man sitting in front of her and didn’t know what to make of him.”  Merran looked at him, adding, “I still have difficulty with it myself sometimes.”
And to that, Korsten said sweetly, “Bastard.”
A lengthy silence spanned between them after that.  A silence during which Korsten observed the people around him and observed also the fact that they were remarkably uninterested in him.  All except that girl.  What was she seeing when she looked at me that way?  A mage?  Does she believe in such things, like I didn’t when I first encountered Merran?  No.  She’s too young.  Talk of mages had all but ceased thirty years ago and talk of the Vadryn, too.  That was why I had such difficulty believing Merran’s story.  Now the Vadryn must surely have been pure fairytale to those not actively involved in the war against them.  But then, I haven’t been actively involved.  I’ve been a student, ensconced in a different library, but shut in from the world yet again, just as I always have been.  Perhaps things have gotten worse.  Perhaps word of the unspeakable horrors that took place in Haddowyn, in the very home of the ruling lord, spread all over Edrinor, inspiring new stories of demons and new beliefs in them as well.  There may have been other incidents as well, other murders without witnesses or satisfactory explanations.  Disappearances, like Seryline Rolce.
“It’s been quiet outside,” Merran noted.  “No heavy rain.  No thunder to announce one coming.  The road shouldn’t be a problem for us come nightfall.”
“Why then?” Korsten asked.  “Will anyone be expecting us to arrive after dark?”
“An old acquaintance is going to grant us entrance through the rarely used eastern gate.  Once inside, we’ll be introduced to Captain Grisch, who may or may not be pleased to see us.  From then on our investigation officially begins and we may not see much of each other throughout it.  The keep is large and the troops many in comparison to only two mages.  It will be necessary to divide our efforts in order to quickly determine the nature of the existing problem.  Be careful who you trust, Korsten, and refrain from casting spells unless it is absolutely necessary.  Remember magic attracts the Vadryn.  We don’t want the creature coming to us on its terms.  Once we know where it is, who it may be possessing, then we’ll act.”
“What about the mole?”
“The troops will think we’re present to assist in any military confrontation presented to the outpost.  What they’ve heard of a possible spy or a demon is purely rumor at this stage.  It is not in our interest to confirm those rumors, whether true or not.  What we reveal to the soldiers will undoubtedly be revealed to our enemy.  Our true agenda must be kept secret.”  Merran let his haunted eyes put the severity into his quiet words.  Korsten felt the weight on him increasing with each one.  “I know you’ve studied history in depth.  You understand the etiquette and the patience required during times of war.”
“Yes,” Korsten answered, and Merran elected to explain anyway.
“We’ve only just been made aware of the possibility of an enemy hiding here.  It may be months or even years before the individual decides to act.  There is no telling how long they’ve been instructed to wait or how much information they were told to gather, how many rumors they were told to spread to disquiet the soldiers.  Watch every action made in your presence.  Listen to every word uttered.  We must not let this outpost fall.  We must not let them take it from within.”
“I understand,” Korsten said attentively.  In a moment, he added, “I know that Ashwin and others at the Seminary are depending on me now, just as they have always depended on you.  I won’t disappoint them, Merran...or you.”
Merran’s expression softened.  He reached discreetly across the table, as if for his drink.  He touched Korsten’s hand and squeezed gently before taking up his glass.  Korsten gave no special notice to the gesture, no matter how appreciated it was.  He understood that they had other secrets to keep than simply their agenda.

~

The weather remained favorable throughout the evening and well into the night as Korsten and Merran made their passage along the steep road leading to the outpost overlooking Lilende.  It seemed in a strategically sound location, considering its elevation and the river.  An invading army would definitely have the disadvantage.  Placing a mole made sense.  Letting onto the fact didn’t.  Korsten had to wonder who suspected a spy first and why such suspicions weren’t brought directly to his superior, rather than whispered to a fellow soldier, enabling rumors to spread that he must have known would disturb the unity of the troops residing here.  Or perhaps he did go to his superior and the captain dismissed him and his findings.  Just because Grisch was appointed to command these men didn’t mean that he was competent.  And who was this acquaintance of Merran’s?  The same individual who took it upon himself to notify the Seminary perhaps?
“The outpost has been expecting an attack from Morenne for some time,” Merran explained when Korsten asked him about it.  “The Council has been keeping track of this situation as well and knew that it was time to send assistance.  At some point during the communication between Ashwin and Captain Grisch, it was mentioned that there have been unpleasant rumors spreading amongst the soldiers and that Ashwin hasten the dispatch of an emissary or two, as this had all the signs of treachery from within and the Morennish army would likely be upon the outpost soon.  It was Ashwin’s determination that the Vadryn might be involved, spreading rumors to promote fear, to incite disorder and ensure the success of an attack, if not from Morenne, then from the Vadryn themselves.”
“It disturbs me to think that they can be so calculating,” Korsten said.  “Murdering beasts, barely above animals...plotting battle strategies.  They’ll wage war in bodies not their own, bodies they’ve stolen, like a destitute urchin steals clothes.  They are deprived of form…deprived of flesh, so they’ll take from those who do have.  They veil themselves in our brothers and sisters, parents and children...friends and lovers.  And what can we do against them?”
“We can fight,” Merran said quietly.
“It’s madness,” Korsten continued, unaware of the redness rimming his eyes until he felt the sting of tears in them.  “We fight ourselves...the people we love.  How many people have you actually freed, Merran?”
“Korsten...”
“How many?” he insisted, knowing that it was fear rising in him as much as it was sadness.  “How many wound up like poor Markam, and Areld...and Renmyr?”
Merran frowned at him.  “This is not the time nor is it the place for this tired conversation.  You’ve come this far, Korsten.  Get control of yourself.  Get control of your fear, or leave here and now.  I’ll shield you long enough to perform a Reach back to the Seminary.  Is that what you want?”
Feeling like a scolded child, Korsten managed to shake his head.  He couldn’t halt the tears, though, and he didn’t try to hide the fact that he was shedding them.  Gods, I’m not ready for this.  I’ve been kept safe from demons for too long.  Perhaps I’ve taken advantage of Ashwin’s patience and the shelter that comes with it.  This is Haddowyn again.  This is madness.  But the Seminary doesn’t have any use for a coward.  I can’t hide in the library anymore and if I can’t face this, how will I ever be able to face Renmyr again, or the demon he’s become?  Merran’s right, damn him.  I have to take control.  It may cost both our lives if I don’t.  I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I abandoned Merran here, possibly to his death.  Two mages are required here, or two would not have been sent.  If Ashwin didn’t think I was ready, he wouldn’t have sent me.
“Korsten...”
“Leave me alone,” he snapped at Merran, shying away from the touch his friend tried to lay on him, and the soothing magic that might have come with it.  “You’re just as much to blame for my weakness as I am.  Stop trying to comfort me!  I’ll deal with this in my own way…in my own time.”  He forced composure in the next moment, adding quietly, “I’ll deal with it, Merran.  I want to deal with it.  Please, let me.”
Merran withdrew and said nothing more.  The silence that carried them the rest of the way to the keep was heavy, suffocating almost, but Korsten managed and by the time they reached their destination along the eastern wall of a massive structure of stone and iron, all trace of tears had vanished.  Korsten was calm and attentive when a tall, big-boned figure arrived at the gate to let them in.
“It’s late,” the man said beneath lantern light.  He held the object up with one hand, using the other to unlock the gate while inspecting the two mages.  There was a smile behind his grizzled black beard and a gleam of relief and trust in his dark eyes.  “I was expecting you a little sooner.  You haven’t changed at all, Merran.  Not surprising.  I’ve never seen your friend before, though.”
“This is Mage-Adept Korsten,” Merran introduced as the gate came open.  “He possesses a rare talent which Lord Ashwin hopes will benefit our efforts here a great deal.”
“You’re welcome here, sir,” the man said, then offered the name Lars.  As it turned out, he was a veteran soldier at the outpost, not ranked for the same reason that many qualified men weren’t; a lack of wealth and title.  Korsten didn’t used to despise that prerequisite quite so much as he was coming to now.  Fortunately, Lars’ lack of rank had not deprived him of the respect his years of loyalty and service to the throne of Edrinor—whether actively occupied or not—had earned him.  He was treated as if he had rank, given duties that included supervising over the barracks and sitting in on important meetings, such as tonight’s.  After leading Korsten and Merran to Captain Grisch’s study, Lars did not retreat.  After the mages had been invited to take a place at the table centered in the wide, carpeted room, the aging soldier seated himself as well.
Captain Grisch was no youngster, but he was a long way from old.  That was obvious, in spite of the trim beard and mustache he may have hoped would hide the youth in his features.  He was obviously the product of very fine breeding, something Korsten could relate to, and a man who believed sternly in discipline and keeping things ordered, something Korsten had known too much of during his childhood in Cenily.  His eyes were blue, though not nearly as bright as Merran’s, and doing a fine job scrutinizing the two mages seated before him.  From his chair at the head of the table, he put on the appearance of being relaxed and utterly in control.  His uniform—perhaps a less formal interpretation of it—consisted of a gray tunic over a white shirt with soft leather breeches and tall, dark brown boots to match.  He looked rather striking in his collected pose, with his trim blond hair, fine-boned features, and intelligent gaze.  He looked rather too striking, and not at all like the kind of man who was going to stand at the head of his troops when the Vadryn attacked.  He was going to be at the back, issuing orders, and perhaps that was the wisest place for any leader, but Korsten couldn’t help that he had come hoping to find a hero, who was going to take it personally that demons or even the Morennish people threatened his outpost and the town beneath it.
“As we all know, war is upon this land,” Grisch was saying.  “Regardless of what is discovered here, the Morennish army will come and they will attempt to take this outpost.  I realize that Lord Ashwin sent you to us as investigators, but I also know that he would not have sent you for that purpose alone.  Morenne has magic users of its own.  I will need mages to counter them and to assist in strategies.”  No one contradicted him, so he added firmly, “You are here, under my command, to assist me in readying this place and these troops for battle.  Are we in agreement?”
Merran nodded once and Grisch’s blue gaze shot in Korsten’s direction.
“I understand my responsibilities here,” Korsten decided to say, after casting a glance toward Merran.
Grisch’s eyes lingered on him a moment, then he stood and looked at Lars.  “Show them to their rooms, please.”  To Merran and Korsten, he said, “You must be weary from your journey.”
Korsten and the others stood on cue.  Merran issued thanks to their hosts and no further words were exchanged.  The two mages followed their guide out of the room.
“Well, that was brief,” Korsten commented once they were in the passage beyond Grisch’s study.  “I’m not so sure that he appreciates our company.”
“He has endured a lot of stress since inheriting his position from our previous captain,” Lars offered.  “And many of these young troops have never dealt directly with mages.  Circumstances are tense enough with the rumors of betrayal and evil living here with us.  Your arrival adds another layer to the mystery.  As you must know, you are not ordinary men to these soldiers, not in appearance or in stories told about you.”
Korsten was curious immediately.  “Stories told about us?”
“The Seminary is legendary and a source of much wonder to anyone raised under the awareness that it exists.  The men and women who serve there—who live there for centuries upon centuries without aging—are equally curious to us.  Lord Ashwin could be the very Father of Heaven, for all we know.  There are several who would…who do believe that he is.  To those people, the rest of you mages could be gods as well, and that fascinates them.  Unfortunately, it makes some of them nervous and there are those who harbor some resentment toward you as well.  Why can’t you use your fantastic powers to end this chaos, they wonder?  Why couldn’t your Lord Ashwin save their homes, their fathers and mothers?  This war has gone on for far too long.  Hope has become a precious commodity in these times.”
“You make it sound worse even than it was,” Merran said quietly, respectfully, Korsten believed.
“The borderlands have become more dangerous,” Lars continued.  “The battles are quick and brutal.  Morenne gains two steps for every one we lose.  They will overtake us, Merran.  It is only a matter of time.”
“You can’t believe that, Lars,” Merran told him.  “You can’t let others believe that.”
“It is difficult to think otherwise for those of us who still have only one lifetime, my friend.”
“It is difficult for those of us who have several,” Korsten offered with a small smile.  He was surprised when Lars smiled at him in return.  The expression was only half-hearted, but it was there just the same.  Satisfied with that, Korsten gave a good look at the utilitarian corridor they were being led down.  “Well, I hope that the rooms have better lighting than this, and better decor as well.  War is no excuse for a lack of comfort.”

~

Korsten discovered rather quickly that the rooms did lack comfort.  They lacked the level of comfort he had always been used to, from his childhood in Cenily to his magehood in Vassenleigh.  They weren’t unlivable, though.  His own room, three doors down from Merran’s, had two narrow windows flanking a third that was just wide enough for him to sit in and look out at the torch lit yards and walls radiating outward from the central tower where much of the living space was located.  The barracks were below.  That made Korsten think of the soldiers, and their misconception of mages.  We are only people, and we’ve suffered the same losses as you.  The only difference is that we will remember those losses longer.
Turning over his wrist, Korsten looked at one of the scars Renmyr had given him.  The moonlight illuminated the discolored line upon his fair skin even better than sun or firelight.  Seeing the wound this clearly made it hurt again and brought tears to his eyes.  They were countered with the merest smile when Analee made her presence known by lighting upon his wrist.  “My dear, I’d almost forgotten you.”  The crimson butterfly fanned her wings outward and otherwise sat very still upon his skin.  Somehow so simple a gesture uplifted his spirits, even if only a little.  “You must speak to me like this more often.  I know it’s the only way you can, and when you don’t I feel foolishly alone.  I know you’ll never leave me, but humor me please, darling Analee.  I’m not as strong as you are.  I don’t believe I ever will be.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Morning brought rain, again.  After more than an hour of slow stretching and walking about his room on his hands, Korsten braved the outside world.  A visit to Merran’s room let him know that his fellow mage had gotten up before him and found somewhere else to be.  Korsten decided to give himself a tour of the keep, beginning with the residential area.  He found nothing of interest until he was back at Captain Grisch’s study.  The youngish commander looked up from his morning meal when he noticed the redhead leaned casually in the doorway, smiling at him a little.  Korsten thought he was being polite, but the expression worn by Grisch suggested he may have appeared somehow smug.
“Looking for your colleague?” Grisch asked, making it sound more like Merran was his cohort in something wicked.  It was fast becoming apparent that the man was not particularly fond of mages.
“No,” Korsten said in reply.  “Actually, I was looking for something in the way of a library.  Do you have one here?”
Grisch took a forkful of his food, shrugging while he chewed.  When he’d swallowed, he said, “Something in the way of one.  It isn’t much.  What do you need it for?”
Need was the key word.  Korsten needed a library.  He needed books.  Studying was the only way he’d ever managed to relax and organize his thoughts.  Rather than explain that to Captain Grisch, he said simply, “I like to read.”
Grisch broke a tiny smile.  “Lars mentioned to me that you were an aesthetic.  I suppose you slept uneasily in our coarse linen?  Felt too much of a draft last night, did you?  Will you be having your evening wine spiced and warm, then?  Perhaps you’d like to leave a list for the person attending your room.  I’m sure he’ll have a good laugh with the other lads on cleaning duty.”
Korsten was offended.  In the past, he’d have demanded an apology from his inhospitable host.  Now, at the strangely young age of fifty-three, he said calmly, “That was unwarranted, captain.  I did not come here looking to exchange sharp comments with you.”
“Didn’t you?”
“No, I-”
“You’re being assigned to outer defenses for the time being.  You’ll find Lars waiting for you at the north gate as soon as you’d like to find yourself there.”
Korsten left without inquiring further about the library or asking where Merran had been assigned.  Doubtless, wherever the other mage was he would be looking for traces of the Vadryn.  Korsten determined that he would do the same while simultaneously studying the keep’s outer defenses.  He didn’t really know anything about battle—he’d had no experience—but he’d read enough accounts of past campaigns to know the difference between successful and doomed, he believed.  The outpost already had the advantage of position.  There was only one practical route to the fortification, and that was the road...straight through Lilende.
Stopping at a window within a stairwell, Korsten looked out at the terrain below.  Lilende wasn’t even visible through the trees, but it was there...just like Haddowyn was.  If the Morennish army had ever gone there in force, Haddowyn would have been ravaged.  Of the soldiers there, the majority had resided on the manor grounds and without question all of them had died in the slaughter that took the town’s governor and family.  The constabulary had a handful of capable men to put with what troops were stationed throughout Haddowyn, but they could scarcely be considered soldiers.  Undoubtedly circumstances were the same at Lilende.  If the Morenne come, those people will all be killed.  Grisch doesn’t seem interested in protecting the townspeople, just this outpost.  Perhaps he plans to evacuate them.  However, as large as this place is and as empty as it seems, there isn’t any way the entire population of Lilende could fit up here.  And how would they know when to come?  Will the Morennish army provide any warning to them?  
Korsten lifted his gaze to the horizon, which appeared deceptively tranquil this morning.  They are coming.  Taking this outpost is the first step to finally crushing the remaining forces of Edrinor.  The Seminary will be next.  They have to be stopped here.  If Grisch’s attitude is any indication as to how the rest of the troops feel...morale has to be improved or there isn’t a chance at turning Morenne back.  That means the mole or the demon, or both, will have to be rooted out.

~

Korsten found Lars at the north gate, where Grisch said he would be.  The aging soldier greeted him as politely as he had before and a tour of the outermost wall followed.  The men on guard duty regarded Korsten with various expressions of curiosity, uncertainty, and in a few instances awe.  Korsten didn’t particularly care for their notice, no matter how respectful or even praising some of it may have been.  He wasn’t used to such attention, not on such a large scale, and he didn’t like it.  He preferred solitude, isolation, dealings with individuals, one to a few at a time, certainly not several all at once.  He was especially unnerved by the entire line of soldiers who all but fell out of formation trying to get a better look at the stranger suddenly in their midst, who was not only unknown to them as an individual, but quite strange as well.  Dressed completely in white with very dark red hair that he couldn’t justify leaving down in such damp, warm weather, he must have been quite the spectacle.  He’d gone without the jacket as well and his arms were exposed…his very slender arms that adequately let onto the fact that he was not a soldier, or anything near to one.  At least he wasn’t behaving too eccentrically.  He’d always been poor with traditional masculine behavior, but he’d always just acted withdrawn or indifferent and no one seemed to notice much.  Actually, it hadn’t been an act.  Not before the Seminary.  Though Merran hadn’t deliberately said as much, he was right in what he was suggesting on their journey here; nearly three decades of living without restrictions at the Seminary had spoiled him.  He couldn’t dress and carry himself as he did there and honestly expect no one to think anything of it.  Of course, not everyone would automatically suspect what to many of them would be the highest order of insult to any male.  Perhaps if he let them think he was a tad off kilter…or somewhat of a fop, there wouldn’t have to be any incidents of degradation or otherwise ill behavior.
Lars seemed to come to that conclusion all on his own, telling Korsten more than once that he was ‘a strange one’.  The friendly connotation on strange seemed to imply a different way of thinking in general, and didn’t necessarily have anything to do with personal preferences where matters of intimacy were concerned.  Overall, it wasn’t so intolerable, spending the day with Lars, meeting several of the soldiers stationed at the Lilende outpost, studying the fortification inch by orderly inch.  Korsten personally didn’t see what Captain Grisch was worried about.  The keep appeared to be in solid shape and the troops didn’t seem to be lacking in skill or discipline.  Their overall morale did appear a bit low, but Korsten was sure he sensed an elevation of spirits after speaking to some of the men.  The Seminary had sent help.  If there was a demon in their midst, most of these men believed that the mages who had come to them would find and eliminate it.  Most of them believed that mages did nothing else, that they were more hunters of the Vadryn.  With someone like Merran, that was very close to accurate, but there were others from the Seminary’s ranks who concentrated solely on the war with Morenne and others still who gave all of their attention to the political restoration of Edrinor, particularly in the way of tracking down any possible blood relative to the late king.  Such a person would be a symbol to the masses at the very least, helping to unify the remaining powers of their shattered country.  Unfortunately, such an individual would quickly become a target of both Morenne and the Vadryn.  The Seminary would be the safest place for them, but not the best place from which to reach out to the people.  Korsten’s interest in this matter and his deep knowledge of Edrinor’s history promised him a future in that particular line of mage work, but not yet.  He had too little experience to do much of anything specific or on his own right now.  Ashwin decided that it was best for him to assist Merran.  To learn how to handle the Vadryn by themselves before piling on too many added responsibilities, like locating and protecting a potential heir to Edrinor’s vacant throne.  Even before that, he would likely find himself tracking down potential mages of any bloodline and escorting them back to the Seminary if they were willing.  Waiting for them to be called by the powers within them was taking too long and the Seminary was in dire need of replenishing its numbers since the attack that killed such a large number of them.
“I’ve seen Morenne’s magic users working their craft against soldiers,” Lars was saying.  “I’ve seen them cast an entire battlefield in fog, and somehow give unnatural sight to the Morennish soldiers.”
“Did you have a mage with you then?” Korsten asked and watched the senior warrior shake his head.  “Well, if you had had one, he or she might have been able to counter the mist.  In fact, they probably would have had no trouble.  Morenne has nothing like the Seminary, so far as I’m aware.  They’ve no system to their magic.  Their magic users are simply borrowers, tapping into various sources, needing to replenish themselves constantly.  Don’t mistake me, Lars.  We need to replenish ourselves as well, but it’s more like having to eat.  The Essence was born into us, and never leaves us.  There are simply times when a little extra nourishment is required.  We can go long periods without and by focusing on areas of the Spectrum where our talents are strongest, we don’t waste energy on spells we’re not personally suited for.  Those we are suited for become less effort and more instinct, thereby increasing the potency and effectiveness of the spell.”
Korsten hadn’t realized he’d attracted a small audience, until a young guardsman asked, “What do you mean by that, Master Korsten?”
“Can you show us something?” someone else requested.
“Well…show you something?” Korsten smiled a little at the curious soldiers.  It was getting on evening, so it seemed appropriate to work a Lantern spell with some quick and simple finger work.  
Like children, the soldiers who’d never been in the presence of a mage made various sounds of awe or amusement.  
“This is a very minor spell,” Korsten explained, the teacher in him emerging instinctively.  “It requires virtually no concentration and it doesn’t tax me in the least.  Summoning the light by gesture is as simple to me by now as speaking a simple phrase, one I don’t even have to think about, that I just know.  The spell is canceled as easily.”  A simple twirling motion of his right hand proved that and Korsten added, “A wild mage, on the other hand, might be able to cast the spell easily enough if he’s well-studied, but he may have to use it sparingly in order to save some of his borrowed energy for later uses.  So, getting back to Lars’ comment about an enemy magic user enshrouding an entire battlefield; the individual would probably have spent a great deal of energy in the casting as well as the sustaining and, once a mage with natural talent and many more years of training dashes the spell, he may not have the time or the stamina to summon it again.”
“And the demons?” someone asked innocently.  “What of them?”
Demons...the Vadryn...Areld, Markam...Ren...
“Master Mage,” the youthful soldier prompted.
Korsten pulled himself out of the trance he was falling into and put on a quick smile.  “Well, a Lantern spell isn’t going to scare them away, but they’re not invincible.  They can be stopped.”  His expression fell helplessly.  “The souls they torture can be released.”  
They can be.  You can be saved, Ren.  Time is all that stands between us now.  When the time is right...I’ll save you.

~

Hours after nightfall, someone tapped at Korsten’s door, drawing him out of his glum ruminations.  He hadn’t planned to return to his room and plant himself in the window sill, where he proceeded to stare and think, but he couldn’t help himself, just as he couldn’t help the trace of a smile that came to his lips when he looked toward the door at Merran, entering.  “You’ll never change, will you?”
“You should be keeping this locked,” the other mage advised.
Korsten shrugged a bit.  “I meant to, actually, but I got to thinking...and...well, I don’t think that I got much accomplished today.  And I don’t think that Captain Grisch likes me at all.”
Merran came further into the room, closing the door behind him.  “Captain Grisch thinks that you carry around an intolerable air of superiority.”
“My, but he reads people well, doesn’t he?”
“Korsten, be serious,” Merran admonished.  Korsten didn’t like that for some reason and gave his gaze back to the night sky.  Merran continued to talk.  “The fact of the matter is that Grisch doesn’t like you.  I don’t think he cares much for either of us, to be frank, but you especially seem to irritate him.”
“Perhaps I remind him of someone he had an unpleasant experience with,” Korsten suggested, not really caring.  Why should I give a damn what Grisch thinks of me?
“Perhaps,” Merran said.  “Maybe it’s your noble blood he resents.  It’s obvious that you’re from higher stock than most of the men here.  Grisch is no peasant, else he wouldn’t hold the rank that he does, but maybe he’s disenchanted with his peers and doesn’t need you reminding him of the lifestyle he left behind him.”
“Maybe he needs to learn to judge individuals rather than groups,” Korsten argued, frowning at his view of the forest that hid Lilende.  “But then I suppose that he still wouldn’t like me.  There’s nothing to be done for it.  I have to be here and so does he.  We’ll just have to avoid getting under one another’s skin as much as possible.”
“Here’s a side of you I haven’t seen for several years,” Merran commented, drawing a sidelong glare from his colleague.  The dark-haired mage came closer to the window.  “Is it being away from the Seminary that causes you this upset?” he asked, and then discreetly touched a finger to Korsten’s bare arm.  “Or...is it something I’ve done?”
Korsten lost his frown and leaned back against the window’s frame to escape the other man’s touch.  “You’ve been distant, Merran,” he noted, perhaps irrelevantly.  It didn’t matter, except that... “Sometimes I feel as if I left the Seminary alone.”
“There is work to be done,” Merran said.  “I’ve had my mind on it since we left.  I’m used to being alone when I...” 
Korsten slid his gaze at him without meaning anything by it.  He just wanted to look at a face he knew.  
Matching his gaze, Merran finished what he wanted to say.  “I didn’t think about how you would feel.  I apologize.”
“I’ll have to get used to working alone, won’t I?  Eventually.”
Merran nodded.  “There are too few of us.”
“Yes, there are,” Korsten replied.  And then, as it occurred to him, he said, “Ashwin blames himself.  He believes that it’s somehow his fault, what happened at Vassenleigh all those years ago.”
Merran’s expression indicated discomfort just then, with the topic, not the individual.  “Ashwin made a decision.”
“The wrong decision?” Korsten asked, gently, seeing and knowing Merran’s respect for the Mage-Superior.
Merran gave his blue gaze briefly to the floor.  When he looked up again, he said, “He made the better of two bad choices.  And that’s all I’m inclined to say about it.”
“Ashwin never speaks of it,” Korsten continued, still in a quiet tone.  “Just like he never speaks of Sharlotte.  Where do you suppose she and Lerissa are now?”
“I can’t say,” Merran answered.
Korsten lifted the corners of his mouth in a smile that was somewhat forced.  “Did you know I believed that you and Lerissa were lovers at first?”
“We weren’t,” Merran said, not embarrassed, not really much of anything.
Korsten’s nodded.  “I know.  I’m curious, though, as to why you don’t have someone.”
Merran allowed his gaze to travel outside, toward the distant blackened horizon.  He lifted one shoulder, as if that were sufficient answer.
“Well, no one’s tried to kill me since Sharlotte,” Korsten pressed.  “So I know that I didn’t steal you for my own selfish purposes.  Still, there must be someone...”
“There is no one,” Merran told him, firmly.
Korsten stopped smiling.  There was not much behind it, so it was easy enough to drop.  “Forgive me,” he said after a moment.
“You haven’t said anything wrong,” Merran answered.  “I’m simply not interested in this conversation.  If we have nothing else to discuss concerning our task here, I’ll say goodnight.”
Korsten shook his head, confirming that he had nothing else to add.  He watched his friend leave, seeing Eolyn flutter after him, then mumbled, “Goodnight, Merran.”

~

“You’re very beautiful...I’ve always thought you were beautiful...I’ve listened to you with him...I wish that I could be him...I want to hear you sigh...”
Korsten cried out in momentary panic, and opened his eyes to perfect darkness.  In a moment he realized it was night and where he was.  He relaxed a bit by forcing himself to draw a deep breath.  It escaped quicker than he intended, but he still felt better.  
“A dream,” he whispered to no one.  In a moment he lifted his hand toward his face, pushing his hair back from his brow, feeling warm sweat on cold skin.  He hadn’t dreamt about Markam since the demon controlling the boy attacked him thirty years ago.  Why did it feel like yesterday?  How could time be so much different now?  How could a flower alter a life so drastically?  How could a boy become a beast?
Rolling onto his side, Korsten closed his eyes again.  It’s blood.  The blood is the connection, between our bodies and our souls.  It gives life to the body and carries the essence of our souls in its current.  Each time we bleed we lose a little more of ourselves.  We are nothing without it, but a husk.  When it becomes tainted, so do we.  It’s blood.  That’s what makes us what we are.
It’s blood...
The cycle of thought repeated itself in his mind, eventually lulling him back to sleep.
~

Korsten rose early when morning came.  After a session of indulgent stretching exercises, he decided to abandon his bedroom and wound up in the rather simple dining hall provided to the keep’s soldiers.  It seemed clear to him that the only way he was going to be able to tell whether or not any of the men were especially untrustworthy or maybe under the influence of a demon was to mingle with them.  If Merran had a similar idea, he was going about it differently, for he was nowhere to be found anywhere Korsten had ventured during his exploration of the outpost.  Perhaps Merran anticipated the type of reception he would receive.
Several of the men stood from their seats at the first table Korsten came to, as if he were royalty…gods, or a woman.  For that reason Korsten was quick to invite himself to an available space on the nearest bench and the soldiers lowered themselves back down before too many others could notice why they’d risen.  He was used to admiration, but not like this.  This bordered on worship and he could do well without it.
After a few moments of collective staring, one young soldier grew brave enough or polite enough to speak.  “Master Korsten, we weren’t expecting you here.  Have you come to eat with us?”
“The captain told us mages don’t eat,” another youth said.
“Not eating is the reason I’m famished,” Korsten replied, lying a little.  He actually didn’t feel all that hungry, but he was grateful for the distraction provided by two young men going to fetch him a plate.
“You do eat, then?” said the youngster sitting beside him, tall and fit with short-cropped dark hair.
“I think what the captain meant was that we mages do not have to eat as much.  That doesn’t mean, however, that we don’t need to or want to.  He must have assumed we’d tend to ourselves when the need arose.”
“There are two of you here, right?”
Korsten nodded.  “Myself and Merran, yes.”
“Haven’t seen the other fellow around.”  The young soldier prodded the food on his plate a bit.  “Just you, milord.”
That explained a bit.  Smiling politely, Korsten said, “Merran takes his work very seriously and likes to keep to himself besides.  I don’t expect you will see much of him during our time here.”  It occurred to Korsten only after he spoke that he was not only describing Merran, but himself as well.  The only reason he was socializing at all now was because it seemed the best way to carry on with his investigation into discovering what, other than low morale and Captain Grisch, was plaguing this outpost.
“My name is Ecland, by the way, milord.  This is Rand and Jeren.”  The youth sitting beside Korsten indicated the two others, offering him a plate of too much morning meat and bread along with a cup of cider with an unappealing aroma.  Korsten grimaced behind his smile while other soldiers began introducing themselves as well.  A lengthy question and answer session followed, along with the selective sampling of the food that had been brought to him.  Some of the youngsters laughed good-naturedly at his demure manner.  His appearance and behavior seemed to make perfect sense to them when Korsten elected to explain that he’d been a scholar and tutor before becoming a mage.  Suddenly they all had stories to share about the various educators in their lives, which included a great many nasty pranks orchestrated by boys who had probably never dreamed of becoming anything other than what they were.  This was new to Korsten, entirely.  He hated to put it so bluntly, but he’d never been in such common company.  He’d never really envisioned let alone understood their lifestyle.  He couldn’t say that he envied them their place in society, then or now, but he was truly interested in their conversation, and their laughter.  Judging by that sound, whatever demon may have been present didn’t have a solid grip on the hearts and spirits of these young men.

~

Somehow, weapons practice followed breakfast.  Korsten understood that it was part of the soldiers’ daily routine, but he couldn’t recall precisely how he had wound up partaking of that routine himself.  At first he was only watching, and then Ecland was handing him a blunted sword.  Korsten stared at the crude weapon, looking as if it had been used in well more than a thousand sessions, and wondered for a moment what the youth expected him to do with it.
“Arms master Bael says that you mages are trained in swords as well as spells.”
“Arms master...”
“Bael,” an older gentleman supplied.  Actually, he was probably younger than Korsten, but he appeared older and was clearly not as young as most of the men under his supervision.  He wasn’t as tall as Korsten—nowhere near actually—but he had a tight, stocky frame.  His receding hairline and trim beard gave him the appearance of a rather large and potentially nasty rodent.  Gray eyes gleamed with intelligence and cunning.  Those eyes were fixed on Korsten, challenging.
Very well, Korsten decided.  He delicately pushed Ecland’s blunted practice blade away, saying, “I’ve never trained with one of those in my life.”  Summoning the silver sword stored in his hand, making sure not to give it an edge, he stepped away from the others, toward the arms master.  “I prefer something lighter.”
“Something real?”
Korsten nodded once.  “This is real.”
Amused, perhaps thinking that he had an unfair advantage, Bael said, “Are you certain?”
“Quite,” Korsten replied, taking up a relaxed defensive stance.  He could tell that he was on the verge of being underestimated.
“You look as if you bruise easily,” Bael said affably.  “I’ll be gentle.”
“You look as if you learn with little ease,” Korsten returned, in an equally good-natured tone.  “I’ll speak slowly.”
With a laugh, Bael moved in on his opponent.  His motions were light and quick, but strong as well.  Korsten turned back the blows that would have counted and otherwise skipped out of harm’s way.
“Spry for an old fellow, aren’t you?”
“Career benefits aside, I’m not all that old.”  It was Korsten’s turn to attack.  He lunged fast and low, swiping air, and spinning away from the expected counter strike as his opponent evaded him.
Bael continued with a series of easily blocked jabs toward Korsten’s torso.  “I’ll wager you at...no less than...three hundred!”
“Based on what?”
“Attitude!”  Both of them saw an opening at the same time and went for it, managing to lock up their blades.  While they were face to face, Bael grinned, and said “You’re too damned sure of yourself!”
“Well…my friend,” Korsten said through the strain of trying to hold off a stronger opponent.  “That has nothing to do with magehood...and everything to do with breeding.”  
In the next moment, Korsten feigned defeat, quickly unbinding their blades, and stepping aside as Bael pressed forward as if to force his opponent to the ground.  The shorter man’s momentum was too much to halt on such sudden notice.  He fell forward, onto his hands and knees.  Korsten tapped Bael’s shoulder with his thinner blade before he could get up, prompting for a yield.
The arms master surrendered.  He rose laughing while Korsten put away his weapon.  “Chase enough demons and you begin to pick up their tactics, eh?”
Korsten was bothered by that statement, but pretended not to be.  “That was perfectly fair, Master Bael.  Never assume your opponent is weaker than you, regardless of appearances.”
“You’re right,” Bael agreed jovially, clapping Korsten on the shoulder.  Then he looked at his trainees.  “And I hope all of you were watching.  When dealing with the enemy, you haven’t won until your opponent’s dead.  Cockiness on the battlefield will be your death.  Are we clear on that?”  The others gave a collective affirmative and Bael added, “All right, then.  Pair up and free spar for the next half hour.  Tally your results.  Whoever isn’t winning, I’ll be around to find out why not.”
“You have their respect,” Korsten noted.  “Not one of them cared to observe the fact that you didn’t win yourself.”
“They’re good lads, all of them,” Bael said.  “Cursing at them and beating them over the head isn’t going to make them any better.  Show respect and you’ll earn it back, I’ve always believed.”
“It seems to be working here.  I’m impressed.”
“Thank you, sir.  So am I.”
Korsten looked at the arms master, a little confused.
“You’ve got a talent for earning respect yourself,” Bael said.  “Maybe you didn’t notice, but I think every one of those men would have rushed in to pick you up and dust you off, had I bested you.”
Odd that the man should say talent, and that at the same moment Korsten should think of what Merran said about his gift of Allurance.  Excessive charm, Merran had labeled it.  And apparently these men, already impressed with mages, were very susceptible to it.  Bael was right.  Still, it was odd.  Ego usually didn’t bend so easily to charm when dealing with healthy young men, unless the individual doing the charming happened to be an appealing young woman.  Korsten knew that the admiration here was not physical, but he felt awkward all the same, because it was magic making these strangers trust him so automatically.  Undoubtedly there were some among them who wanted to resent the mage suddenly in their company, but they found themselves unable.  It was a mask Korsten had come to wear.  A lie.  He didn’t want to be here and he didn’t want to be any part of this community.  He’d never been to war and each time he’d been faced with a demon, he’d come away near dead.  I don’t belong here.  These men don’t have any business trusting me.  They don’t know me.  I’ll only disappoint them.  And then what?  If the outpost is taken, those who survive will resent the Seminary, maybe turn against it.  Ashwin, why did you send me here?  Merran doesn’t need my help.  I’m not ready.  
A complaint nearby halted his thoughts.  Korsten looked to his right, at a young soldier fallen on his backside, green eyes dark with frustration as he glared up at his opponent.  The victor appeared at least two or three years older and was inarguably larger.  The youth on the ground may have been a tad undersized.
“That’s one for Eisley,” Bael said, directing his voice at the nearby pair.  “Back on your feet, Trev.  Come along now.  There’s a good lad.  Not so rigid!  Eyes on your opponent!”
“He seems very young,” Korsten commented when Bael was finished instructing his student.
“Most of the soldiers here are,” the arms master replied.  “They don’t last long here, before they get sent out to the field.”
“The front is supplied from here?” Korsten asked, looking at the man.
Bael nodded.  “It has been for the last six years.  Morenne has been active along the border.  More so than they have been in decades.  Edrinor’s getting smaller, and they know it.  They’re taking us a little at a time, making it comfortable for themselves.  What’s the use in rushing when the enemy’s ruled by ghosts and plagued by demons?”
“Why is it that the Vadryn tend to dominate in Edrinor?” Korsten wondered aloud.
“The filthy beasts feed on despair and suffering,” Bael reminded.  “You’ll not find a better supply of it than right here in Edrinor.”
Or a better supply of magic, Korsten added to himself.  Morenne doesn’t have enough of it.  The Essence flows continuously into and out of the Seminary.  It’s us.  Gods, we’re to blame.  All this time mages have been trying to protect this land and its people, and in doing so they’ve only brought more danger.  That’s why the Vadryn attacked Vassenleigh.  They want the magic.  They must know how much of it is being stored there, in the lilies.  It doesn’t matter how many mages they kill, the magic always goes back.  That’s why they tried to take the Seminary directly.  But how could they have known exactly where the magic went?  Did they follow it at one time?  Perhaps after murdering Edrinor’s ruling family?  Was one of them...could one of the Rottherlen family have been infected?  If they were, you would have tried to save the individual, wouldn’t you, Ashwin?  You couldn’t, though...could you?  It broke away, and broke the Barriers...and let its fellows in.
Korsten couldn’t be certain his scenario was accurate, but it fell into place very easily in his mind.
Ashwin...is that the pain you’re carrying?  Is that your guilt?  How could you blame yourself for something like that?  What else could you have done, when faced with attempting to save your beloved ruler or destroying him in order to destroy the demon that’s taken him?  It was your decision, though, wasn’t it?  It was your decision alone and that’s why you assume complete responsibility.  That is what happened, isn’t it?  Somehow I feel as if I know.  Perhaps, knowing you, that just seems like something you would do, out of love.



CHAPTER NINETEEN

Days passed Korsten by.  He counted actually seeing Merran twice.  Both times his fellow mage had nothing of special importance to report on his manner of investigation, whatever that was.  Korsten forgot to ask him just what he’d been up to; presumably it was something Grisch approved of, else Korsten believed he would have heard about it.  As it was, he’d had several unpleasant meetings with the captain concerning his interaction with the soldiers; how his foppish behavior and obscene displays of magic were causing too much distraction and how he should have been spending even more time than he was already with Lars, improving the defense strategies.  As if that was why he’d been sent to Lilende to begin with.
“How,” Korsten wanted to know, “am I supposed to ferret out a potential spy…possibly a demon…if I don’t have any interaction at all with the men who he or it may be hiding amongst?”
“No one said you couldn’t have any interaction at all,” Grisch replied in his typically low and unfriendly tone.  “But you’ve become a spectacle!  A joke!  The troops look at you as if you were some foreign entertainer, come to-”
“They do not!  Those men respect me, as does your arms master, and-”
“Bael is notoriously soft,” Grisch interrupted.  “He has been on the troops for years and I can see that he’ll make no exception for total strangers.  He can teach, when he’s not trying to befriend every living thing that comes within a mile of him.  He is exceptional with a blade.  That’s why he’s still here, but I’ve always believed he does better without distraction…and you have certainly proved to be that, haven’t you? “
“This is absurd,” Korsten replied, pacing the man’s study with his arms folded across his chest.  
Leaning over his table, fists braced upon the edge, Grisch said, “You are absurd!  Look at the way you dress, your hair, even the way you walk!”
Korsten stopped while Grisch was complaining, looking himself over.  “There’s nothing absurd about the way I…what’s wrong with my…the way I walk?  I walk as normal as the next man.  Well, maybe a little better balanced than most, but...” Korsten dropped his arms, shaking his head in exasperation.  “This is personal, isn’t it?  You’ve done nothing but glower at me from the moment Merran and I arrived.  I thought at first that it had something to do with mages, but I’m beginning to see now that it’s something else.”
Grisch’s expression calmed considerably just then.  He wasn’t scowling anymore, but forming a trace frown behind his mustache that bordered on professional.  He straightened his stance, and said simply, dismissively, “Stay out of the barracks and don’t interfere with training.”
Korsten’s eyes narrowed.  “I’ll do what I must to perform my duties to the Seminary.”
“You’ll do as I command while you’re at my outpost!”
And that was all Korsten’s was going to take.  “I don’t know precisely what you’re used to dealing with, captain, but I am not one of your recruits.  I’m not a boy or a simple…” Korsten stopped himself short, thinking of the many young men he’d recently come to know and was on the verge of insulting.
Grisch smiled at him, nastily.  “A peasant?  Is that what you were going to say?”  The blond man tucked his hands neatly behind his back, satisfied to discover that his estimate of Korsten was none too true.  “Well, most of the men you’ve been associating with are peasants, and quite simple-minded.  They are easily amused by your fool’s antics and quickly impressed by your status with the Seminary.  They have time for neither.”
Sufficiently chastened, Korsten spoke quieter now.  “My actions have not been to entertain or to impress.  My intention was to have their trust and to distract them only from the true nature of my assignment here.”
“Which is to prepare for a possible attack on this outpost.  Your colleague will see to the other affairs without your assistance, as he has been.”
Startled, Korsten was momentarily speechless, almost breathless.  Frowning, feeling a sudden uncontrollable sting in his eyes, he said.  “What do you mean?  He isn’t…he can’t perform the search alone.”
“He can,” Grisch contradicted mercilessly.  “He is.  In fact, he suggested to me that it would be best if you concentrated on tactical matters while he did so.”
“He didn’t…say anything to me.”
Still smiling, just a little.  “Perhaps you should take that up with him.”
Thoroughly defeated…hurting, actually, Korsten decided to excuse himself.  He did so, and without waiting for Grisch’s acknowledgment, he left the study.

~

It was some hours before Merran returned to his room.  He appeared suitably shocked to find someone already in it.  Shocked for Merran, at any rate.  His face deceived, as did his words...and his touch.  I thought we’d become friends, Korsten thought glumly from his perch on the floor beneath the window.  He’d started out in the window, but decided later that he didn’t want to be spotted.  He didn’t want to talk to anyone, until he’d talked to Merran.  More than half a day later, he wasn’t so certain he wanted to talk to Merran after all.
“I’ve just been knocking at your door,” the other mage informed, closing his own quietly behind him.  When Korsten said nothing, he proceeded gradually into the room.  “Is this the best place to look for…”
“Go to Hell,” Korsten muttered suddenly.  Then he turned his face toward the window over his shoulder.  Warm tears slipped down his cheeks.
Silence filled the room utterly for a moment.  And then Merran said, “Grisch told me the two of you had words, again.  It isn’t personal, Korsten.  He simply doesn’t agree with your method of…”
“I don’t give a god’s damn about Grisch,” Korsten murmured.  “I’ve had my share of men disliking me, beginning with my father.  I hope that he died miserably, by the way, and alone.  But I know that he didn’t.  And I’m sure that once he discovered what became of Haddowyn, he was none too pleased.  With me dead, as he would have immediately assumed…as he would have prayed…there would be no more need to attempt to justify the bastard he’d adopted as his heir in place of me.  He would no longer have had the embarrassment of telling those who inquired that his first son was emotionally unfit to inherit his estate and responsibilities.  ‘Emotionally unfit’?  I can only wonder how people looked at him when he formed that excuse.  I can only wonder what they must have thought about me.”  He glanced at Merran without turning his head to fully look at him, adding softly, “I can only wonder what you think of me.”
“Korsten...”
“You don’t trust me.  Not anymore than Sethaniel did, but for different reasons.  Or perhaps not.  He looked at me and saw a woman.  Perhaps you do as well.  Or maybe you only see a coward.  It inspires sympathy in you rather than hatred, but it’s all the same, when it comes to casting me out and lying to me!”
“I haven’t lied to you,” Merran replied, far too easily for Korsten’s comfort at the moment.
“You haven’t told me the truth of your intentions!  You plan to shield me from the demon that you know is here, because you believe I’ll panic, like I always have before.  Ashwin didn’t assign me to this.  It was you the Council sent.  You don’t need my help.  You don’t even want it!”
Having waited for Korsten to finish, Merran came forward and crouched down, an arm’s length away.  Meeting Korsten’s tearful gaze, he said quietly, and maybe a little angrily, “What do you expect from me, when you act like this?  Hunting the Vadryn isn’t a task for the faint-hearted.  Ashwin has let you cry on his shoulder too many…”
Merran’s words were cut short by Korsten’s hand, slapping his face.  If not for his anger, he might have been shocked by his own actions.  However, at the moment, his sole focus was Merran, the fact that the other man had hurt him, deeply.  “Don’t you dare speak ill about Ashwin!  It’s because of him…because of his compassion…that I’ve managed to hold onto even a shred of my sanity!  All you’ve ever done is stolen my misery away!  Masked it, just like-”
“Isn’t that what you wanted?” Merran interrupted, glaring now, silencing Korsten with the sudden force in his voice and expression.  “Wasn’t it escape you were after?  Escape from the truth that would have kept me out of your bed!  The truth about how you feel about Renmyr Camirey and how I-”
“How you don’t feel,” Korsten interrupted softly, lowering his face. “Gods, I know.  I know that I seduced you, but you’re right; I needed escape.  You’re right, Merran.”  His voice began to tremble.  “I can’t be trusted to act bravely in the face of pain...and it hurts so much, just thinking about the Vadryn.  The terror grips me, always, with the memories of what happened in Haddowyn.  They’ve taken everything from me.  My whole life...all that mattered to me.  They have my heart in their claws, and I’m afraid to take it back.”  He began to cry, bitterly, angrily.  It was anger at his own weakness.  Time couldn’t make him stronger.  He was still the same helpless coward he’d always been.
Merran touched his arm lightly.  The hurting began to subside just with that minor skin-on-skin contact.  Merran’s hand settled, and he squeezed gently, comfortingly.  Korsten appreciated the effort, but in a moment he slipped away.  He looked up at his friend, and said, “No.  I won’t use you anymore the way I have in the past.  If I can’t be stronger on my own, then I’m of no use to you or the others...here and at the Seminary.  You’re right, Merran.  I’m sorry.”  
Having said that, Korsten got to his feet and carried himself to the door.  He glanced back at the other mage, still crouched before the window, not looking at him.  He thought of apologizing again, but decided simply to leave.

~

Korsten decided not to sleep.  He went to the stables and visited with Onyx instead.  He stroked the handsome beast for a while, then decided to brush him.  The activity relaxed him and soothed his heart’s incessant aching somewhat, not through magic.  Quiet time alone had always been a remedy for him.  The trouble was that he never stayed alone and things never stayed quiet.  He was going to have to face Merran again, eventually.  He would have to face Grisch as well, and watch the man smirk snidely as he realized that he’d put a wedge between the two mages.  Maybe that was his intention from the start.  Maybe he didn’t actually want their help, even though he had been the one to contact Ashwin.  Or maybe he didn’t actually contact the Mage-Superior.  Maybe their correspondence was simply routine.
What difference does it make?  We’re here, Merran and I.  There’s a demon here as well.  Merran knows it.  That’s the reason for all of his secrecy.  He wants to observe it... 
Korsten stopped brushing Onyx.  With a contemplative frown, he finished his thought.  
While it observes me.  He’s using my gift.  He said before that a demon would be drawn to me as helplessly as a person.  I’m a decoy.  Merran, you bastard.  It was probably your intention to upset me, knowing that the Vadryn would find my misery even more attractive.  Gods, how could I be so...
A sudden sense of presence made Korsten look to the stall door.  He quickly smiled at the young man watching him.  Trev was the youth’s name; green-eyed, undersized, and silent.  He was scrappy, though, the kind of lad who had probably won a lot of street fights simply on determination.  “I didn’t hear you enter,” Korsten said to him.  “Did Lars give you stable duty?”
Trev shook his head.  “Couldn’t sleep.  Came to visit the horses and saw you in here.”
“Won’t Lars give you stable duty after all if he finds you’ve wandered out of the barracks when it’s your turn to sleep?”
Shrugging, Trev said, “Probably put me on night watch.  I don’t mind it.  Better than...”
Korsten waited through the youth’s pause, wondering where he’d heard that voice before, perhaps not mumbling like it was now.  And then he said, “Better than what?”
Trev looked at him for a moment longer.  Finally, he said, “I...want to see it, if it comes for me.”
“You want to see what?”
“You’re here to catch a demon, ain’t you?”
“Aren’t,” Korsten amended reflexively, adding, “There have been rumors about one of the Vadryn here.  I won’t lie to you.  If there is one, then yes we’ll find a way to be rid of it, but primarily...” Thinking about Grisch again, he frowned.  “My job is to assist in planning a defensive strategy against an attack from Morenne.  I’m sure you know about the unsteady situation along the border.”
Trev nodded.  His green eyes kept watching, not studying but admiring...in a way that differed from the other soldiers, and that Korsten understood immediately.  The boy looked unsure, but also unwilling to leave.  Fear and confused adoration both kept him at a distance.  He didn’t know how to react to either.  In a moment, he said, “You missed practice.”
“I had a meeting with the captain,” Korsten decided to say.  He forced a smile over the frown that came automatically, thinking about Grisch.  “How did you do today?”
“Not bad,” the youngster replied.  And then he almost smiled.  “Got knocked down fewer times.”
Korsten laughed with him.  Underneath he hoped this child would never have to see battle.  Of course, he knew it was inevitable that every one of these men, however young, would take part in the war against Morenne.  It seemed futile, but Edrinor had survived nearly a century in chaos.  If order could be restored...
“Master Korsten?”
“Yes?”
“Have you ever seen one of them before?  I mean, have you ever seen what they really look like, underneath the faces they steal?”
Korsten couldn’t hold onto his smile.  He went back to brushing Onyx so that he wouldn’t have to look at the youth.  “I have seen their true form, yes.  It’s nothing I wish to discuss.  It’s not an image you need painted for you.”
“What would you do if it was one of us?” Trev asked next.  “Would you have to...would you...”
“No,” Korsten said at once, looking at the young man now, thinking of Markam.  “People can be freed from their will.”  And now he was thinking of Renmyr.  Can you be freed, Ren?  Perhaps it’s been too long.
“Master Korsten,” Trev said, distracting him once again.  When Korsten looked at him, he smiled a bit, and said, “I’m glad you’re here.”
Stricken speechless, Korsten could only smile at the lad and nod once, watching him leave.  No one had ever been glad for his presence.  They’ve been many things, but never glad.  They’ve never told him as much anyway.  Still, I’d better be careful around the boy.  I don’t want to be guilty of misleading him or confusing him even more as he makes this discovery about himself.  It’ll be hard enough for him once he’s older and maybe has met someone he truly loves, who can’t or won’t love him in return.  What Ren and I...what we had was...
Gods, Ren...I miss you.

~

“Shrouding the land around the river wouldn’t be a problem,” Korsten said to Lars as they stood along a northern wall looking down at the water snaking through the only clearing in the forest.  It was warm in the full daylight, bordering on hot.  So near to the water, it felt rather humid as well.  “It’s not a large river.  The Morennish will probably want to lay makeshift bridges across it.  A thick mist would make it difficult to get troops across fast.  Standard defenses should keep them from climbing the cliff face, but that will turn their attentions toward another route; the road.  They’re going to plow over Lilende.  The city has no walls, and no soldiers...only a small force of constables.”
The old soldier stood with broad arms folded across his chest, surveying the land beyond the cliff-borne outpost.  “Decades ago this was a lord’s manor,” he explained.  “Governed over the town below.  The borderlands were farther out then, so there was never any trouble with invasion.”
Korsten nodded slowly, keeping his gaze on the treetops.  “I’m sure they never dreamt of such trouble.”  After a few moments’ thought, he asked, “Are there any secrets about this place that could benefit the enemy if they learned of them?  Entrances at the base of the cliff, or something of that nature?”
Lars shook his head.  “Not that I’ve been made aware of.  As far as I know, the cliff’s solid.  No natural caves even, let alone manmade tunnels.”
“If there is a spy in our midst, there must be something he wants.  Some kind of information that he could pass to his allies.  The Morennish are going to know there’s not a vast army hiding here.  Perhaps they’re unaware of whether or not we could summon reinforcement from another town.  It’s still uncertain…even to us, sadly, who still fights for the throne and who exists simply for their own sakes.”
“That’s certainly true,” Lars agreed, adding, “We lost Haddowyn about thirty years back, as I’m sure you know.”
Managing to swallow the lump of tears instantly in his throat, Korsten said, “Yes, I know.”
Lars shrugged.  “They would have been too far north to be of much help to us in Lilende, but it could have been a good military location up there.  The governor was still loyal to the Rottherlens and had enough control, power, and finances to keep the mercenaries and traitors at bay.  I imagine it’ll be part of Morenne soon.  I wonder why they haven’t simply stepped in and taken it?”
“It’s Vadryn territory,” Korsten informed.  
Lars glanced at him.  “I suspected as much.  Didn’t quite know for sure.  Thought it was a revolt of some kind when I first heard about the murder of the family.”
Korsten held his response long enough to discreetly clear his throat.  “They were attacked by the Vadryn.  I’m surprised the rumors haven’t spread this far yet.”
“Rumors, yes,” Lars replied with a taut nod.  “But we’ve heard rumors of demons doing everything from devouring infants suspected of having Rottherlen blood to killing every man, woman, child, and dog at Vassenleigh.  Our communication with Lord Ashwin lets us know the bit about Vassenleigh is nothing more than rumor, but we couldn’t be sure on Haddowyn.  Every now and then someone claims that Camirey still has control, but that it’s not what it was.  It’s like a town stricken by plague.  Everyone and everything gives it a good berth now.”
You’re still alive, Ren.  I thought I always knew, but having it confirmed now...  After everything that’s happened, perhaps I should have been hoping that you escaped the demon inside you somehow and passed mercifully from this world.  Merran would think me a fool, but I feel hopeful now.  Ren, I feel inspired, knowing that you’re still in this world with me.  I still love you.
Korsten was slow pulling out of his thoughts, prompted mostly by the sensation of eyes on him.  He looked to his right and spied Ecland on duty further down the wall, watching him.  The youth took his gaze away as soon as he realized he’d been caught and Korsten smiled a little to himself.  Of the soldiers at the keep, the very young ones especially seemed mystified by the presence of mages.  Maybe it was a distraction that Korsten had been so friendly toward them, but better fascination than mistrust.  Grisch and Merran presently supplied the outpost with more than enough of that.
The sudden rise of a flock of birds out of the forest canopy drew Korsten’s attention northwest.  His eyes narrowed with interest and he watched for several moments as the distant creatures dispersed, then reassembled and settled again amongst the full green branches, out of view.
Lars noticed as well.  Eventually, he said, “In all my years of service, that’s never been a good sign.”
Still staring toward the northwestern horizon, Korsten replied, “I’m inclined to agree with you.  I think a word with Captain Grisch is in order.  He may want to consider putting this place on elevated alert.”

~

The youngish commander of the Lilende outpost stood rigidly in front of his study window.  His hands were tight fists behind his back, his jaw muscles working while he stared out at the lush summer canopy.  At some length, without looking back at his present company, he said, “Tell me again, exactly what you saw.”
Lars reissued his and Korsten’s account of the bird sighting and the precise direction of the incident.  Grisch only seemed to get more annoyed and suddenly, Korsten was beginning to realize that the captain was as new to his post as he looked.  As Korsten understood it, the ruling family at Temstead acted more or less as steward in the absence of a king and someone there would have been responsible for this man’s promotion.  Perhaps that individual had failed to know who he was promoting, or failed to care.  It saddened Korsten to think that Edrinor’s last threads were so weak.  Even worse was being in this situation, about to be engaged in battle with Morenne, possibly a demon as well, with a man who wasn’t prepared for it.
“You saw a flock of birds flutter from one perch to the next,” Grisch summarized, not quite accurately.  “What makes that fair warning of anything?”
Lars was about to respectfully explain, but Korsten stopped him with a light touch at the elbow and offered his own explanation.  “The trees around here are quite tall, high enough up to where nothing minor is going to upset the creatures residing near the top of the canopy.  It was no hunting party or gaggle of noisy children that stirred them, captain.  Something large enough to create a disturbance that traveled from the roots to the tips of the uppermost branches annoyed those birds.  Either you have giants in your forest, or a sizable group of armed men marching through it.”
Grisch turned around to glare at Korsten.  The fire in his blue eyes was unmistakably of hatred.
“He’s right, sir,” Lars said before Grisch could comment on Korsten’s words and before Korsten could wonder at the captain’s animosity.  “Animals are upset by strange circumstances.  There’s nothing right or good about an army moving in on their territory.”
Stubbornly, Grisch said, “What if it’s something else?”
“What if it isn’t?” Korsten pressed.
“Perhaps you’d like to play scout and go see?” Grisch asked caustically.
“It’s not my field of expertise, but if you’ve no one else to investigate...”
“Shut up,” the captain growled, looking daggers at Korsten.  “I’ve had my fill of the sound of your voice.”  To Lars, he said, “Send a scout to investigate and report on a possible situation in the northwestern woods.”
“Yes, sir,” Lars replied and promptly took his leave.
That left Korsten and Grisch alone and glaring at one another.  The captain’s animosity was unwarranted, but it was fast becoming mutual.
“What is it you want from me?” Korsten finally asked outright.  “You’re not happy with me doing the work I’ve been assigned to by my superiors, and you’re also dissatisfied when I abandon it to devote myself to the task you’ve seen fit to deliver me yourself.  Perhaps I should spend my time here sitting upon one of the walls as an ornament.”
“By all means,” Grisch replied, gesturing out the window, toward the view of the keep’s west wall behind him.  “I’m sure you’ll make a fine target for an enemy’s arrow, if they are in fact coming.”
“They are coming,” Korsten told him, ignoring the insult.  “And you’re not ready for it, are you?”
Grisch’s cold glare turned to fire once again.  “How dare you question my ability to command?”
“There are more than five hundred lives at the mercy of your command, captain.  My own and Merran’s included.  I have every right to question-”
“You have no right!” Grisch shouted vehemently.  “Not the right to be here, not even the right to live!”  Korsten could only stare in confusion while the captain proceeded.  “You filthy, demon-loving bastard, do you think I have no idea who you are?  Do you think I don’t know where you came from?”
Korsten still had no response.
Grisch filled in the silence with his hateful tone and biting words.  “I know about Haddowyn.  I was there, in my mother’s womb…put there by the very man who murdered the entire Camirey family, down to the youngest child.  I would have died as well, with my mother, had she not escaped.”
Korsten’s heart stopped working properly.  It felt like it was choking him.  He wanted to deny the captain’s claim; the man didn’t look much like Renmyr.  However, denial currently wasn’t cooperating with its master.  Suddenly Korsten recognized Grisch’s temper, so very much like Renmyr’s.  
“I should never have known it,” Grisch continued in Korsten’s state of shock.  “But my mother couldn’t help herself.  As she lay dying, when I was barely ten, she revealed everything to me…and you have no idea what it’s like to learn that the man you’d believed was your father from the day you were born was nothing more than your mother’s husband.  That the person who actually sired you was a man-loving-”
“Who?” Korsten interrupted, somehow not hearing Grisch’s offensive tone.  He was suddenly overwhelmed with the need to know.  “Who was your mother?”
Glaring, the captain said, “Ellenise Camirey, previously the wife of...”
“Edmore,” Korsten supplied, quietly, still feeling overwhelmed by this discovery.  He thought that he needed to sit down, but as none of the chairs were drawn out, he settled for leaning against the table.  Ren, gods...were you adulterating with your own brother’s wife?  Ellenise?  I could explain your actions with Calla to myself and soothe my jealousy somewhat, but...Ren, there would be no reason to act with Ellenise...it’s not as if anyone could have known.  It’s not as if that would have turned suspicion from us. 
“My mother escaped that night Renmyr went mad, as she called it,” Grisch continued, sounding a little calmer, now that he’d let out what was bothering him.  “She ran from Haddowyn and didn’t stop until she’d come to Temstead, where she was taken in and cared for by a man who married her out of sympathy more than love.  He’d known her before her arranged marriage into the Camirey family.  I wasn’t far enough along for anyone to dispute their claim that I belonged to him when I finally came into this world.  My adoptive father was an exceptionally caring man.  He still is, and I’ll not soon forget the stress he endured while my mother slowly lost her grip on sanity.  During her last days, she told me of you, Korsten Brierly.  She told me…a ten-year-old child, of the licentious affairs going on between you and her brother-in-law.  She told me the many other faults Renmyr had, such as his bedding nearly every able woman in that city and siring enough children to have repopulated it twice over!  I was one of those bastard children, conceived of insane treachery between my mother and Renmyr.  She wanted a child; she was desperate for one and the man who should have been my father was too ill to give her one.  She learned of you and Renmyr and promised to tell your secret, unless he provided her with something worth her silence.  Something she could use to keep her place in Ithan’s household if her husband should die.  A child…a son, as it turned out, but no one in Haddowyn would ever know it.  Renmyr knew they never would, because he planned to kill every last member of his household.”
“Lies,” Korsten said because he had to.  He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Not the part where Renmyr orchestrated the slaying of his own family.
“Lies?” Grisch echoed, glaring.  “Embellishment perhaps, owed to my mother’s disturbed state of mind, but some truth, surely.  You fail to deny that you had indecent relations with-”
“I love him!” Korsten blurted.  “There is nothing indecent about loving someone, and I have had enough of people trying to tell me that in my case there is.  If not because Renmyr is a man, then because he’s a demon.  The only indecency was the manner in which we had to keep our affairs a secret and since then the manner in which we’ve been torn apart.  You say that Ellenise was your mother and Renmyr your father; I believe you.  I can see Ellenise in you now that it’s been brought to my attention, and I know Renmyr was anything but faithful to me.  You have his temper, if it pleases you to know, and his way at turning words into blades that cut both idly and deep.”  
Grisch was just staring at him, perhaps shocked by Korsten’s open admission of his relationship with another man, so Korsten continued.  
“It was wise of your mother to flee Haddowyn altogether.  I could not have helped her, nor could Hedren, who was constable at the time.  We were both still in the midst of trying to accept what a mage had explained to us; that there were demons yet in the world.  Thirty years ago, the legends were still legends to most people in Edrinor and nothing beyond that.  Edmore, the man who should have been your father, was desperately ill and none of us knew why.  It was a demon, but not Renmyr.  Renmyr was nothing more than a man at that time, and everything to me.  Feelings of helplessness and desperation, perhaps of anger and frustration as well, allowed one of the Vadryn to take him.  What happened was not his plot, though it may still be his blame.  I fear that it is my blame as well, because I did nothing to support or uplift him during his personal struggle with his family, some of which concerned the matter of our hidden relationship.”
Korsten drew a brief pause, willing himself not to cry in front of Grisch.  Meeting the younger man’s insistent glare, he said soberly, “Your anger is justified, but at the same time it is misplaced.  You would have come into this world, whether the Camirey’s died that night or not.  You say that the man who acted as your father was caring.  I regret to say that Renmyr would not have been.  Had Ellenise’s plan as you’ve told it to me succeeded, you would have been claimed as Edmore’s son.  Renmyr would have been held to silence by our secret and he would have resented the fact that his own son would have surpassed him as Ithan’s heir.  He would have resented you.  Your mother saved your life with her decision to leave Haddowyn, and for all the unhappiness and confusion she may have given you upon her deathbed, she still gave you a safe and caring home with your adoptive father.”
Grisch said nothing for the longest time.  He glowered until apparently it became too much effort to do so, and then he lowered into his chair, drew in a long breath and let it out slowly.  Holding his jaw as if it ached after his longtime of frowning, he eyed Korsten for several more moments, then finally said, “So, what are you doing here, alive?  You’re not still in Haddowyn and you serve the Seminary, which tells me you were not in collusion with the demon.  Why didn’t he kill you?  Worse yet…you admit to having shared a bed with him…why didn’t he claim you?”
There was no withholding the moisture crowding in Korsten’s eyes at just that moment, as he was reminded of the single most terrifying moment of his life.  “He tried.”
“And?” Grisch prompted mercilessly.
“And I was called upon to serve as a mage.”  Korsten gave his wet gaze to the table his hands were clutching the edge of.  “In that very moment when the beast inside of Renmyr attempted to overtake me with the poison of its will, the magic inside me emerged out of its dormant state.  I thought it killed me at first, and then I thought it killed Renmyr.  I was unaware then of what had actually taken place.  It was Merran who brought me to the Seminary, and that began my healing.  It has been...a lengthy process.”
Another long silence followed, during which Korsten finally found the ambition to pull out a chair and seat himself.  He leaned back, pushed his hair back, then rested his cheek on the loose fist he’d made of his hand as he braced his elbow on the table.  He and Captain Grisch stared across the table at one another, wordlessly, expressionlessly.
At some length, the captain said, “If you’d have just admitted to me that you had intimate relations with Aevo Grisch…my father, I’d have gone across the room and broken your neck.  I would have viewed your murder at my hands as a penalty for lying and slandering my father’s good name, along with insulting his decency.  On the other hand, you could right now go into graphic detail about your relations with the man who sired me and my only trouble would be what it is now; what to make of you.”
Korsten forced the merest smile through forming tears, though there was nothing humorous about any of this.  “Haven’t you already decided?  It seemed very clear to me not so very long ago.”
Grisch nodded.  “It seemed so for me as well, but now, having heard you…witnessed you, rather, I’m not so eager to despise you.  Don’t mistake me; I cannot approve of the lifestyle you’ve admitted to participating in, even if I wanted to.  It disgusts me, frankly, though to look at one such as yourself some sense can be made of it.  Perhaps the gods could have been kinder in creating you female.”
Blinking back tears that were decided on coming now, Korsten said, “My parents already had three daughters.”  It didn’t take long after those words were formed for him to begin crying, openly.  He wept into his hand, saddened by his memories, embarrassed by his present company, and frustrated by his complete inability to control his emotions whenever it came to Renmyr.  Everything always came to Renmyr, because he was Korsten’s reason for living and simultaneously the cause of his dying.  Inside, he felt like he was already dead.  He was alive because Merran and Ashwin wouldn’t let him die; one with physical effort and the other with doses of hope that bordered on cruel.  Markam couldn’t even be saved, and he’d only been possessed a short period of time, by a weaker demon than that which had been inhabiting Renmyr for years by now, leeching off his soul, stealing away his humanity a little at a time.
“I pity you,” Grisch said quietly, as if deciding after some debate.  “I believe that you suffer an unfortunate illness and that Renmyr Camirey, influenced by the Vadryn lurking in Haddowyn, took advantage of your condition against his own judgment and will.  Give yourself time to consider it.  I think you’d come to realize that what you had wasn’t love, but the effects of emotional suffering.”
And that was when Korsten stopped crying.  Though tears were still tumbling down his cheeks, he began to laugh.  The irony of the circumstances was too much.  That Renmyr’s child should tell him the precise same thing Sethaniel Brierly did, almost word for word, bordered on hysterical.  Eventually, Korsten lifted his face and, wiping at his eyes, he stood.  “Yes, I am ill.  Of course love only exists and is perfectly rational between a man and a woman.”  
Smiling a little madly, choosing his words and connotation very deliberately, Korsten added, “The idea of a romantic encounter between two bodies of the same sex is absurd.  After all, what could they possibly make of the circumstances?  Certainly not children.  Not love, obviously.  So then it must simply be senseless touching.  Meaningless caresses upon flesh they only imagine to be warm and responsive as they lie together, in each other’s arms, exchanging shallow endearments.  What a ludicrous situation.  Utterly comical.”  Korsten frowned rather abruptly, soberly, when he asked the other man, whose face was cast brightly red, “Why aren’t you laughing, captain?”
Grisch had no response, and Korsten saw himself out of the study.



CHAPTER TWENTY

A day and a half brought news of soldiers in the woods northwest of the keep.  Morennish soldiers.  Korsten stood upon the battlement from which he and Lars had first seen the signal given to them by unwitting wildlife and smiled a little when Merran arrived beside him.  He couldn’t help himself, knowing that Grisch, who knew nothing of Merran and trusted him implicitly, would have mentioned their little conversation...man to androgynous other, as Grisch undoubtedly saw it.
“Satisfied with yourself?” Merran asked without tone or expression, observing the same space of horizon Korsten had been studying for the past hour since learning of the army gathering in the woods.
“A part of me wants to say yes,” Korsten replied.  “I don’t think I’ve ever been so bitterly open with anyone in my life.  That same part of me thinks that Grisch needed to be told off in the worst way and that the embarrassment I provided to him with my acidly candid speech served him just exactly right.”  Slowly, Korsten’s minor smile left him.  At length, he said, “The rest of me regrets that exchange between myself and the captain.  I only spoke that way because I...well, it probably didn’t help that you and I exchanged unpleasant words ourselves the night before.”
“Condemning me to Hell seemed rather minor in comparison to some of the things you’ve said to me in the past.  Forgive me for saying this, Korsten, but I try not to take you personally most days.”
Korsten glanced at his fellow mage.  He couldn’t smile and neither was Merran, in spite of his witty remark.  “Do you know who Grisch actually is?”
Merran looked at him, seeming genuinely not to know.
Unhappily, Korsten surrendered the information he’d recently been given.  “The son of my lover, that’s who.”
“One of them, you mean.”
“The only one I’ve met and been made aware of who I was meeting.”
“So it is personal, then,” Merran said.  “I was mistaken when I said that it wasn’t.  I apologize.”
Ignoring the second half of Merran’s statement, Korsten said, “Unhealed wounds were made twice as deep yesterday, with that discussion.  It makes me wonder about myself.”
“How exactly do you mean?”
Giving his gaze back to the horizon, Korsten answered, “No matter what I learn about Renmyr, no matter what he does…no matter how cruel or terrible or contradictory to everything he’s ever said to me before that last day in Haddowyn…I still love him.”  
Silence filled the air around them, heavy enough to seemingly blot out all other sounds in a world that was indifferent to their conversation.  Korsten glanced at Merran only long enough to see that his intensely blue gaze was fixed, not on the horizon, but on the space of wall directly in front of him, as if he were studying the minute crevices in the close-fit stones.  
And then Korsten drew in a long breath and let it out slowly.  He whispered, “Gods help me, I can’t despise him.”
Afterward, the silence resumed, and lasted.

~

“It’s a small force, in comparison to what it could be,” Grisch said to the eight other men seated in his study, including Korsten, Merran, Lars, and five officers ranking beneath the Captain.  Korsten had been introduced to two of them, one a little older than Lars, the other looking to be late into his third decade.  They each wore grim expressions now, matching those on their colleagues’ faces.  “Still,” Grisch continued.  “It’s sooner than we expected and it means that Morenne has breached defenses at the border.  Possibly they have infiltrated and hope to take this outpost out from beneath the forces further out, trapping them without reinforcement.  None that could get to them soon enough to be of any serious aid, at any rate.
“We have five hundred thirty-three men capable of fighting at our disposal, two of them armed with magic.  Our scout counted roughly thirteen hundred with the Morennish forces currently making a slow path in our direction.”
“Thirteen hundred?” an elder officer echoed, sounding understandably bleak.  “That’s more than twice what we’ve got.”
“But we have the advantage of position,” Lars pointed out.  “They can only come at us from one side.”
“Yes,” Korsten said.  “The side where the town also lies.  We should evacuate.”
Before Korsten had finished, as if he knew exactly what Korsten would say, Grisch said, “Absolutely not.  That will take too much away from our efforts here.”
“It will take but half a day,” Korsten argued, calmly but still insistently.  “I’ll do it myself.”
“Your duty is here,” Grisch reminded.  “You’ll do no such thing.”
“So we let them die?” Korsten continued stubbornly, thinking to himself that he wouldn’t.  I’m not letting another town of unsuspecting people be murdered.
“Hell’s depths, is it impossible for you to shut your mouth for more than a moment’s span?” Grisch shouted, red-faced in his frustration.  He was worried more than angry, confused by the suddenness of the circumstances that would demand all of his skill at leading, whatever there was of it.  Perhaps he hadn’t expected Morenne to come this far in his lifetime as an officer under Edrinor’s unoccupied throne.
Perhaps it shouldn’t have surprised Korsten that Merran came to the man’s rescue.  “The town can be a concern for later,” the other mage said, eyeing admonishment at his fellow from across the table.  “The Morennish are moving slowly.  Maybe they’re waiting for their spy to communicate with them.”
Everyone looked at Merran now, with deliberate interest.  Korsten as well, suspecting Merran had discovered the individual’s identity and possibly the demon’s as well.
“The enemy is here, then,” one officer said.  “You know this for certain?”
Merran nodded once.  “It relieves me to know that none of you gentlemen here are part of the conspiracy, else you have disguised yourselves and your intentions beyond magic’s ability to detect.”
“Who?” a man by the name Bheld demanded.  He was blonder than his captain, lithe in form and tall.  His eyes were sharp and intelligent, his voice quietly firm.
Glancing at the officer who’d spoken, Merran waited a moment, then said, “It’s a young woman from the town below.”
This information inspired an understandably long span of silence.  Even Korsten found himself only able to stare at his friend, though his expression was more questioning than shocked.  That’s not all of it, Merran.  What else do you know?
“A young woman?” Lars asked, as if to be sure he had heard correctly.
“She is not herself,” Merran began to explain, continuing for the benefit of the others in the room.  Korsten knew at once what he meant by that statement.  At least, he thought he did.  But then Merran said, “She is beside herself with grief, convinced that the outpost is not here to protect Lilende, but rather attended by unholy men who collect innocents and feed them to demons.”
“What in the name of the gods’ realm are you telling us?” Grisch finally said.  “That a half mad girl is exchanging information with Morennish spies because...”
“Because her brother was called to serve here and she believes he has not been the same since.  In fact, she claims he behaves much of the time as if he doesn’t even know her, or anyone else in their family.  She had contact with a Morennish man several months ago and promised to give him information if his people got rid of the demons and brought her brother back to her.”
“This is absurd,” an elder declared, blustering a bit.  “Who is this girl, and how would she be able to obtain any information on this keep that Morenne would be interested in having?”
“Perhaps her brother can explain that to us,” Bheld suggested.
All the while, Korsten simply observed Merran, who continued answering the officers’ questions and concerns.  “Her brother is not the spy, if that is what you’re implying,” Merran said.
“Then how…”
Merran called for silence with an upheld hand.  Eventually he said to Grisch, “The matter is currently too sensitive to reveal anything more to you.  Proceed with your defense plans as if all were normal, for now.  If Korsten and I cannot get this resolved by morning...it may be the outpost you’ll be wanting to evacuate.”

~

“I’ve always admired your flair for mystery,” Korsten was saying to Merran as they made their way through the upper corridors of the central tower, working their path gradually downward.  “However, I’m not so certain our current allies appreciate it.  What are we up to?”
“The first thing that I did when we arrived, after our opening conversation with Grisch, was visit the infirmary.  There have been no major injuries acquired over the past several months and no major illnesses.  Nothing indicative of the Vadryn’s presence.  However, there have been at least twenty-two separate complaints of men feeling ill with nothing apparent being wrong with them.”
“The physician told you this, I’m assuming.”
Merran nodded as they descended a spiraling stairwell.  “I requested the names of those men, and visited each one of them individually.”
“So that’s what you’ve been at all this time.”
“After invoking a Sleep spell on them, I performed my own medical examination,” Merran continued.  “Every one of them has a minor, unhealed wound upon their bodies.”
Korsten thought that his neck began to throb at the base of it while Merran said that, in the exact place where he’d been bitten decades ago.
“The marks aren’t terribly conspicuous,” Merran said.  “Mere scratches, some of them.  Enough, though, for the Vadryn to draw what it needs and still keep the victim alive.  Since it knows we’re here and has from the start, I healed the wounds to the best of my ability.  That might delay things.”
“Delay?”  Korsten frowned in wonder.  “Why didn’t you seal the wounds?”
Near the base of the enclosed staircase, Merran stopped, drawing Korsten to a halt with him.  When his friend was facing him, he said, “The feeding has been going on for months, at least.  The victims are as unaware as their fellow soldiers.”
“Of what?” Korsten asked, very quietly, since Merran was practically whispering himself.
Drawing a quick breath, holding it for a space, Merran exhaled and let the words out.  “Eighteen of those men are lost.  They must have died weeks ago.  Based on the manner in which the demon claimed them, slowly and by careful deception that would have hidden its identity from them, they must have passed and come back scarcely realizing the transition.  Before long they’ll begin to need as their master does.”
Korsten’s gaze had lowered at some point, fixing on Eolyn as she clung stoically to Merran’s coat.  His eyes drifted back up, matching Merran’s urgent stare.  “Their master?  You mean it will have control over them?”
Nodding, “It does, but I don’t believe it’s exercised that power yet.  Korsten...the demon will claim every soul in this keep, long before Morenne arrives to take it.”
Without downplaying the severity of his colleague’s words, Korsten said, “Convenient for Morenne.  Conspired?”
Merran took a step back, so that he was leaning against the wall of the stairwell.  “It’s difficult to say,” he sighed.  “Of course, it’s possible.  And if so, imagine it, Korsten.  Morenne and the Vadryn, working together against us.”
“What would the Vadryn have to gain in that?”
“The end of the Seminary,” Merran replied without having to think about it.  “The end of mages; of us.  They’ll have the blood lilies...and enough magic to turn around and kill every Morennish man, woman, and child in the span of a heartbeat.  They’ll take all the magic that’s left in this world, the gluttons.  And what will be left when they’re done?”
“Perhaps they haven’t thought of that themselves,” Korsten said quietly, feeling a strange lack of fear in himself while sensing it from Merran.  He wondered at the conviction in his voice when he added, “It doesn’t matter anyway.  Ashwin will never allow them that victory, if it comes down to him as the last mage to stand against them.”  While Merran just looked at him, Korsten lifted a hand to the other man’s shoulder.  “But we won’t let it come to that.  He sent us here because he believes there’s something we can do.  I can’t say I know what that is at the moment, but if I know you half as well as I think I do, you’ve already devised a solution to this dilemma.”
Merran continued to look at him.  The ghost of a smile hovered over his firm chin.  “In all the years I’ve known you, I’ve never heard you say a thing so positive.”
Korsten lowered his hand, offering a faint smile in return.  “Does it worry you?”
“I haven’t decided.”  In the next moment, Merran broke out of his mild trance.  “Come along anyway; there’s someone who wishes to see you.”
Korsten followed and they completed their descent, coming to a passageway that eventually led them to a moderately sized room that was shrouded in both darkness and sheets of webbing thick enough to serve as drapery.  A dim white spell-light hovered above the bowed head of a very young man.  He sat hugging his legs in a high-backed chair cleared of dust.  When he heard the two mages enter the room, he looked up and beamed openly for just a second before barreling out of the chair and straight at Korsten.
Trev ran smack into Korsten and flung his arms around him.  He stood just tall enough to press his face against Korsten’s chest, which meant that the rest of him was...the rest of him…wasn’t a boy.
Korsten instincts were to get away.  It was reflex almost, but shock restrained him.  “Father of the gods.  You’re not a…what is she doing here?”  Those last words were directed at Merran, but it was Trev who answered.
“I’m sorry I lied,” she said.  “I had to.  I couldn’t just wait anymore.  I had to come and find out what happened to my brother.”  She lifted her face just enough to look up at Korsten, who could see the rigid serving girl from the tavern in Lilende now.  “We’re twins, Trev and I.  He’s always been a bit small for a boy and I’ve always been skinny…everywhere.”  Even in the dim light Korsten could see her redden.  And then she said, “We both look a lot like Father, in the face.  I knew if I cut my hair, and wore my tunic loose enough, I could look exactly like Trev.”
“That’s...all very well,” Korsten replied, gently but determinedly prying the girl off him.  “And where is your brother?”
Accepting the space Korsten put between them, Trev’s sister answered in the meek voice she’d been using while acting as her twin.  Korsten could almost imagine her as the boy he thought he was getting to know.  “He’s sick...at Osley’s.”
“The tavern,” Merran supplied when Korsten glanced to him for explanation.  
The girl continued, her tone hardening, confidence returning.  The illusion of Trev was gone again; the gruff tavern girl was back.  “He’s dying, I think...after some evil touched him.  I’m sure of that.  Weeks ago, he came back to Osley’s to see me.  I don’t know if he’d been given leave or if he ran off because he was scared, but he was more than scared when he got to me.  He told me things...nightmares he’d had while he was up here and...”  Her eyes glistened in the light.  “It gave me chills to listen to him whispering such things at me.  Osley said it was mages behind it.  He told me how they used to serve the Old King, and then how they turned against him, and killed him and all his family.  He said they’ve been tryin’ to rule Edrinor ever since and that they took people’s life out of them and put it into themselves somehow, and that’s how they live so long.  Osley said that Morenne’s coming to help us, that killing off the mages will help them as well, so why shouldn’t they?  He told me that the Vadryn belong to mages and that they turned them loose on Vassenleigh a long time ago to show everyone what they could do.  They haunt the fortress there, like ghouls.  They haunt other places, too, like this keep.  That’s what Osley told me, but...”
The girl flung herself at Korsten again, and began to cry.  “I don’t believe it!  Not since I met you, Master Korsten.  I saw you at Osley’s and thought that you looked sad.  I didn’t know what to think when I saw you here, but...demons can’t be sad.  They can’t have feelings.  They don’t feel anything.  I believe what you said to me about helping people who’ve been stolen by the Vadryn.  Please help my brother.  Please...”
“She’s agreed not to go back to Osley’s tavern for now,” Merran said.  “He told her to find out what she could about what’s been going on here, but I don’t believe he expected her to come back.”
“No?”
“I believe this Osley character was using Trev as his informant, since there was suspicion of one long before Serra’s decision to impersonate her brother.  More than likely, Osley needed her to replace her twin for the very purpose of fending off that suspicion.  Particularly once he knew mages were arriving.  Trev’s disappearance from the outpost would have drawn investigation toward the man who fostered both him and his sister after the death of their parents.  None of the soldiers venturing into the tavern on leave would notice the absence of a girl who spent most of her time in the kitchen.  It probably wouldn’t have occurred to them that Trev even had a sister, if they didn’t know him personally.”
Korsten slipped his arms free of Serra’s crushing embrace.  He placed his hands lightly upon her shoulders and waited for her to look up at him once again.  “Trev didn’t have a lot of friends, did he?”
“He had a lot of bigger, older boys knocking him down all the damn time,” Serra answered, scowling through her tears.  “They kept on doing it when they all became soldiers up here.  I learned that when they did it to me straight away at practice.  I thought about wailing into them with my own blunted weapon, but then I thought about how Trev wouldn’t have, and I was supposed to be him.  So I didn’t.  I just let them keep hitting me, thinking how awful it must have been for Trev...” Her features softened just then.  “You treated me decent, thinking I was him.  You’d have treated my brother decent.  I can see that you care about people. And I...”
“Merran,” Korsten said, deliberately stopping her.  It was becoming difficult to listen to.  She was wrong anyway.  Korsten didn’t like to see people hurt, but it wasn’t for people that he did what he did.  Everything he had been doing for the past thirty years, including living, was for Renmyr.  He wasn’t the compassionate soul she seemed to think he was and therefore there was no justification for her sudden adoration.  She was simply scared and confused, Korsten decided and said to Merran, “If Osley is our spy from Morenne and this girl his unwitting informant...or the replacement for his unwitting informant, meant to decoy us...where’s the demon?”
“Osley isn’t from Morenne,” Merran corrected.  “He probably wants to defect.  Maybe he wants to get others to do so as well and save Lilende by promising loyalty to its conquerors.”
“I had wondered about your sudden cruel streak in overlooking an evacuation,” Korsten said somewhat dryly.  “So you believe it’s safe not to be concerned with Lilende because of Osley’s possible rallying against his own country.  Where does that leave the keep?”
“Direct targets of both the Morennish army and the Vadryn.”
“The Vadryn being?”
“Someone twenty-two young men trust a great deal, or at least whose regular beating on them won’t make anyone suspicious of wrongdoing.”
“Bael,” Korsten answered at once, completely surprised at how he’d overlooked the man, entirely.  And then it occurred to him.  “That would explain the overall lack of morale hanging over the troops, all of whom train under him at one time or another during the course of their daily routines.  He can grin all he wants to, but that won’t change what he is behind the grin, will it?  Still, I didn’t see it.  I wouldn’t have seen it.  Why?”
Merran offered a slight shrug.  “As you said yourself; your talent for-” Korsten halted the word before it formed with hard eye contact, and Merran rephrased in midsentence after glancing at Serra.  “Your primary talent has yet to attain Ambience.”
“I thought you said that wouldn’t make a difference.”
“I said that Ambience would not be necessary where the topic of gaining trust is concerned and, barring Grisch, that has proven to be accurate.”
Korsten’s humorless smile just then called his fellow mage a familiar name, not the one given him at birth, and then he said, “What are we going to do?  The Morennish army is coming.  We can’t have those unfortunate soldiers awakening to the truth before they get here…or when they get here, for that matter.  The chaos within will be enough to forget the threat from without altogether once it starts.”
“Bael has to be stopped tonight,” Merran decided.  Korsten nodded agreement and Merran added, “I have enough experience at this to handle the tainted soldiers, even if they should awaken.  We both know that you do not.”
Korsten couldn’t disagree with that.  However, he didn’t know if he could agree with the alternative, either.  “You’re leaving Bael to me?”
“You know how to perform the Release spell.”
“I’ve gone through the motions, but never actually...”
“There’s a first time for everyone,” Merran replied seriously.  “Yours is now.”
Korsten felt tense suddenly, apprehensive about this sudden unavoidable call to duty.  Merran needed his help after all.  He couldn’t do it alone.  Well, perhaps he could, but there would undoubtedly be more loss as a result, of both life and time.
“He isn’t a Master,” Merran said, as if he knew.  Korsten believed that he probably did.  His mistake where Renmyr was concerned was something entirely different.  “I’m sure that you can free the man from the demon, without killing the man.”
“And the demon?” Korsten asked in a low tone, hoping to mask the tremble in his voice.
“Eviction from their chosen hosts always makes them testy,” Merran said, and while Korsten frowned at his poorly timed humor, he added, “It may try to reclaim Bael.  Attempting to Release the same individual twice is rarely successful.  Take it down quickly, Korsten, then finish the Release.  Banish it from this world.”
“What can I do?” Serra asked, reminding Korsten of her presence. 
Korsten looked at her, knowing what needed to be done without asking Merran.  He slipped his hand beneath her chin and gently lifted her face, simultaneously invoking one of the few spells that required no gesture so long as physical contact was made with the subject.  “You’re a very brave young woman, but the best way for you to help us is to wait here.”
Serra might have protested, but her greenish eyes fell gradually closed and erased the argumentative frown from her face.  She slumped against Korsten and he lifted her into his arms, carrying her back to the chair she’d previously been seated in.  Merran’s Lantern followed as he had cast it for the girl.  After placing her in the chair, Korsten glanced about, finally recognizing what manner of room he was in.  A twinge of grief and annoyance struck him at the sight of stacks of neglected books heaped upon shelves draped in webbing.  “What a fine waste this is.  And why do I believe that this library is the only room at the keep Grisch lacked the ambition to clean?”
“His predecessor probably lacked that ambition first,” Merran pointed out.
Korsten decided to leave the subject alone.  Stepping back from Serra, he asked, “Will she be safe here?”
“I’ll put a Binding on the door,” Merran said.
“Trev’s been infected, hasn’t he?”
Merran nodded.  “Yes.  And it’s dangerous for him to be at that tavern.  He may feel a little tired or ill now, but soon he may discover how to make himself feel well.  Osley may not be a loss for us to be concerned with, but two tainted souls is even more dangerous than one.”  In a moment Merran added, “I’ll go back to Lilende once I’ve put the infected soldiers to rest.  When she wakes up, provided this all works out as easily as I’ve planned it, I’ll explain to Grisch about her while you explain to her about Trev.”
“What makes you think I’m qualified for such a task?”
“Her feelings for you qualifies you.”
“They aren’t genuine feelings, I’ll remind you.  It’s nothing more than girlish infatuation.  And she seemed to trust you well enough to have let you lead her down here for a full confession.”
“Her options were limited,” Merran said.  “Since my examination discovered her secret; that she wasn’t Trev, who had previously been one of the soldiers who’d been complaining about weariness.”
Trying not to imagine how awkward that situation must have been, Korsten finally agreed to be the one to explain about Trev, realizing that dealing with Grisch was even lower on his list of desirable options.

~

The only way to bring himself voluntarily near to a demon was to not think about the demon.  Korsten went to the armory looking for a man, one who would not be alone while the outpost prepared for the impending battle.  Performing a Release spell in the presence of others was not an option.  Korsten recalled too well what had happened to Hedren.  So the only question remained how to separate Bael from the soldiers?  He thought back on the training sessions he’d attended.  The man was as friendly as Grisch accused and very open to hearing what others had to say.  The man was and so the demon had to be.  It could act like Bael, but it couldn’t alter the effect of its presence on the soldiers, particularly the young men it had been siphoning life essence from.  It couldn’t prevent them slowly dying, lingering due to the poison the demon had fed to them, that had replaced their souls but not their minds.  They were dead and didn’t know it.  Undoubtedly the demon had refrained from enforcing its will upon them because that would bring them around to the dismal fact of the matter and alert everyone else to the reality of the rumors they’d been hearing and passing around.  The demon didn’t want that until it had taken all it could from this small pocket of humanity.
So, as long as the beast was pretending to be Bael, it was best to pretend that it actually was Bael.  Korsten spent his journey to the armory thinking of what he could possibly have to say to Bael at a time such as this, something urgent enough to draw him away from his duties without arousing any suspicions.  Not surprising he got to the armory and had no idea what to say.  He simply stood in the doorway, looking at the man, hoping that he didn’t seem apprehensive while his heart slipped into a quicker rhythm.
The arms master brought his gaze up from the weapons rack he seemed to be in the process of inspecting, even as soldiers ransacked it, and smiled immediately.  “Master Korsten!  Looking for a true blade now that the fight’s actually come?”
Thinking of Hedren...seeing red...so much red...Korsten managed only to shake his head.  Say something.  He’s going to guess what’s on your mind.  You can’t perform the spell here, like this.  Not with so many people around who could be hurt by the demon once it’s out.
Bael’s smile faded and he started coming forward.  Korsten tensed, especially as the man arrived very near to him and placed a hand on his arm.  “What’s come over you?  You look ill.”
Korsten’s blood went cold.  He almost began to tremble, but he somehow willed himself not to.  “I...I’m fine.  I’ll be all right.  I just…I learned that Trev...has gone missing.”
Bael frowned, then glanced about the armory as if to visually confirm that.  “I was sure that I just saw the lad.”
“I thought you might know where he is,” Korsten continued.  “I know things are hectic now, but could you spare a few moments to help me...”
For no apparent reason, Korsten’s heart began to beat faster.  He could hear the accelerated rhythm resounding off the walls of his skull.  It formed a muted ringing in his ears that made it difficult to hear his own voice.  He felt warm under his skin, unpleasantly so, as if his blood had begun to boil in his veins.
Beside him, Bael was talking, responding to his request by summoning a nearby soldier.  “Ecland, Master Korsten needs assistance in something.  Come and provide it, will you?”
No, Korsten was thinking as his stomach began to overturn.  Not you.  Damn you, Bael, don’t make this hard.  And then he began to feel truly sick.  For an instant he thought that he might vomit, but he managed to hold his stomach down.  Covering his mouth, he backed up from the two men attempting to help him.  “I’ll be fine,” he choked.  “Too much stress, I suspect, and too little sleep.”  An idea formed and he went with it.  “I won’t be needed immediately.  I think I’d better have a quick lie down, escape all of this chaos for a moment, before it gets worse.  Excuse me, gentlemen.  Please.”
Korsten left, and he knew as soon as his blood began to quiet and his heart rate to slow a bit that something had changed in him.  Perhaps it was knowledge he’d been waiting for; knowledge that he was in the presence of one of the Vadryn before Allurance would come to full term, enabling him to sense the foulness hidden within human flesh.  Allurance had attained Ambience.  He was sure of it.  The feeling that had come over him reminded him strongly of the times his other gifts had Resonated and also of Emergence...the moment Renmyr tried to...
Ren, it’s you.  My memories of you, my feelings for you, and the pain you dealt me; they’re the catalysts to each transition.  I don’t believe I ever would have suffered Emergence if not for you and your actions that day.  Training at the Seminary I wanted Resonance, because I wanted to save you.  I was driven by my suffering and my love for you.  And now, being in this situation reminds me of Haddowyn.  The pain is tremendous, but the magic inside me rebels, insisting that I become stronger.
Korsten allowed those thoughts to carry him up to his room and to occupy him while he waited.  Several minutes after he’d seated himself on the edge of his bed, he heard footsteps in the hall.  He decided to lay down and pretend at least that he was resting.  Truthfully, he could not quite relax.  His heart was still beating faster than normal and his blood raced, flushing his skin a soft pink, he imagined.  He didn’t quite feel like himself, but he knew why.  He knew when the door opened that he was in the company of yet another demon.  He was alone with it.
Just lie still, he told himself.  This one honestly believes that it’s fooled you with its disguise.  Don’t scare it away.  
Korsten listened to footsteps coming in and wondered if he should ask for something, so that the individual would have to come nearer.  Too near to get away when he cast the Release spell and near enough that he could strike down the demon before it jumped back into its host.  There was a pitcher of water on the table in the corner, near the window.  Perfect.
Korsten almost made his request when the bedroom door drew shut.  He might have looked to see if his quarry had abandoned him, but he could still feel it near.  And now he wasn’t so certain who was the quarry.  Something felt…wrong.  He decided to turn his head after all.
Ecland stared back at him for a moment, looking as if he might retreat, like a child who’d been scolded.  He didn’t, though, perhaps because Korsten didn’t scold him, not even as the younger man dared a small, mischievous smile, one that somehow didn’t repel.  In fact, it appeared handsome on the soldier’s squared jaw, beneath a straight nose.  His blue eyes gleamed attractively beneath his softly sculpted brow.  Now that Korsten was actually looking at him, he could see plainly that he was looking at a very handsome young man.  Perhaps not as young as he looked...and not a demon.
“How long did it take you to figure me out?” Ecland asked, still smiling, confident in both tone and manner.  He reached idly back to bolt the door, then came closer to the bed, sauntering as a low bred, unranked soldier would not have.  “When did you see through my mask?  I was sure your sneaky partner would be the one to realize exactly what I was, but I suppose he gave his attention too much to other concerns.”
Korsten said nothing.  Ecland shrugged , then came the rest of the way to the bed.  He sat down, looking back at Korsten.  “Oh, don’t be angry.  After all, I haven’t actually betrayed you.  You weren’t even at the Seminary when I decided to leave it.  Nor was Merran.”  And then he chuckled.  “I’ll admit that I was worried for a moment when I heard that Ashwin was sending a pair of mages to us.  I thought he might send someone older, but this is probably the last thing he was expecting...a mage giving a helping hand to both Morenne and the Vadryn.  Here, of all places.”
“Why?” Korsten finally asked, and it was the only word he could form for the moment.
“No special reason,” Ecland replied.  He leaned further onto the bed, over Korsten, laying his hand upon Korsten’s chest.  He did so casually, seeking no permission, as if they’d been intimate before.  “You’ve attained Ambience of some kind.  Allurance, isn’t it?  I can feel it.”  He laughed softly.  “I can see it.  You look very tempting wearing red beneath your whites.”
Korsten found the sense to be offended and moved to get up.  Ecland grabbed his shirt with both hands, as if he would roughly assist in pulling Korsten up, but then he straddled Korsten and was kissing him, passionately.  Korsten didn’t fight him.
“You’ve come here to ruin my fun,” Ecland eventually said, stealing quick tastes of Korsten’s mouth as he did so.  “I think I’ll give you something else to do.  Have you ever wondered what would happen if two mages with Allurance as their Ambience were to get into bed together?”
Korsten didn’t have to wonder.  He was beginning to find out as Ecland’s kisses kept coming and he kept letting them come.  His heart was rattling again and his blood heating.  Desire was rising in him and he could tell by the soft sounds Ecland was making in the back of his throat that his state of wanting was just as strong, growing stronger.
“People will die for your games,” Korsten told him, sighing helplessly while Ecland spread open his jerkin and tongued his burning skin from naval to throat, slowly.  Korsten lifted his arms around him, very quickly wanting to draw this man into him, completely.  It had nothing to do with thought or emotion of any kind.  It was purely physical, a yearning for contact like none he had ever felt before.  It was a need like having to draw air into the lungs, yet he knew that no amount of it would sate him and he would asphyxiate after all.
“People will die,” Ecland replied, sitting up long enough to strip out of his tunic.  “It’s what they do.  Who cares about the method?  War, decrepitude, plague, demons...what difference does it make?”  He grinned devishly, unlacing Korsten’s breeches.  “Excuse me, love, while I hasten things along.  I prefer sex to seduction, you see.  Actually, I usually prefer women to men, but...details... As long as there’s someplace to-”
Korsten swatted Ecland’s unlacing hand away.  He was surprised at how much effort the simple act required of him, how he didn’t want the other man to stop.
Ecland hovered over him, not in the least discouraged.  “Don’t tell me you’re one of those people who likes to get it gentle.  I was hoping to experience something more...invigorating.”
Korsten closed his eyes, struggling to catch his breath.  Ecland took that for invitation and had to be batted away a second time.  While he groaned complaint, Korsten willed himself to calm down, and said, “I’m not doing anything with you.”
“Don’t try to pretend that you don’t want it,” Ecland replied, still sitting on Korsten.  “And don’t you even dream of telling me that you don’t like getting it from other men.  I’ve known too many like you, lovely.  Now, shut up and let’s get this done.  It’s beginning to hurt.”
Korsten would have wept in the past, to be talked to like this and treated with such a complete lack of respect.  He couldn’t cry right now, however.  He ached just as much as Ecland claimed to and was even tempted to obey the other mage.  Just now Korsten wanted to be taken, however roughly his would-be partner intended to do it.  He didn’t care about the pain that would be involved.  He wanted the same thing Ecland wanted at the moment; sex.  Seducing Ecland wasn’t his intention, but he had just achieved Ambience and was somewhat out of control immediately afterward.  Seduction was Ecland’s agenda, however, and he had obviously been practicing magic much longer than Korsten.  He was a rogue mage, older than Merran, possibly as old as Ashwin, who had turned away from the Seminary…to embrace what?  What was he trying to accomplish?
Ecland leaned closer, smiling a little differently now, eyes glazed with desire.  “Are you one of those people who has difficulty consorting with an enemy?  Would you feel less guilt if I used force?”  He brought his left hand toward Korsten’s face, as if to gently stroke.  Korsten knew better, and blocked him.  He held the other mage’s fingers in his hand, aware that the slightest movement could be the working of a spell against him.  Ecland laughed, but he didn’t sound as amused as before.  “You won’t be the first I’ve had to bully.  Is that really how you want it?”
Korsten wanted it.  How wouldn’t have mattered, except that he couldn’t allow this.  He couldn’t allow this situation to get out of control.  Bael still had to be stopped.  Merran was counting on Korsten to stop him.  Of course, he hadn’t anticipated this, but now was Korsten’s time to resolve a matter on his own.  No one was going to help him now.  And Ecland wasn’t going to let him live once he’d had his way.  Korsten couldn’t afford to believe that he would.
Staring up into the other man’s impassioned gaze, Korsten realized that he wasn’t a victim yet.  You have him, just as much as he has you.  Until this finishes, we’re both standing on the same ground, regardless of his age and experience as a mage.
Finally, Korsten brought the hand he’d been holding to his mouth, and kissed the warm palm.  After a moment, he sat up a little, shrugging gracefully out of his jerkin, rolling Ecland onto his back.  Korsten began kissing him before he could protest.  Slowly, expertly, he set about tasting Ecland’s skin, one burning inch at a time.  Ecland began to tremble beneath Korsten’s ministrations and Korsten was soon working his way back up Ecland’s fit body, ignoring his bereft whimper as he avoided what Ecland really wanted in those moments.  Korsten knew that he would hate himself for this later, but he knew that he needed to take control here, else be controlled himself and eventually killed.  Ecland would go after Merran next, perhaps killing him as well.  Bael would continue feeding off the young soldiers until all of them were dead or too weak to be useful, or until the tainted men began to feed as well, causing a riot at the outpost that would bring it down before Morenne had the chance.  One of Edrinor’s last pillars of support would fall.  They will have failed their country and their people...Ashwin...Ren...
Korsten kept at the body beneath him, pinning it with his touch and his charm.  He maneuvered so that his legs and feet held Ecland’s lower half down.  He let his hands and mouth occupy the upper, squeezing and caressing bare flesh, going slow but not stopping.  Ecland eventually lifted his hands to Korsten’s waist, prepared to switch their positions again and to finally take his opponent in this game of seduction.  Korsten made his kisses suddenly more eager, harder as he moved along Ecland’s chest, toward his neck.  Korsten licked Ecland’s throat, sliding his right hand over the other mage’s left breast.  And then he kissed him full on the mouth, deeply enough to make him forget what his own hand was doing.  I’m sorry, Ecland.
His tongue was in the other man’s mouth, a very dangerous place for it to be, so he slipped out and in the same instant shot silver out of his hand.  Sudden, hard, and sharp, the magic substance stored beneath Korsten’s skin penetrated Ecland’s flesh, broke through his ribcage, and pierced his heart.
Ecland gasped and his eyes shot wide.  One hand jolted up and latched onto Korsten’s arm, squeezing hard enough to hurt, but Korsten didn’t react.  He stared down into Ecland’s blue eyes with remorse, watching the light fade.  Warmth pooled beneath his hand, gliding through his fingers, toward the mattress.  A tear escaped Korsten and splashed onto Ecland’s cheek.
The other mage’s features relaxed just then and he even smiled a little, blue eyes lidding slowly.  “Aren’t you beautiful?” he said very quietly.  And then he closed his eyes.  His hand slipped away from Korsten’s arm and dropped onto the bed.
Korsten stared down at him for a long time, frozen in the cold reality of his deed.  His heart seemed to stop working.  It was several minutes before he finally lifted himself off the man and the bed, pulling half the bedding over Ecland’s body with one hand.  After he’d finished he lowered onto the floor beside the bed, holding his bloodied hand away from himself as if it were a severed stump.  He didn’t know for certain when the scarlet dragonfly arrived, but it made him weep to see her flit away from Ecland’s covered body and fly from the room.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Korsten didn’t know how long he’d wasted in his grief and shock after Ecland’s death.  Surely no more than a half an hour.  He spent some of that time cleaning up a bit and redressing, crying throughout.  He’ d never killed a man before.  He would never have dreamed that he would take a life under the circumstances he recently had.  The event would haunt his nightmares for some time.
Calm again, for now, Korsten emerged from his room into an empty passageway.  He stood in momentary silence, eyes closed, before casting a Binding on the door and walking away.  His path was brief.  Several paces from the first intersection in the hall, he was stopped by a presence.  Now that he’d felt the demon, in spite of Ecland’s distraction, he scarcely had to concentrate to pick up its signature.
“Bael,” Korsten said quietly, almost tiredly.  He felt numb after what had happened in his bedroom.  If he dared to feel otherwise, he would have felt sickened with himself and saddened still by the death that resulted of his and Ecland’s unexpected confrontation.  He didn’t want to kill Bael.  He could save him.  I will save him.
The arms master came around the corner, leaned into the wall with his arms folded across his chest, and smiled at Korsten.  “Yes, I’m here,” he said in his typically cheerful tone.  “I suppose I should have left by now, knowing what you know, my lad, but you and Ecland did generate a fair cloud of magic during your little roll together.  I could smell it over the constant stench of the armory and the stables...and hundreds of bodies sweating with fear.  You’re very well-endowed for one so young...magically speaking, of course.”
Korsten’s emotions were still not functioning normally.  He could only stare with vague despondence at the arms master.  When he finally spoke, his voice sounded muffled and the words felt heavy issuing off his tongue.  “Did you know about Ecland?”
Bael raised his brow and shook his head just slightly, still smiling.  “No, actually.  It’s rather amusing to think about the way he hid himself.  But, maybe it’s not so difficult to understand, since I was never attracted to him as I was to the others.  Your life energy doesn’t interest me either, if you’d like to know.  I can sense your magic when you use it, but otherwise you seem somehow lacking.  Ecland was the same way.”  Bael lifted his face, sniffing the air.  “I can smell his blood now.  Not as sweet as others, but tempting all the same.  I don’t suppose you’ll allow me to...” He laughed a little while Korsten just stared at him.  “No.  I didn’t think so.”
“Leave that body,” Korsten advised, a frown forming on his lips now.
Bael sighed, keeping his voice pleasant.  “You know, I don’t consider myself an enemy to mages simply on principle.  I’m not really interested in all of this warring everyone seems so caught up in.  I don’t even like to kill my donors when I don’t have to.  Oh, don’t look at me like that.  Why do you think I haven’t simply taken everyone here?  An isolated place like this...it would be no trouble at all.  I like it here.  It’s as simple as that.”
“You can’t stay,” Korsten told the demon.  “Those young men you’ve been feeding from are dying.  Some of them are already dead.  You have to leave.”
Bael’s smile slowly left him.  “You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“You can’t stay,” Korsten repeated.
“It isn’t as if I’ve killed Bael.  He’s still here.”  The arms master unfolded his arms and touched one hand to his chest.  “His body is in perfect health.  And I’ve kept up his reputation, his life as he made it.”
“His life, as he made it.  Not you.”
“No one knows the difference.”
“I do,” Korsten said before Bael was finished, his tone firming along with his frown.  “And so do twenty-two young men and one young woman, whose lives you’ve been stealing from them, a little at a time.”
Bael firmed his chin with a hint of indignation.  “I never touched that silly girl.  But some of the soldiers you’re so concerned about would have surely enough, had they known what I knew, what I could smell.  Think about who you’re protecting, mage.  Decent men, yes.  Some of them.  But some of them are also lechers, thieves, liars, rapists...”
Korsten listened to this…thing talking, speaking as if it were human and had rights in this world.  As if it were perfectly natural and just for a demon to take over a human life.  “You’re leaving that body,” Korsten determined.  “I’ll force you from it, if I must.”
“Now you’re beginning to annoy me.”  Bael stepped further into the hall.  Korsten didn’t know what he was waiting for.  He should have been working the Release spell, but he wasn’t.  The arms master drew his sword and charged at Korsten quicker than he could rethink his hesitation.
Korsten summoned his own weapon almost too late.  Bael’s blade slammed against his own, forcing Korsten back a step.  The shock of the blow resounded through his hand and up to his shoulder.  Quickly, Korsten closed his left hand into a loose fist, opened it again, and extended two fingers, then raised his hand in Bael’s direction.  The arms master’s next attack was slightly off.  Korsten batted it away and put more space between them, watching his opponent stagger under the influence of a Megrim spell.  Korsten didn’t dare put his weapon away yet.  They were still too close and Bael wasn’t as disoriented as he should have been.  Perhaps the spell had been rushed too much, or channeled in such a way that it didn’t quite envelop Bael.
The arms master spun himself and his sword about aimlessly, but still determinedly.  Korsten leapt back from his errant swing and continued with defense when Bael found him again.  The other man’s movement was less confident, his attacks as unsure as a drunkard’s steps.  Korsten waited, and found an opening.  Taking full advantage, careful not to actually harm the man, he locked up their blades, freed Bael of his larger sword, and gave him a solid shove backward.  Bael staggered, but didn’t drop.  The look on his face was one of rage, unreasonable.  He came at Korsten, armed with just his hands.
Korsten could have extended his blade and let Bael run onto it, he was so hapless in his rage, but that would have killed him and empowered the demon as it abandoned the corpse.  Instead, Korsten put away his sword and flipped twice over backward, putting ample space between himself and his opponent.  He brought his hands together without touching and made the necessary gestures to perform a Release.  The patterned movement ended with both Korsten’s hands thrust out toward Bael, the heels of them touching.  A near invisible burst of magic thundered out of Korsten’s hands, soaring at the oncoming man and bowling him over.  Bael rolled over once as he hit the floor and then lay still on his stomach.
Shocked and a little excited by the power he’d just used, that had come out of him for the first time, Korsten could only stare at his victim.  He wondered if he’d done it wrong or too close and wound up killing Bael after all.  And where was the demon?  He hadn’t seen it come out of the arms master.  He remembered that it had taken a moment with Markam, but that was different, Markam had died.  Bael wasn’t dead.  Please, he can’t be.
Slowly, Korsten lowered his hands.  He wasn’t sure what to do, but he knew one thing certainly.  He wasn’t going anywhere near that body until he knew for a fact that the demon was out of it.  Maybe the spell didn’t work.  Merran never said it would take this long.  I must have done something wrong.
“Bael...” Korsten began, then noticed the stream of gray mist that blended almost perfectly with the dusty floor, coming at him.  He backed up just when the demon decided to manifest its hand and reach for Korsten’s ankle.  He thought instantly of Areld, clawing up his leg.  Panic jolted his nerves, but he managed not to fall down screaming.  He summoned his silver blade once again and stabbed the rising arm.
The demon howled, then shot wholly out of the floor.  A sudden deathly chill fell over Korsten as the wraith loomed over him...just like the one that had come out of Markam.  In his moment’s hesitation, the Vadryn lashed out and caught Korsten’s throat in one painfully icy grip.  Its arm was unnaturally long, too long for Korsten to accurately attack with his blade.  He could try severing the limb that had him, but the angle was all wrong.  He wasn’t strong enough, nor was his blade.  It came out thin and light; he couldn’t add mass to it and there was only so much.  If he manifested it thicker, it would inevitably be shorter.  Maybe he could cause the demon enough pain to make it recoil.  Or maybe...
Even as Korsten considered his plan of action, while he was in the process of attempting to pry the demon’s clawed grip from his throat…on the verge of letting out his blade and hoping to injure it, the beast grabbed onto his right wrist and pulled back his hand.  The demon lifted Korsten’s arm up and away from his body, rendering the sword useless before it was even summoned.
Korsten thought suddenly of Hedren, torn open...blood everywhere.  His heart seemed to rise up and clog his throat.  He realized in a moment that that was the demon’s hand, choking him.
“Clever mages,” the wraith hissed.  “Spells to block us getting in?  I’ll bring you to the brink of death, so that your concentration and your will barely exist.  When your spell becomes weak, I will break through it, and wear you for a while.”  The demon’s gray face distorted in a nasty little smile.  “Won’t we be pretty?  It will be that much easier taking others.”
The demon was wrong, but didn’t know it.  It couldn’t control what wasn’t there, what Analee was holding on to.  Still, let it think what it wanted.  Perhaps Korsten could use that to his advantage.  If he could just breathe...
The edges of Korsten’s world were beginning to black out.  He couldn’t afford to lose consciousness.  Sleep spells didn’t work on the Vadryn while they were away from a human host, nor did Megrim.  The only assault spell Korsten knew was a Blast spell and while it was universal and relatively easy to cast, at this range it would cause the caster just as much harm as the target.  He needed his sword...or did he?
Korsten knew the magic substance was inside him.  He could feel it just beneath his skin.  With the merest push of his will, he could make it surface.  When he was finished with the blade, he always pulled it back in and stopped after letting the material spread in his hand.  An entire sword didn’t form of a tiny lump of silver.  He knew that.  Some of the blade was forged purely of magic.  That being the case, could he pull that material in deeper?  Could he draw some of it away from his hand, down his arm...
He decided to try.  Closing his eyes, he felt for the magic that wasn’t a natural part of him.  He found it quickly, and began to pull.  At first it tried to come all at once, and that hurt like Hell’s depths.  He stopped, forced himself to ignore the sudden ache in his wrist, then tried separating a fragment of the magic from the whole.  Korsten felt the separation like a pulled muscle.  He gasped, twice as the Vadryn gave him a shake to see if he’d suffocated yet.  Korsten flashed his eyes open, then let them flutter closed, concentrating on the dabble of magic he’d succeeded in migrating from the rest...down his arm...toward his shoulder...into his chest...
His heart tripped over it, causing more brief pain inside.  Frowning in concentration, pulling the magic against his brain’s wanting to snuff out like a candle flame deprived of air, Korsten sucked the silvery substance toward his neck, into his throat, where it ricocheted suddenly against the walls of his windpipe.  Korsten almost swallowed instinctively.  And then he coughed, catching the magic in his mouth.
“Aren’t you finished yet?” the demon grumbled, closing its burning cold fingers even tighter, almost hard enough to snap Korsten’s neck.
Korsten opened his eyes, staring up at the beast with a sudden, chilling sensation of calm.  The beast glared and maybe would have broken Korsten’s neck, but Korsten suddenly spat silver out at it.  As the substance flew, it took shape, that of a short, narrow spike, and embedded itself deep into the Vadryn’s skull.
The demon’s head snapped back.  In the next moment, the clawed hands released Korsten, and the beast fell.  Korsten collapsed to his knees, choking, gulping down large swallows of air and massaging his hurting neck.  In front of him, the Vadryn dissolved into a misty puddle and evaporated harmlessly into the air.  Edrinor had one less demon to be concerned with.
Korsten crawled forward to reclaim the silver spike.  Rather than simply pick it up, he discovered that he could will it into a semi-liquid state, reshape it into a tiny bead, and finally take it back into his hand, where he felt it join with the rest.  As his mind and body began to calm down, he came to realize that he never wanted to do what he’d just done again.  Drawing the magical substance through his body like that had caused him to ache from wrist to shoulder, chest and throat.  He would simply have to be quicker the next time he faced one of the Vadryn.
The next time?  Gods, I must have lost my senses entirely.  Do I truly mean to do this again?  To go on doing this, like Merran?
Before Korsten could dwell on the matter, Bael groaned a few paces away.  Korsten got to his feet and went to him, helping the dazed arms master to his feet.  “Are you all right, Bael?  Are you hurt anywhere?”
“Am I...”  Holding his head as if to steady it, Bael struggled with his answer.  And then he looked up at the mage supporting him.  A look of bewilderment crossed his once cunning features.  “I don’t think I’m injured, no.”  Frowning with one side of his mouth, smiling with the other, he said, “I don’t seem to remember your name, lad.  Did you just arrive?”
“Actually, you’ve just returned,” Korsten said, smiling at him helplessly.  Relieved and happy to have saved the other man’s life, he added warmly, “Welcome back, Master Bael.”

~

Merran returned to the disused library feeling routinely ill after performing his duty to the Seminary; to himself and to humanity, he reminded.  Eighteen young men were dead.  Not by his hand.  They were dead before Merran went to them and put an end to the unnatural lives they’d unknowingly been leading.  Three of them were difficult, awakening at the last moment.  Most of them he scarcely had to face, but those three who fought him, and Trev...
He’d Reached to the tavern in Lilende after finishing his task at the outpost.  Osley was dead, recently slain by the infected boy he’d been harboring.  Trev had been in the process of devouring the elder when Merran came upon him.  The tavern’s patrons were oblivious to what went on in the tiny room behind the kitchen where a few of his employees lived.  During business hours, only Trev occupied the room while his sister, who should have been at work in the kitchen or common room, pretended to be him at the keep.  Apparently, Osley had come in to check on the lad, who had evidently awakened hungry.  Merran did what he had to, and hated it.  In his haste to move from one potential crisis to the next, he had forgotten to check up on Korsten, whose own tasks were nothing small.  He trusted his fellow mage.  Korsten had the power and the skill to do what was expected of him where the Vadryn were concerned.  He had only lacked the courage before, but what Korsten didn’t seem to know about himself was that he had never failed when faced with a demon.  True, he panicked more than a bit at first, but he had yet to run from an enemy.  And that was why Merran was not surprised to find Korsten in the library ahead of him, standing near the web-veiled table at the center of the room, his arms wrapped around a certain young woman as she wept.
Korsten looked at Merran as he entered, showing his friend the sorrow in his deep brown eyes.  He was without a doubt the most sensitive person Merran had ever known.  Not even Ashwin shed a tear quite so readily, at least not recently.  Merran could only assume Korsten’s current unhappiness was owed to Serra’s upset and to lingering remorse for having killed Bael in his attempt to extinguish the demon occupying his soul.
“It’s done,” Merran said, knowing that that was all he needed to say.
Korsten nodded, then gently pushed Serra out of their embrace.  He just looked at her for several moments, and then said softly, “This isn’t over.  The Morennish are still coming.  It isn’t your duty to stay here, Serra, but I can’t guarantee you that town will be any safer than here.”
“I want to stay here,” the young woman said, wiping at her eyes with one hand.  “And I don’t want to hide.  I want to fight.  I’ve been training.  You’re going to need all the soldiers here, whether they’re supposed to be here or not.  I want to help.  I can do it.”
Korsten didn’t try to argue with her.  In a moment he said, “Keep your secret and your brother’s name for now.”  When Serra nodded, he added, “You’ll find Bael in the armory.  I’m sure he’ll have something for you to do.”
The girl wiped at her eyes again and started to leave, turning back just long enough to rise to her tiptoes and place a light kiss on Korsten’s jaw.  Korsten smiled at her a little, fondly perhaps but not encouragingly.  Serra left with nothing more exchanged between them.
Absently touching his face where Serra had kissed him, Korsten gave his attention fully to Merran, who was both surprised and proud of the evident fact that Bael had survived after all.  Korsten had accomplished on his first try what Merran and other mages with centuries more experience still had difficulty accomplishing.  In spite of that, the redhead appeared depressed and concerned.  Soon he revealed why.  “There was a mage here.  An old one.”
Merran listened patiently to Korsten’s story and wasn’t surprised that it ended with the other man sitting down and despising himself after giving the details of his encounter with Ecland.  That name was not one that belonged to any mage from the Seminary and Merran could not say that he recognized Ecland in appearance beyond another young soldier at the outpost.  Perhaps Ashwin or one of the other Superiors would know who he was and how he’d held onto his youth for so many years after having left the Seminary, as he’d claimed to.  In the meantime...
There was Korsten to deal with.  Crying again, making a good show of being weak, though Merran knew very well that he was not.  He knew that the other man was more resilient than he would admit to himself, far braver than he would ever let on, damned talented in magecraft...and the person Merran couldn’t help but to care for with all his heart.
I’m in love with you, Korsten Brierly...and you wouldn’t believe me if I told you.  You’re so sure that you seduced me, you won’t accept the possibility that I wanted to be with you.  If you could, you’d push me away, like you do Ashwin.  I know I’ve condemned myself with this lie, but I also know I’d be damned for revealing the truth.  And the truth is...quite simply...that I love you.

~

Korsten felt like a helpless and foolish child, crying the way that he was, but he couldn’t help himself.  Recalling what he’d done with Ecland, and to him…he hated himself.  He knew better than to cry on Merran and he refused to ask for the other mage’s healing.  It was wrong of him to be so reliant on someone else.  Renmyr was proof of that and besides, he didn’t like using his friend that way.  And he was using him.  Korsten knew that he wasn’t the answer to Merran’s loneliness.  He could convince the man otherwise for the span of a night, but it wasn’t fair, not for either of them.  In the end Merran was still alone, and Korsten still hurt.
“We’re not finished yet,” Merran said, crouching down before him, keeping his healing hands to himself.  “Morenne still has to be dealt with.  We have to defend this outpost.”
“I know,” Korsten said, slowly regaining control.  “You’re right, Merran.”
“I’ll report to Grisch,” Merran offered.  “You should get some rest before things escalate.  Take my bed.  Try to relax and put what’s happened out of your mind for now.”
Korsten nodded unhappily, thinking about the body he’d left in his own bed.  He was never going to be able to put that out of his mind.  Not ever.

~

Once in Merran’s bed, Korsten lay still for what felt like a long time, but didn’t sleep.  He listened to the sounds rising from the yards below as everyone else assisted in preparations for the keep’s defense.  I should be helping.  I was tired, but Merran must be also.  Confronting eighteen undead youngsters in only a few hours...
The door opened and someone entered the room.  On edge still, Korsten shot upright, prepared for a confrontation.  With what, he didn’t know.  The demon and its hapless underlings were gone.  Ecland was gone.  The only threat remaining was still on its way.  It could be days before the Morenne army finally arrived.  That could be days to evacuate Lilende, or at least warn them.  Merran wasn’t worried, though.  That much was obvious still as he carried himself across the room.
“I explained things to Grisch,” the blue-eyed mage said.  “He doesn’t like it, of course, but he’s forced to accept it.  Near twenty soldiers were lost, but the Vadryn’s oppressive shadow was lifted.  Lars is already doing a fine job rallying the others.  I think Morenne sent a small army thinking it would be easy to take this outpost.  Osley’s reports about the Vadryn—what would seem like a shared case of insanity to the Morennish—probably made them believe there wouldn’t be much left once they arrived and that they would simply have to occupy the keep, suffering minimal resistance.  Fortunately, because of Trev’s condition and our discovering Serra before she was ready to report back to Osley, word of our presence never reached the Morenne troops.  Possibly, that is what they have been waiting for.”
“A final report on the situation here?” Korsten said, watching Merran nod.  He leaned back onto his elbows as the other mage lowered routinely onto the edge of the mattress, resuming his role as physician.  “I’m feeling better,” he lied, before Merran could ask.
However, Merran wasn’t easily convinced.  “Are you sure you didn’t sustain any injuries while fighting the demon?  We can’t afford to have them complaining during battle.”
“Or me,” Korsten translated.  Then he sighed, “I suppose my neck still hurts a bit after being nearly crushed.”
Merran smiled in his mysterious way and reached his hand out, holding it just in front of Korsten’s throat.  He began his healing spell and the pain began to leave instantly.  “I’m proud of you, by the way.”
Korsten’s instinct was to laugh, but he managed only to form a half smile.  It didn’t take him long to realize that Merran was serious and all traces of sarcasm vanished.  Guilt returned.  “There’s nothing to be proud of.  I did what I had to do.”
“You saved Bael’s life,” Merran pointed out.
“But I took Ecland’s,” Korsten argued.
“He would have killed you.”
Korsten knew that, but... “What I did…the way I did it, was wrong.  There’s no justifying it.”
“You achieved your Ambience,” Merran said next, irrelevantly, Korsten thought.
“It caught me off guard, and it effected my behavior in a way that will make me sick to think about for many long years to come.  Forever maybe.”  Korsten sighed, noticing that it didn’t hurt nearly as much as it had just a few moments ago.  “There must have been a better way.” 
Merran’s words, his very expression questioned that statement.  “Sometimes we have to do things that extend beyond the physical, mental, and even moral barriers we establish for ourselves in our mortal lives.”
“There’s nothing you can say that’s going to make me feel better about this,” Korsten finally said, looking his friend directly in the eye.  “You know that.”
“Stop judging yourself so harshly for circumstances beyond your control,” Merran continued.  “Ecland cornered you.  You defended yourself and disposed of what was probably a very dangerous enemy to the Seminary and to Edrinor.”
“I don’t want to hear this,” Korsten muttered obstinately.
“You’ve always had a selective sense of hearing.”
“Bastard.”
Merran smiled again.  With the healing spell complete, he let his hand fall gently, maybe incidentally onto Korsten’s chest.  “You’re hurting terribly,” the other mage said.  “Guilt isn’t anything that’s going to serve your concentration well when it comes to defending this outpost.”
“Maybe you’re right,” Korsten replied, tempted to push Merran’s hand away, though it felt damnably good.  Their skin wasn’t even making contact yet, but since Renmyr, Korsten had come to realize that he didn’t like to be alone quite so much as he put on in the past.  He needed human contact far more than he ever would have been willing to admit before, even if it wasn’t love.  Leaving the other man’s hand where it had come to rest, he said, “Still, you’re too generous.  I feel like I’m taking far more than I can ever offer you in return.”
“It isn’t my hope to gain anything,” Merran told him, enveloping Korsten in the charming depth of his blue eyes.  “I only want to alleviate your suffering, because I can.”
Korsten just stared at him for a moment.  He’d vowed to himself that he wouldn’t do this anymore, that he wouldn’t take advantage of Merran’s ability or his willingness to share it.  Gods, but he’s right.  I haven’t slept a wink.  I can’t stop thinking about Ecland.  I want to cry and tears won’t stop the Morennish soldiers when they get here.  Tears won’t... 
Merran lowered and Korsten let the other man push him gently back.  They stared at each other for just a moment before actual contact was made, not with Merran’s hands, but with his lips upon Korsten’s.  His touch at this level didn’t have to come with kisses, but for some reason it always did and, as before, once begun there was no protesting.  Korsten raised his arms around Merran and opened his mouth to the healer’s gently probing tongue, drawing him in, inviting him to come closer than he needed to.  It felt so good.
Clothes were gradually removed and skin was touching, everywhere.  Merran’s body was strong, and yet so gentle moving against Korsten, and with him.  He couldn’t remember how long it had been since they last did this.  Running his fingers slowly along the firm muscles of his friend’s back, Korsten sighed and felt the trauma of past events leave him.  Merran was always so careful.  Because he wasn’t sure.  Korsten couldn’t feel badly about that right now.  Right now, he didn’t feel badly about anything.

~

Korsten was always the first to fall asleep, and that left Merran awake to hold him, to be aware of the fact that he was holding him.  He wondered if Korsten would notice this time which one of them had done the seducing.  Perhaps it was fortunate that the younger mage was quick to always blame himself for everything.  It wouldn’t even cross his mind, more than likely.  He would just assume that he was mostly responsible for their activities this night, as with every night previously.
It was true that Korsten had been harboring too much guilt to deal with currently, but Merran could temporarily heal his emotional suffering without sex.  He could have from the beginning, but he knew there was no other way to make love to the one he had come to cherish most in this world since his family left it.  Sadly, one lie had led to another.  Merran didn’t know when exactly it had become a lie.  He couldn’t say precisely when he’d fallen in love with Korsten, but over the years he’d become conscious to the fact that he had.  His love made him despise Renmyr Camirey that much more.
Filthy beast…why can’t you release him?  You can, but you won’t.  You’ve bound him so utterly he’s become blinded and deaf.  He can barely breathe.  He’s suffocating in your madness and you don’t care.  Damn you to the lowest depths of Hell, Camirey.  I despise you as I’ve only despised one other.  You should have killed me quickly when the chance was yours.  Your end will be swift and sudden, I promise you.  And if I have anything to say about it, you’ll never so much as lay eyes on him again.
Korsten stirred a little in his sleep, and Merran held him tighter for a moment, kissing the other man’s red hair.  And then he relaxed as another unhappy truth settled upon him.  You’ll never love me.  Even if you should free yourself from your past lover, you’ll go to Ashwin.  I can see it in your eyes when you look at him.  I can hear it in your voice when you speak of him.  He loves you, and he’s been honest about it.  I know he won’t hurt you, in spite of what happened with Sharlotte, but it hurts me thinking about it.  He pitied Sharlotte, and you pity me.  I understand her now, better than I did...better than I ever could have before.
Eolyn clung to the ceiling overhead.  It was dark, but Merran could still see her white wings traced against shadow.  He knew that the smaller shape nearby was Analee.  He remembered Korsten’s initial reaction to the red butterfly and wanted to laugh, but didn’t.  Korsten would wake and...
Impulsively, Merran shifted onto his side and began kissing his sleeping friend.  Korsten woke slowly, but receptively.  Merran pinned the other man gently to the mattress and let his hands and his mouth begin to wander over Korsten’s fair, soft skin.  Desire burned in him, tempered with a love that made him want to break down, to fall into Korsten’s arms sobbing and to tell him everything of how he felt.
“I thought we were finished,” Korsten whispered tiredly, just before he wrapped his long legs around Merran’s lower body in a very inviting fashion that all but crumbled Merran’s restraint.  “Now…where were we?”
A sudden knock at the door halted Merran’s entrance into the very flexible body embracing him.  He and Korsten exchanged surprised, if not slightly perturbed looks, in the dark.  Korsten appeared as if he wanted to grumble a complaint and Merran calmly placed his hand over the redhead’s mouth.  He lay quietly on top of him for a moment, waiting for the knock to come again.
“Master Merran,” someone shouted from the hall.  “They’re here!  It’s time!”
“Tell the captain I’m on my way,” Merran hollered back.  “Have you tried to wake Korsten?”
“I knocked on his door!  He didn’t answer.  Thought maybe he’d been put under by some medicine you gave him.”
Beneath Merran, Korsten began to laugh softly.  Merran glanced at him, then said to the door, “I’ll wake him.  Inform Captain Grisch that we’ll be with him shortly!”
“Yes, sir!”
Merran waited until he heard footsteps, then removed his hand from Korsten’s jaw, revealing a smile.  He was tempted to kiss that smile, but decided to rise instead.  “We’d better hurry.”
Korsten sat up, reaching over the edge of the bed for his clothes.  “They’re early,” he noted, no longer smiling as Merran’s absent touch allowed guilt and grief to begin having their way with him again.
“If there was an appointed time to meet and supply information, Trev would have missed it.  That may have hastened their actions.”  Merran stood up and dressed while Korsten did the same.
“I’d better Reach back to my room,” Korsten decided, running both hands lightly through his hair.  “There’s no reason for Grisch to be looking for a reason to send both of us over the edge of the highest wall, declaring us casualties of battle.”
“He wants to restore Edrinor,” Merran replied, not in admonishment.  “His heart is in this, in spite of his personal feelings.”
“If you say so,” Korsten said, shrugging.  And then, just as causally, he strolled up to Merran and planted a soft kiss on his jaw.  “My thanks for the medicine, of course.”  With a teasing smile that made Merran’s heart ache, he turned away, performed a Reach, and was gone.
Merran took a step back and lowered onto the edge of the bed.  He let his hands hang limply off his knees for a moment before lifting one to his mouth.  His lips were tense with indecision as he sat torn between laughing and crying.  The crying surprised him.  He hadn’t done that since losing his family.  He didn’t do it now, but...almost.
Finally he ran his hand over his face and through his hair and rose to his feet again, prepared to face an army of enemies.  Some days he thought he preferred facing them or the Vadryn to facing Korsten.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“According to our scouts, their camp should be there,” Grisch said, pointing from the northwest facing battlement.  “Where the river is narrowest.  It hasn’t rained in weeks.  It will be shallow as well, easy for troops to cross without laying a bridge.”
“But they haven’t crossed yet?” Korsten asked, eyes following Grisch’s direction.
“I wouldn’t expect them to in darkness,” the captain replied, leaving out any tones of personal resent for sake of his role as commander of the forces that had no choice but to stop Morenne as it attempted to enter further into Edrinor.  “They’ll wait till early morning.”
“When the light is just coming,” Korsten replied thoughtfully.  “And the air is gray.”
“A mist?” Merran asked, clever enough to know what was on his friend’s mind.  “That might slow their progress, but what’s the sense in delay at this point?  We’re not waiting for reinforcements and the prolonged anticipation might affect the troops adversely.  You’re thinking about Lilende again.”
“Yes, I am,” Korsten admitted, slanting Grisch a glance as the man groaned in complaint.  “There’s no reason to let that army plow over them.”
“What are you suggesting?” the captain demanded.
“Surprise,” Korsten answered without hesitation.
“Surprise?” Grisch echoed with a twinge of irony in his voice.  When Korsten nodded, the captain said, “May I remind you that they have us outnumbered?  And just how in Hell are we supposed to surprise them?  These things have to be planned well in advance.  We would have to have put troops in the woods on the other side of Lilende already.  That plan was ruled out weeks ago, or were you mentally absent from that meeting?”
“Captain’s right,” Lars put in.  “There’s not enough time to march out there with hopes of doing anything other than meeting them half way.”
Korsten looked at Grisch while speaking to Lars.  “Who said anything about marching?”
And now Merran interrupted.  “Korsten.”  
Looking at his friend, Korsten said, “It will work.”  
Merran’s intensely blue eyes studied him for a moment, then the other mage frowned, questioning in expression as well as in voice.  “A Reach?”
“It will work,” Korsten said again, with understanding for his doubt and perhaps a little pleading for Merran to hear him out before dismissing the notion as Grisch would have.
“With an army?  That’s never been done before.”
“I’ve already thought it through.  Reaching is nothing more than forming a gate for ourselves that shortens the distance between here and there and lets us step through.  We only have to form a gate big enough for more than just ourselves.”
“An army,” Merran reminded.
“It’s all a matter of concentration.  I know we can do it.  With my first Reach, I went much farther than most mages with my limited years of experience can.  I returned the same distance while half dead.  I should have died, but my focus was somehow still intact and got me back to the Seminary.”
“No.  It got you back to Ashwin.”
Korsten wondered just what Merran meant by that.  His confused look must have let on to the fact.
“Ashwin told me about that incident,” Merran explained.  “He was quite proud.  Very few mages can Reach to an individual.  It requires sensing where that individual is…where they might be of a thousand possible places.  Reaching to a location is simply knowing where you’re going.  It isn’t likely that it will have moved.”
Korsten ignored his internal reaction, both to news of what he’d done, and Ashwin’s sentiments about it.  He kept his focus on the present circumstances.  “It’s a short Reach, Merran.  I can see the destination I want from here.  I’ll be able to envision it with no trouble on the ground and I know I can get the soldiers to cooperate by concentrating on that same place, envisioning themselves there in advance so that the Reach won’t disorientate them too greatly.  I’ll put us on the near side of the river and cast the mist as the enemy is crossing.  They’ve come thinking they won’t have much to deal with.  Maybe we can shock and confuse them enough that they’ll be forced to retreat.”
“And plan a second attack,” Grisch said pointedly.
“Not with these forces,” Korsten countered.  “Without knowing what they’re up against, they’ll want to regroup at the border, wherever their main forces are.  In the time it takes them to reorganize and make new plans reinforcements can be gathered.”
“From where?” Grisch argued.
“Temstead, now that we know for certain that this outpost is a target.  We can solicit the free armies as well and the Seminary can appoint a mage or two here for a longer term.  In fact, knowing that this place is the next serious trouble spot, I’m sure the Council will.  With resident mages, Barriers can be put up and maintained, keeping the Vadryn out.  Your sole concentration will be defending against Morenne.”
Firming his frown, Grisch shook his head tautly.  “It’s too much of a risk.”
“Riskier than losing your future recruits to Morenne?” Korsten asked.  “Many of the youngsters in the city below us are destined to be soldiers.  Raised in time of war, they have little choice.  Which side do you want them fighting for, captain?  Or would you rather they were simply killed by the enemy that will be tearing through Lilende tomorrow if we don’t stop them?”  Korsten matched Grisch’s hard gaze.  “It is a risk, yes, but one we can afford to take.  The only difference between going to them and letting them come to us, is when we face them.  We can face them now, outnumbered, with them caught off guard.  Or we can wait for them to come up here and we can face them after they’ve broken through our defenses, outnumbered, with them sure of their victory.  You know I’m right, Grisch.  Even after they’ve discovered resistance and found that maybe they don’t have enough men or supplies to break through in the span they would have liked, they’ll only send for reinforcements.  They’ll be in eventually, and we’ll be cornered.”
Grisch stood glaring at the horizon, looking decided though he hadn’t said anything yet.  Korsten was on the verge of turning toward Merran for support when the captain drew in a breath and on the release said, “We can’t leave the keep defenseless in the event of penetration.  How many troops would you suggest we send out?”
Korsten refrained from smiling in his shock and relief.  He answered simply, “Three hundred.  I’m not sure I could Reach with too many more.”  He wasn’t sure he could Reach with that many, but realized that now was the time for a little optimism.  “Besides, this has to work fast or it won’t work at all.  We’ll lose a prolonged battle, no matter how we approach it, simply for a lack of number in comparison to the enemy.  We have to attack abruptly and confuse them enough to make them reconsider their advance.”
“This seems insane,” Grisch said, rubbing his jaw.  In a moment he lowered his hand and looked at Korsten with something resembling tolerance.  “But let’s get it done.”
Korsten nodded.  “Right.  We haven’t much time.”
“Lars,” the captain beckoned.
“Yes, sir?”
“Inform General Aetrix that he’s getting field command for our strike against the coming enemy.  Prepare his unit along with General Ferr and General Selbyn’s units.  Mage-Adept Korsten will serve as tactical officer.”
“Sir,” came the elder’s brisk reply as he set about his task.  
“Merran,” Grisch continued.  “Your colleague is liable to get himself killed in rather short order.  I’d like you here for reserve and advisement as events unfold.”
Merran agreed to stay and Korsten decided not to take offense at the captain’s words.  He’d agreed to the plan.  It would work.  Korsten only had a few hours to figure out how.

~

General Bheld Aetrix seemed a very dour man behind his intelligent eyes.  Korsten had no talent for empathy, but he could still tell that the man had concerns other than what went on at this outpost; deep concerns.  It was at the end of a hurried briefing with the generals who would each be taking a hundred man unit out to what could well be their collective suicide, that Korsten approached the blond officer.  “May I ask where you served before your assignment here, general?”
“You may ask, yes,” the other man replied.  Korsten smiled patiently at this meager display of humor, and then Bheld said, “I fought and received my promotion at the borderlands.  North.  I would be there still, but that a friendly acquaintance of mine managed to get me called back to Temstead.  From there I acquired a leave home to Ti’ann.  I really shouldn’t have.  I was lucky to be granted the time that I had.”
“Time enough for...”
Bheld’s blue eyes flickered at Korsten then went back to the troops in the yard, readying for their most peculiar march yet.  “Time enough to witness the birth of my first child.  That was all I witnessed before my summons back to Temstead, and my subsequent assignment here.”
Korsten waited a moment, then said, “Ti’ann is far south of here, closer to the safe borders of Edrinor.”
“The safest border, until something or someone comes at us by sea.”  There was irony in the general’s tone and once again Korsten smiled.  His expression faded when Bheld asked, “Where are you from, apart from the Seminary?”
“Cenily,” Korsten answered quietly.
“Do the memories fade with unnaturally long life?”
“No.  While my life has not yet come to unnaturally long terms, I know that several of my fellow mages remember their pasts with perfect clarity.  If there was pain, it still hurts them.  My own has yet to fade and I doubt that it ever will, no matter how long I should last.”
“I’ve heard that magehood calls a person,” Bheld said next.  “Much like a soldier during times of war, mages become isolated, knowing little beyond the people and circumstances surrounding them.  You left family behind in order to fulfill this calling, didn’t you?”
“I did,” Korsten replied.  “No children, though it occurs to me now that if I’d had any, they probably would have been close to your age by now, general.  I have nieces and nephews older than you...perhaps some younger, some who I’ve never met.  My youngest sister…still older than me…is liable to be a grandmother.  My father will be a very old man, if he’s still alive.”  Korsten wondered how he felt about that, about not knowing whether or not Sethaniel Brierly was an ancient authority in Cenily, humored in his late years by the younger people who would have inherited his land and position...or if he’d died.  Strangely, Korsten wondered next if his father ever thought about him.  He wondered if Sethaniel’s first, maybe only legitimate son ever crossed his unforgiving mind.
And then Bheld sighed.  “I suppose we ought to get this done.  Reminiscing isn’t going to put us back with our families instead of here.”
Korsten agreed with a faint smile and a nod.  Then he proceeded out into the courtyard to join the troops, who didn’t seem as apprehensive as they maybe should have been.  Bheld addressed them first and they paid close attention, with a collective fervor in their eyes and expressions, like they would follow their commanding officer anywhere, for whatever cause.  
Their enthusiasm didn’t falter when it became Korsten’s turn to speak to them.  He spared them the details of the spell that would be performed over them and stressed to them only that they had nothing to fear and to use their imaginations.  
He smiled a little at them when he said, “If the spell doesn’t work, you’ll only remain here having envisioned yourself somewhere else and I’ll be standing at the riverbank giving a bow to about thirteen hundred enemy soldiers.”
A few chuckles rose and then Bheld stepped forward again to issue final instructions and to bless his soldiers with a few standard words.  The men cheered in response, demonstrating again that morale was up.  Relieved that he would have the men’s support in casting the spell, Korsten let his attention wander for a moment, up to a balustrade overlooking the yards, where his gaze met someone else’s.  He smiled at Merran reassuringly and wasn’t surprised by the grave concern on his friend’s face.

~

One moment you have no care or heart for the Seminary or its cause, and in the next you’re willing to sacrifice yourself for it.  And what a senseless death yours will be if this fails.  You have so much more to live for than you will allow yourself to believe.  Camirey isn’t worth your effort this day, but you are, Korsten.  What you mean to others can’t be ignored.  What you mean to Ashwin...and to me.
Several feet below, at the head of a very small army, Korsten began his incantation.  Merran kept his eyes on him throughout the process, then whispered, “Be safe out there, my friend.”
For a moment after Korsten finished casting the Reach spell, it appeared as if a forest had cropped up in the yards below.  And then the Mage-Adept and three hundred soldiers who trusted him with their lives were gone.

~

Korsten knew at once that the spell had worked.  He felt the others traveling with him and he could feel their arrival, their presence in the space around him.  Miraculously, not one soldier had been left behind.  Because of their trust in magic and their faith in him, they had literally stepped through time, erasing the critical hours a march would have taken.
“I believe that I’ve just surprised myself,” General Aetrix said, standing beside Korsten, in front of the orderly formation of his men.
“I believe I have as well,” Korsten replied, then looked behind him, toward the river.  “They’ll be coming from that direction.  Better arrange your troops in whatever fashion best suits an ambush.”
Bheld immediately began dishing out orders and while the soldiers obeyed, Korsten turned fully around.  He took a moment to absorb the atmosphere outside the keep.  The light was dim, the air cool and damp.  Perfect conditions for a mist.  To his advantage, Korsten could work with what was already forming naturally.  The Morennish wouldn’t suspect anything until it was too late.
Korsten didn’t allow himself to doubt that.  He assumed a relaxed position, closed his eyes, and began to work his second spell for the morning.  He filled the woods generously with a ground-level cloud and then waited with the others.
They heard the oncoming soldiers long before the first trace of them became visible in the mist.  It was on Bheld’s order that their own forces sprang out of hiding and engaged the enemy.  They were wholly surprised, but not willing to run.  Korsten found himself in the midst of battle and a physical part of the war with Morenne for the first time.  Somehow he didn’t panic.  He took full advantage of each opponent’s surprise at not only being attacked so suddenly, but of being attacked by a mage as well.  The Morenne soldiers scarcely had time to react to the Blast spells illuminating patches of fog and cutting their numbers down, sometimes by several per burst.  Men were screaming and shouting on both sides, hollering commands or warning, or possibly war cries to whoever was near enough in the chaos to hear them.
“Mind your back!”
The voice sounded like Bheld.  Korsten summoned his blade and wheeled around, striking whoever was behind him.  The man gasped and reached for his own throat just before collapsing in a dusty and bloodied heap of Morennish armor.  Korsten’s weapon, not standard by any means, had cleanly cut through whatever guard dressed the man’s neck.
Korsten quickly took his mind from the deed, glancing around to assess where his allies were, as well as his enemies.  He decided where to give his attention next, just beginning another spell when he felt an abrupt thump against his back, almost as if someone wearing a heavy gauntlet had struck him.  A sharp, tearing sensation followed.  The ground struck him after that and rapidly spun away.

~

No victory came with ease.  No victory came without sacrifice.  No victory was actually a victory at all.  It was nothing but a delay.  In this instance, being extended another breath meant very little to Merran.  It should have been over, long ago.
“I apologize about your friend.”
Merran glanced back at Captain Grisch, but otherwise didn’t acknowledge the condolences being extended to him.  It was a shallow gesture anyway.  There were other things to be concerned with at the moment.
“Is General Aetrix positive that Morenne withdrew their forces?” Merran asked while returning his gaze to the forested horizon below the keep.  He’d been watching for almost a day now, vainly hoping to catch a glimpse of Analee on her journey back to the Seminary.  So that he would know for certain.
“It’s the only thing he’s positive about,” Grisch replied, joining Merran at the battlement.  He too was scanning the distant woods.  “I believed that it would be the presence of a mage that turned them around, but according to Bheld’s report, it seems more as if it was the disappearance of one that hastened their retreat.”
Merran looked at him directly now.  “What do you mean?”
Grisch waited, then said, “It was after Korsten fell that the Morennish withdrew.  Bheld’s men still have not found the body.  His should have stood out, being that he was the only man out of armor and with hair an unearthly red.”
“He’s been captured,” Merran deduced, understanding now why he had not seen Analee departing from the site where her bond mate had fallen.
“We’re going to keep looking,” Grisch informed.  “He may have been badly wounded, and staggered deeper into the forest, disoriented.”
Merran knew better.  He knew Korsten and that his fellow mage was quick to faint under duress and otherwise he was as stubborn as Hell’s depths.  He would not have left even a losing battle as he would be too busy blaming himself for the predicament he had gotten the others into.  He would have tried to correct the situation, even if it were impossible to do so.
The Morennish had taken him, and Merran didn’t have to wonder why.

~

Pain seemed an academic term in comparison to what Korsten currently felt.  It seemed as if his muscles were pulling apart, the fibers of his physical being slowly unraveling.  As he opened his eyes he was aware that he was neither lying down, nor standing of his own volition.  He’d been hung upright by his arms, bound at the wrists.  His feet were spread a bit and shackled to a dusty stone floor.  He felt air all around him, burning him with its soft caresses, indicating that he was in the center of the room he’d come to occupy, a cell undoubtedly.
He remembered being struck in the fray and falling.  He learned well after the fact that it had been an arrow that put him down.  With his awareness coming and going, he knew that he had been found and moved at some point, possibly more than once.  It must have been his enemies who discovered him ultimately.  Did that mean the attack had failed?  What had become of the others?  What of the keep and Lilende?  What of...
A heavy door moaned open with the efforts of an unseen individual.  The sound resonated from behind Korsten, whose view was of a grimy stone wall and lit torches braced in the corners.  There were no windows within sight.  Korsten might have turned his head to look behind him, to see who had visited him, but the pain was too great.
“You’re awake,” someone noted in a voice that was not far from the texture of satin, and not comforting at all.  “I can hear your conscious breathing and the altered rhythm of your heart as fear and the stress of injury returns.”
Korsten closed his eyes again and opted not to speak.  He could only assume that his enemies had kept him alive this long for information.  He could only hope that he died before the torture they would likely resort to became too terrible.
“Very bold of you,” the nameless speaker continued, sounding closer.  “To ambush us like that.  To be completely honest, I never would have suspected such a preemptive move on your part.  Forgive me if I presumed you more cowardly.”
Korsten opened his eyes a little.  He elected not to say anything.
A slender young man stepped in front of him, lips smiling sweetly while a dangerous mischief gleamed in his pale eyes.  The face was fair in spite of its demented expression, framed with a short, sand-brown mane.  It was not a face that Korsten recognized.
Laughing quietly, perhaps to himself, the handsome stranger began to slowly circle the captive mage.  “You may have rooted out our source for information a little sooner than we would have liked, but we still gained enough intelligence on matters and individuals at the keep to have confidence in our attack.  Perhaps we should have paid closer attention to some of the information concerning you.  Apparently, neither it nor you were as worthless as I had originally believed.”  He stuck out one hand and touched Korsten’s skin, which was bare from the waist up.  That touch made Korsten shudder, and then cry out as it drifted with purpose over the place the arrow had struck him.  The youth’s prodding fingertips felt like tiny knives in his wounded flesh.  “Oh, look.  You’re bleeding again.”
Korsten stiffened involuntarily as the young man’s arms slid around him.  And then he felt the stranger kiss his wound.  Shocked and in more pain, Korsten gasped for air.  The kiss was no mere caress.  It went deep, causing agony and helpless excitement as the youth’s cruel tongue eagerly probed the open wound upon Korsten’s back.  Slender hands explored liberally.  The tongue continued prodding, then it was lapping.  Korsten wanted to scream, but he held it in and heard the violating youth sigh; a conflicted mix of satisfaction and disappointment.  
“Your blood doesn’t do anything for me, but it still tastes sweet.  Your pain has a unique flavor as well, and the scent of your fear...I could torment you this way for years and never get bored.”
“Who are you?” Korsten demanded, speaking through his teeth as he was still biting back the urge to scream.  The pain had begun to flare in waves beneath his skin, making his entire body quake.  He would have collapsed if not for the chains holding him up.
Pressing his face against Korsten’s back, as if he could absorb the blood into his own skin, the youth whispered, “I’m the person who’s going to let no less than four thousand men have their way with you if you don’t tell me everything I want to know about the Seminary at Vassenleigh.  I’ll let them in here a dozen at a time to either beat or rape you, whatever their pleasure happens to be.”
The young man’s blood had gone cold.  Korsten could feel the presence of demons, at least one in particular that had lain claim to the youth’s soul.  Whether he was being influenced or inhabited, he had become the Vadryn’s so completely that he had inherited their cruelty along with their hunger.  He’d adopted their cause as well, which Korsten was only just now realizing they shared with Morenne.  Both wanted the King’s mages eliminated.  Both wanted nothing to do with a unified Edrinor and both wanted what remained of the country for themselves.  Of course, it made sense that they would join in that cause.  But how could Morenne trust the Vadryn?  What assurances did they have that the demons wouldn’t turn against them once they’d reaped all the souls Edrinor had left?  Morenne had no defense against the Vadryn’s tainted sorcery.  Or did they?
Of course, they do, Korsten reasoned with himself.  They must if the Vadryn haven’t enslaved them outright.  But those were men on that battlefield, not demons or individuals influenced by demons.  They’ve come to an agreement somehow, but...
“Share with me now,” the young man continued.  “I’ll kill you myself if you do.  I’ll make it quick.  You won’t have to suffer.”
Korsten maintained his silence, closing his eyes again.
The youth slipped away from him slowly.  “It’s your choice.”

~

Three days had gone by since Morenne’s retreat.  It appeared that the enemy army had abandoned the area.  There was no sign of an encampment anywhere, as if they had marched straight back to Morenne; to the latest piece of Edrinor that had been claimed a part of Morenne anyway.
And Korsten was with them.  Merran didn’t doubt that, not even a little.  He sat in Grisch’s study, studying maps, trying to discern the nearest possible location the enemy would have gone to.  They must have had camps hidden throughout the border region, some undoubtedly more sophisticated than others.  Korsten, wherever he was, would be well guarded.
The door to the study opened and Lars walked in.  He came to the table and stood beside Merran’s chair, bending over the map as if studying it.  “No trace of him,” he finally said.
Merran already suspected as much.  Still, he said, “It’s been three days.  If he was mortally wounded, it would be right to assume he’d died in that span of time without treatment.”
“The dogs found a few stray corpses,” Lars informed.  “None of them your friend.”
Merran didn’t know if that should have made him feel better or worse.  Neither the Morennish nor the Vadryn were known for their compassion toward an enemy.  If they wanted something from their prisoner, violence would be the method of persuasion.  They wouldn’t stop until he was dead.  Maybe they would keep him alive, suffering, wishing he were dead, willing to speak with the hopes that they would let him die.
Finally, Merran stood.  “Keep searching for evidence of further danger to this keep,” he said to Lars.  “Inform Captain Grisch that the Seminary will delegate a mage to this outpost on a more permanent basis in the very near future.”
Lars straightened, looking surprised, possibly angry.  “What about Korsten?  You’re not...”
“No,” Merran said evenly.  “However, there’s nothing more that can be done from here and I’m afraid no one here can offer me any further aid.  I must communicate what has happened here to my superiors and place the matter in their hands.”
Lars nodded, accepting what he evidently didn’t like.  “Gods be with you and him both, Merran.  Heaven knows you saved this keep and Lilende from becoming more trampled ground beneath Morenne’s heel.”
“Our actions only enabled you and the other men here to perform your duty, Lars.”  Merran clapped the man on the shoulder by way of leaving.
From the study, he headed directly for the stables to collect Erschal and Onyx.  He only needed to take them as far as the courtyard.  From there, he would be Reaching back to the Seminary to report the success of the mission and what the cost of that success had been.  He had hopes to reclaim their losses and he knew he would have at least one supporter in that hope, one whose voice held much sway at the Seminary.  A mission into Morenne would be approved.
I’ll find you, Korsten.  Wait for me.  Look to Analee for strength.  She’ll never leave you.  She’ll carry you to us if it comes to that, but please, don’t let it come to that.  Endure a little longer, for Ashwin’s sake if not mine.

~

Korsten discovered true helplessness in the company of his enemies.  He was beaten and humiliated, defeated so utterly it left him numb.  A moment came when he tried to fight it, but his captors were too many and too much on him.  The very first thing one of them did to him was strike him with a closed fist.  The assault left his lip and chin bleeding.  He would rather that they all had done that.  He resisted what the next man had himself set on, but that resulted in some of the others wailing on him savagely.  Still, he preferred that to what would come and continued to struggle, especially as they freed his wrists from the manacles overhead.  He hoped to work a spell, but the men kept his hands separated and occupied as they dragged him down and got him into a position that accommodated their lustful companion.
Beside himself in his distress and humiliation, Korsten shouted at them and cursed them, challenging them.  He encouraged them to hit him, hoping they would be so offended with his attacks on their manhood that they would be distracted from trying to prove it to him through other methods.  Success was meager and short-lived.  They beat their prisoner near to unconscious and proceeded with their pleasures regardless.
Korsten didn’t know how long he’d been on the floor, pinned beneath the weight of others.  He’d stopped hearing their cheers and groans by now.  He had almost stopped feeling what they were doing to him.  He stared through half-closed eyes at a particular space of the wall nearest to him, where a red butterfly hovered just outside of the light cast by a single torch.  Though he had stopped panicking, Analee flitted about in evident distress.  She’d scarcely landed for a moment at a time before she was back to dancing about, as helpless as her bond mate.
Don’t fret over me, Analee.  It was my decision to ambush the Morenne troops and to leave the relative safety of the keep in doing so.  It’s my choice not to speak to them.  It’s my...
The man currently on top of Korsten increased his efforts without warning, sending shooting pains up and down Korsten’s body, making him gasp audibly.  His rapist was on the verge of peaking and determined not to let his victim spoil it for him by impersonating a corpse.  The last thing Korsten wanted to do was satisfy him, but the pain was too sudden.  Shocked out of his numb state, Korsten couldn’t compensate for the intrusion.  Each savage thrust forced a sound out of him.  The man seemed pleased with that and he was even more pleased with the climax he had reached, that humiliated Korsten like none of the others had so far.  Hurtled back into anger over exhaustion and resignation, Korsten screamed obscenities at the man who’d just violated him, who was rising off him, chuckling with satisfaction between breaths.
Tears were streaming down Korsten’s flushed face.  He wasn’t even sure where he’d heard some of the curses he was spouting.  He only knew he’d never felt hatred so purely in his life.  It was enough that he wanted to kill the man and all of his accomplices.  He wanted to torture them before they died.  He wanted them to know that it was him killing them.
Korsten’s protests and threats amused his captors more than anything.  They began to laugh so hard that they became lax in what they were doing and in Korsten’s rage, he managed to take advantage.  Jerking his feet loose, he rolled over and kicked the man still standing above him, hard enough to see to it that the man wouldn’t be sticking himself inside of anyone for a very long time, if ever again.  Evidence of the injury in the man’s face and with his actions as he staggered away from Korsten and dropped onto all fours almost made Korsten smile.  The others instantly set about removing that smile from the mage’s face.  Feet and fists were flying at him from all sides, hitting their marks in most instances.  Korsten couldn’t see straight when his jailers finally dragged him up off the floor and put him back in chains.  The room spun around him.  It felt worse when he closed his eyes.
A large hand clamped down on his jaw and a bearded face took up all view.  That face was every bit as red as Korsten’s, but the rage seen there was more potent.  Korsten could feel it pulsating through the man’s fingertips as he squeezed his jaw mercilessly.  “I should castrate you for that, my lovely, but I think I’m going to be hungry later on.”  He grinned deviously through his anger.  “Bet you taste as sweet as you moan.  Yeah...I’ll bet you do.  And if you try pissin’ in my mouth, I’ll snip it off with my teeth.  You got that, you little-”
Korsten gathered what saliva he had left after days without water and spat it in the man’s face.  “Hell take you, you filthy Morennish pig!”
Fresh anger lit in the man’s eyes.  His gripping hand transferred from Korsten’s face to his throat.  “Son of a whore, I’ll…”
“That’s enough!” someone said.  The voice was familiar, but no more welcome than death.  As the man who might have been inclined to deliver death to Korsten backed away, the cruel youth from before stepped into view.  He looked Korsten over and smiled, then instructed the others to leave.  When they were gone, he said, “What an unsightly mess they’ve made of you.  I’d let you bathe yourself, but…well, I’m sure you understand the restrictions I must put on you.”
Korsten didn’t look at the possessed youth, but at a space of the wall behind him.
“Quiet again?” the young man said.  “We can keep you here for a very long time, you know.  I wonder how long it will take these men to get bored with you?”  He came closer and slipped a handkerchief from his sleeve.  Dabbing gently at the corner of Korsten’s bleeding mouth, he said, “Wouldn’t you rather have a pleasant chat with me?  I’ll have dinner prepared for you.  Of course, I can’t unbind your hands, but that’s no concern.  I’ll feed you myself.  I’ll take care of your injuries, too.”  He let his hand drop onto Korsten’s chest.  “I’ll take the very best care of you.  I’ll nurse you back to perfect health and beauty.  You’ll be flawless again.  And then, once you’ve shared a few little secrets with me, I’ll take the suppressing enchantment off the poison I will have fed you, and you’ll be dead in a matter of seconds.  It won’t hurt a bit, and you’ll still be beautiful...and all of your suffering will be over.”
Korsten felt the glimmer of interest in his own eyes when he glanced at the young-looking demon.  He didn’t want what was being offered, but it gave him an idea.  With all that had happened, he’d completely forgotten about his sword.  It was still inside him, he could feel it.  He knew better than to think his captors would give him half the chance to do anything with it if he revealed it to them, but he didn’t have to reveal it to them.  He could move it through his body like he did before.  He could bring it to his heart and kill himself.  All of this would end.  Analee could take what mattered back to the Seminary.
It wasn’t as if he had a hope of being rescued.  No one knew where he was.  He didn’t even know where he was.  Somewhere in Morenne, he suspected, but there must have been dozens of places in the borderlands alone where they could hide a prisoner.  Korsten’s only regret would be that he wasn’t able to warn Ashwin of Morenne teaming with the Vadryn.
Ashwin...
The thought stopped there.  Overwhelmed finally by pain and exhaustion, Korsten let go of consciousness.



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

“That is not possible, Merran, and you know it.”
“You would have me leave him there, in the hands of the enemy?”  Merran was beside himself with disbelief.  He wanted to shout, but he didn’t dare unless he wanted to become irrational in the eyes of his audience.  Unable to stand still, he paced.
“I would have you calm yourself and think rationally, as you have always done in the past,” Ashwin said, far too calmly.  “I know you care for him.  Know that you are not the only one who does.  This turn of events grieves me as well and threatens to steal my resolve, but I know that my emotions will not recover him.”
That was all Merran was willing to hear.  He wheeled on the Mage-Superior, raising his voice enough for it to echo in the hall.  “Nor will your hesitation!  He’s alive, Ashwin!  They’re keeping him alive, else Analee would have been back by now.  I can only imagine what manner of torture he is being put through while he guards us and the Seminary.  He’ll die for secrets he didn’t want in the first place!”
“That is his duty, I’ll remind you,” someone else said.
Merran glanced at the mage entering the hall and forced himself to be calm again.  “Forgive me, Lord Eisleth, but his duty to the Magehood is misplaced.  All it’s done is take from him the merciful end he’s long been wishing for.”
“That is no longer his desire,” Ashwin said, as if he knew.  He looked at Merran directly.  His expression was both sad and disappointed.  “And while he did not ask to come here, he has come to think of this place as home and the people he has come to know here are as dear to him as family.  You’re right, Merran.  He will not betray us.  He will die protecting us.”  The blond mage finally lowered his gaze, adding, “We cannot allow it.  You’re right about that also, but at this time there’s very little we can do.  We don’t know precisely where he’s been taken.  A mission into Morenne would be suicide for any mage that went and while it’s a risk you’re eager to take, Merran, it’s foolish and it will accomplish nothing.”
“The odds have thus far been in Korsten’s favor,” Eisleth pointed out.  “I believe that he will find a way back to us, as he has before.”
Ashwin nodded and said softly, “That is my belief as well.”
“What if he’s barely conscious?” Merran argued.  “What if he’s being kept barely conscious?”
“We can do nothing but wait,” Ashwin enforced, glaring now.  “Don’t fool yourself into believing that you are the only one afraid for him.”
“I know better,” Merran admitted, firmly matching his superior’s gaze.  “I know that you’re in love with him and yet failing to prove it.”  In Ashwin’s tactful silence, Merran added, “Don’t bother yourself.  I know it’s a burden resurrecting emotions after centuries letting them fade.  I’m going to Morenne.”
“You are going nowhere.”
“You cannot stop me!”
Merran didn’t even see the spell Ashwin had cast, he worked it so fast.  He found himself falling suddenly to his knees, utterly drained, scarcely able to hold himself up.  He felt weaker somehow, helpless as he hadn’t been in a very long time...not since he was mortal.  It didn’t take him long to figure out that his magic had been neutralized.
“You are going to stay,” Ashwin told him in a tone that was firm now, perhaps even dangerous.  The look in his green eyes was unyielding, unfamiliar to Merran.  “Until I deem you rational again, you are not going to step foot outside of these walls.  You will wait here, Mage-Adept Merran, with the rest of us.  You will grieve here, with the rest of us, for the loss we face.”
Eisleth took his leave in the next moment, as quietly as he had come, and Ashwin said privately to Merran.  “I apologize, but you leave me with very little choice while you insist on behaving so irrationally.  I’ll advise you also never to use my personal feelings toward anyone or anything as leverage again.  That is not the way to make me hear you.”
“You’ve gone deaf these days,” Merran said by way of Ashwin’s leaving, which halted the Mage-Superior in his tracks.
Ashwin waited just a moment, as if to give Merran the opportunity to say more, then calmly left the room.

~

After leaving Merran, Ashwin proceeded directly to the lily garden, to the vine that had stemmed of Adrea’s premature death.  He had loved her deeply, as he had loved Sharlotte...as he had loved his first wife.  And yet, as much as he recalled that love, he scarcely recalled the woman, the mother of his children, all of who had scattered to the wind, like so many seeds, oblivious to the fate of the individual who’d spawned them.  Lerissa was a result of one such seed, the only one that had come back around to him.  And now she was gone, too.  He missed her.  He missed each of the individuals he had come to love and lost.  And Korsten...
He missed him before losing him.
Ashwin frowned at the flower hanging before him.  Adrea, why did you send him to me?  I know you better than to think that you had it in mind to console me with pieces of you.  He isn’t so like you anyway.  And you knew me well enough to know that I am not the type of person who seeks to replace what is lost.  I always seek new growth, so as not to stagnate or smother the old.  How else does one survive over millennia?  
Or did you think I wouldn’t after you?  But you had to choose an inheritor.  Is that why you chose him?  Because he was so very different from you?
It feels different, Adrea.  I feel different.  Ashwin lifted one hand to his brow, as if he could touch and calm the ache just beginning to swell there.  I’m too old to be confused like this, but there’s no one like you to provide me answers anymore.  And you always had answers, love.  You were constantly trying to prove to me that I’m not as wise as I think I am.  Well, if it pleases you, I know now that I am not so very wise at all, but rather one of the more ignorant creatures alive in this world.  How can an empath know so very little about people...and about himself as well?
And Merran...I wonder if he’ll ever forgive me?  In the moment that I neutralized him, I didn’t care.  I was sure afterward that I acted for his own protection, but now I’m not so certain it wasn’t jealousy.  Maybe I should admit that I’ve been regretting my decision to send them on assignment together since it was made.  Maybe I made that decision to prove to myself that I wasn’t jealous, even though Korsten wasn’t ready.
Ashwin lowered his hand, sighing very softly.  Adrea, I don’t know.  I...just don’t know what’s wrong with me.  I know you would have the answers, dearest.  I wish I could hear them, but as Merran says, I’ve gone deaf these days.  I can’t hear anyone recently.  Not even myself.
“Ashwin.”
Upon hearing his name, he glanced over his shoulder at Eisleth, inviting him to speak further with that simple gesture.  He didn’t really feel that he would have much of a head for discussion at the moment.  There were many recent learnings to be distressed over; Korsten’s capture the worst, but not the most surprising.  He and Eisleth had both been witness to the return of a soul-keeper, one belonging to a mage who had abandoned the Seminary long before either Korsten or Merran’s predecessors had even been Apprentices.  They had lost mages over the centuries, for many reasons, and it seemed they would continue to lose them…at a far greater pace than they would recover them.
“We knew that Ecland left with betrayal on his mind,” Eisleth pointed out.  Of course, it was no surprise that he knew the pattern of Ashwin’s thoughts by now.
“Yes, I know,” Ashwin replied.  “Still, I was not expecting this; to learn now, so long after he’d gone, that he would be conspiring with the Vadryn.”
“There are some who will forever view our endeavor as a failure.  They will abandon us, and seek to save themselves, in whatever ways they find preferable.”
“Preferable to what?”  Ashwin shook his head, contemplating the lengths their former colleague would have had to gone through in order to preserve his longevity, the fact that he would have become no better than the Vadryn in his methods.  “Preferable to what is right, to what is honorable and decent…and humane?”
“Human tendencies are what they are,” Eisleth offered.  “The time and resources magehood provides does not erase them.  Each of us will always be who we are.”
Ashwin was not in the mood for acknowledging that.  Eisleth always appeared so unaffected.  He was a marvel to witness sometimes.  “Do you believe that Ecland helped the demon find Renmyr Camirey?” he asked instead.
Eisleth posed a more important question.  “Do you believe that the demon which found Renmyr Camirey is the same beast?”
Ashwin hesitated to answer.  He knew that the demon Merran had discovered in Haddowyn was an ancient source.  He knew from Merran’s reports and from what he had gleaned through Korsten.  Whether or not it was the same demon who led the siege against Vassenleigh over half a century ago….
“You’ve felt its signature,” Eisleth said.  And perhaps because he felt Ashwin needed to recall clearer, he lifted his hand to Ashwin’s brow, and let his Healing remove the burdensome cloud of pain forming behind it.  “You’ve felt it through your student, haven’t you?”
Ashwin looked at the other man, who would always be his reflection, who would always be with him to remind him of everything, and to let him forget nothing.  He supposed it had been Eisleth’s duty from the start, from the very moments of their births.  Of all of his family’s faces, Eisleth’s was the only he still knew well.  He wondered if it would have even been possible for the face of his twin to fade from memory, regardless of their roles at the Seminary, given that it was his own face as well.  Finally, in answer to his brother’s suspicions, he said, quietly, “It is the same beast.” 

~

“...ain’t goin’ well, I heard.”
Korsten awoke to the sound of voices, and to twinges of pain teasing every muscle in his body.  It would worsen as consciousness fully resumed, if his jailers caught onto the fact and decided they weren’t finished with their prisoner.
“No, it isn’t.  If Red in there doesn’t speak, Lord Alsaide is going to get a visit from the Master.  Trust me when I say none of us want that.”
“Oh, I trust ya, Vel.  I heard ‘nough stories ‘bout that one.”
“I saw him once.  At the battle for Eastmark.”  There came a pause, as if the man needed a space to shudder while rehashing images of this ‘Master’.  “He looks human enough at a glance, but see the eyes and know he’s not.  Cold and colorless as ice.”
Korsten thought helplessly of Renmyr and felt his eyes ache with dry tears.  He had seen his lover’s gaze so cold.  A part of him would like to have seen it again, even now.  If the pain blinded him and he could see nothing else...  
“It gave me chills like you can’t imagine to meet that demon’s gaze,” Vel continued. “Even knowing we were on the same side.”
“How long b’fore we ain’t?” the other said.  “That’s what I’d like to know.”
“Yes, and I don’t like the way Lord Alsaide is giving out all of the orders, as if General Shalex isn’t even here.  We captured the mage.  He should be ours to question, as we see fit.”
“Well now, Vel.  Can’t say as I’m opposed to some of the fun the demon lad’s been letting us have with Red.”
“You’re drunk, Kervis,” the one called Vel dismissed.  “Even when you’re sober.”
“You’d understand if you played a bit with ‘im.”
“It takes more than beauty to interest me.  It takes a woman, in fact.”
“Which we got none of at the moment, I’ll remind ya, Vel.  I admit that I only had plans to watch the Edrinorian scum get his dues, but seein’ him with that red hair and put together so delicate…”
“I don’t want to hear it, Kervis,” Vel interrupted, sounding suitably disgusted.  In a moment, he added, “Poor bastard.  I’m not sure that even an Edrinorian magic user deserves this kind of treatment.”
“Maybe you didn’t have any friends die at Lilende,” Kervis grumbled.
Conversation on the other side of the door ceased for several minutes.  The guards didn’t speak again until it was time to greet an arriving superior.  Korsten felt sick, knowing what would come.  The demonic youth would offer him another chance to betray his country and his fellow mages.  Korsten would refuse with silence and the soldiers would be let back in.  He’d had to put up with three such sessions of abuse since his capture.  Alsaide seemed less genial with each visit.  Korsten didn’t know how things could get worse, but he feared the demon’s cruelty.  Alsaide wouldn’t kill him, in spite of his threats.  He wouldn’t let the soldiers kill him either.  He would constantly think of some other way to torture.
The cell door opened and closed.  A brief silence preceded the demon lord’s words.  “I am beginning to lose patience with you.  And my Master is beginning to take interest.  I can tell you that he loathes distraction.  He has a war to manage and no pity for his enemies.  He will show you the depths of Hell before it is over.  This…what you’ve endured thus far…is nothing to compare.  I promise you.”
Korsten closed his eyes and held his silence.
“How many mages are there left at the Seminary?” Alsaide asked briskly.  “How is it that your blood tastes shallow?  What tricks have the ancients come up with to shield their souls from us?”
Korsten felt the demon’s presence move across the room.  Alsaide was standing in front of him now, his impure blood practically boiling in his anger.  Korsten could feel that better than the demon’s hand as it suddenly whipped across his face.  “Answer me!  How many of you are there?  Is Ashwin still alive?”
Ashwin.  Korsten opened his eyes without thinking, cursing himself in the same instant.
The edges of Alsaide’s mouth lifted in a faint smirk.  “He is, then.  That’s wonderful news.  I’ll share it with Master Renmyr.  Perhaps he won’t have to come visit you after all.”
Korsten could feel the confused anguish in his features in that moment.  Gods, no...it’s a lie.  Renmyr would never turn against Edrinor.  And if he knew...if he thought that I was here...he wouldn’t let this happen.  I know he wouldn’t.
Korsten was able to cry now as he failed to convince himself that there was any virtue at all left in Renmyr, who he still loved.  No matter what had happened or what might happen, he was convinced that the Vadryn were entirely to blame.  Demons had taken Renmyr from him.  They had taken everything from him but his feelings.  They couldn’t take away how he felt about Renmyr, how he would always feel, so long as he could look back and see the man over the demon.
“Yes, cry for Ashwin,” Alsaide purred, reading Korsten’s tears wrongly.  “His suffering shall far exceed yours.  You wouldn’t recognize the level of pain we have in mind for him.  You’ve barely touched the surface of it.  And now, I’ll ask you again; How many mages are left at the Seminary?”
Korsten didn’t hear him.  He closed his eyes against the sting of tears and thought of the world he’d known before the Seminary.

~

It was dark when Korsten opened his eyes.  He didn’t feel any pain, but he knew he had begun to feel numb to it.  He had lost track of the days since his capture.  Maybe it had been weeks or months.  He couldn’t say how long he’d been left alone after his last visit from his captors.  He knew it was only a matter of time before they would come back, though.  And then it would start again; all of them taking turns, the others cheering their fellow on, laughing at Korsten’s pleas for them to stop, striking him when he cried out...if they weren’t already beating him.  When one group became bored, another would come.  It was only when Korsten lost consciousness that they seemed to lose interest.  They must have, because he always woke up alone.
Alone…  Where are you Renmyr?  I hear them talk of you.  The Master, they call you, as if you are some manner of god to them.  They fear and respect you.  You can stop them.  If you’re a part of this, then you must know that...but you can’t.  You would never allow this.  I believe, after our last encounter, that you would kill me yourself, but you still love me, Ren.  You wouldn’t let them...hurt me like this.  
Alsaide’s cruel voice rose in the passage beyond.  Korsten had begun to panic, hearing it.  He was coming to his limit now.  The stubborn hope that had kept him waiting this long had finally been crushed by despair.  It was guttering now, like a dying flame.  Ren, where are you?

~

Korsten opened his eyes, again without knowing how long he’d been unconscious.  His abusers almost never left him until they’d completely spent him, until he scarcely had the energy to breathe, let alone to move or speak.  He’d stopped provoking them some time ago, though he didn’t know why.  It didn’t make the beatings less, but it seemed to frustrate them more that their plaything would no longer play with them.  He hung from his bindings limp as a rag doll, bleeding incessantly.  He should have been dead by now.  He felt utterly drained.  Even if he managed to free himself, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to cast a spell.  His last hope was the magicked ball of silver in his body, that he had moved very near to his heart a while ago, when he still had the energy to perform such a feat.  He couldn’t say why he had waited so long to finish the task.  It must have been some meager hope left in him, making him hesitate before ending the life he’d allowed to drag on for far too long.  He’d accomplished nothing as a mortal and precious little as a mage.  Merran could have protected Lilende without him.
I was a burden you never wanted.  I apologize for all the trouble I’ve caused you, and Ashwin.
He might have cried, but he didn’t have any tears left.  He was dehydrated, completely used up.  It must have been his magic keeping him alive this long, but how much longer?  Korsten didn’t want to find out.
The cell door came open.
Forgive me, Analee.  I must place one last burden upon you.
Korsten closed his eyes against his view of the butterfly, looking resigned and unhappy in the shadows where she clung relentlessly to the cold stone wall.  He sought the silver inside him and considered the shape that would best and quickest pierce his heart.  He decided on the method and…
A hand clapped over his mouth from behind.  “Quiet now,” someone whispered while Korsten strained to see the individual.  “I’ve got Kervis drunker than even he’s used to, but he’s still liable to decipher sounds.  I’m not here to harm you, in spite of my dislike for you.  I just want to give you some water.”
The man’s hand slid away.  The guard came around into Korsten’s view and for the first time he had a face to put to the name Vel, the humane one.  He was still an enemy, though, and there was a deep frown upon his sturdy jaw while he sunk a dipper into the bucket of water he’d brought and lifted it to Korsten’s lips.
Korsten didn’t want it.  He planned not to drink, but his mouth rebelled, opening automatically when the cool liquid made contact with his parched lips.  It spilled down his chin and splashed onto his chest while he struggled to take in as much as he could.  He felt better than he had in countless days with just that small amount of nourishment.
“Gods, it isn’t decent,” Vel murmured.  “Treating anyone this way, enemy or not.  I’m ashamed of my people.  Not enough to sympathize with you too much, but enough to say that it’s the presence of the demons that makes us behave like beasts rather than men.  You may deserve execution, or to die on the battlefield under a Morennish blade, or lifelong imprisonment, but not this.  But you do have some strength in you...to have endured such abuse for as long as you have.  I’d have bit my own tongue off same day as just one devious bastard even thought of...”
Vel stopped himself, glancing up at Korsten while offering more water, which was accepted a little less desperately this time.  “I suppose I’m not the type to give them such ideas.  Maybe after you acquire enough bruises you won’t be either.”  He hesitated plunging the dipper into the bucket a third time.  His dark eyes studied Korsten for a moment, meeting his gaze.  “Are you afraid to do it?  To bleed yourself to death?  If you are...I can maybe pilfer a bit of Lord Alsaide’s…well I’m not sure of everything he keeps in his chambers, but I know he’s fascinated with toxins.  Any one of them is bound to kill you, I’d bet.”
Korsten just looked at his enemy, startled by his compassion, but maybe not grateful.  How many people of Edrinor had he killed?  How many had suffered through his efforts, either directly or indirectly?  Yes, their countries were at war and during times of war people died, but Morenne had attacked Edrinor, not the other way around.  Morenne was to blame for the death toll on both sides.  It was their war, their invasion into land that was not theirs to take.
In Korsten’s silence, the guard dropped the dipper into the bucket and nodded solemnly.  “All right.  I don’t expect you to appreciate what I’m offering, but I make the offer sincerely.  My shift is nearing its end now, but I’ll return tomorrow if I can.  If you’re ready to die...” Casting Korsten one last serious stare, Vel went to the door.  He added, “Think it over.”
Korsten had thought it over.  His mind was already made up.  So why am I not dead?
The question went unanswered as sounds of a scuffle rose in the passage outside Korsten’s cell.  He tried to look over his shoulder, but to no avail.  His muscles ached too much for that kind of movement.  Maybe Kervis had discovered Vel acting on his sympathy for an enemy and attacked his fellow guard.
Whatever was happening, it wasn’t any of Korsten’s concern, until the cell door opened once again.  Somewhat rejuvenated from the water, Korsten was alert enough that he could instantly feel what the newcomer wanted.  It wasn’t Kervis or Vel, but the same man who first satisfied himself at Korsten’s expense, who had recently become the last to satisfy himself during any given session with the guards after recovering from the kick Korsten had delivered him.  Apparently, he didn’t want to wait for another gang assault and he was currently too drunk to fear any punishment from Alsaide or his commanding officer.
“We’re goin’t’have some time t’ourselves now, lovely,” the man said.  He was intoxicated enough to slur his words, but not to hamper his movement or suppress his desire.  Korsten recalled the silver currently in his chest, but he wasn’t able to concentrate when the larger man suddenly grabbed a fistful of his hair and brought their mouths together savagely.  Korsten could feel the brute’s teeth pressing against his jaw.  His breath was foul and made Korsten gag, even as the man was kissing him.  The guard pulled away and backhanded him.
“Still have it in your pretty head that you’re too good, do ya?”  The man displayed a key while Korsten gasped for fresher air, then began to unlock his binds.  “Tonight’s gonna be different.”  He caught Korsten’s wrist as it was released, then unlocked the other manacle, and promptly threw him to the floor.  Before Korsten could recover, the brute took his arm again and twisted it behind his back, pulling him upright by his hair.  He transferred the hair-pulling hand to Korsten’s throat and squeezed, successfully cutting off his air.  The guard’s hand remained clamped long enough for Korsten’s vision to begin to blacken.  And then he released him, pushing him down again, leaving him choking and barely clinging to consciousness.
When he could finally breathe again, Korsten lay still, his throat aching, and felt the shackles come off his ankles.  His assailant turned him over afterward and lowered.  Korsten lifted one hand, and in the very instant got it pinned to the floor, so hard it felt as if his wrist had been broken in the process.  Maybe his wrist had been broken long ago and he was only just now feeling it.  He didn’t know, but pain, whether old or new, wasn’t holding him hostage for yet another assault.  With sudden energy, Korsten seized a fistful of the man’s tunic with his free hand, planning to pull him down to him and give the sword inside of him shape in such a way as to kill them both.  Startling his assailant, he might have succeeded in that plan if someone else’s arm hadn’t locked around the larger man’s neck just then.
Vel proceeded to drag his fellow guard back, off of Korsten, who lay virtually motionless as pain and exhaustion returned.  He heard the ensuing struggle better than he saw it and he knew now that this was his last best opportunity.  He wanted to die now.  He wanted it to be over.  He couldn’t withstand anymore.  His body was so traumatized that he could still feel what his tormentors had done to him the last time.  The pain inside hadn’t gone away any quicker than the pain without.  He had almost no strength left and certainly no will.  He didn’t want to live with his recent memories, even if it were an option.
Oblivious to the fight carrying on between the guardsmen, Korsten cursed his predecessor for what she’d given him.  In the next instant, he thought of the lily garden.  “Her name was Adrea,” he heard Ashwin say, and then he wanted to weep, but he didn’t.  He simply stared into the empty space beside him, trying to envision his mentor there with him, comforting with just his voice whenever Korsten avoided his touch.  Maybe he avoided it too much in the past.  That touch had never been forced.  It had never taken from Korsten, nor had it hurt him or lied to him.
Ashwin loved him...romantically, as the conversation had gone not so very long ago...and enough that he refused to take Korsten’s broken heart, even when it was offered to him.  My dear friend, you’re far more virtuous than you know.  And I wish that you were here with me now, because I know that you care about me, as me, and that you would shelter me in that caring.  I never really wanted to die alone, but perhaps I have always known that there would never be a place for me in Ren’s arms when that time came.
Korsten no longer felt trapped in his cell.  He felt suddenly lost in a sky of infinite depth.  There was sunlight in that sky, but he could not see it or feel it.  He would never know that warmth again.  He regretted that more than he ever thought he would.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Ashwin lay alone in his chambers.  The darkness seemed to be falling on him throughout the night and he felt its weight by morning.  He hadn’t slept even a moment, not since Merran’s return.  He hadn’t even eaten in his state of worry and anger.  It was only because he’d been at the Seminary for so long that he could endure like this, but it couldn’t last forever.  Magic couldn’t sustain a body indefinitely.  Eventually, even one so old as him would be claimed by mortal needs neglected.  He was killing himself with fear and despair...and that was how he knew.  
He had found the one great love of his unnaturally extended life.  He had been in love before, deeply.  But he had waited lifetimes to feel like this, to need someone more than life.  He needed Korsten in that way, in spite of the distance that had always been between them.  He would sacrifice all the centuries behind him and any that may have been left to him just to see Korsten safe again, to know that a visit to the garden wouldn’t be another lesson in agony as he waited, dreading Analee’s lone return.
After weeks that felt like centuries to one who had previously forgotten what time felt like, Ashwin lay in his bed, his robes wrapped around him.  The bedding was rumpled beneath him after yet another night of turning, attempting vainly to make himself comfortable in his misery.  There was no comfort to be had and he wished his underlings would stop trying to comfort him.  
The mattress sank to one side of him with the weight of someone insistent on bothering him with food or drink, or sympathy…all of which he planned to refuse.  He moved to do so, but froze when the individual slid next to him with effort that could be felt.  A hand loosely clutched his robe and also his hair, and Ashwin felt his entire body shudder with too many emotions to accurately label.  The individual’s face pressed against his back and a weak voice whispered into him, moving through him like a delicate wine, that at once calmed and warmed.  But a panic chased the sensation through his blood at the same time, inspiring him to move finally.
“Please...lie still,” Korsten begged, sounding little more than exhausted.  
Ashwin knew otherwise.  He could feel the pain Korsten wouldn’t acknowledge and the fear that lingered moments after he’d escaped the source of that fear.  He had Reached from wherever his captors were holding him.  He was hurting everywhere.  
Ashwin couldn’t lie still.  He had to turn over and see what had been done to Korsten.  The sight of the young mage, bleeding in his bed, injured so terribly that he’d lost the ability to maintain even effortless spells, brought instantaneous tears to Ashwin’s eyes.  His breeches were all that remained to him, and they were heavily stained, a match for his once-fair skin, now bruised and split, crusted in dried blood.  It was a miracle that he wasn’t dead, proof of his strong will.  Unfortunately, that too was spent.  Korsten had carried himself as far as he was going to.
“Why here?”  Ashwin whispered.  “I’m not the one who can heal you.”  Why not Merran? he was asking silently.
Korsten didn’t move at all, except to speak, and he almost couldn’t do that.  “Maybe I...should have let you try.  Ashwin...” Very slowly, quiet sobs were escaping the younger man.  “Just let me lie with you.  I want to die here, please.  I just...want to feel...”
Ashwin’s heart was bursting, filling with elation and sadness and such a warmth...he couldn’t describe it.  He didn’t quite know what Korsten was trying to say to him, but he knew that he had his past restraint to thank for the other man’s trust right now.  There was no question that he had been abused in more ways than what showed.  Ashwin would have been furious, but at the moment he could only be gentle with his student.  He very carefully gathered Korsten’s into his arms, supporting him rather than holding him.  
“You’re not going to die here,” he said.  And then he called for the young Apprentice he knew had been hovering outside his room all night in case he needed anything or changed his mind about eating.
The very young man entered with a tray of food, confirming Ashwin’s suspicions.  When he saw Korsten, the boy dropped that tray and all that was on it.  Dishes shattered and the tray itself clattered loudly upon the floor.  “Is...that...”
“Summon a healer,” Ashwin commanded.  “Be quick.”
The child turned to leave only to be faced with Merran, standing in the doorway, tears in his blue eyes as they settled upon the battered form in Ashwin’s bed.  Without looking away, he touched the gray’s shoulder.  “Go fetch Lord Eisleth.  This may be beyond my skill.”  Finally, he looked at Ashwin, who lowered his gaze to the man in his arms, dying, if he was to trust Merran’s graveness.
The Apprentice left and the Mage-Adept approached the bed.  He lowered onto the edge, and reached cautiously for Korsten, as if seeking someone’s permission to touch him.  Ashwin withdrew enough to let Korsten’s injured form rest upon the mattress, though he stayed beside him, finding his hand, which was nearly the only undamaged part of Korsten’s body, and holding it gently.  You’re going to live.  You’re more determined to live than you know.  It doesn’t matter what they’ve done to you.  Your will is stronger.
Merran began working a healing over Korsten’s reddened throat, where it appeared someone had attempted recently to choke the life from him.  Afterward he performed a quick preliminary check over the rest of Korsten’s body.  Korsten remained semi-conscious throughout the examination, scarcely making a sound, even when Merran spoke to him.  He moved only once, just enough to squeeze Ashwin’s hand.  Ashwin looked at their hands joined and felt the tears in his eyes slip down his cheeks.  He invoked an easy spell without thinking, and took in a taste of Korsten’s suffering for himself.  After reestablishing the spell-link they’d shared once before, Ashwin had to withdraw from his student for a moment.  For one, Merran needed to finish his examination and also, Ashwin felt ill with what Korsten’s pain was telling him.
“I can heal the surface wounds,” Merran finally announced.  “But I’m going to need Eisleth’s help to determine how severe the internal damage is and to tend to it.”
“Internal?” Ashwin echoed, hearing his voice less steady than he tried to make it.
“I suspect he’s bleeding inside,” Merran informed.  “For more reasons than any assaults that were delivered with fist or foot.”
“You mean they raped him,” Ashwin clarified, his tone more disgusted than Merran’s unfailing clinical demeanor in a moment like this.  He suspected as much, but having it confirmed in so many words helped him to fully realize the level of violence and humiliation Korsten had been subjected to.
“If he survives,” Merran continued, “he will need time to recover.  Emotionally, he will need a great deal of time.”
Ashwin already knew that.  He could feel as much.  And he could feel what Merran felt, in spite of his stoicism.  He’d felt it for a long time and wasn’t surprised when at last, it broke through the Mage-Adept’s mask and left him bent over Korsten in tears.  Ashwin was having difficulty pitying him, however piteous his display happened to be.  Merran had not cried since he was a child of fifteen, confused and angry after the murder of his family at the hands of the Vadryn.  He wept then, on none other than Ashwin’s shoulder.  At that time, Ashwin was inclined to comfort him, since his life-mentor was not so compassionate a soul.  At that time, he never would have imagined that such a boy would grow to be his rival in a futile quest for a heart that could never be won.  
Korsten’s heart had been stolen by a demon and while Ashwin respected that cursed love and otherwise stated his own feelings and intentions openly and honestly to Korsten, Merran had used deceit to secure a place for himself in Korsten’s bed.  Beyond disappointed, Ashwin was resentful and jealous.  He tried not to let that effect his behavior toward Merran, who remained one of the Seminary’s more reliable mages and still a welcomed ally in their overall cause, but he could not sympathize with Merran’s pain now.  For too long Merran had acted heedless of Ashwin’s suffering and with too little care for the effect his deception would sooner or later have on Korsten.
“It ends now,” Ashwin said, and he didn’t realize that he had vocalized his thoughts until Merran lifted his tear-streaked face and looked at him.  “I know it is lax here when dealing with matters of companionship, but there has always been one unspoken rule among us, and that is honesty.  Perhaps I was wrong to behave as I did when Sharlotte was with us, but I never lied to her.  You will not lie to Korsten any longer, if he should recover from this.  Tell him the truth of what is in your heart and accept rejection if that is what he offers you, as I have.”
Merran stared at him a moment, then shook his head, as if in disbelief.  “You would choose this time to speak of such things?  Your jealousy has put you beside yourself, Lord Ashwin.  This is no place for it.”
Ashwin glared immediately.  He was infuriated by the other mage’s comment, that he would dare make such an urgent matter appear petty and as if it were of concern to only one of them.  “Take care in your words.  If my concern was only for myself, I would have poisoned your affair long ago by uttering truth to him about your actual feelings, that go well beyond comfort by now.  They have for some time and yet you continued, knowing how he torments himself with worry over whether or not he has betrayed the person he loves.”
“It isn’t love,” Merran dismissed, wiping quickly at his eyes and proceeding with his healing magic over Korsten’s unconscious form.  “He is bound by that beast.  He doesn’t know how he truly feels about anyone.”
“You’re wrong,” Ashwin told him.
“Am I?”  Merran just glanced at his superior while performing his spell.  “Then he has betrayed his precious Renmyr anyway.”
“What are you saying?” Ashwin demanded, his tone low, seething as he verged upon losing his temper with the Mage-Adept.  He watched the healer’s hands moving over Korsten, not making contact with him, but still seeming to touch him intimately.
“Whatever exists between Korsten and that demon...it’s you he loves.  When he admits that to himself, I’ll let him go to you, as he clearly wants to.  It was never my intention to stand between the two of you.”
The unexpected statement disarmed Ashwin.  “Merran...”
“Please, don’t insult me by pretending that you can’t see it.”  Merran looked up at him again.  There may have been fresh tears in his eyes.  “It’s you, Lord Ashwin.  Whenever he feels betrayed by Renmyr Camirey, pushed to such a length that he’ll never be able to reach him again, whose shelter does he seek?”  Returning to his work, Merran answered his own question.  “Not mine.  Both times, after he has come to the brink of death and realized that his lover is not present to save him and never will be, he has gone to you.”
“He trusts me,” Ashwin said, quietly.
“Yes,” Merran agreed, too easily.  “More than Renmyr Camirey…more than me.  The demon has turned against him and damaged his heart, but not shattered it.  I am merely someone who eases his pain from time to time.  You make him feel safe, Ashwin.  That is something that often only comes with love, be it between family or between lovers.  And don’t even begin to tell me that he looks at a man like you and sees a father or a brother.”
Perhaps Ashwin should have been somewhat relieved to have that observation from Merran, but somehow he couldn’t believe that it was so simple.  Merran had shared with Korsten in a way that Ashwin had not…in a way he could not, without damaging what they’d built this far.  Ashwin could wait, forever if he had to.  He could die not knowing that closeness with Korsten, though it was not his desire to do so.  Still, he would if it were Korsten’s wish to keep a distance, but it was unbearable to know that someone else was taking advantage of the circumstances...serving themselves, whether they would admit to it or not.  Merran was going to admit to it now.  And if he truly cared for Korsten, he would accept loneliness for him.
Just as I have, Ashwin thought, giving his attention back to Korsten, who was mending well, at the surface.
Eisleth arrived finally, and Merran moved aside to allow the Mage-Superior to make his own assessment of Korsten’s condition.  It wasn’t long before he began working a spell, a slightly different healing than what Merran had been performing to alleviate the bruising and close the skin where it was broken.  Eisleth’s magic seeped beneath Korsten’s skin and made him stir.
Ashwin reached for him automatically, and wound up with his hand again.  Korsten squeezed Ashwin’s fingers tightly when Eisleth’s next dose of magic entered him.  It was evidently causing him pain.  “Isn’t it working?” Ashwin asked.
“With internal damage, it’s complicated,” Eisleth explained.  “Hit or miss, really, since there’s no way to see the areas that need mending.  The spell searches for those areas, but the repair is made with haste and without salve to the affliction.  Bleeding of this nature must be stopped quickly.  A little extra pain is preferable over death.   I’m sure you agree.”
Ashwin did agree, but that didn’t mean that he appreciated Eisleth’s cold manner.
“Merran, you understand how some of this damage was caused?” Eisleth asked his student.
“Yes, Lord Eisleth,” the Mage-Adept answered.
“You’ve assessed the emotional impact?”
Merran nodded and when his life-mentor looked at him, as if to ask him what conclusion he’d arrived at, he said, “I don’t believe he should be left alone, but leaving him in the care of just anyone may cause him to close in on himself.”  Ashwin thought he knew what the man was going to suggest and he was thoroughly taken off guard when Merran said, “He Reached here, to his mentor, seeking shelter from the horror he left behind him.  I believe he would shy from anyone else just now and that it would be best if he remained here for the time present.  Lord Ashwin, I recommend that you stay by him, constantly if you’re able.  He is likely to fear being taken back to where he was.  If he obsesses about it, he is liable to Reach himself there by accident.  They’ll surely kill him if he does.”
“I’ll stay with him,” Ashwin said, unable to look at Merran.  He watched Eisleth instead, working his magic, presumably making some progress as Korsten reacted less to the invasion into his currently sensitive body.
“Interesting,” Eisleth suddenly said, his hand gliding over Korsten’s exposed and slightly less discolored chest.  While Ashwin and Merran looked on with curiosity and concern, the darker Mage-Superior summoned a rounded lump of silver out of Korsten’s left breast.  He held the item up in display to his present company, the shadow of a smile gracing his otherwise serene features.  “Our very young Adept had a plan for escaping his captors whether or not he would be able to cast the Reach.  It appears that he moved the weapon we gave him from his palm to his heart, to a space just beside it.  If he’d have given it any shape at all, it would have pierced the organ and killed him, very near instantly.  I suspect the opportunity to perform the Reach came last-moment, else he’d be dead right now.”
Ashwin stared at his silent student, bothered by the discovery before he understood.  In this instance, suicide would have been justified.  He’d endured far longer than others would have as it was.  Thank you for holding out, Korsten.  Ashwin’s gaze finally caught the red butterfly clinging to the wall above Korsten’s head.  And thank you, Analee, for being with him.

~

Korsten sat up in the darkness.  His hands were free for some reason.  They’d left him lying on the floor unattended.  Maybe they thought he was dead.  He could get away.  He would have to do it now, before...
“No!” Korsten cried out when hands touched him.  “Let go!”  The individual tried to restrain him.  He resisted and wound up pinned beneath their weight, his arms pinned to either side of him.  He recalled the silver beside his heart, determined to end it now, since he couldn’t get away.  Their abuse was too much.  He could still protect the Seminary and the others.
No, it’s gone!  Gods, they’ve found it somehow and taken it from me!
“Stop,” Korsten begged, still struggling, deaf to his tormentor’s voice even as it shouted at him.  “No more...please, just kill me...please...”
And then his captor said something strange.  “You’re safe, Korsten.  Calm yourself!”
That voice.  It isn’t...it couldn’t be...
Korsten stopped writhing in the man’s grasp.  He stopped to take in the darkness and felt its dimensions.  There was a bed beneath him, not grimy stone.  The air smelled of a soft fragrance rather than of filth and his own blood.  The hands touching him were not rough and heavy, but soft...gentle.  Korsten could see him now through the dimness of night.  He could see a face that right now appeared more lovely than if a dozen glorious sunrises all shared the same moment, filling the sky with a myriad of orange-gold rays and soft clouds.  Korsten felt instantly warm, hidden from the darkness...safe, at last.
“Ashwin,” Korsten whispered, and then all he could do was cry.
“It’s all right,” Ashwin said softly.  “Weep.  You have every right to.”  His mentor lay down beside him and Korsten slid against him.
“Don’t leave,” Korsten begged.  “Hold me, please.  Don’t leave.”
Ashwin’s arms came around him.  “I’m here.”
“Don’t leave,” Korsten said again.  He moved his hands and leaned his face against the older man’s chest.  “Don’t let me sleep, Ashwin.  Please, I can’t bear the dreams.  I can’t bear the dark and thoughts of being there again.”
“You’re all right now,” Ashwin promised him, holding him and doing nothing more.  “Hush, Korsten.  You’re safe.”

~

Korsten didn’t mean to, but he fell asleep.  He awoke with someone beside him, sleeping as well.  Ashwin’s breathing was quiet, peaceful.  His body was warm, anchoring.  Korsten didn’t want to move.  He wanted to stay here, the last place he thought of being as he lay on the brink of death in a place that felt very much like Hell.  This was Heaven, lying in this bed, clad in clean, cool silk.  Some of the fabric belonged to the bedding, the rest belonged to robes…so many lush folds of white that it was difficult to tell where Korsten’s ended and Ashwin’s began.  He’d been healed, but he still hurt.  He couldn’t really tell if the pain was physical or not.  He’d endured so much torment to his body and his mind that it scarcely seemed to matter while he was there, in the clutches of an enemy more cruel than he’d have ever imagined them to be.  He would have died there, if there was no other option, but when the chance presented itself, he went to the place he’d rather die...in Ashwin’s arms.
He wondered what that meant.  Even now, he…he wanted to argue that he couldn’t let go of Renmyr and he couldn’t embrace another until he did.  But I don’t want anyone else.  I had what I wanted.  I lost it to the Vadryn.  I don’t...
Korsten stopped himself in the midst of a lie.  He looked at his hand, clutching Ashwin’s robe, so close to Ashwin’s hand, resting upon the other man’s chest.  Korsten uncurled his fingers slowly, and reached toward his peaceful face.
“You’re awake,” Ashwin said softly and Korsten withdrew.  “How are you feeling?”
Korsten avoided giving an answer.  “How long have I been here?”
“You returned to us eight days ago.  You’ve been asleep for most of that time.  I know you asked me not to let you sleep, but you seemed in dire need of the rest.  For that matter, so was I.”
“You stayed?” Korsten whispered, wanting to cry again, though he didn’t.  “The entire time?”
“Yes,” Ashwin answered.  He was looking at the ceiling.  “I’ll stay longer, if you need me to.  I’ll lie here with you until the world ceases to exist and we are forced to drift apart as stardust at the mercy of Heaven’s breath.”
“I’d take you seriously, if you weren’t smiling,” Korsten replied, believing he’d never wanted to see anything so badly as his mentor’s smile just now.
Ashwin turned his head to look at him.  “My smile is not owed to teasing you, Korsten.  I’ve missed you and worried about you, to the point of bringing myself to illness.  It brings me unspeakable joy to have you here with me, to see you safe and healing.”
“Ashwin...” The tears returned.  “I feel as if I’m dreaming, and I’ll wake up there again.  I want this to be real.  I don’t want to go back.  I can’t…”
“This is real,” Ashwin said softly.  “You have no more reason to fear.  I promise you that I’m not going anywhere...and neither are you.”
Korsten forced himself to relax a little.  He drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly, situating his head on Ashwin’s shoulder.  “It was worse than anything I’d ever dreamed.”
“You don’t have to think of it now.  Or ever, for that matter.”
Korsten wished that were true.  However, “Morenne and the Vadryn have teamed against us.”
“I suspected as much,” Ashwin replied quietly.
Korsten accepted that with silence that didn’t last.  “There was a lesser demon there...a tainted soul, I believe, not a true Vadryn.  He asked about you.”
Ashwin allowed the statement to settle, then said, “A great many years ago I succeeded in ousting a Master of the Vadryn from its chosen vessel.  I wasn’t able to destroy the demon, but somehow the human host managed to survive after almost a century being bonded with it.  The individual, I came to discover, was of a particularly strong bloodline.  The Vadryn spend centuries searching for such hosts.  It is not easy establishing a mutual union.  Naturally, the demon resents me for my interference.  It will hold a grudge forever, I imagine, until one or the other of us is dead.  I’ve been tracking it with the aid of field Adepts, hoping to destroy it before it could retrace the bloodline it had been severed from.  Unfortunately, I was unable to do so.  It found…I believe it was helped to find a descendant of its original host to occupy.  A willing descendant.”
“Renmyr,” Korsten whispered.
Ashwin’s silence was all the affirmation required.  It was true.
“So, you see,” the Mage-Superior said in the familiar tone he used when he wanted to suppress his emotions.  “It was not false hope I offered you before, Korsten.  It is possible to release his soul from the demon...and for him to survive it.”
Korsten couldn’t say anything.  He let his face sink a little more against Ashwin’s shoulder.
His mentor took his hand and held it with the caution of a man handling a bird’s broken wing.  “Perhaps this is not the time for such discussion, but I want to tell you...I know how you feel, Korsten.  However, my feelings have not changed.  If anything, they’ve grown stronger...strong enough that I don’t have to have you completely.  Just having you at all is enough.  There is no one else who makes me this happy.”
Korsten could only stare at him, listening to him offering what Korsten had wanted once...before Renmyr.  He’d dreamt of such romantic notions as a love that didn’t make demands, but that simply was, that existed without expectations or stipulations.  He’d dreamt of it when he was a child, too foolish to understand the way of things.  He felt like a child now, believing in a dream’s possibility.  He could have this ideal love.  He could have it here, with Ashwin.  There was no one to hide from, no reason not to trust.
“There is nothing I feared so greatly as losing you,” Ashwin continued.  “After all my years in this world, I cannot say such a thing lightly.  I mean it, Korsten, with all that I am.  I have never loved as I love you.  If I had you at night only to sleep beside me, I would be content.  You needn’t betray the love you still hold for the one you lost.  Though I have strove and will continue to strive to earn it, I would not ask for your heart now.  I know it is not something that you can give at this time.  I only ask that you be with me, in whatever capacity suits you.”
Korsten kept Ashwin’s hand.  He didn’t want to let it go.  He didn’t want to let go what the other man was offering him, but... “I’m your student and your friend, Ashwin.  I will always be that, but I don’t know if I can be anything more.  In spite of your words, that have touched me deeply, I think it would only hurt you if I were to offer you anything less than my heart.  You deserve more, and you don’t know how I wish that I could be the one to give it to you, that I could be the one to have the love you...”
Ashwin stopped him by lightly touching his face.  “You have it,” he whispered with tears behind his smile.  “Whether you will accept it or not.  I love you.”  And then he came forward and softly kissed Korsten’s brow.  “Now rest, my dear.  Don’t be troubled with our conversation.  Nothing has changed.”
No.  Nothing had changed.  Korsten had known for years about Ashwin’s feelings for him and Ashwin was accustomed to being pushed away.  Even after such a meaningful confession, he still accepted Korsten’s stubborn….though maybe more reluctant rejection with a patient smile.
I must be a fool, Korsten thought to himself, failing to cry in the enduring warmth of Ashwin’s embrace.  I am a fool, because I can’t stop thinking about you, Ren.  After all that’s happened, I should be able to let go.  I should be able to hate you, but I can’t help that I still love you.  I’m going to save you, Ren...even if it means killing us both.

~

Another week passed.  Korsten lay with his mentor, receiving nothing but the careful affection he had always received, from the moment he and Ashwin first met in the lily garden.  Perhaps it was unfair of Korsten to test Ashwin this way, knowing how the elder felt about him, but he needed his mentor right now.  After all that had happened, he needed to feel loved not wanted, protected rather than simply looked after.  Yes, Ashwin’s interests extended beyond platonic, but the Mage-Superior could pretend very well that they didn’t.  And for the days Korsten was conscious, showing and feeling tremendous improvement, he and Ashwin were as too very young friends, taking advantage of a shared illness  They sat together and talked, and shared meals, and complained mutually about the frequent interruptions provided by the Apprentices Eisleth had stationed outside the room.  Later they would agree that it was better to be pestered than to have no one caring and during those sober moments Ashwin would sometimes resume his role as teacher and present his recovering student with books to read.  Korsten welcomed them.  In fact, when his mentor, who had taken to moving about the room more frequently than Korsten, took it upon himself to gently strum one of the stringed instruments Korsten had never before noticed adorning various places of the room, he rather enjoyed his study time.  He thought of Lerissa, who had surely inherited her talents from her ancestor.  That, of course, included his mischief.  Memories of Lerissa made him think of Sharlotte, who had been Ashwin’s spouse, and Korsten was again thinking of Ashwin’s beautiful confession, which now seemed oddly more like a proposal.
It was on the sixteenth evening of his recovery that Korsten felt well enough to carry himself to the bench occupying Ashwin’s balcony.  He sat with his robes gathered about him, lounging at one end of the bench, gazing up at the waking stars.
Ashwin eventually joined him, sitting on the edge of the bench, within easy reach.  Korsten shifted his focus from the stars to his mentor, wondering which was a more beautiful view while waiting for the other man to speak.  Ashwin didn’t.  Perhaps by now he didn’t have to.
Korsten sat silently forward, summoning Ashwin to look at him with his touch.  He hesitated just a moment before kissing the other man softly on the mouth.  Ashwin let him.  He did a little more than let him, but he was careful not to take advantage of the situation.  If only he had some idea of how much that meant to Korsten...or perhaps he did.
Korsten withdrew slowly and kept his hands on his mentor when he said, “I do love you, Ashwin...more than I can describe even to myself and certainly beyond what I can demonstrate to you.  You’ve inspired me and protected me, and shown only kindness to me, even when I’ve shown you ingratitude in return.  You’re everything I once would have wanted.  If I were a very young man again, the phantom in my silly romantic dreams would look like you, and if ever you came to me, I wouldn’t believe it, because I can’t believe an angel would have time or care for a foolish mortal like myself.”
Ashwin laughed.  “I’m far from angelic, but thank you for the thought.”
“You are an angel, Ashwin.  You’re my angel.  You’ve guarded me and guided me, and I am more grateful than you may ever know.  What I’m trying to say is, that it isn’t Renmyr that keeps me from you.  I know now that it’s me.  I can’t accept you.”
Ashwin was beginning to frown unhappily.  “I’m not sure that I understand you.”
“I’m not sure that I understand myself,” Korsten answered, sitting back again, giving his gaze to the stars.  “I only know that I can’t accept you yet.  I’m trying to hold onto too much already and...” He looked at Ashwin again, directly into his misting green eyes.  A single tear rolled down his own cheek.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t know what I’m trying to say.”
Ashwin leaned forward and brushed the moisture from Korsten’s face.  “Say nothing more,” he whispered.  “I understand.”  And then it seemed he might kiss Korsten, who would surely have let him—he may have allowed more at that moment—but Ashwin touched their brows together instead, proving his nobility once again.  “I understand,” he repeated, as if telling it to himself.
Korsten cupped his mentor’s face in both hands and kissed his forehead, then folded his arms around him.  “Ashwin...thank you.”
He left his mentor’s room that night, and slept alone in his own bed.  He was well enough now, physically and emotionally to move on.  He would never forget what had happened to him at Lilende and during his stay in that enemy stronghold, but he could resume normal life at the Seminary; if life at the Seminary could be considered in any way normal.  Whether it was or wasn’t, it was home now to Korsten.  He belonged among his fellow mages, who had become his family.  Their cause was his.  In the same way, Renmyr had adopted the Vadryn.
We’ve become enemies, Ren.  There’s nothing for it now, except for each of us to play out our roles.  Our separate roles.  You’ve made that clear to me by now.  And though it hurts, I can’t cry over it right now, love; there’s too much on my mind.  Perhaps later.


EPILOGUE

Crouched in the middle archway that lined his balcony, Korsten watched morning come.  He let his mind wander and felt himself relaxing, though it still hurt a little to breathe.  He tried not to think of Renmyr, and when a knock came at his door, he recalled the individual he hadn’t been thinking about much at all throughout his ordeal.  He couldn’t say why Merran escaped his thoughts, but he stood as the other mage entered, and felt remorse and relief simultaneously watching him come across the room.  He seemed to be in no hurry, same as always.  Korsten waited for him patiently, and when the other man stopped, placing himself more than an arm’s length away, he stepped toward him and put his arms around him.
“And you thought you were rid of me, didn’t you?” Korsten whispered over Merran’s shoulder, smiling, even though he was crying.
Merran didn’t tease him back.  He hugged him, carefully at first, and then tightly.  Unexpectedly, he dropped his face onto Korsten’s shoulder, muffling a sudden sob.  
Korsten should have been shocked, witnessing his friend in tears for the first time, but somehow he wasn’t.  He stayed in Merran’s arms, and hushed him when he tried to speak.  “I didn’t cry for you, Merran.  I knew you were safe and I knew you’d get back here, where Ashwin would wrap you in the garden vines if he had to in order to keep you from placing yourself in danger again with the hopes of righting what went wrong.  My capture was my blame and my task to resolve.  I managed to come back alive, though barely.  I had hoped you would be proud.”
Merran calmed himself somewhat in the next moment, drawing himself up and lifting one hand to the back of Korsten’s head, pressing him closer.  “I am proud, Korsten.  I should never have doubted you.”
“I never believed you did,” Korsten replied.  “You’ve been a source of strength for me, Merran.  I…”
“Has Ashwin told you nothing?” Merran interrupted quietly.
“Concerning what?  Are you leaving on another assignment already?”
“No, Korsten.  I...” Merran drew back, placing his hands on Korsten’s arms, as always assailing him with the severity in his eyes.  “I’ve lied to you,” he confessed, and while Korsten remained confused, he added, “I’ve been deceiving you for some time now.  I don’t know how long for certain.  I can’t tell you when it…when I...”
Korsten lifted his fingertips to Merran’s mouth suddenly.  He didn’t know why exactly.  Merran didn’t often waste words, so undoubtedly what he had to say was important, but Korsten didn’t want to let him continue.  Without fully understanding the awkward moment, he said, “Nothing you have ever done for me has felt like a deception to me.”  He transferred his touch from Merran’s lips to his cheek, brushing away a tear with his thumb.  “Perhaps we’ve been deceiving ourselves.”
Merran closed his eyes, as if to hide the tears that had already been revealed.  “If that were so, what would you suggest we do?”
“Maybe nothing,” Korsten replied, as if he knew what they were talking about.  “Ashwin did tell me something during our recovery, actually.”
Opening his eyes again, Merran asked, “And what was that?”
Korsten withdrew his hand and smiled at one friend while quoting another.  “Nothing has changed.”
Merran walked away from him, toward the balcony railing, where he braced his hands and sighed into the morning.  “You have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Korsten joined him at the balustrade.  “Don’t I?”  In a moment, he sighed himself.  “Things can change, Merran, but that doesn’t mean that they have to just now.  Nothing can truly change for me until I’ve done what Renmyr needs me to do for him.  He’s going to fight me every step of the way, of course.  He’s always been stubborn, but he’ll have to see things my way this time.  His very soul depends on it.”
“You still love him.”
“Yes, I do.”
“And what of Ashwin?”
“We have always understood each other.”  Korsten smiled at his friend.  “Which is perhaps more than I can say for you and I.”
“Well more,” Merran replied.
And they left it at that, which was precisely where it needed to be.  Nothing had ended, and nothing had changed, nothing that had not already been well on its way to changing forever.  And that was life’s constant course; to change and to challenge those who lived it to survive and to grow…to renew itself and continue on, just as it had at the Seminary, reflective each day in the lilies in the garden, and the blood each of the mages carried, and the magic stored in their souls, and in the souls of all living things.  The Vadryn would bring all of it down, if allowed.  Korsten would not allow it.  He had answered his calling, and he would be committed to it now, until the magic he’d been granted had been spent and Analee brought what remained back here to begin the cycle again.
But that’s a long way off, he told himself.  It would be a long road finding and releasing Renmyr, and until then…
Until then, there would be other souls to protect.


Join Korsten as the war with Morenne and the Vadryn continue in 
Blood Song (Blood Wars Trilogy #2)

And don't forget to sign up for our mailing list to get news and updates direct to your email!
