


OUTAGE
 
 
 
By T.W. Piperbrook
Copyright © 2014 by T. W. Piperbrook. All rights reserved.
First Smashwords Edition: June 2014
 
Edited by Amanda Sumner.
Cover by Keri Knutson.
Formatted by Polgarus Studio.
 
Special thanks to Linda Tooch, DeLinda Jiles, and Jeff A. for your proofreading and critique!
 
For more information on the author’s work, visit: http://twpiperbrook.blogspot.com/
 
Dedicated to the readers. You make it all worthwhile!
 
All rights reserved. This eBook is licensed for the personal enjoyment of the original purchaser only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this eBook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
The characters and events portrayed in this book are a work of fiction or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
ABOUT OUTAGE:
 
When newlyweds Abby and Rob awaken, the power is out, the neighborhood is covered in snow, and the house is freezing.
 
They’ll soon find out that the storm is the least of their worries.
 
Somewhere outside, something else is lurking.
 
Waiting for the chance to strike…
 
Want to know when the next release is coming out? Sign up for NEW RELEASE ALERTS at http://eepurl.com/qy_SH
Prologue

Leon Hamilton awoke to a wall of static. He blinked twice, watching black and white spots dance across the television screen. His left hand clutched the beer he’d been working on; his legs were stiff and asleep.
“Aw, hell,” he muttered.
Adeline was going to kill him. He’d promised to be in bed hours ago, but he’d fallen asleep again. That was the third time this week.
Now he was going to wake her when he got into bed. His late-night television habit had long been a source of conflict, and one he’d promised to work on. Now he was going to get his ass reamed.
Leon set the half-empty beer on the end table next to him. He was surprised he hadn’t dropped it. If he had, he’d have been in even more trouble. The only thing his wife liked better than sleep was a clean house.
A beer stain would mean the end of him.
After setting down his beer, he reached for the television remote. He was about to shut off the set when he noticed something. According to the clock on the television, it was ten past eleven, but already the cable box had turned off. Usually, the timer lasted for a good five hours.
That’s strange, he thought.
Maybe there was an issue with the cable. He contemplated checking the wires but thought better of taking the time to do it now. He was in enough trouble as it was. He decided to leave it until the morning. He got to his feet and clicked the power button on the remote. The television winked off.
Still groggy, Leon stretched, shaking off the remnants of sleep, and started through the den. The glow of kitchen appliances filtered in from the next room. In front of him were an open kitchen and living room; in between was a small hallway that led to a bathroom. Adeline was sleeping upstairs. They’d talked about downsizing after the kids had moved out, but they hadn’t gotten around to it yet.
Leon padded through the kitchen, trying to make as little noise as possible. If he could avoid waking Adeline, maybe he could dodge her verbal assault until morning. Maybe she won’t even know I was up. He smiled at the thought. He took the hallway on his left and studied the bathroom. After a careful internal debate, he detoured into it.
As worried as he was about the noise, he had to piss.
The bathroom floor consisted of tile. Leon could feel the cold through his socks, creeping into the arches of his feet and numbing his toes.
He nudged the door closed to a crack and headed for the toilet. A lone green night-light occupied the outlet above the sink, casting an ethereal glow through the room. Leon unzipped his fly. Above him was a window, and he stared through the pane while he relieved himself.
It was then that he noticed the snow.
Large white flakes drifted past the window, obscuring his view of the outside. His brow furrowed. He hadn’t heard mention of snow in the forecast. It was only October, after all—much too early for a storm. He blinked a few times to ensure he wasn’t imagining things, but the snow continued.
So that’s why it’s so damn cold in here, he thought.
With a shrug, Leon finished his business and headed to the sink, aiming to wash his hands. He’d just reached for the faucet when the nightlight went out.
What the hell?
He held still for a minute, confused. Had the bulb burned out? If so, he had some of the worst luck ever. First the cable and now this, he thought. He felt around the wall for the device, thinking he could coax it into working. It took a second for him to realize the whole house had gone silent.
The power was out.
Leon paused, his hand on the night-light. The routine hum of appliances had ceased, plunging the house into absolute quiet. Outside, the wind kicked up a notch, peppering snow against the windowpane. Although there were no lights on the side of the house, he could see the white powder by the pale light of the sky.
Dammit. That meant the heat wouldn’t work, either.
Shaking his head, Leon inched open the bathroom door and stepped into the hallway. One of the floorboards creaked. He cursed under his breath, listening for Adeline.
He was about to head upstairs to the bedroom when he heard a clatter. Leon jumped and swiveled around in the dark house. It took him a second to realize the noise hadn’t come from within the house, but from the yard.
What the hell was that?
He backed away from the doorway. Had animals gotten into the garbage again? He thought he’d warded them off for good last time. Dammit.
He could hear his wife snoring upstairs. She’d be pissed if the animals made a mess. The last thing he wanted to do was go outside, but the thought of Adeline chewing him out prompted him to head back into the kitchen and get his coat. On his way, he peered out the sliding glass doors in the living room, but saw nothing. He pulled on his jacket, then walked through the kitchen and to the back door.
A pair of boots lay on the floor mat. He retrieved them and slipped them on. When he’d finished dressing, he turned his attention outside. The wind had picked up, and it battered against the windowpane, casting a layer of white over the small, rectangular windows. Out of habit, he flicked on the light switch.
The backyard remained dark.
The garbage bins were about a hundred feet away, next to the shed. He peered into the night but could make out little more than their outlines in the snow. There was no sign of any animals.
Perhaps the raccoons had already scurried away.
For a second, he contemplated going to bed. But if he did, and the animals made a mess, he’d feel Adeline’s wrath for sure.
He reached for a broom beside the refrigerator, then opened the back door. He was immediately hit with a blast of cold. Leon folded his arms across his chest. It was freezing.
He’d make quick work of the animals, then scoot back inside.
He stepped into the yard, immediately blinded by the falling snow. In just a few minutes the storm had intensified, and he could no longer see more than a few feet in front of him. There were already several inches of snow on the ground. He shielded his face with his arms and took another step, wielding the broom. His legs faltered.
Leon was groggy, and half-drunk to boot. I shouldn’t have had that many beers before bedtime. I should’ve gone to bed. If he’d skipped watching television, he’d be asleep right now. But it was too late for that.
He picked up his pace, boots crunching the snow. The shed loomed closer. Through the blizzard, he could now make out the white vinyl siding and the black shutters that matched his house. The two garbage bins sat next to it. Neither appeared to have been disturbed. False alarm, he thought. If the critters had been trying to get in, there was no sign of them now.
He looked to his right. Past the neighbor’s fence, he could see the shadowed hulk of the house next door. The raised ranch was dark.
They’re probably asleep. Like I should be.
Whatever he’d heard must not have been the garbage cans. Perhaps he was imagining things. Leon was tired as hell, after all.
He turned his attention back to the house and began slogging his way through the snow. In front of him he could see the outline of the back door, which he’d left open a crack. He was almost there. He blinked to clear the ice that clung to his eyelashes.
It was then that he sensed something behind him.
Leon paused mid-stride, tightening his grip on the broom. His feet quaked from the cold, and his face felt like it was going numb. In spite of that, he smiled. The stupid raccoons probably thought they were going to pull one over on him. Maybe they were trying to wait him out. If that was the case, they had another thing coming.
He spun and peered into the darkness. The shed and the garbage cans were exactly as he remembered them.
Next to them, cloaked in shadow, was a pair of eyes.
Leon blinked twice to ensure he wasn’t seeing things, but the image persisted: twin embers looking at him from the left-hand side of the shed.
Was he imagining things? Was he more drunk than he thought? He squinted, but could only make out a shadowed mass behind the cans. Whatever it was, it was big. Much bigger than any raccoon.
He’d need more than a broom.
Before he could react, the thing moved.
Leon fell back a step, almost losing his balance. The thing watched his movements, tracking him like prey. Though he couldn’t see what the thing was, he could sense that it was dangerous, that it meant him harm, and he fought the overpowering urge to run.
Whatever it was would sense his fear.
He wasn’t sure of much, but that he knew.
He backpedaled slowly, testing each step. Although he wasn’t far from the door, he knew that running might provoke a predator to attack. If he could get just a little farther, he could clear the doorway. Then he’d slam the door and call animal control.
The police. Someone. Anyone. Someone would take care of it, and afterward, he’d get some sleep.
The thing moved again.
Leon repeated his plan in his head as he inched backward, his heart knocking against his ribcage. He was getting close to the door. He could see the house in his peripheral vision; he was almost there.
Before he could reach the door, the shape emerged from the shadows, illuminated by the pale wintry sky. The animal—thing—was the size of a man, but it walked on both hands and feet, its body covered in coarse dark hair. It sniffed the air as it came toward him, eyes blazing.
Leon attempted to turn, but in his panic, he tripped. The snow had already accumulated several inches, and he stumbled in the crevice of his own footprints. Suddenly he was flat on his back.
He pushed off the ground, scrambling to right himself, but he was too late.
The creature was already loping toward him, and before he knew it the thing was hovering over him, its warm breath misting the air. Leon opened his mouth to scream, but no sound came out. His heart thundered.
He watched as the creature tilted its head to the sky as if performing some ancient ritual. Tendons stretched, nostrils flared. Its eyes roved the night, perusing the heavens, then lowered and locked on his face.
The last thing Leon saw was a set of jagged teeth and claws. He screamed as the creature ripped into him, its nails severing his head from his body.
His last conscious thought was of Adeline.
In his haste, he’d neglected to shut the door.



PART ONE – THE STORM
Chapter One

Abby Tanner awoke to a series of cracks and thumps, and she sat upright in her bed, certain the roof was about to cave in. The room was dark, but the windows contained an eerie glow, as if someone were shining car headlights on the back of the shades.
She patted the bed around her. To her left were her iPod headphones. To her right was her husband. Abby normally fell asleep to her favorite podcast, letting the soothing sounds usher her to sleep, but the iPod had long since shut off.
Her husband continued to snore.
Dammit, Rob. The man could sleep through a tornado.
She slid her fingers into her armpits, searching for a hint of warmth. Abby was wearing only a T-shirt and shorts. Normally the temperature in the house was hot and dry, but not tonight.
Tonight it was damn near freezing.
She held her breath and listened for the sound of the furnace. It was only October, but she’d become accustomed to the noise. On a typical night, she could hear it rattling and groaning, doing its best to maintain the seventy-degree temperature Rob set it to. Tonight it was silent.
Had it broken?
Perhaps the noise was the sound of the furnace crapping out. She’d known they’d needed a new one. During the inspection, the technician had mentioned it’d only be good for another few seasons.
Damn it. Right before winter, and on a cold night to boot.
She peered next to her at the bedside table, but the alarm clock had gone dark.
So it wasn’t just the furnace. The power was out, too. Not only did they have no heat, there was no electricity, either.
Great. Just great.
Outside, something snapped.
The noise was loud, almost like a crack of lightning, and Abby stiffened. After a few seconds, she heard a muffled thud from the backyard.
She reached over and shook her husband, hoping to rouse him, but Rob continued to snore. Annoyed, she lowered her bare feet to the carpet. The floorboards creaked underneath her weight. With the electricity and the heat off, the house had become a conduit for sound, and every noise lingered.
She held her breath as she padded across the room.
The bed was five feet from the windows, and the windows were covered in gray vinyl shades. Abby often had trouble sleeping, and she’d insisted on getting the thickest ones they could find.
She walked across the room, the carpet cold against her toes. How long had they been without power? The house was frigid.
She kept her eyes locked on the shades, studying the strange backlight that crept around the edges. They lived on a cul-de-sac, and there were only four other houses on the street. Most of their neighbors were quiet and kept to themselves. None were usually awake past ten o’clock.
So where was the light coming from?
She reached for the nearest window and parted the shade.
Immediately she was hit with a sea of white. The road and houses were covered in snow, the sharp lines of rooftops and gutters softened by round edges. Across the street, a burned-out streetlight hung like a teardrop, keeping vigil over the darkened neighborhood. The sky was an ominous gray.
She’d had no idea it was supposed to snow. In fact, from what she remembered, the weather was supposed to be clear. She hadn’t even thought it snowed this early in the season. At the same time, the weather in Connecticut was unpredictable, and the forecast tended to change by the minute.
If she’d learned anything at all, it was that.
The storm explained the brightness at the windows. It also explained the power outage. The wires were blanketed with snow. One of them must’ve been disabled.
She perused the windows of the neighboring houses but saw no lights. The two houses across the street—the Pierces’ and the Morgans’—were dark and desolate. Although she only had a partial view of the Hamiltons’ next door, their house appeared dark as well.
The only other house was at the end of the cul-de-sac, a brown contemporary that was set back from the road. She hadn’t had a chance to meet the owner yet, but it appeared he was without power, too.
At least we’re not in this alone.
She lowered the shade. More than likely, someone else had already called in the outage, but she’d phone it in just in case. It could take a while for the utility trucks to arrive.
It was a Friday night, after all, and probably after hours. Besides, it was snowing.
She was about to step away from the window when she heard another crack. Her heart jumped. Abby returned, hands shaking, and peered back outside. A tree limb had broken from an enormous pine across the street, and it hurtled to the ground, landing with a whump in the neighbor’s front yard.
“Holy shit,” Abby whispered, holding her hand over her mouth.
She surveyed the trees. All of the branches were sagging with snow. Because it was early in the season, the leaves hadn’t even fallen, and the excess weight was causing the branches to break. What if one of them fell and hit the house? What if one of them crushed her while she was sleeping?
Abby pictured a tree branch bursting through the ceiling and goring her through the stomach. Gross, Abby. She’d always had a vivid imagination, but now she found herself wishing she could turn it off.
A gust of wind blew. In the span of a few minutes, it seemed like the storm had worsened.
Other than the wind, the neighborhood had taken on an eerie quiet, and Abby had the sudden fear that she and Rob were alone, that all the neighbors had disappeared. She stared into the neighboring windows, expecting to see a pale face peering back at her—some evidence that someone else was watching—but all the shades were closed. A lone car sat in the Pierces’ driveway across the street. The Morgans’ vehicles were presumably in the garage. If either family was at home, no one was awake.
All the more reason to make that call.
She let go of the shade and scrambled for her cellphone. As she fumbled with the nightstand, she heard her husband groan. It sounded like he’d turned over.
“Rob?” she hissed.
The quiet was unnerving, and it made her feel as if she should be quiet, too.
No answer. The wind churned; the trees creaked and swayed. She located her cellphone and tapped the button on the side. Her fingers were stiff and frozen, and she wiggled them to restore the circulation. She glanced at the phone. As she waited for it to spring to life, she had the sudden premonition that the battery would be dead, that the phone would have no service.
The phone lit up without issue.
She stared at the screen. 12:21 a.m. It was earlier than she’d thought. That meant it would be dark for six more hours.
By that time, the house would be an igloo.
She brought up the Internet on the phone and attempted to find the number for the electric company. The webpage was loading, but slowly.
“Rob!” she hissed again.
She set the phone on the nightstand and crawled into bed. Then she took hold of Rob’s T-shirt and gave him a shake.
“Wake up, honey,” she whispered. “The power’s out and it’s snowing.”
The shadowed figure rolled onto his back but didn’t speak. She waited a few seconds before shaking him again. By the glow of the window, she could make out his eyes. It looked like they were open.
“You awake?”
Rob blinked, but didn’t answer.
Outside, the wind gusted. A shiver ran the length of her body, and she clutched her hands to her chest. Why wasn’t he answering? Was her husband messing with her? He’d been known to play pranks before, but she doubted that was the case now. Not tonight. Not at this hour.
“I’m serious, Rob. Wake up. I’m scared.”
She shook him again. Nothing. She reached back and grabbed the phone, then shined it on his face.
This time Rob’s voice broke through the silence.
“What the heck, Abs!” he said, his throat cracked and hoarse.
Abby sighed with relief.
In the light of the cellphone, she could make out her husband’s wrinkled brow, his bearded face. He wiped his eyes and stared at her, confused.
“What time is it?”
“Just after twelve. The power’s out.”
Rob blew on his hands.
“Why’s it so cold in here?” he asked.
“The furnace is down. It’s a freaking blizzard outside.”
She watched as her husband processed the information. Normally Rob was quick on the uptake, but given that he’d just woken up, she’d cut him some slack. After a few seconds, he nodded.
“Dammit. And we just went grocery shopping.” He rolled his eyes.
“I’m going to call the power company and report it.”
“Good idea. How long have you been awake?”
“Just a few minutes. The neighbors are probably still sleeping. I’m not sure if anyone’s called it in yet.”
“OK.”
With her husband awake, Abby felt her fear subside. She returned her attention to the phone. The Internet was still loading, and she tapped the screen to refresh it. Rob sat up next to her on the bed.
“I’m gonna hit the bathroom,” he said.
“OK. I’ll wait for the number to come up.”
“Do you want to use the home phone?”
“No, it’s fine. I’ll call from here.”
“OK. We’ll go back to sleep afterward.”
Yeah, right, she thought. She wouldn’t be able to sleep. Not through this.
The bedsprings creaked as Rob dismounted the other side. She heard the pad of his footsteps on the carpet, then the slap of feet on the hardwood as he reached the hall. The house was a raised ranch, and the only bathroom was upstairs. She listened as he clicked the door closed. Although they’d been married a year, Rob still liked his privacy. She shook her head and smiled.
She glanced back at the phone. The webpage still hadn’t loaded, and she was growing impatient. Perhaps she’d use the home phone as Rob had suggested, even if it meant walking through the cold house to get it. She could get the number from the directory. She felt a sudden draft from the window, and her bare legs prickled.
I should put on long pants.
She slid off the bed and made her way to the dresser. The bureau was stationed right next to the window. She used the light from her iPhone to illuminate the second drawer, then opened it and picked out a pair of gray sweatpants and a sweatshirt.
After changing into them, she sidled back to the window. From the other room, she could hear Rob finishing up in the bathroom. It sounded like he was washing his hands.
At least the water works.
Even so, they wouldn’t have hot water for long. Not with an electric water heater.
She cracked the shade and peered back outside.
The snow was coming down furiously. The flakes were as big as any she had ever seen, and Abby’s mouth dropped at the sight of them. In the driveway, the couple’s Honda Civic looked like a cloud with antennas and tires, and the street was paved a lustrous white.
Abby was about to step away when something caught her attention.
Across the street, in the Pierces’ driveway, something had moved.
She went stock-still and squinted into the night. But there was nothing there.
Was she imagining things? She wiped her eyes, trying to rid herself of sleep. Then she saw it again. Something was out there, all right. It looked like an animal, but she couldn’t be sure. The shape slipped around the back of the Pierces’ house and out of sight. She cupped her hand, holding it over her forehead to block the snow’s glare, but the form was gone.
She looked over her shoulder.
“Rob? Are you almost done? There’s something outside.”
She turned back to the window. This time she saw the figure in plain sight—it was a person coming down the Pierces’ driveway.
The person was wearing a thick, hooded coat and gloves. It looked like John Pierce. She watched as John idled toward his Nissan SUV.
So she hadn’t been imagining things.
John was carrying a tote bag, and he opened the door of the car and got inside. The vehicle’s interior lights came on, and she saw another person in the passenger seat. Were the Pierces leaving?
The vehicle’s headlights flashed; the engine rumbled. A second later, the rear windshield wipers started to move. The blades struggled against the snow, creating a mini-avalanche that tumbled onto the ground below.
The car went into reverse, fishtailing on the slippery driveway, then switched to drive.
Abby watched the vehicle roll down the road and disappear around the bend.
The wind continued to howl.
A cold fear seized hold of her chest. We need to leave.
The thought hit her with such force that she reeled back from the window. She pulled out her phone and looked at the time. 12:43 a.m. The snow continued to cascade to the ground below, flakes sticking to the glass. Every minute they waited would make it more difficult to get out. The couple’s Civic could barely drive in the summertime, let alone the winter.
She and Rob only had one car. They’d been meaning to buy another one, but they were still getting settled.
With the Pierces gone, the neighborhood suddenly felt empty and abandoned, as if she and Rob were the last survivors on a sinking ship. In a matter of moments they’d be overtaken by the elements, buried in a sea of white powder, condemned to die and—
Stop it, Abby.
She tried to calm herself, but her thoughts were running rampant.
The house felt colder than ever.
“Rob?”
Abby hadn’t heard her husband in several minutes. She dropped the shade and listened, certain he’d have returned by now. There were no sounds save the occasional creak of the floors. The wind quaked.
“Rob, where the hell are you?”
She tried to compose herself, but her voice was shaking. The house seemed cold and menacing and uninhabitable, and she stared at the ceiling, certain a branch would come crashing through the plaster at any moment.
Don’t be silly. You’ll be fine. The Morgans and the Hamiltons are still here, and so is the new neighbor at the end of the street.
Abby sucked in a slow breath, doing her best to calm herself down. If worse came to worst, she’d walk to the Hamiltons’. It was possible they had a generator. The power would be restored soon. They weren’t going to be stranded in the middle of the storm without help. There were plenty of options.
Get ahold of yourself, Abby.
She was overreacting, as usual. Her vivid imagination had gotten the best of her. Calm down and stop worrying so much. She felt her pulse start to decelerate, and she even cracked a smile.
Her smiled faded when another car started up outside.
Chapter Two

Abby watched the Morgans’ silver Chevy Blazer roll down the street, the somber light of the sky glinting off the hubcaps. The driver and passenger were staring straight ahead, two silhouettes forged in shadow. Neither of them gave Abby’s house a glance.
“Rob? Where are you, Goddammit?”
There was no answer from the other room.
She moved toward the doorway, hands tucked under her armpits. Her lungs felt like ice. If the lights had been on, Abby swore she would’ve been able to see her breath. When she reached the edge of the bedroom, she heard noises from the other end of the house.
“Rob?”
She choked back a sob. She was scared now, really scared, and if her husband didn’t answer her soon—
“In here!” Rob called.
His voice was still hoarse, as if he was in the process of waking up. Either that or he’s freezing to death. She stepped out into the hallway, trading the plush of carpet for the smooth gloss of hardwood. Across from the bedroom was a door leading to an office. Eventually Abby and Rob had hoped to use it as a nursery, but they hadn’t settled on a timeline.
There’d be plenty of time for that later, Rob had said.
Now she was starting to wonder if she’d die of frostbite first.
She continued down the hall, passing the open bathroom door on her left. About ten feet farther on, the house opened up into the living and dining areas. She navigated her way by the light of the cellphone. The windows in the adjacent room were uncovered, and the pale light of the sky glinted through the windows.
Rob was kneeling by the large bay window in the living room. His nose was pressed to the glass.
“Why didn’t you answer?” Abby demanded.
“I was just messing with you.” Rob grinned, and he punched her arm. “This is some storm, huh?”
His words were more of a statement than a question.
“You can say that again,” she said.
“You didn’t hear anything on the news today, did you?”
“Nope. Not a thing. I didn’t even know it could snow in October.”
Rob turned to look at her, his unkempt hair sticking out at odd angles. She’d told him he needed a haircut, but he’d insisted on letting it grow.
She often teased him about his appearance, but his non-conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place. Rob was a graphic designer, and his artistic nature extended from his trade to his appearance.
She walked over and put her hands on his shoulders.
“Did you get ahold of the power company?” he asked.
“No. The Internet is crawling. I’m going to use the phone book.”
“I think we have an old electric bill in the kitchen drawer. It should have the phone number on it.”
“OK. Thanks.”
She started to walk away and then hesitated.
“Did you see the Pierces and the Morgans pulling out? I think we should leave.”
“I saw them. They’re a bunch of wussies. We’ll be fine.”
Abby shook her head. Instead of being comforted, she was worried. The two of them were from Georgia, and this was their first winter in New England. She’d seen plenty of snowstorms, but all of them had been from the safe, warm confines of a Vermont ski lodge.
None of them had been like this.
Sensing her unease, her husband waved her back to the window.
“Come here, baby,” he said.
She walked over and bent down next to him, letting him pull her in for a kiss.
“We’ll be fine.”
“I’m worried, Rob. Every time I hear something snap I think a tree’s going to fall on top of us.”
“That’s what we have homeowner’s insurance for, right?”
“What if one of them comes through the roof and hits us? What if a branch falls on the car?”
“You need stop worrying so much,” he said. “Think of it as an adventure. It’ll be romantic. We’ll have the whole street to ourselves. We can cuddle in bed and get warm.”
She forced a smile. “Famous last words. They’ll find our frozen bodies stuck together in the spring when the snow thaws.”
“Would that be so bad? At least we’d be together.”
She squeezed him tight and then stood up again. Rob reached for her, but she avoided his hands.
“Where are you going?” he asked, feigning hurt feelings.
“I have to call the power company. No one else is going to do it.” She smiled into the darkness. “I’ll be right back.”
Abby stepped away from her husband’s crouched figure and headed into the kitchen. When she reached the counter next to the stove, she slid open the top drawer and sifted through the papers inside using the light of her cellphone. Checkbook. Mortgage statement. Stamp book. She finally found the latest electric bill on the bottom of the pile, and she pulled it out, searching for the number. She located it on the bottom of the statement.
“Got it,” she muttered to no one in particular.
She tapped a few buttons on her phone and started dialing. While she waited for the number to connect, she walked over to the sink and peered out onto the deck. The porch, which was normally gray in color, now shone a glossy white. She flicked on one of the nearby light switches, but the backyard remained dark.
After a few rings, the phone connected. She followed the automated prompts until she’d reached the reporting line.
“Please enter the phone number for the location in which you are reporting an outage.”
She punched in her home number.
“Is the property without power located at 5 Jameson Street in Plainfield?”
She confirmed that it was.
“The outage in your area has already been reported. At this time, there is no estimated time of restoration. Updates will be posted as soon as they are available.”
Abby held the phone away from her ear and stared at it in disbelief. After a few seconds, she hit the number again, listening to the message repeat.
“Well, that’s just great.”
A few hours ago, she hadn’t even been aware there was a storm. Now they were stuck without heat and power, with no way of knowing when it would return.
She held her hands to her face to capture the warmth from her cheeks. The house contained a fireplace, but they hadn’t gotten it cleaned yet. Even if they had, they didn’t have any firewood.
Welcome to New England, Abby.
“Honey?” she called, trying to keep her composure. “I have bad news.”
She sucked in a cold breath and stuffed the phone back into her pocket, then returned to the living room. Rob was still kneeling at the window, staring intently at the storm. She shared the news with him.
“We need to leave. I don’t want to stay here anymore. This house is just going to get colder and colder.”
Rob kept his nose pressed to the glass. Outside, a gust of wind spattered snow across the pane. After a few seconds, he sighed.
“You know what, Abs? I think you’re right.”



“Where should we go?” Rob asked.
“I don’t know. A motel? Anything would be better than this icebox.”
Rob continued to rifle through the cabinets. After a few more seconds, he held up the flashlight in triumph. There was a click, and then he illuminated Abby’s face in a bright white beam. She squinted through the glare.
“Really, Rob?”
“Sorry.” Rob laughed and lowered the flashlight. “Where do you think everyone else went?”
“Probably to stay with family.”
Her husband lowered his eyes. She could tell he was trying to avoid an argument. It’d been Rob’s idea to move to Connecticut. He’d been offered a job at a design firm, and they’d chosen to follow his career rather than stay in Georgia.
Although she’d agreed to move, it was times like this that made her wish they’d stayed close to relatives.
Rob pulled out a handful of candles and placed them on the counter next to the stove.
“What are those for?”
“Backup.”
“Backup for what?”
“In case the car won’t start.”
Abby’s face grew pale.
“Don’t even joke like that,” she said.
“I’m sorry, honey. I’m sure we’ll be fine. I’ll go fire up the car. Why don’t you start packing?”
Rob handed her the flashlight, then kissed her on the forehead.
“Relax. Everything will work out just fine.”
“You really think so?”
“It’s a winter storm, Abby. I’m sure we’ll get a lot more of them before the end of the season. We’ll survive. We’ll just have to be better prepared next time.”
Abby remained doubtful, but she followed her husband through the kitchen anyway. Cold or not, at least she was with the man she loved.
And that was all that counted, right?
She heaved a sigh, her socks sliding across the hardwood.
Till death do us part, Abby.
If they couldn’t get the car started, maybe death would come sooner than she thought.
Chapter Three

Abby laid two duffel bags on the bed. Using the flashlight, she trekked to the bureau and picked out several sets of thick winter clothing.
The cold air nipped at her hands and cheeks.
Thank God we don’t have any children.
If they did, her worries would have been amplified. But she did want them. Someday.
After packing her things, she made her way over to Rob’s bureau. It was difficult to prepare when they didn’t know how long they’d be gone. Would it be one day? Two?
She had no idea how long they’d have to wait for the power to return. In all likelihood, the electric company wouldn’t send out trucks until the storm had subsided, and who knew how long that’d be. She’d seen how slippery the roads were when the neighbors left. She doubted the plows were even out yet. She stowed a few of Rob’s clothing items and zipped up the bags.
They’d have to make do.
She hefted the luggage over her shoulder and made her way to the kitchen. In the pantry were several of her prescriptions—her Lexapro and her Xanax. She’d be a basket case without them. She needed to grab them.
While in the kitchen, she paused at the refrigerator. Should she grab food and water, as well? She wrestled with the decision, but thought better of it. With the power out, it’d be best to leave the refrigerator closed. She didn’t want the food to spoil.
There’d be plenty of amenities at the hotel.
She finished packing and returned to the living room. The bay window, formerly dim, now cast an eerie glow over the hardwood floor, as if the moon was piercing through the clouds. Through the pane, she could make out Rob clearing off the vehicle.
The fear she’d felt before suddenly returned, slithering inside her like an animal burrowing for winter. Her heart began to race, and she scurried down the hallway and headed for the closet.
Get your coat and get out of here.
The thought filled her with urgency, and she rifled through the closet, shining the light of the flashlight over an assortment of jackets and coats. Why was she so afraid? The cold and the storm were enough to make anyone feel uneasy, but Abby felt something deeper than that. Ever since waking up, the world had seemed foreign and out of control, and she was hard-pressed to find comfort in anything.
It must be the new house.
They’d only lived here for two months. She’d done her best to settle into her new life, but things were still unfamiliar, and she was still getting adjusted. It didn’t help that she had yet to find a job.
Back in Georgia, she’d been an account executive for a newspaper, but the job market in Connecticut had been tougher than she’d anticipated. She was discouraged, but hopeful that she’d find something soon.
She selected a coat and shut the closet door.
Inside the pockets were a hat and gloves. She retrieved them and put them on. Once she was all suited up, she padded back toward the living room. The duffel bags were still sitting in the middle of the floor—two lumpy shapes resting on the hardwood.
She’d just picked them up when she heard a yelp from outside. Her heart thundered in her chest, and she lost her grip on the flashlight. It clattered to the floor and rolled.
She raced to the window.
Her husband was flat on his back in the snow, next to the car. Frantic, she rapped on the glass.
“Rob! Are you all right?”
Her voice echoed through the empty house, bouncing off walls and corners.
Rob moved. He raised a gloved hand and waved at her, then dusted off his snow-covered jacket. He got to his feet and smiled.
“I’m OK!” he yelled into the night. “I just slipped!”
His voice rang through the seemingly deserted neighborhood, echoing off the walls of the adjacent properties.
She glanced instinctively around the street, waiting for a light to flick on from a nearby window, but the houses remained dark.
She watched Rob struggle to his feet, one hand on his winter hat, the other on his ice scraper.
Although he’d cleaned off almost the entire vehicle, the snow had already deposited a fresh layer over the windows.
Get out now or you never will, Abby’s mind whispered.
With that thought, she collected her bags and headed down the stairs.



Abby held her gloved hands to the heating vents, soaking in the warmth of the car’s engine. Although the Civic wasn’t the best in the snow, the heat was incredible. Rob leaned in through the open driver’s side door.
“Wait here. I’ll go shovel behind us,” he said. “Then we can get the hell out of here.”
Abby nodded, watching her husband shut the door. She stared out the windows, but they were still fogged. She reached over and wiped the inside of the windshield with her glove. Then she hit the wipers. The blades slid back and forth, clearing her view of the driveway and the house.
She peered at the raised ranch. The house sported gray vinyl siding with blue shutters; the roof was new. They’d gotten a good deal on the property, but she knew they’d made some concessions.
It was times like this she wished they had a garage.
That would’ve made things easier, she thought.
She watched as her husband trekked to the back of the house for a shovel. The backyard was surrounded by chain-link fence, and he struggled to push open the gate, fighting against the weight of the snow. When he’d gotten through, he headed for the shed. The windows around her had started to defrost.
Her gaze wandered to the neighboring houses. Now that she was outside, the street seemed less menacing than it had before. The windows of the adjacent properties were still dark and empty, but the light of the snow and the sky illuminated the buildings, making them seem almost majestic.
She glanced at the Hamiltons’ next door, but saw no sign of activity. The house at the end of the cul-de-sac was equally deserted, though she saw the new neighbor’s yellow Jeep in the driveway.
Abby blew out a breath and rotated her fingers in front of the heating vents.
Like hot dogs on an open fire, she thought, letting out a chuckle. It was a comparison Rob had made once, and she’d always remembered it.
It was easier to feel better when she was warm, when the weight of the cold and the fear of loneliness were nothing but a memory. Abby couldn’t imagine a life without simple amenities. It was times like these that made her appreciate what she had.
When the power came back on, she’d kiss the radiators.
Well, maybe I won’t go that far.
She laughed to herself.
She glanced back at the Pierces’ and the Morgans’. She wondered if they’d already reached their destinations. She guessed that they had. Right now, they were probably asleep, enjoying the warmth of a friend or family member’s couch. She couldn’t blame them. This storm is for the birds.
Movement distracted her. When she looked up, she found Rob approaching with a shovel. He gave her a healthy grin, snow glancing off the hood of his coat. She smiled and waved, grateful she didn’t have to exit the vehicle.
Although Rob could be stubborn, he was always a gentleman.
A few seconds later she heard the scrape of the shovel against the pavement, and she reclined in her seat, soaking in the heater’s warmth. She was tired. Exhausted. She’d been up for almost an hour, and by the looks of it, she’d be up for several more. At least neither of them had to work in the morning. Rob had weekends off.
With her eyes closed and the heat blasting, Abby dozed. She envisioned herself at the beach, clad only in a swimsuit, her toes in the sand.
Maybe we’ll go on a cruise this year, she thought. She quickly dismissed the idea. Yeah right, we’d need money for that.
She opened her eyes just as the door opened.
“Ready to go?” Rob asked.
Abby grinned.
“Yep. Let’s blow this joint.”
Chapter Four

The driveway was short and flat. Within seconds the Civic had rolled out into the road, the tires humming on compacted snow. Rob had shoveled a few feet behind the vehicle, allowing them to get out. After exiting the driveway, Rob switched the car into drive.
“Ready for that warm hotel?” he asked.
“You bet.”
Her husband gave her a smile, and Abby felt a tinge of excitement in her stomach. It was a feeling she hadn’t had in years; the feeling that she was about to embark on an uncertain journey, but one that would bring them closer together. Despite the odds, they’d make it to the hotel. They’d rise up against the storm, battle the elements, and live to tell about it.
It’d be a good story for their kids one day.
Abby laughed inside. She buckled her seatbelt and waited for the Civic to propel them out of the snow-covered neighborhood and to safety.
Only it didn’t.
Instead, the vehicle glided forward a few inches and then stopped, stuck in what must be six inches of snow. Rob revved the engine, but the tires were lodged in place.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” he said.
Abby glanced out the window, her hopes dashed. Seconds earlier, she’d been enjoying the warm heat, confident they’d escape the neighborhood that had become their prison.
Now they were trapped just ten feet from the driveway.
It was as if nature had carefully orchestrated this scenario, watching it play out with prescient glee. Abby looked back at the house, half-expecting to see a face laughing at them from the shadows, but the panes were dark.
Rob switched the vehicle into reverse, a look of determination on his face. The vehicle inched backward and stopped. He threw it back into drive and stomped the accelerator again. The vehicle flew forward, running up the snow like a ramp, then slid hopelessly back into the grooves.
They were completely stuck.
“What are we going to do?” Abby asked.
Rob sighed. “Take the wheel. I’ll push.”
She looked over at her husband, then back at the snow outside.
“I don’t know, Rob. What if we get out of the neighborhood and then we get stuck again?”
She studied at the road in front of them. The street perpendicular to theirs—the one they’d have to take to town—was heavily wooded; the closest neighborhood was almost a mile away.
“We won’t, honey. We’ll get out of here. No matter what.”
Abby could see the look of resolve in her husband’s eyes. According to the Civic’s dashboard, the temperature was eighteen degrees. Was she imagining it, or was it getting colder? Even with the heat blaring, she could feel the chill creeping in through the heating vents. She contemplated arguing with her husband, but decided to hold her tongue.
“Make sure you wear your gloves, honey,” she instructed. “I wouldn’t want you to get frostbite.”
She tried to remain positive, but in reality, Abby was more worried than she let on. If they couldn’t get out of here—to someplace warm—they might be in real danger.
She pushed open the door, ready to walk around and take the driver’s seat. She’d just jumped out when an arctic blast blew from outside. Abby battled with the door, fighting to keep it open. Dammit. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been this cold.
Once the wind died down, she stepped outside and made her way around to the driver’s seat. The snow was well past her ankles; her boots felt like concrete. If she couldn’t walk comfortably, how could they drive? She listened for the sounds of a plow but heard nothing.
Didn’t the state have a budget for these things? Where the hell were the trucks?
She heaved a sigh and took Rob’s former position in the driver’s chair. Her husband walked to the rear of the vehicle, his breath visible in the night air. She left the door open a crack and waited for his instructions.
“When I say ‘Go,’ hit the gas,” he yelled.
“OK.”
She heard the slap of his hands on the trunk, and a moment later, he gave the signal. Abby hit the accelerator, doing a silent prayer that the car would move, that they’d escape the trench they’d found themselves in. At the same time, she knew it wouldn’t do any good.
They were hopelessly rooted in place.
Even if they made it to the end of the street, they were bound to get stuck on one of the secondary roads. She was pretty sure the streets were impassable. She hadn’t heard any cars since her neighbors had left.
And yet both the Pierces and the Morgans were safely away. Why didn’t we leave sooner?
She glanced back at her husband in the ice and snow, watching him grunt and groan, and felt a tinge of resentment. She’d suggested they leave from the beginning. If only Rob had listened…
Cut it out, Abby. It’s not his fault.
She tried to convert her frustration into blame, but only managed a sigh.
Rob hadn’t caused the snowstorm. She knew that. The truth was, if they’d left earlier, they might’ve gotten stuck just the same. Both the Pierces and the Morgans had SUVs, and both vehicles were better equipped for the snow than the couple’s Civic.
The whole situation was just bad luck.
Bad luck and bad weather.
The tires continued to spin. She peered back at her husband, hit with a wave of guilt. He brushed off the snow on his hat.
“The car’s not moving,” Rob said, his mouth trembling with the cold.
“I know. It’s OK.”
Abby gave him a sympathetic glance. Beads of ice clung to the lining of his hood, and his face was flushed.
“What are we gonna do, Abs?”
“Maybe we can try shoveling around the tires?”
Rob paused for a moment, scanning the snow-covered road. She could tell he was thinking, but the situation was grim, at best.
“Do we have any sand?” he asked.
“Nope. It’s still so early in the season… I know we talked about getting some…”
“Dammit. We should’ve gone to the hardware store…”
Rob’s voice trailed off. He brushed his beard with the back of his glove and stared at the sky. In their four years together, she’d rarely seen him defeated.
“I’m sorry, Abs,” he said. “I wanted to get us out of here.”
“Listen, honey, it’s OK. We’ll be fine. We’ll go back inside and bundle up until the power comes back on. I have a spare comforter in the attic.”
He nodded, looking less than convinced.
“At least we got stuck here and not somewhere down the street. Can you imagine that? Can you picture walking home in this?”
As if on cue, the wind kicked up a stream of snow, knocking a layer of powder from the houses and power lines. Rob covered his face with his hands.
“Let’s get inside before we freeze to death,” she yelled.
“What about the car?” he asked.
“Leave it for now. If anyone else is home, they won’t be getting out anyway. In any case, it doesn’t look like the plows will be coming for a while.”
Abby reached back inside the car, pulled the key from the ignition, and cut the engine. Rob came up alongside her, offering his arm. She was about to shut the door when something in the road caught her attention.
Abby froze.
“Rob!” she hissed.
She motioned in front of them.
Standing at the end of the street, motionless, was a man covered in ice and snow.



Rob followed Abby’s gaze. “Who the hell’s that?”
Abby’s heart beat like a trip-hammer. The man stared at them. His arms hung at his sides, and his thick winter coat was covered in a layer of white. If Abby hadn’t known better, she would’ve mistaken him for a statue, a figure sculpted in snow.
“I don’t know,” Abby whispered.
“Is that our new neighbor?”
“I’m not sure. I’ve only seen him a few times.”
Abby remembered the large, cream-colored moving truck that had accompanied the man’s arrival, but she’d barely seen the man himself. She’d been meaning to walk down and introduce herself, but she’d been too busy lately. With the holidays coming, her search for work…
“What do you think he wants?” Rob asked.
“Maybe he wants to check if we have power.”
“Why? Isn’t that obvious by now?”
“All the other cars are gone. We’re the only ones home, except for the Hamiltons.”
“I thought they left already, too.”
“If they did, I didn’t see them.”
Abby gave the man a hesitant wave, but he didn’t return the gesture. She felt a cold pit in her stomach, but this time it had nothing to do with the temperature.
“Should I go talk to him?” Rob asked.
“I don’t know. He’s acting weird.”
“Maybe he has frostbite.”
“I don’t know, Rob. He’s staring right at us. Why won’t he wave?”
“I’m not sure.”
Rob wrung his hands together, his cheeks red from the cold. His face transformed from an expression of defeat to concern.
“Hello!” he called out to the man.
In the distance, the man just stared, his face indiscernible beneath the hood of his coat. Rob shrugged.
“Maybe he’s just as cold as we are.”
“We should go inside, Rob.”
“I’ll tell you what. Why don’t you go inside and dig out that comforter. I’ll go talk to him.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“He’s in the same predicament as us. Maybe he has some information about the power.”
Abby clung to her husband’s arm, hoping to dissuade him, but she could tell by the look in his eye that he’d made up his mind. Though he might’ve failed at getting the car unstuck, he was insistent on doing this. She swallowed, the lump in her throat as cold as ice.
“I’m not leaving you out here, Rob. I’ll wait.”
“Abs…” Rob sighed. “At least stay in the car where it’s warm.”
“OK,” she conceded.
She ducked back into the vehicle, the cold fabric of her coat creasing against her skin. Once in the driver’s seat, she shut the door, but she didn’t bother restarting the engine.
She watched her husband through the front windshield. He was already ten feet from the car, plodding his way to the end of the road. The neighbor remained in place, like a specter that had escaped from her dreams.
Why isn’t he moving?
The fact that he’d made no effort to greet them was disconcerting. Either the man was sick or cold, or just plain weird. In any case, she didn’t feel right letting her husband walk over to him. As she watched Rob trudge farther from the car, she wished she’d made a better effort to stop him.
Everything will be fine.
She tried to convince herself of that fact, even though her hands were shaking. Without thinking, she reached over and locked the doors. Her mother and father always said she was her own worst enemy, letting situations fester until they became worse than they were.
Now she could see what they meant.
She was letting her imagination get the best of her. Again.
Reel it in, Abby, her father used to say.
With the car turned off, condensation had crept over the windows once again, and she wiped at the glass with a gloved hand. It looked like her husband had reached the man. Rob was waving his hands around, expressing his frustration at being stuck. She saw him pointing to the car.
See, they’re talking. Everything’s fine. I should probably go out and join them.
She moved her hand to the door handle, but couldn’t convince herself to open it. Within seconds, the front windshield was completely fogged and covered. She sighed.
She’d wait for her husband to get back, and when he returned, they’d go back to the house together.
With the heat off, the car had cooled considerably, and she found herself rubbing her gloved hands together to keep warm. She patted the car keys in her pocket. Come on, Rob. If her husband didn’t hurry, she’d start the car again.
Several minutes passed.
Abby closed her eyes and reopened them. Regardless of the temperature, she felt herself falling asleep. She’d only slept a few hours, and she was exhausted. It’d be good to slip back under the covers, that was for sure.
Her husband would keep her warm.
Abby’s anxiety began to dissipate, and in its place was the sense of adventure. Who needed a hotel, anyway? They’d have just as much fun at home.
They’d make this work. Even if they had to use every blanket in the house to keep warm, they’d manage. As long as they kept their spirits up, they’d get through the storm, with or without power.
She smiled at the thought.
It’d been several minutes, and she was getting cold again. Rob still wasn’t back.
She reached into her sweatpants for the car keys, intent on starting the engine. She’d just closed her fist around them when something crashed against the windshield.
The glass spider-webbed under the weight of a body, and a figure slid down the pane.
Abby screamed.
Chapter Five

Abby watched the person slide down the window, then heard the sound of a body hitting the snow.
“Rob?” she whimpered.
Rivulets of blood and snow trickled down the glass, obscuring her view. Oh my God. She opened her mouth to scream again, but panic stifled the sound.
Rob! OhmyGodOhmyGod…
She reached for the door handle and then stopped. She couldn’t go out there. The neighbor was probably waiting for her. The man knew she was in the car.
She’d known he was dangerous; she’d known something wasn’t right.
She slid down in her seat, doing her best to hide. The body had cleared some of the snow off the windshield, and she had a partial view of the road through the cracked glass. Her heart thumped.
There was no one else in the road.
She sat frozen in the seat for several seconds, afraid to speak, afraid to move. She tried to convince herself that nothing she’d seen was real, that the body was a figment of her imagination. Soon she’d wake up in the driver’s seat of the car, cursing herself for falling asleep.
There was no way this could be happening.
Not to her. Not to Rob.
The wind raged, kicking up a cloud of snow and obscuring her view. She squinted to see through it, envisioning her husband’s body on the street. He was injured.
She needed to get out and help him.
Abby swiveled around the car, searching for anything she could use as a weapon. The car was barren. The only things in sight were a pile of soda cans and some paperwork. She reached under the seats, hoping to find something—anything—but her hands came up empty.
She patted her pockets until she came across something solid. Her cellphone. That was it. She’d call the police and get help.
Hurry! Dial!
Her mind raced as she pulled it out, tore off her gloves, and swiped the screen. She pulled up the keypad, fingers shaking, and tapped out the numbers 9-1-1. She hit the connect button and waited. Nothing happened.
Was the battery dead?
Frantic, she stared at the screen, trying to determine what was wrong. The phone blinked at her, as if the device were confused. It took Abby a second to process what was happening. The battery was fine.
The service was out.
Just an hour earlier she’d had several bars, but now there were none. Whether it was related to the storm or not, she wasn’t sure, but the phone couldn’t help her right now. There was no sign of her husband.
Was he lying in the snow, bleeding to death? Would he die without her?
Abby wasn’t trained in any medical procedures. She’d seen CPR done on TV, but that was it. Still, she had to do something.
She had to help him.
Where was the man who did this?
Snow had blanketed the windows again, obscuring her surroundings. Her neighbor could be anywhere. Waiting. Although it was possible the man had left her husband for dead, there was a chance he was still in the area. He’d seen Abby. He’d seen them both. He knew she was in here, for God’s sake.
I even waved to him.
The thought chilled her bones. She thought of the way the man had stared at her, the way he’d refused to return her gesture. She’d known something was off about him. She shouldn’t have sent Rob out there alone.
Oh God, what have I done?
But it was too late.
She threw on her gloves and reached for the door handle.
Hurry! Rob’s bleeding and he’s dying and he’s on the ground. You need to get to him before that man does.
Resisting every instinct in her body, she hit the unlock button. The doors clicked. For a brief, terror-filled second, she was certain the man who had attacked her husband would fling open the doors and pull her from inside, but no one did.
The man’s gone. He’s probably running right now, thinking I’ve called the police.
She tried to convince herself of the idea as she pushed open the door. The hinges creaked as the door swung open. The snow whipped all around her.
Abby threw herself into the storm. The chill bit into her bones, finding its way through the crevices of her jacket. She scanned the street, but saw nothing. Rob wasn’t in front of the car. That meant he’d fallen on the passenger side.
She took a tentative step. Then another. The wind heaved, and she held up her hands to shield her eyes.
“Rob?” she called out, her voice cracking.
She glanced around frantically, but there was no one else in sight. She trudged forward, making slow progress against the wind. She cleared the tire. Then the front quarter panel. Then the hood. A few more steps and she’d see the passenger side of the vehicle.
Keep going.
A puff of snow blew from the roof of the car, temporarily blinding her. She battled the whipping white flakes with her sleeves. When her vision finally cleared, she crept to the front of the car, then leaned forward past the hood.
Rob’s body was gone.
All that remained was a puddle of his blood in the snow.



Abby spun in a circle, hoping to discern her husband’s whereabouts. She saw several tracks in the snow, but most of them were caved and filled in, and it was impossible to tell which direction they were going. Some were going up the Pierces’ driveway; some were going up the street. To make matters worse, there were also the tracks they’d made around the vehicle. The snow was coming down harder than ever, obscuring her vision. It was as if the storm had taken her husband and was intent on covering its tracks behind it.
But Rob had landed here. She knew it. She wasn’t crazy.
The proof was in the snow—bright splashes of blood that colored the white powder red. She looked back at the windshield and traced the cracked pane with her eyes. Rob was out here, and he needed help.
She needed to call the police. She needed to get to the landline.
Abby ran for the house. Her throat felt tight, as if someone was restricting her windpipe, and she struggled to breathe. Though she was terrified, she knew she needed to focus. In order to help Rob—to save him—she’d need to pull it together. Every second he was missing could mean the difference between life and death. The neighbor was out there somewhere, and so was her husband.
Rob’s probably dead right now.
Stop it. Don’t think that way.
The snow slid into her boots, creeping around her socks and skin, and the wind whipped at her cheeks. She ran faster, certain that hands would appear and grab her, but she continued unimpeded.
She was almost at the front door when she heard a muffled cry from behind her. Abby spun, her eyes darting to the Pierces’ driveway. The sound was coming from their backyard.
“Rob!” she screamed.
No answer.
She turned back to her house. She needed to call the police. But what if Rob died before they arrived? What if she could help her husband now?
Dammit…what do I do…?
The cry rang out again, fainter this time. Swallowing her fear, she changed direction and raced for the Pierces’ property. She wasn’t sure what she could do, but she had to do something. She couldn’t let her husband die. Her heart beat in a frantic rhythm. She tried calling for Rob again, but her voice was weak and winded, and she could barely produce a sound.
She charged up the Pierces’ driveway.
She could see more evidence of Rob’s whereabouts now—intermittent splotches of his blood in the snow heading toward the backyard. In her panic, she must’ve missed them. There were footprints, as well, but it was impossible to tell whose or how many.
She followed the tracks, her boots twisting sideways on the snow-covered ground, surveying the area with frantic eyes. Soon she’d reached the edge of the house. Still no Rob. If she didn’t find him soon, she’d head back to her house and call the police. But she had to check. She had to see where the noise had originated.
She couldn’t leave him out here to die.
The backyard slowly revealed itself to her. As she reached the end of the driveway, she saw the tree line, the Pierces’ snow-covered shed, and then the deck.
Then she saw the body in the middle of the yard.
Rob’s clothing was gone—torn off and missing. His chest cavity was open and exposed, his ribs jutting out from the center. His face was caved in. Destroyed. She couldn’t even make out where his beard ended and his neck began…
My husband…
She clasped her hand over her mouth, her eyes roaming to the thing above him.
Something was crouched over him, feasting on his remains.



PART TWO – THE CHASE
Chapter Six

Abby didn’t even realize she was running until she was halfway across the snow-covered street. The snow hit her face like pellets, cutting into her cold skin, and her eyes watered from the sting.
Something was behind her, and whatever it was wasn’t human.
She’d barely gotten a glimpse of it before her legs had started moving. And yet the sight of it was already imprinted on her brain.
The animal—thing—was the size of a man, but its body was covered in coarse dark hair. When it’d caught sight of her, it’d sniffed the air, eyes blazing, then loped toward her on two legs.
That’s when she’d run.
And now she could feel it behind her as she closed the gap between her and the front door. She kept her eyes glued to the doorway, as if the blue-painted door were a portal to safety. She could hear the thing snorting behind her, breathing through a nose too long to be human, and her heart felt like it was going to burst.
What the fuck was it? What the hell was going on?
There was no time to sort through her feelings, no time to reconcile what she’d seen. Whatever it was, something was behind her, and she knew that stopping would mean death. The thing was ready to tear into her, to rend her limb from limb, just like it’d done to Rob minutes earlier.
Rob is dead oh my God…
She dashed up the single stair leading to the front door, her boots sliding on a conglomeration of ice and snow, and crashed against the frame. The key. She needed the key. Her hands fumbled in the pocket of her sweatpants, where she’d stashed her keychain.
Something snarled behind her. Hurry! Dammit! Hurry!
She had no idea why it hadn’t reached her yet, but she knew better than to look. A second’s delay would mean the end. Suddenly the key was in her hand and she was sliding it into the cold metal lock, her gloved hands barely able to coordinate with each other. She bashed her thumb against the knob and pushed. The door gave way, and Abby tumbled inside. She spun, and as she slammed the door shut, she caught one last glimpse of the thing behind her.
Eyes red. Snout pointed skyward. Waiting for her.
She engaged the lock and sank to her knees against the door. Sobs burst from her mouth like water from a broken dam. She pressed her hands against her face, unable to hold back the sound. Her husband was outside. Dead. And she was next.
Even though Abby had gotten inside, the thin door had only bought her a measure of time. She had no doubts that the thing would be coming for her. She needed to pull herself together. She needed to call for help.
She wiped the tears from her cheeks, her eyes still bleary. The house was dark and cold. She pulled herself to her feet. Her coat rustled against the single windowpane in the front door, and she jumped at the sound. Was the thing still out there? She swallowed the lump in her throat, wanting nothing more than to climb the stairs in front of her.
But she had to look. She had to.
Abby could feel the blood pulsing through her neck. She turned, propping her gloved hands against the door. Her fingers felt numb and detached, and so did her brain. She peered through the pane and held her breath.
The yard was empty. She could still see the Civic in the road. The hood and roof were spackled white, the windows misted. Rob’s blood still stained the snow.
Bile crept up Abby’s esophagus. It was her fault. She’d done this. She’d let her husband go off alone.
She sank to her knees, fighting off alternating waves of guilt and sickness. Her legs felt like rubber, and she couldn’t fathom moving.
But she had to.
Or she’d be next.
She needed to call for help. The landline.
Abby turned and mounted the stairs, her legs unsteady. When she reached the kitchen, she snatched the receiver from the wall and jabbed the power button. But there was no dial tone. She mashed all the buttons, plugged and unplugged the cord. It was no use. The line was dead. Probably disabled by the storm.
No. Dammit. No.
Frantic, she patted the pocket of her sweatpants, searching for her cellphone, but it wasn’t there. It must have fallen out. Probably while I was running. Rob would’ve had his cellphone on him.
It was as if every option available to her had been eliminated. The only way to get help was to go back out there, where the thing was waiting for her.
She crept over to the living room window, heart knocking.
Through the windowpane, she could see the snow still bursting from the sky, as if intent on burying her inside. She had the sudden vision of the house encased in snow with the windows pasted shut, and she swallowed.
She scanned the front of the house for the creature’s tracks—some evidence that it had been there—but couldn’t discern much through the storm. Rob’s blood already held a thin coating of snow. If it weren’t for the pink splotches, she might be able to convince herself that all of this was a nightmare, a hallucination. She’d give anything for this all to go away, for her to wake up and discover it’d been a dream.
But she knew it wasn’t.
She scrambled across the room and back to the kitchen, her mind racing. As she did so, she felt the sudden urge to keep quiet. Even though the thing knew she was inside, she had the sudden, irrational sense that she could escape detection. If she stayed silent, it would go away. Right?
She crept along the counter.
Something flashed by the kitchen window, and she ducked next to the sink. She squinted into the backyard. The deck and property were exactly as she remembered them—covered in snow. No sign of the creature.
But it was out there. Probably circling the house.
She slid open one of the kitchen drawers.
No matter what happened next, she needed a weapon. A way to defend herself.
Her hands shook as she dug through the utensils: a whisk, a wooden spoon, and the beaters for a mixer. Finally she located a large kitchen knife, and she pulled it out and wielded it in front of her. The pale light of the windows glinted off the blade, and she fought the sick feeling in her gut. Abby had never killed anything before.
She was a goddamn vegetarian, for Christ’s sake.
But the thing outside wasn’t. Whatever it was, she knew that much. It’d already devoured Rob, and she was next. Her body shimmered with fear. Just minutes ago, she’d been in the house with her husband, making plans to go to the hotel. They were going to get warm and get some sleep, and they were going to forget all about this snowstorm.
How could this have happened so fast? How could the world have spiraled out of control in just a few hours?
She closed the kitchen drawer. She was about to peer out the window again when a crash emanated from downstairs.
Abby went stock-still. Her hands shook on the knife. She heard the sprinkle of glass on cement, then the sound of feet hitting the floor.
Ohmygod…
It’s in here. It’s coming for me.
She lunged for the back door, but quickly stopped herself. The creature had entered through one of the back windows; if she went out that way, she’d be in close proximity to it. Instead, she padded into the living room, scanning for places to hide. Her mind flitted from one room to the next, picturing the places she could go: the closet, the bathroom, the attic…
Where should I go?
Downstairs, a piece of furniture clattered against the wall. Her heart leapt like a springboard. She couldn’t stay here. It wasn’t safe. She needed to get out of the house.
Her cellphone was somewhere outside.
Go, Abby, go.
She crossed back into the living room, grabbing one last peek out the front window. The scene was unchanged.
She leapt down the stairs, balancing the need to be quiet with the need to move. When she reached the landing, she twisted the door lock. She could hear the beast breathing downstairs below her, moving through the basement. The path to the Pierces’ backyard was straight—about a few hundred feet or so. If she could avoid being seen, she could reach her cellphone in under a minute. All she had to do was find it.
Heart crashing against her ribcage, she snapped open the lock and flung open the door. Cold air rushed in to greet her. She clutched the knife, then ran out into it.
Chapter Seven

Abby ran until her breath heaved, her lungs burned, and her legs were sore. The snow crunched beneath her boots. Even though she’d traveled the yard just minutes ago, it seemed to stretch on forever, as if she were trekking across some great plain, passing from one existence to the next.
That was the way she’d felt all night. Nothing seemed real, and yet she was horribly certain that it was.
The neighborhood was silent and calm, but she could hear the sounds of the creature behind her, making its way through the basement. She hadn’t shut the door. Hadn’t had time. Her eyes flew across the neighborhood, praying someone else would appear, but the landscape was desolate and white. It was as if the entire world was gone and buried, and Abby was the last person alive.
For all she knew, she might be.
The Morgans and the Pierces were gone. She knew that much. There was no sign of the Hamiltons. The only other person she’d seen was the man at the end of the road, and she assumed he was dead or eaten.
Unless he was the creature behind her.
It seemed impossible. But given the world she’d been thrust into, she had no choice but to consider it. But not right now.
She had to focus on getting to that cellphone. Even if she had no service, she might be able to find bars somewhere.
Her eyes flew back to the Pierces’ driveway.
She bounded forward, her boots grappling with the snow beneath her, and scanned the ground for her phone as she ran. There was no sign of it. She kept her head down as she passed the Civic, immersed in her mission, terrified to look behind her. Below her were the tracks she’d made on the way in, as well as tracks from the beast—she could see them now, and the prints were larger than those of any animal she’d seen. Both sets of prints were coated with a fresh layer of snow.
Soon she’d reached the backyard. She rounded the house, following her path, and came upon pieces of Rob. She immediately gagged.
Abby fell to her knees and retched into the snow. She continued until her stomach was empty and her throat burned. When she was finished, she wiped her face with her glove.
OhGodOhGod….
A crash sprang from somewhere behind her. She scrounged through the snow, making arm-shaped impressions across the pavement, searching frantically for her phone.
The snow parted with ease.
The same way Rob’s body parted for the creature.
But she couldn’t think about that. Not now.
She kept her focus on the ground, ignoring the grisly scene in front of her. If she didn’t find help, Abby was as good as dead.
All at once, the noises behind her stopped.
She shot a harried glance back down the driveway. The area was vacant. No sign of the creature. Where the hell was it? Was it fucking with her? The moment she let her guard down, it’d be on her. She could feel it.
She had to keep moving.
If she couldn’t call for help, she’d run to find it. She’d try the Hamiltons’ house, the other neighbor’s. Somewhere. Anywhere.
She was about to flee when her hands came across something solid. She dug the frozen carcass of her phone from the snow, then held it up and swiped at the screen. Her gloves were in the way.
Frantic, she ripped them off, dropped the knife in the snow. Her fingers flew over the screen, but the device wouldn’t register. The screen stayed dark and cold. The cellphone had either frozen or gotten wet. In any case, it was dead.
The Hamiltons. She’d get to the Hamiltons. There was still a chance they might be home. She hadn’t seen them leave. Maybe they’d heard the commotion and remained inside. Maybe they’d called the cops.
She retrieved the knife and got to her feet, then started to run. Despite the cold, she was sweating, and her skin felt clammy and hot underneath her coat. When she got back to the road, she stared at the open door of her house, certain something would come barreling out after her, but nothing did.
Where the hell was the thing? It must be biding its time. Tracking her. Stalking her like an animal in the wild.
But what the hell could it be? It’d been on two legs, for God’s sake. What the hell was it?
Abby fought for breath, refusing to slow her pace.
Her body was torqued on adrenaline, fueled by fear and shock, and she flew through the snow with speed she didn’t know she had. The Hamiltons’ property was lined with tall, wiry hedges, and their house was set back from the road. The driveway was fifty feet farther down the street. She forged through the brambles until she reached the yard. The garage door was closed. No way to tell if a car was inside.
She prayed that they were home. Maybe they were hunkered by the window, watching her approach. She pictured the tall, sinewy frame of Leon Hamilton, perhaps with a cellphone in his hand, and felt a surge of hope. Both Leon and his wife Adeline were retired. She’d had only a handful of conversations with them, but they seemed like nice people.
No matter what the hour, they wouldn’t turn her away.
The front door was shut and the windows were dark. If there was anyone behind the glass, they remained hidden. She reached the doorstep without incident and mashed the doorbell. The chime rang through the house—a dissonant tone, as if the batteries needed replacing. There was no answer from within. A few seconds later, she resorted to her fists.
The sound of her knocking filled the air, bouncing off the neighboring houses. She pressed her ear against the door, hoping to hear voices, but the building was silent.
Come on…
A sob crept into her throat. She jiggled the doorknob, hoping to find it unlocked, but the lock was snug.
Dammit, dammit, dammit…
Her attention flew to the house at the end of the cul-de-sac. The yellow Jeep sat in the driveway. Could she take it? Could she find the keys? She fled the Hamiltons’ doorstep and headed toward it. The snow was well past her ankles, like superglue trying to hold her back.
A minute later she was in the street. The new neighbor’s house was still several hundred yards away. She continued on, the ice and snow wriggling their way into her boots.
What had Rob’s last moments been like? Had he already been dead when he hit the windshield? Had he felt himself being torn apart?
Stop. Don’t think about it. Don’t think about—
A tree branch plummeted to the ground in front of her, and Abby cried out. She veered around the fallen limb as she progressed from road to driveway. A few more branches cracked from somewhere above her.
If the creature didn’t get her, the storm would.
She was almost at the Jeep. Maybe it was open. Maybe the man had left the keys inside.
Maybe, maybe, maybe…
She prayed for a miracle.
Soon she’d reached the vehicle, and she searched for the door handle, casting aside snow to find it. The door was locked. She tugged several times, but to no avail. She tried each of the other doors in turn, but encountered the same result. The Jeep was secure. No way inside.
She backed up a step, her heart racing so fast that she could barely think. The house. Try the house. She looked up at the silent building, expecting to find a light on, but the structure was dark. She made her way past the Jeep and toward it.
She’d only gotten a few feet when she stopped.
Something was gliding through the trees on the left side of the property. She saw a black object against a white backdrop, then caught a glimpse of eyes and teeth.
The thing had found her.
Abby turned on her heel and ran.
Chapter Eight

The beast watched her through the trees. It could smell her scent from several hundred yards away—the odor of fear and sweat, cutting through the air like the sharp edge of the knife she was holding. It didn’t care about knives. There were a lot of things it didn’t care about.
It didn’t have to. It could heal from most of them.
Ever since the start of the storm, the neighborhood had become the beast’s playground, its hunting quarters, and it would do whatever it pleased. The snow was little more than a prop in its game, a backdrop for the kill. It had waited for this moment for what seemed like forever, and now that it was here, the beast could barely contain itself.
But it would. For the moment.
The beast was getting better at controlling its rage. It had lived with it for so long that it’d been forced to. The man inside had learned to keep the beast’s secret, knowing that exposing itself would lead to persecution.
But soon all restraint would come to an end.
The beast waded through the snow, the steam of its breath moistening its teeth. It could still taste bits of flesh on its tongue, remnants of the man it had killed. It would go back for the rest of him when it was finished with the girl. But right now the girl was more important. It had plans for her.
It watched her stagger through the trees, retreating the way she had come. The beast kept its distance, letting her get ahead. Letting her think she was safe.
Pellets of snow pummeled its fur, but the beast kept moving. Its tail sliced the air behind it. All around the forest, it could hear the padding of paws, the sound of creatures burrowing into holes. The beast was the largest and the strongest, and they all knew it.
None of them would contest its presence.
The world has opened itself up to the beast, and it planned to take full advantage.
The storm had come at last.
It bared its teeth, letting the hunger build.
Chapter Nine

Abby wasn’t positive if the creature had seen her. Wasn’t sure if she’d been spotted. But she knew she had to get away. Even if she had to run forever, she’d keep going until she found help.
Between the new neighbor’s house and the Hamiltons’ was a wall of trees and brush. She dove through it, grateful for the cover. The thing would find her easily on the road. Her best bet was to stay hidden.
She hadn’t even heard it slipping through the trees. The thing looked like it was built for the elements, built for the hunt, and the sight of it made her legs feel like liquid.
For all she knew, it was right behind her now, though she didn’t dare look. She tried to control her emotions, but she could hear a whimper in her throat, the sound of everything she’d seen threatening to erupt.
Stay quiet. Don’t let it hear you.
Her boots scuffed the snow, and she did her best to dampen the sound. She wove through the thickets and brush, knocking the snow off thin branches.
A hundred yards ahead was the side of the Hamiltons’ house. She fought her way back to it. After several minutes of snagging on wiry brambles, she broke free of the underbrush and dashed out into the open backyard. The property consisted of a small yard. Beyond it was a shed and the forest.
Movement sounded from somewhere behind her. She heard the crunch of a footstep, the hiss of something inhuman. It was getting closer. She glanced over her shoulder, but saw nothing. The snow continued to fall, sticking to her eyelashes and obscuring her vision.
She glanced at the rear wall of the house, discerning a wall of windows and a set of sliding glass doors.
The thing would overtake her before she could get in the woods.
She needed to get in the house.
She flew past the windows until she got to the sliders. The double doors were sealed, frosted over from the cold. She slid her gloves down the glass until she found a handle, then tugged on it. The doors held firm.
Fuckohfuckohfuck…
She continued along the house, passing several more windows, approaching the back door. What if she couldn’t get inside? Her heart pounded as she considered the outcome. If the door was locked, she’d be trapped. Out of options.
She’d have made the wrong decision. The one that had gotten her killed.
She swallowed as she reached the door, then blinked twice to ensure she wasn’t dreaming.
The door was open.



Abby half staggered, half fell into the house. Her legs ached from running, and her face was lined with sweat. When she got past the threshold, she spun and shut the door behind her, fumbling for the lock. The deadbolt clicked into place.
All at once she was thrust into quiet.
The appliances were off, and the lights were out.
Outside, she’d had the occasional gust of wind to contend with, but here there was nothing. She stared around the room. At first everything was dark, but after a few seconds, she could identify the outlines of countertops and cabinets. It appeared she was in the Hamiltons’ kitchen. She’d never been in their house before.
She peered out the back window, waiting for the dark-furred creature to pound against the pane, sending the door reeling inward, but the yard was as desolate as she’d left it. To the left, she could see the path she’d taken from the neighbor’s house. Straight ahead was the shed and the tree line.
There was no sign of the creature.
“Hello?” she hissed.
She stepped deeper into the house. Were the Hamiltons still here? She considered calling out louder, announcing her presence, but fear held her back. Any noise could alert the creature. Instead she crept across the room, looking for signs of life or a phone.
Her knife clanged against a countertop, and she recoiled. The house was a myriad of lines and shapes. To her left was a room that looked like a den. She saw a couch, a recliner, and a flat-screen television. To her right was the living room.
In the absence of heat, the house had taken on a bitter chill, and she could smell the faint remnants of an earlier meal.
She finally saw a dark object on the wall that looked like a phone, and she made her way toward it.
Abby maneuvered around a set of table and chairs, eyes locked on the shape she’d seen. Her feet crunched objects on the floor. She couldn’t determine what the mess she was stepping on was, but it felt like pasta or some other dried foods.
The Hamiltons must’ve left in a hurry, judging by the open door.
When she finally reached the phone, she grabbed hold of the receiver and placed it against her ear. Nothing. Her heart dropped in her chest. She tapped the button, hoping for a dial tone or a person, but the line was dead.
Dammit, dammit, dammit…
Just to be certain, she bent down and followed the cord to the wall, scurrying to locate the jack.
Her feet bumped against something on the floor.
Abby stopped.
What was that?
She bent down and peered into the darkness, trying to identify the shape in front of her. It took her a second to determine what it was. She immediately gagged. Below her was a pair of eyes. A nose. A mouth. A body.
The smell of copper stung her eyes, and Abby stumbled back, barely keeping hold of the knife. She dropped the phone, and it smashed against the floor.
“Leon? Adeline?”
The body didn’t answer.
Her eyes darted to the back door, but it was still closed.
The beast had been here.
She stumbled into the living room, trying to distance herself from the scene. Even though she couldn’t make out the details, she knew the person she’d stumbled across was dead. Probably had been for a while.
But that was only one of the Hamiltons. Where was the other?
Abby swallowed the acidic taste in her throat. She held the knife in front of her, as if something might leap out from the shadows and grab her. Her heart beat in frantic rhythm. If someone was still here, maybe she could find the person. Maybe they’d escape this madness together.
Although she wasn’t familiar with the layout of the Hamiltons’ house, she could see a hallway and a set of stairs to her left. In front of her was more furniture. The sliders were on the right wall of the living room.
She swiveled in all directions. Her eyes flew from furniture to floor, searching for a human form. She was about to press on when something drew her attention to the sliders.
A dark shape lurked on the other side of the pane.
Chapter Ten

Abby froze, watching the figure through the condensation in the glass. The thing was standing upright, elongated nose in the air, arms held in front of it. It appeared to be looking sideways, staring at the door she’d entered.
It knew she was in here.
Her body screamed at her to move, but she stayed rooted in place. The smell of blood filled her nose. Ever since she’d discovered the body, the odor seemed to have grown stronger and more pungent. She fought the urge to heave, even though she had nothing left to expel.
The creature tilted its head toward the glass doors. The movement was animalistic, but she could detect a trace of something human. Without warning, it snorted a wisp of hot air onto the pane. Its breath cleared a spot in the glass, and it peered inside, its red eyes surveying the room. Abby felt a scream build in her throat. Her hands shook violently, and she clung to the knife.
Stay still, stay still, staystill…
The thing was twenty feet away. Even though it was through a window, Abby couldn’t help but feel like it was right next to her. It raked at the window with a furred arm, testing the strength of the glass, and then stepped back.
It’s coming inside.
Abby steeled herself to run, her right hand clasped around the blade. As soon as the thing spotted her, she’d turn and flee for her life, however short her life might be. Her eyes darted from the creature to the hallway, frantically determining the path she’d take.
She watched the beast’s eyes through the glass. For a second, she was positive they’d stopped.
Without warning, the thing turned its head, gave one last chuff, and loped from sight. Abby expelled the breath she’d been holding. Had she escaped detection? Had it missed her? She relaxed her grip on the knife.
It didn’t see me…It didn’t see me.
She repeated the words in her head, still unable to believe them.
Her body was still shaking, and she fought to contain her panic. Somehow she’d avoided its attention…somehow she’d gone unnoticed…
Somehow she’d get away…
The back door shook. She heard the rattle of the doorknob and the scratch of claws, then the squeak of wood in the doorframe.
This time Abby didn’t wait. She bolted in the opposite direction, heading for the front end of the house. The hallway was only ten feet long, and in less than a second, she’d reached the foyer. Ahead of her was the front door. To her right was a set of stairs.
Which way? Whichway?
The door would lead her back outside. But upstairs, she might be able to hide. She’d already tried running, and she hadn’t gotten far…
She grappled with the decision. The back door shook. At any second, it would topple inward and admit the creature.
She grabbed the front door and felt wildly for the locks. Then she undid the deadbolt, turned the handle, and flung open the door. Cold air and snow spat from the outside.
The back door exploded from behind her.
Abby turned tail and raced up the staircase.
She ran on the balls of her feet, praying the stairs wouldn’t squeak underfoot. One excess noise would alert the thing to her plan, if it hadn’t smelled her already. Her hope was to throw it off long enough to hide.
The image of Rob paraded through her head. He’d been powerless against the thing, and so had the body in the kitchen. She didn’t even know who the body belonged to. Whether it was Leon or Adeline, she could only guess.
Even with the lights on, she doubted she’d recognize the body, if it was as mangled as Rob’s had been.
She skimmed up the steps, listening to the crash of objects below her. The thing was in the kitchen. Ripping up fabric. Tearing at the walls.
Making its way through the house in a rage.
All stealth had been cast aside. Its mission now was to find and destroy her.
She tripped on something unidentifiable, sending her sprawling on all fours, and she used her hands and feet to scramble up the remaining steps. Once on the landing, her eyes darted left and right, trying to make sense of the darkness. The pale wash of the outdoors filtered through several uncovered windows, and she strained to absorb the light. She could see doorways on either side of her. On a whim, she veered right. A dark doorframe beckoned, and she headed straight for it.
At the last second, she caught a glimpse of the beast in the foyer.
The thing was standing next to the front door. It reared up on its haunches, head swiveling beneath a low-hung chandelier. It was seven feet tall. Maybe more.
She pitched herself into the dark room, her body surging with adrenaline. The room was black and impenetrable. She waved her hands in front of her, catching hold of nothing but empty air. She got the sense it was a bedroom or an office. Something large.
Wherever she was, the shades were drawn.
She maneuvered deeper inside, her hands outstretched, hoping to detect any obstacles before she bumped into them. Her fingers encountered a bed, and she grabbed frantically at the bedspread, looking for a way underneath.
The thing was still in the house. She could hear its breath and the clack of its jowls. At any moment it would ascend the stairs and come after her. She grappled with the sheets, lost in the folds.
Dammit! Come on!
Suddenly she’d created an opening, and she wriggled her way underneath. The bed was about a foot off the ground—barely high enough to wedge herself under. As she slid under it, she couldn’t help but feel she’d be trapped, claustrophobic. If the thing found her, there’d be no getting out easily.
She was buried underneath the mattress.
The house had fallen silent again. There was no longer any noise from downstairs—the breathing and sniffing had stopped. She held still. Her heart hammered against the floorboards. Had the beast left? Had it taken the bait? She waited a full minute, certain she’d hear a scrape or a scuff, but the quiet prevailed.
Abby swallowed a breath.
She inched out from beneath the bed. The house remained silent.
Even if it had gone, she knew it would be back. Once it didn’t find her outside, it would return. She needed to get out of the house.
In her head, she formulated an escape plan: out the back door, into the woods. Help might be waiting on the other side of the forest—a house with a working phone, a neighbor who could provide refuge. She knew her chances were slim, but at the same time, she couldn’t afford to stay.
She slid back into the open, careful not to drag her knife on the floor. Once upright, she glanced around the room. Her eyes were still adjusting, and she could see shapes around her, objects lurking in the dark. Every one of them looked like the beast.
What if it was in here with her?
She swallowed back the thought and got to her feet, wincing at the soft rustle of her jacket. Across the room, she could see the faint outline of a window. She crept toward it, intending to look outside. She needed confirmation that the creature had left. Some proof that she was alone in the house.
Her boots creaked; her socks pressed against her toes. Her limbs were raw and cold. When she reached the window, she found the corner of the shade and lifted it up. The glow of the outdoors crept past her, illuminating the room. She kept a safe distance from the glass to avoid detection.
The neighborhood was emblazoned in white. From her position on the second floor, she had a bird’s-eye view of the road, and she inspected the area with fear-soaked eyes. To her left was the faint outline of her raised ranch; on the road was her snow-covered Honda.
The creature was nowhere in sight.
All she could make out was a red trail in the middle of the street. It looked like the last pieces of Rob had been dragged out and consumed.
Chapter Eleven

Abby covered her mouth with her hand. The only thing worse than knowing her husband was dead was the knowledge that the creature had eaten him. She clenched her eyes shut, trying to dispel the image.
Rob was dead. She’d known it before, but now it was final.
There’d be no burial, no saying goodbye. The tears began to flow again, and her eyes flicked to the house next door—hers and Rob’s. She could make out a hint of vinyl siding, bits and pieces of the snow-covered roof. It had been Rob’s idea to move here, and she’d followed him. If they’d stayed in Georgia, this never would’ve happened.
She remembered her mother’s words when she’d left for Connecticut. The change will be good for you, sweetheart. It’s good to have new experiences in life. Six months ago, Georgia had been the only home she’d ever known, and Abby had been reluctant to leave. But her mother had instilled confidence in her, assuring Abby that she was making the right move.
And so Abby had taken the plunge. Now she was starting to regret it.
But she needed to trust her instincts now. She needed to get out of here.
The life she’d had with Rob was over.
She glanced behind her, using the brief light of the window to determine her path. It was then that she noticed the body in the room. In the darkness, she hadn’t detected it before.
She seized up.
A woman was lying on the bed. She could just make out Adeline’s portly frame on the bed, her wiry hair. Her head was tilted too far back, and one of her slippers was missing. On her lap was a pistol. Abby let go of the shade and darted to the woman’s side.
She whispered the woman’s name, but there was no response.
Abby checked the woman for a pulse. The body was lifeless and still. She swallowed and reached for the gun, taking it in her hands. The barrel was cold. Metallic. Was it even loaded? She didn’t know. She could only assume Adeline hadn’t gotten the chance to fire it.
If she had, Abby would’ve heard it.
The creature must’ve gotten to her first.
Abby reeled back from the bed, suddenly positive that she was alone. The Pierces and the Morgans had left. The Hamiltons were dead.
The only person left was the man at the end of the cul-de-sac, and the beast—and she suspected the two were one and the same.
Getting to another neighborhood was her only bet.
Abby put one foot in front of the other, clutching the knife and the gun, and treaded across the room. Before long, she’d cleared the bedroom and re-entered the hallway.
She peered over the railing. The front door was still open. Beads of snow drifted in from outside, covering the foyer like an icy welcome mat. The world outside was white and silent, betraying nothing about the events that had transpired. Abby kept her eyes glued to the doorway. With each step, she could see more of the neighborhood—snow and gray sky and houses with their shapes twisted and deformed.
When she reached the top landing, she took a breath. The stairs seemed to unfold before her. For a moment, she convinced herself that the carpeted steps were the only things separating her from the monster, that when she started down them, she’d give up her only advantage. But she had to move. Had to continue.
Staying would mean death.
She stared down the steps and out the front door, ready to take the first step.
She was about to move when she saw a mass of fur barreling toward the house.
Abby stepped back. Her heart leapt in her chest. The thing glided across the terrain, soundless except for the crunch of paws on powder. She spun and grabbed for the nearest door handle, then ducked into a small bathroom.
Although her instinct was to slam the door shut and barricade herself inside, she closed it to a crack instead. Through the opening, over the top of the railing, she could see the foyer, the open door, and the advancing beast.
She’d waited too long. She should’ve left sooner.
She felt around in the dark, locating a counter and a sink, and placed the knife on top of it. Then she placed both hands on the gun and held it at chest level.
She’d never fired one before. She knew where the trigger was and how to hold it, but nothing more. She prayed the thing had bullets, that it was ready to fire.
The creature had reached the front step. She watched it switch from four limbs to two, standing upright and huffing the air. Her breath caught in her throat, and she backed away from the bathroom door, taking aim through the crack. Once it climbed the stairs and came into view, she’d shoot.
She hoped it wouldn’t. She hoped it would leave. But the fact of the matter was that it had already come and gone once. If it was back, it was back for good.
The beast stepped through the front door. It extended its nose into the air, wagged its mane. She could make out its eyes in the semi-darkness—red and piercing, and they seemed to swallow the room with each pass, as if willing her to emerge. Its body darkened the doorway, and she saw the outlines of bristled fur. Claws. Teeth.
She could smell it, too. The musk of the outdoors, the odor of a fresh kill. Abby said a silent prayer, her lips moving soundlessly. The beast took one plodding step, then another, establishing the house as its own.
She aimed her weapon through the crack, wondering if she’d have the chance to use it. Adeline had meant to. And now she was dead.
The creature hit the first stair.
Abby heard the muffled thump of a foot, the hiss of hot breath gliding through teeth. She stared through the crack in the door, afraid to blink. Because the opening was small, the creature had slipped from view; the only clue she had to its whereabouts was the sound of it ascending the steps.
She could only guess at its location.
The footsteps continued.
Thump. Thump.
Abby strained to recall how many steps there were. Ten? Twelve? How many until the creature was right in front of her?
The open front door seemed to beckon her. For a moment, she considered darting out into the hallway and throwing herself over the railing. Would it be worth the risk of injury? Would she survive long enough to escape?
She swallowed, but held her position. The gun was heavy in her hands.
What if there were no bullets? What if she missed? What if—
Abby paused, noticing a break in the noise. The beast had either reached the landing, or it had heard her swallow. Did it know where she was? Could it sense her?
Her hands trembled.
The beast snorted.
Abby jumped, barely keeping hold of the gun. Nothing appeared. The sliver of hallway in front of her was vacant. But she could sense the thing’s presence.
It was right behind the door.
It chuffed again. The stench of blood and beast was overwhelming, drowning out her other senses. She repressed the urge to be sick.
The thing’s head appeared. At first, all she could see was the tip of its nose, but then she saw an eye, the matted fold of an ear. The thing was only a few feet away—close enough to reach out and grab her.
In the time she’d been running, this was the closest she’d been to it. The closest she’d come to death.
She held the gun and prepared to squeeze the trigger.
The thing continued down the hallway.
Abby exhaled. Her body felt like it was stretched taut, and her mind spit rapid-fire. She heard the faint creak of a floorboard from down the hall. The thing had gone into the bedroom.
Move.
The word popped into her brain as if it had been planted there, and suddenly Abby was pulling open the door and slipping into the hallway. There was no time to question what she was doing.
There was only time to act.
She glanced left, glimpsing the creature’s shadow. Although she couldn’t be certain, it looked like it was facing the other direction. Without hesitation, she crept down the hallway, heading for the stairs. The carpet kept her cover, and soon she was departing the landing and making her way down the stairs.
Her body moved as if it were on autopilot; she couldn’t feel her legs. It was as if some outside force were propelling her down the stairs, guiding her to safety. She fixed her eyes on the open door, fighting the urge to look behind her. Only five more steps. She was going to make it. The beast was still occupied. It hadn’t gotten a look at her. She’d survive, even though all the others had died.
She’d get help and then—
Something struck her from behind, and Abby toppled down the remaining stairs. The gun and the knife flew from her grasp, skittering into unseen corners. She hit the foyer hard, deprived of air, and cried out as blood sprayed inside her mouth.
Claws grabbed her head and slammed her into the ground.



PART THREE – THE KILL
Chapter Twelve

Abby awoke with a start. She wasn’t sure how long she’d been out, but it couldn’t have been long, judging by the fact that she was still alive. But something was on top of her. The creature had her pinned.
She struggled and writhed under the weight of its body, and its breath threatened to smother her. If it didn’t rip her open, she’d die from being crushed.
From what she could tell, she was still in the foyer, lying on her stomach. In the corner of her eye she could see the open door; behind her were flashes of movement. Her vision was still bleary from passing out. She pushed with all her strength, but the thing had her immobilized.
Was this how Rob had felt?
Tears savaged her eyes, and before she knew it she was crying and fighting, spitting and lashing out. The thing behind her snarled, as if hoping to subdue her, but she ignored it and began to scream.
“Stop! Get off me!”
She knew the words were useless, but her mind was ramped up on adrenaline, her synapses firing at breakneck speed. Abby’s instincts had taken over, and she’d do anything she could to stay alive.
She had the sudden realization that she was cold, and she ceased screaming.
I’m cut. He’s torn me open.
She waited for the unbearable pain to overtake her, but it never came. It took her a second to realize that only her coat had been ripped.
Abby wriggled back and forth, sloughing off her jacket. The beast tore at the fabric, and she could feel the tips of its nails digging into her skin. Suddenly she was free, and she ignored the pain and pushed herself off the carpet.
She began to crawl.
She tried to forget the creature behind her, concentrating instead on gaining distance from it. At any moment it would pounce on her, but right now, at this second, she was free. If she could maneuver her way to the door, maybe she could escape. Even though the logistics were against her, Abby’s brain kept her moving.
Before long, wet snowflakes kissed her skin. She was outside.
The cold around her intensified, but she pressed on. Blood trickled down her cheeks. Her head must’ve been cut open when the thing slammed her head against the ground. But that didn’t matter. She might be injured, but she was alive. If she could just keep moving—
The beast took hold of her legs and ripped her backward, as if she were little more than its plaything. She slid over the threshold of the house and back inside, her stomach scraping against the snow and carpet.
“No!” she shrieked.
But her words were weak and unheeded. Her leg exploded in pain as something tore into it.
Abby had been foolish to think she could escape the beast. It was faster. Stronger. Inhuman. Any advantage she’d had had been given up when she’d been spotted. Without weapons, she was as good as dead.
The thing tugged her again, and Abby slid sideways like a wet mop, her bloodied leg sliding across the floor. The room was starting to spin. The beast had her in its grasp, and she was powerless to stop it. She speared the floor with her fingernails, but they scraped uselessly against the hardwood, and she was unable to find traction.
Her eyes flitted from corner to corner. Searching for something—anything—that could help her.
Then she spotted the gun.
It was little more than a glint in the darkness, but she could make it out across the foyer. The creature shook her back and forth, trying to shake the fight out of her, but she kept her eyes focused on it.
The gun was ten feet away. Butted against the far wall. If she could reach it…
The beast lifted her by the leg, intent on flipping her over, but Abby lashed out and kicked it in the chest. The thing lost its grasp, and she started to move. It grabbed onto her boot, but Abby slid her foot free.
All of a sudden she was crawling on hands and knees, faster than she’d ever crawled before. Her clothes hung in tatters, threatening to slow her down. But Abby held fast to her mission. She kept her eyes fixed on the gun, her mind on what she needed to do. Before she knew it, the piece was in her hands.
Abby turned and squeezed the trigger.
The shot was deafening, ripping through the foyer of the house and echoing up the stairs. She heard a yelp—not the snarl of a predator but the cry of outwitted prey—and the creature fell to the floor. The storm howled, throwing a gust of wind through the open doorway.
Was it dead?
Abby didn’t wait to find out. She grabbed her missing boot and ran into the night.



The snow had stopped. She slipped on her boot, heart still pounding, and trudged across a neighborhood that now resembled a wilderness.
Abby kept on, despite the gnawing ache in her leg and the pain in her skull. Several times she looked behind her, expecting to find the creature in pursuit, but all she could see was the pink trail of blood from her leg, dripping like a slow leak from a rusty hose.
She needed help. She needed medical attention, and she needed the police.
The snow was now about eight inches deep, and she trudged through it with all the speed she could muster. Her sweatpants and shirt were ripped; her coat was gone. The cold bit at her exposed skin. She passed by her house, then by the stranded Civic. The puddle of her husband’s blood was covered over in white, the vehicle a monument to his existence.
She was hit with a sudden thought, and she paused and tugged at the rear door handle. The door opened with effort, groaning on half-frozen hinges. Her bags were in the trunk, but there was a hoodie on the backseat. She retrieved it and pulled it on. The fabric wasn’t the thickest, but it warmed her several degrees. There was no use delaying any longer. The car was stuck, and she needed to get out of here. She slammed the door shut and kept moving.
The intersecting road was several hundred yards away. If she could reach it, she might find help. Although she hadn’t seen a car pass in several hours, the road was her best chance at escaping the neighborhood.
The wind had died down, plunging the neighborhood into a new depth of quiet. All Abby could hear was the puff of breath from her lungs and the occasional whimper that escaped her lips. She listened for sounds around her—the crunch of a footstep, the wheeze of a second set of lungs—but the area was mercifully silent.
She did her best to rid her mind of the beast, concentrating instead on a new set of odds before her: getting herself help before she bled to death or the cold consumed her. Whichever came first.
Though she was covering ground, Abby’s pace was uneven. Her head was swimming and she felt off balance. Even so, she was able to make progress, and after a few minutes she’d traversed the length of the street.
The intersection of Jameson and Pickney was marked with a stop sign. Next to it was a metal pole with two road markers. In better weather, Abby could expect to see a car every few minutes or so. Tonight, the street was empty.
She looked to her left and to her right, finding nothing but trees and snow. Normally she appreciated the rural setting, but tonight it filled her with desperation. The nearest neighborhood wasn’t for a mile in either direction.
Help seemed light years away.
She staggered out onto the roadway, scouring the road for tire tracks. Her hope was to see indentations in the snow, some evidence that a car had recently passed. It was possible one had gone by while she’d been at the Hamiltons’, maybe even while she’d been passed out.
The snow looked untouched. If someone had driven by, it’d been a while.
In any case, she needed to keep moving. The longer she remained in place, the dizzier she became, and Abby had the sinking feeling that she was about to lose consciousness.
Before plowing ahead, she scanned the road in both directions. There was no sign of headlights. The road to her left led to the center of town. She bore in that direction.
As she cleared the intersection, she gave one last glance behind her. She caught sight of her house in the distance and fought the sickening feeling that now came with the image.
Keep moving.
As she walked, she wiggled her fingers and toes, hoping to restore some of the circulation she’d lost. Although the snow had ceased, the cold had intensified, and it adhered to her like a new layer of skin. The trees on either side of the road loomed over her like a platoon of many-armed guards.
Each footstep was more difficult than the last; her muscles felt like rubber. She’d been on these roads numerous times, but never on foot. Abby tried to envision the neighborhood in front of her, but couldn’t gauge how far she’d traveled. Without landmarks to guide her, the road seemed to stretch on forever, and each patch of forest seemed identical to the last.
Come on, Abby.
She had to make it. She hadn’t come this far to die.
Rob would’ve wanted her to continue.
She gritted her teeth, holding back tears, and charged ahead. After a few minutes, she noticed something glowing on the trees ahead. She squinted and wiped her face, but the light was still there. It took her a minute to identify the source.
A car was coming up from her rear.
Abby spun. In the distance, she could make out the silhouette of a vehicle. It seemed to glide across the snow, its form illuminated in the backlight of its high beams. The engine purred louder as it approached.
This was it. Help at last.
Abby raced out into the road, heart racing, and then collapsed.
Chapter Thirteen

Headlights threatened to blind her.
Abby tried to sit up, but her body refused to cooperate. She’d fallen on her side, facing the vehicle, and she peered through the glare. Despite her efforts, she was unable to make out anything but lines and shadows. After a few seconds, a voice sprang from the light.
“Are you all right, ma’am?”
She opened her mouth to answer, but her lips were frozen. She wiped her face with a gloved hand. She was still holding the gun. She lowered it to her side and pulled herself into a sitting position.
Snow clung to her sweatpants and hoodie. She brushed at it with an unsteady hand, eyes bleary. A car door opened and shut, and footsteps crunched the snow. A few seconds later, a man knelt beside her.
“Are you OK?”
The man was wearing a knit cap and a coat. Gray hair sprang from the sides of his hat, and his face was creased with worry.
“I-I think so,” Abby managed.
She tried to get to her feet, but gravity pulled her back to the ground.
“Wait a sec, I’ll help you up.”
The man held out his arm, and she took hold of his sleeve. She staggered to her feet, noticing a puddle of blood where her leg had landed.
“Christ, you’re bleeding!” the man observed. He stared at the snow where she’d been lying, then caught sight of the gun. He immediately backed away.
“We don’t want any trouble, miss.”
“I was attacked…please…”
The man eyed her nervously.
“There’s something out there. It got my husband…my neighbors…” she pleaded.
The man glanced back at the vehicle, and Abby saw another person sitting in the passenger seat.
“We can help you, but you have to put that thing away,” the man said.
Abby tucked the pistol in the lip of her jeans. Once it was out of sight, the man helped her over to the SUV and into the backseat. She slid across the cushions, wincing at the pain in her leg. She was immediately hit with a blast of warmth. She closed her eyes and absorbed the heat.
When she opened her eyes, a woman with curly gray hair was staring at her from the front seat.
“I’m Lorena Sotheby, and this is my husband Tom. It looks like you’re bleeding pretty badly. Let me help you.”
The woman climbed into the backseat while her husband took the driver’s seat. Abby noticed the woman was holding a T-shirt in her hand, and she began to wrap it around Abby’s leg.
“I’m sorry, but we don’t have a first aid kit. How long have you been outside, sweetheart?”
“A few hours, I think,” Abby guessed.
“You must be freezing.”
Abby attempted to answer, but her teeth were chattering too hard. The SUV hummed as Tom put it into drive, and before long they were rolling over the snow-covered road. From the front seat, she heard the sounds of numbers being dialed on a cellphone.
“What happened?” Lorena asked, still tending to her leg.
Abby opened her mouth to speak, but couldn’t find the words. For the past few minutes, she’d been so caught up in her survival that she’d been able to repress what she’d seen. Now the images came flooding back, like a nightmare long forgotten.
“There was something in my neighborhood. S-some kind of animal or something. It attacked my husband, my neighbors, and it almost got me.”
Lorena gave her a long look.
“Where are you from?”
“I live on Jameson Street. The one you just passed.”
The woman’s eyes, which had already been filled with worry, seemed to darken. Her gaze flitted to the front seat. Tom was looking at her in the rearview mirror.
“What did this thing look like?”
“You’re not going to believe me, but it looked sort of like a—”
“A wolf?”
Abby swallowed and nodded. “But bigger. The size of a man. How’d you—?”
She looked from the rearview to the woman next to her. Lorena’s eyes were wide and sympathetic.
“They’re everywhere, honey. We’ve been trying to call the police for hours.”
Abby’s heart knocked against her ribcage. From the front seat, she could hear the sound of a busy signal on speakerphone, then the sound of Tom cursing again. Although she hadn’t noticed it before, there was a rifle lying on the passenger seat.
“This can’t be happening,” she whispered.
Lorena shook her head. “That’s what we’ve been saying.”
Abby’s gaze flew around the road, but the outside was dark and glossy, as if they were traveling across the arctic tundra. She had the sudden fear that the tires would lock up, that they’d get stuck in a patch of snow the way she and Rob had earlier, but the car continued.
They’re everywhere, honey…
Lorena’s words rattled in Abby’s head like a penny in a tin can, and try as she might, she was powerless to dismiss them. She instinctively felt for her own weapon, even though she had little faith that it would protect her.
The car had fallen silent, but she could hear the faint sound of static through the radio as Tom adjusted the dials. A few of the stations were playing music, and he flipped by them, searching for a voice.
“Where are you from?” Abby asked.
“We live in the neighborhood back there,” Lorena said, pointing to the road behind them. “One of the things broke into the house, and Tom shot at it.”
“Did you see anyone else in the neighborhood?”
“A lot of people left when the storm got bad, but we decided to stick it out. Tom and I have a generator. After that thing broke in, we got the hell out of there as fast as we could.”
A gust of wind blew again from outside, lifting currents of snow over the hood. Tom hit the windshield wipers, and Abby watched as they slogged back and forth over the snow, grinding it against the windshield.
“Dammit,” Tom spat. “If we can get to town, maybe we can track down help. I just wish these wipers would cooperate.”
She heard the whir of a motor, and then saw a streak of washer fluid hit the pane. The wipers were stuck. Tom hit a lever, increasing their speed. Finally the snow gave in, toppling to the side.
“You said the thing attacked your husband?” he called back.
“Yes. He…died.”
Abby could barely formulate the words. Once she’d spoken them, she lowered her head and cried into her hands. Lorena reached over to console her.
“It’s OK, honey. We’re going to get you out of here.”
Progress on the road was slow. Because of the snow’s depth, the tires of the SUV fought to keep traction, and Tom fought to control the wheel. The vehicle swayed back and forth, as if they were aboard an ocean liner, fighting the current of a stormy sea. Abby resumed her watch out the windows, alternating her gaze between the road and the forest.
Although they’d been driving for several minutes, she was hard-pressed to determine their location. The trees were swathed in snow, and she recognized none of the landmarks that would’ve been apparent to her in drier weather.
Heat blasted from the vents around her.
“Is that too much for you?” Tom asked.
“No, I’m fine. Thanks.”
Her body was starting to warm to the vehicle’s temperature, but her mind was still numb. Detached. She blinked hard, letting her eyes close. If it weren’t for the adrenaline coursing through her veins, she might’ve succumbed to exhaustion. Her mind wandered the events from the previous hours, replaying them over and over, as if they were stuck on a loop.
Her husband’s body…the battle with the creature…
It was hard to imagine continuing life without Rob. They’d been together for four years, and married for one, but already it felt like an eternity. They’d sworn to spend their lives together, and now it was over.
Even if she escaped the neighborhood—even if she never went back—the memories would haunt her forever. She wasn’t positive of much, not anymore, but she was positive of that.
“Hang in there,” Lorena said from beside her. “We’ll get through this, honey.”
“I hope so,” Abby whispered.



When Abby opened her eyes, there was a large, snow-covered object parked diagonally on the road front of them. It took her a few seconds to determine it was a car. The exterior was glossed in white, but she could see patches of green paint sticking out from underneath. The taillights were still lit.
Tom flashed the high beams, but there was no response from the driver.
“I’m going to pull up next to them,” Tom said.
“Do you think that’s a good idea? Maybe we should just keep going,” Lorena said.
The woman was trying to remain calm, but Abby could hear her voice shaking. Tom glanced at her.
“Whoever’s inside might be stuck. We can’t leave them out here.”
Abby studied the stalled vehicle. The driver’s side window was rolled down a crack, and she could make out a faint glow from somewhere inside.
Tom applied the brakes, and she felt the tires of the SUV slide on the slippery snow. She watched the forest on either side of her, expecting something to spring from the trees, but nothing did. She turned her attention back to the vehicle. The SUV’s headlights bounced off the driver’s side mirror, and she thought she glimpsed a person’s silhouette inside.
Tom pulled up next to the car, letting the SUV idle. Then he hit one of the buttons to lower the passenger side window.
“Are you OK?” Tom yelled across the car.
The person in the vehicle was little more than a shadow. Tom leaned farther and called out again. Lorena swiped at the condensation on the glass in the back window. Abby peered over, trying to get a better look through it.
After a minute of silence, Tom turned around, craning past the headrest.
“It looks like there’s someone in the driver’s seat,” he said.
He threw the SUV into park.
“I’ll hop out and check. I’ll only be a minute. Keep the doors locked.”
Both Abby and Lorena opened their mouths to argue, but before they could stop him, Tom grabbed the rifle and ripped open the driver’s side door. He hopped into the snow, then closed the door behind him. The doors locked. Abby heard the crunch of his boots on powder, then saw his illuminated figure in the glare of the headlights.
In spite of his bravado, he seemed afraid.
Abby and Lorena swiveled in all directions, their heads turning in unison. Since stopping the vehicle, the sky seemed to have grown darker. The snow continued to fall from overhead, blotting the windows and evaporating on the hood like melted butter. Abby swallowed, fighting the feeling of panic that threatened to overtake her once again. She kept her eyes glued to the windows, her hands clutched on the back of the driver’s seat.
When Tom reached the driver’s side of the vehicle, he rapped on the glass, his rifle under his arm.
“Don’t worry, we’re here to help!” he called out.
There was no answer.
For a brief, selfish moment, Abby wanted nothing more than to leave the scene behind, for Tom to come back and for them to keep driving. But if the person was in trouble, she knew it’d be wrong to leave them behind.
If it weren’t for Tom and Lorena, she’d be out there alone herself.
Tom knocked on the window again, but there was still no response. He waited another moment, then tugged on the door handle and swung the door open.
He immediately stumbled back in the snow.
“Holy Jesus!” he cried.
He raced back to the SUV, struggling to keep his footing. The rifle bounced in his hands. When he reached the vehicle, he jumped into the driver’s seat and slammed the door.
“What happened?” Lorena asked.
Tom didn’t answer. His eyes were blazing, and his face was ashen. He threw the vehicle into drive and hit the accelerator. Without a word, he propelled the SUV forward. The wipers dragged across the windowpane.
Lorena put her hand on her husband’s shoulder.
“It’ll be OK, honey.”
Abby heard him swallow, but he still didn’t reply.
As they passed the stalled vehicle, Abby’s eyes wandered to the open door. Her stomach immediately soured.
The driver was a man in his forties. His throat had been ripped out, and his organs were spilled across his stomach.
She clutched her hands over her mouth, fighting the urge to vomit. Her mind sputtered. She blinked several times, trying to rid her mind of the image she had seen, but it was already planted in her memory. In the past few hours, Abby had seen more bloodshed than she’d seen in a lifetime, and she wanted nothing more than to leave it behind.
For the next few minutes, the car plunged into a somber silence.
The SUV hummed over the roadway as it picked up speed.
Abby kept her eyes glued to the trees, her eyes skimming the dark, snow-laden branches. Town was only a few miles away. Soon they’d reach it, and soon they’d find help. There had to be other people out there, people who could assist them. As awful and unbelievable as the whole night had been, there had to be safety somewhere.
They’d only gone a half-mile when the windshield wipers stalled again.
“Dammit!” Tom swore, his voice cracked and broken.
He hit the lever, turning the wipers on and off again, and finally got them moving.
“That’s better,” he murmured.
He sighed and returned his hands to the steering wheel. The wipers cast the snow aside, clearing the pane. When the windshield came clean, all three of them froze.
Something was standing in the road in front of them.
Lorena began to scream.
Chapter Fourteen

Tom hit the brakes, and the vehicle swerved. The headlights glanced off the shape in the road, giving it a split second of illumination. Abby saw a host of familiar features: a protruding nose, jagged fingernails, and a mouth opened into a roar. In the middle of the creature’s chest was a blood-encrusted wound.
A remnant from when she’d shot it.
She fished for her gun, bracing herself with one hand on the back of the driver’s seat. The SUV had lost traction, and it spun soundlessly in the night, unable to find purchase. The headlights speared the landscape—illuminating trees, then road, then beast. When the car finally stopped, Abby’s pulse spiked.
The creature was bounding toward them.
Tom let go of the steering wheel and lunged for his rifle. Before he could reach it, the thing landed on the hood and started pounding on the glass. One of the headlights went out, pitching the road into further darkness and obscuring the creature’s form. The windshield spiderwebbed under furred hands.
Abby retrieved her gun. She tried pointing it over the headrest, but Tom was in the way, and he cried out as she bumped into him. Lorena was still screaming, and the sound filled the interior of the car. Something keened below them. It took Abby a moment to realize it was the sound of tires, spinning without traction.
She stared at the door next to her, unsure whether to stay inside or get out. Both decisions reeked of danger and death, and neither screamed out as the solution. Before she could act, she heard the click of a lock, and Lorena flung open her door and stumbled out into the night.
“No!” Abby screamed.
But she was too late. The woman was still shrieking, and she fled through the snow and out of sight. Wind whipped through the open door, catching Abby in its draft. In the front seat, Tom had recovered his rifle, and he aimed it at the creature on the windshield. He fired off a round, punching a hole in the glass, but not before the beast leapt from sight, climbing over the hood of the car and after Lorena.
“Lorena!” Tom screeched, his face a frightened mess.
Pieces of glass cascaded in from the windshield. The car was compromised.
The only thing left was to get out.
Tom ripped at the driver’s side door handle, muttering words that Abby couldn’t understand. She glanced behind her, hoping to catch a glimpse of Lorena and the creature, but she could see little in the darkness. Rather than depart through the open door, she unlocked her own and pitched it open, stepping back out into the cold.
She aimed her gun in front of her, uncertain whether she had bullets, uncertain whether it would fire. Her luck had held out once, but she had little confidence that it would continue.
Tom exited behind her. He swung the rifle in front of him, frantic, staring past Abby. They surveyed the white landscape, but the road was empty. Somewhere off to their right, deep in the forest, they heard screams.
“I’m going after her!” Tom huffed, his breath white and visible.
“I’m coming, too!”
Despite Abby’s weakened state, the prospect of leaving these people alone—especially after they’d helped her—didn’t seem right. Tom didn’t argue, and before she knew it, they were traipsing into the woods in the direction of the screams.
The snow in the forest was thicker than on the road. Whether it was the underbrush or the drifts, Abby wasn’t sure, but the powder was well past her knees. She forged ahead, ignoring the bite in her legs and skin, knowing this might be her final journey. Even if she got out of this—even if she didn’t die from frostbite or pneumonia or blood loss—her prospect of survival was slim.
If these things were everywhere, there’d be no escaping them.
She gritted her teeth and tried to focus.
“Lorena!” Tom shouted, the word echoing through the tree trunks.
Lorena continued to scream, but her words were indecipherable. In spite of that, it sounded like Tom and Abby were getting closer. Had the creature caught up with her? Abby could only imagine the beast had had no trouble narrowing the gap. From everything she’d seen, the thing was fast—the snow wouldn’t have proved an issue.
Tom and Abby stumbled on, following the tracks in the snow through the somber light of the sky. She could hear the ragged breathing of the man next to her, but neither of them spoke. It was as if breath were their only commodity, and neither wanted to waste it.
She looked over her shoulder. Abby could still see the one working headlight of the car, shining into the woods without purpose or direction. Since they’d entered the forest, the landscape seemed to have grown darker. With each passing step, it felt like the tree limbs were reaching down to them, ready to pluck them from the ground.
Abby swiveled her attention to the foreground. It took her a moment to realize Lorena’s cries had stopped.
“Lorena!” Tom yelled.
Tom stopped in the snow, scanning the trees in all directions, and Abby pointed her pistol at the shadows.
“Where the hell is she?” Tom screamed. He swiveled his head in panic. “Lorena! Answer me, dammit! Where are you?”
Abby felt a sense of helplessness creep over her. It was the same feeling she’d had earlier, when she’d found Rob’s body ripped apart. It was as if the world around them had swooped in, tightening a noose around their necks, and there was nothing either of them could do to stop it.
All they could do was wait for the end.
Chapter Fifteen

A noise rang out from their left, and Abby and Tom spun, shifting their aim to a patch of trees. The forest creaked and swayed; several branches shed their snow. Abby watched as the white powder filtered to the ground. There was no sign of the beast. No sign of Lorena.
But the sound had to have come from somewhere.
She glanced over at Tom. The rifle bobbed up and down in his grasp.
“Lorena!” he screamed, his cries more desperate by the second.
He waved the rifle at the trees, as if demanding an answer. Abby’s teeth chattered. The cold bit at her skin, working its way into every nook and orifice. Now that they’d stopped moving, she had one less thing to distract her, and the pain in her leg had intensified.
Her leg felt like it was burning.
She glanced down at her calf, but could only see the outline of the makeshift bandage Lorena had applied for her. Without treatment, the injury would get worse. But there was nothing she could do at the moment.
“Let’s head that way,” Tom said, beckoning to the trees where the noise had originated.
He took a step forward, and Abby followed. They’d only gone a few feet when something flew through the air.
The object landed with a thud about five feet in front of them, and Abby screamed.
Tom stumbled backward.
It took them only a second to determine what it was.
Lorena’s mangled body lay in front of them in the snow. Her head hung like a dovetail joint, nearly twisted from her neck. Her chest cavity had been flayed open, and several ribs spilled from inside.
“No!” Tom fell to his knees beside her, his body wracked with sobs.
Abby’s pulse climbed. She pointed the gun through the trees, waiting for the beast to emerge. Every shadow appeared to be moving, and her eyes flitted from one shape to the next, waiting for something to stick out.
The forest had taken on an eerie silence, as if the world had stopped breathing.
Suddenly a pair of glowing eyes appeared in front of them. She saw the creature gliding toward them, its oversized limbs crunching snow. She squeezed off a shot from her pistol, but the shot went wide. She fired again, but missed. The beast continued, unfazed.
Tom sprang to his feet and aimed his rifle.
She heard a grunt as he squeezed the trigger, then the explosion of the gunshot. This time the beast reeled backward. Tom had struck his mark, but the creature kept coming, shaking the wound off like a bee sting. It was only a hundred yards away. Closing fast.
Abby struggled to aim her pistol, but her grip faltered. Her head was starting to pound, and she felt dizzy and hot. Sweat leaked from her brow. The world around her was spiraling out of control, and she was caught in the tempest.
Was she in shock? Dying?
Her leg pulsed, radiating heat. She tried to cry out, but her tongue didn’t seem to work. She heard several more gunshots from Tom’s rifle.
Through the haze, she saw the beast sway. A few of the bullets connected, slowing it down, but it refused to stop. She tried to aim her pistol, but couldn’t.
The gun slipped from Abby’s hand. Her ears were ringing, and she clasped her hands over her head, trying to plug the noise.
The creature was only feet away from Tom. She saw him thrust the tip of the rifle at its head and fire another shot.
Pain rippled through her head like a migraine.
She fell to her knees and clutched her temples. Another gunshot. Another burst of pain. She called out for Tom, but he didn’t answer. The world had gone black, and she couldn’t see.
All at once, the forest was quiet.
The pain subsided. Abby could hear herself breathing again, her lungs gasping for air. She opened her eyes and unfurled her hands from her head. Tom was standing a few feet away, clutching the rifle. He was staring at her.
“Are you OK, Abby?”
“I-I think so.” She nodded.
She followed his gaze to the beast, which had fallen to the ground in front of him. The creature looked smaller than it had before. She stared at the shadow for several seconds before determining the difference.
It wasn’t the beast anymore, but a man. The man began to stir.
Tom circled around it, pointing the rifle.
“Stay the fuck down!” he ordered.
The man sat up, clenching his head in his hands. His clothing was almost nonexistent; his body was littered with wounds. When he removed his hands from his face, Abby let out a gasp.
“Rob?”
“Abby?”
Her husband pushed himself off the ground, staggering to his feet. Tom stepped back in the snow, still pointing the rifle.
“Who the hell is this?”
“My husband! Don’t shoot!”
Abby regained her footing and took a step toward him, but her eyes stopped when she caught a glimpse of his face. The man standing before her was her husband, but his face was still wrong. Fur still clung in patches to his face, and his ears jutted off his head.
“Rob? I-I thought you were dead,” she whispered. “I saw your body…”
Rob wavered from side to side. She saw a glimmer of jagged teeth in his mouth, and when he spoke, his voice was low and guttural.
“That wasn’t me, Abs,” he said.
The image of the body flashed in front of her. She pictured the mutilated remains in the Pierces’ backyard—clothes gone, body ripped to pieces. At the time, she’d been certain it was her husband. But now she realized it couldn’t have been.
“Who was it, then?” she whispered.
“Our new neighbor.”
“From the end of the road?”
He nodded.
“But I thought something was wrong with him…he wasn’t moving…he wouldn’t wave…”
“He was in shock. He’d already seen one of us feeding.”
That meant Rob had—
“Y-you killed him. You killed Leon and Adeline…”
Tom sprang from the shadows, jabbing his rifle at Rob’s head.
“And you killed Lorena! You son of a bitch!”
Rob bowed his head, refusing to meet the man’s gaze. Abby stared at her husband, still in shock. Was he sick? Diseased? Maybe this wasn’t his fault. Maybe something had taken hold of him that he couldn’t control, and he was as much a victim as anyone else. There had to be an explanation…
“What’s going on, Rob? What happened?”
“This is the Great Storm, Abs. The one we’ve been waiting for.”
“The one who’s been waiting for?”
“Us. All of us.”
He lifted his hands in the air. Something howled in the distance, and Abby’s hands tightened on the pistol. She looked over at Tom just in time to see him squeeze the trigger of the rifle. Her heart crashed in her chest.
The gun clicked, empty.
“Goddamit!” Tom yelled. He backed away, losing his grip on the rifle.
“What the hell are you?” Abby whispered, tears streaking her face.
“I’m what I’m supposed to be. The same thing you’ll be soon.”
Rob’s head cocked to the side, studying her. She followed his red eyes down to the wound on her leg. The wound he’d given her. He bared his teeth.
“I told you I’d always take care of you, Abs. And I meant it.”
“No,” she whispered.
“Why do you think we moved up north? We made it just in time.”
She pictured the beast chasing her through the neighborhood. She’d always been one step ahead, one step from death. But only because he’d allowed it. He’d wanted her alive. He’d wanted to change her.
“I can’t,” she said, tears forming in the corners of her eyes. “I can’t do this.”
“We’ll start over, for real this time. We’ll be free.”
Abby pointed the pistol at his face, searching for signs of the man she’d loved, but all she could see were reminders of the beast. Her eyes wandered back to Lorena’s gutted body, and she felt sick once again.
“You’re disgusting,” she said.
Rob growled.
“How could you kill these people?”
“To be fair, I didn’t kill Leon or Adeline. That must’ve been one of the others.” Rob’s head twitched. “But I would have. If I’d gotten to them first.”
“You’re sick.”
“I am what I am. I’ve accepted it. So should you.”
“No.”
She took a step forward, solidifying her aim. The tears were flowing again, and she blinked them back. Rob’s body was unmarked. It was as if the gunshot wounds Tom had inflicted had already healed.
She might not be able to kill Rob with the gun.
But she’d sure as hell try.
She was about to squeeze the trigger when her body went into convulsions. Abby staggered in the snow, trying to keep her balance. The gun slipped from her grasp, hitting the ground with a thud. This time her entire body felt hot, as if some foreign matter was consuming her.
She noticed Tom was still backing away from them. His hands shook, and he was barely able to hold the rifle.
“Go!” she screamed. “Run!”
Rob took a step toward Tom, but Abby moved to intercept him, placing her body in the way. Her head was filled with pressure. Her skin felt raw and elastic. She opened her mouth to warn him to stay back, but all that came out was a snarl.
Tom fled through the trees.
Before Rob could pursue him, Abby leapt at her husband, fangs bared.
Chapter Sixteen

Two furred bodies collided. In the instant Abby leapt at Rob, he’d shifted into the beast as well, and he emitted a glottal roar as they collapsed into the snow.
Abby’s mind was filled with a string of images and noise. Although she could still think, her body felt like it had been usurped by some higher power, taken over by some instinct she couldn’t understand. Her senses overwhelmed her as she grappled.
She could smell Lorena’s blood in her nose. Tom’s sweat as he fled through the forest. The musk of her transformed skin. And above it all, she could smell Rob’s breath, laced with the blood of the people he’d killed.
The stench was on his breath and his claws, and she huffed it in as she fought against him, reminding herself of the things he had done.
They rolled across the snow in a heap, each of them clawing and tearing, each trying to get a handhold. The pain in Abby’s leg had subsided into the background, allowing her to focus.
Several times she tried to speak, but nothing came out—only a growl. Her body was larger, different than before, and she had to work to control it. After several seconds of struggle, she managed to roll on top of Rob, and he bucked and writhed beneath her. She pressed against him with the weight of her body.
She glared at the beast below her. His eyes blazed red, and he stared at her as if she were nothing more than prey.
Although Abby was bigger than she’d been before, Rob was stronger, and he hurled her backward and onto the snow. Abby sank into the powder, her fur matted white. Ice clung to her fur and paws. She realized she was no longer cold. The sting of the elements had disappeared after her transformation, as if she was born and bred for the snow.
A snarl drew her attention. She rolled to the side just in time to avoid Rob’s lunging body, and he sank to the earth next to her. She could hear his heartbeat in his chest, and the thump was so loud that for a second she thought it was her own. She took to her feet and faced him, but Rob had already regained his balance.
The two wolves circled each other, hands outstretched, maws open, as if adhering to some ancient ritual. Abby’s eyes penetrated the darkness, searching for an opening. Across from her, her husband did the same. The snow parted and churned beneath their feet. Rob took a menacing swipe, and she ducked to the side, narrowly avoiding it. She returned with a swipe of her own.
They continued the dance for almost a minute, testing each other, each of them waiting for the opportunity to lunge. Abby’s mind was consumed by the battle. In just a few minutes, she’d forgotten about the people her husband had killed, and her mind was fixated on the opponent across from her. It was as if her brain had made the decision to kill, and all that was left was for her body to carry out the orders.
Somewhere in her subconscious, she could smell burned rubber. Tom had reached the car, and was doing his best to free the tires. Rob sniffed the air, as if he, too, sensed the man escaping.
Out of nowhere, Abby’s eyes flitted to Lorena’s corpse. The coppery odor of blood filled her nasal cavity, drifting into her mouth.
This time, instead of making her sick, the scent made her hungry.
She stared back at her husband. Although his claws still hung in the air, she noticed he’d taken a step backward. No words had passed between them, but his message seemed to hang in the air. Join me.
Her nostrils flared, and suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest. It was as if they’d been hovering close by, waiting for her to accept his invitation.
Her mind spun, a revolving wheel of thoughts that spanned the length of her life. She saw her first kiss, her high school graduation, the day she’d met Rob.
Her mind hung on that last memory, and she felt something stir deep within her.
This didn’t have to be the end. It could be the beginning.
Join me. Join us.
Abby felt a swell of emotions building inside her. Despite her best efforts, she was losing the battle. Her fists clenched and unclenched, and her claws dug into her skin. The scent of Lorena’s body next to her was driving her to madness, and she needed to act, needed to do something. Abby let out a guttural roar, bellowing into the air and into the trees around her.
Her husband took a step toward where Tom had fled. Abby’s eyes wandered back to his, but she didn’t move.
She couldn’t do this. She couldn’t be this.
With a snarl, she lunged at her husband.
Abby put her full weight into the pounce, and suddenly Rob was beneath her. She tore at her husband, ripping into his face, his skin, hoping to peel back what she’d become. She felt the hot spurt of blood hit her face, but instead of recoiling, she reveled in it, biting and scratching and tearing until the thing beneath her was little more than a pulp, a tattered carpet of fur and skin.
She could taste the texture of flesh in her mouth, and she rolled it on her tongue, then spat it out, fighting the impulse to swallow.
She continued tearing at him even as the rest of the pack sprang from the trees around her, ripping into her sides and shredding her skin. She was surrounded. No way out.
She tried to fight them off, but the creatures had her flanked on all sides. She saw blobs of fur and eyes, glimmers of teeth and claws, and pain exploded through her body. Her limbs were useless and limp. Despite her struggle, Abby’s consciousness began to slip.
With the last of her energy, she let out one final roar—for herself, for her husband, and for all the people she was powerless to save.
The last thing she heard was Tom’s car in the distance. The tires whirred as it sped off down the road.
At least one of us got away…
 
 
Read on for a preview of
OUTAGE 2: THE AWAKENING AVAILABLE NOW!



Preview of
OUTAGE 2: The Awakening

Prologue

Tom Sotheby pounded the wheel of the SUV, his eyes alternating between the forest and the road. He revved the accelerator, listening to the tires scream, but the vehicle remained hopelessly stuck in the snow. He wasn’t safe. Not yet.
“Come on, you piece of shit!”
Growls and commotion spit from the trees, reminding him of the grisly scene he’d just escaped. He let his foot off the gas pedal, then stomped it again. The wheels spun. Even if he survived the night, he had no idea what would become of him. His wife Lorena was dead. Gutted like a piece of meat. And he was next. 
I can’t believe Lorena’s gone…
And so was Abby.
He felt a pang of sorrow for the girl he’d rescued. She’d been one of them. She’d been bitten, and she’d turned. In the throes of her transformation, she’d thrown herself into the fray and traded her life for Tom’s.
He couldn’t let that be in vain.
He dried his tears and glanced at the passenger’s seat, eyeing the rifle he’d managed to salvage. The gun was empty. Even if it were loaded, it’d be useless against the creatures in the forest. He’d already spent his ammunition and failed. He had no extra rounds.
What the hell were these things?
He’d never seen anything like them. From what he could tell, they used to be human, but they’d become something else—beasts with claws and fur, elongated noses, and pointed teeth. Animals birthed for hunting.
He toggled between reverse and drive. The SUV lurched back and forth. The road was bathed in snow—eight inches, if he had to guess. It’d been difficult to drive a half hour ago, and it was even harder now. He stared through the cracked windshield, watching snow spit from the sky. The wipers scraped back and forth over fractured glass. 
Squeak…squeak…
“Come on!”
The four-wheel-drive was engaged. Even with the extra power, the SUV wouldn’t move. Tom peered through the driver’s side window, certain the beasts were almost upon him. The noise in the forest had ceased. The things had already succeeded in ripping apart Abby, the only other survivor he’d met. 
They’d be coming for him next.
Tom revved the gas again. If he couldn’t get the SUV moving, he’d head out on foot. There was little hope he’d outrun the beasts, but he’d damn well try. Sweat trickled from his brow and adhered to his face. He could see his breath in front of him. Even with the heat on, the vehicle was freezing—the cold pored through the cracks in the windshield, and it fought against the warmth.
The tires spun.
Tom gritted his teeth and grabbed for the empty rifle. He reached for the door handle, ready to flee. He stopped when he saw what was waiting. 
A pack of shadows had emerged from the forest. He saw a glimmer of red eyes, the glint of teeth and claws. The beasts raced toward him. He drew back and mashed the door lock button, then shifted into drive. 
He dropped the rifle in his lap. Slammed the gas pedal.
Move, you son of a bitch!
The vehicle climbed and stopped, climbed and stopped. The beasts were three hundred feet away, spewing from the forest like ants from a dirt mound. He watched as they loped faster, gaining ground. Tom pushed the pedal to the floor.
“Goddammit! If this thing would just—”
The vehicle lurched. Miraculously, the tires grabbed the snow and stuck, and suddenly the SUV was rolling down the snow-blanketed street. Tom’s heart pumped faster with each rotation of the tires.
Holy shit…
The things veered from the woods to the road. Closing in.
Tom couldn’t tell how many there were. At the moment, they were nothing more than a myriad of shadows, a legion of creatures that seemed like they’d come from hell to take him.
Maybe he was in hell. He could think of no better explanation.
The world had transformed from something he knew to something he didn’t. Gone were the familiar, paved streets that he’d known; all that was left was this barren white tundra—the perfect killing ground for the beasts.
The SUV gained momentum, but not fast enough. Tom heard a scraping sound along the driver’s door, and he looked over to find a furred hand at the window. He cried out and let go of the steering wheel, instinctively protecting his face. The thing clawed at the pane, raking its nails along the slippery glass.
“Get away from me!” he shouted.
He snatched the empty rifle from his lap. He knew it wouldn’t do him any good, but his instincts had taken over, and they screamed at him to do something. He held the weapon against the window, as if the mere sight of it would dissuade the beast, but the thing continued to scratch the glass. Its eyes were red and inhuman. 
The vehicle picked up momentum, and Tom fought to stay on the road. The thing growled at him through the window. After a few more moments, the beast slipped from the car. The rest of the creatures lagged behind. He stared at them in the rearview mirror—dark demons with red eyes. Watching. Waiting.
Their motives were simple: they wouldn’t rest until they got to him. 
And when they did, they’d rip him apart.

AVAILABLE NOW!


ABOUT THE AUTHOR:

T.W. Piperbrook was born and raised in Connecticut, where he can still be found today. He is the author of OUTAGE and the CONTAMINATION series. In addition to writing, the author has spent time as a full-time touring musician, touring across the US, Canada, and Europe.
 
He now lives with his wife, a son, and the spirit of his Boston Terrier.
 
 
**REVIEWS**
 
If you enjoyed OUTAGE, please leave a review on your favorite retailer’s site. Leaving a review ensures your favorite sports team will make the playoffs. Okay, that’s not true. But I’d really appreciate it!
 
If you have any questions or comments, you can connect with me at the places below. I’d love to hear from you!
 
Thanks so much for reading!
 
Email: twpiperbrook@gmail.com
Website: www.twpiperbrook.com
Add me on FACEBOOK: T.W. Piperbrook
 
Want to know when the next book is coming out? Sign up for NEW RELEASE ALERTS at: http://eepurl.com/qy_SH
ALSO AVAILABLE BY T.W. PIPERBROOK:

CONTAMINATION ZOMBIE SERIES:

CONTAMINATION PREQUEL
CONTAMINATION 1: THE ONSET
CONTAMINATION 2: CROSSROADS
CONTAMINATION 3: WASTELAND
CONTAMINATION 4: ESCAPE
CONTAMINATION 5: SURVIVAL
CONTAMINATION 6: SANCTUARY
 
WEREWOLF SUSPENSE SERIES:

OUTAGE
OUTAGE 2: THE AWAKENING



