By Graeme Bourke

The Huntsman Series

The Orphan and the Shadow Walker
The Awakening
The Orphan and the Shadow Walker
Pathway to the Truth
Jaram
The Final Journey

THE ORPHAN AND THE SHADOW WALKER
The Awakening

By

Graeme D Bourke

* * *

Published By
Graeme Bourke on Smashwords


THE ORPHAN AND THE SHADOW WALKER
The Awakening
Copyright 2014 Graeme Bourke


Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Note: This is the first book from the Huntsman Series. The second will be put up in a month’s time and the third a month after that. While the first book is free the second and third will have a fee.


Book One

Islabad

The island continent of Islabad is longer than it is wide. Fertile valleys forged by the rivers of pristine water ring the mountain ranges on the east, south and west. Forests of pine and cypress cling to the hillsides. In the west, these forests reach right to the rugged shoreline where the westerly winds whip up ferocious seas.
In the east the forest thins out in places and is dotted with fine grassland and good soil. The huge grassy plains in the north, known as Moorland, are under populated, but rich in cattle, horses and sheep, with a thriving fishing industry.
In the south, Lothia, a fertile land with undulating hills and a patchwork of forests is the largest and the most densely populated of the seven provinces that make up Islabad. Here in the capital city of Haslam on the Tiber River, is where the king, Thomas Letcher, resides in his castle and surrounding city.
Thomas Letcher came to the throne through rivers of blood, he cared nothing for the lives he wasted in his quest to be King of all Islabad, and nothing for the lives that he still took in maintaining his reign over the seven provinces.
Thomas was basking in his own glory, reaping the benefits of his realm with gold, silver and riches beyond his imagination. But there was one thing the king had not accounted for. Previously the seven provinces were independent, had their own kings and queens, and their own bureaucracy. He had inadvertently, by his conquests, united the continent.
In the past, the seven provinces had mostly ignored each other, or fought over trivial border complaints and personal matters. But now they all had a common enemy, something that had never happened before in Islabad. Thomas had sown the seeds for unification, for a united rebellion and all that was needed now was leaders; champions who could use that combined hatred against the king to forge a new land and a new beginning.

* * *

The Battle of Tursy

“Edmond, I can’t see!” There was a moment of fear and panic in Armond’s voice.
Edmond Harland held his father in his arms. His mud-spattered grey beard was streaked with blood that ran down his face from a gash that had peeled his scalp open.
Edmond wiped the blood from his father’s eyes with his sleeve. “There, you can see now.”
“What has happened?” he asked, gasping, knowing full well that he was dying.
“We’ve lost the battle, Father,” said Edmond as his dust-laden eyes drifted across the carnage that lay before him, the carnage of war at its worst. Headless corpses, writhing bodies and the mournful incessant cries for help that rang through the grey mist as it began to swirl around them like a spectre. But there would be no help, only the slashing and stabbing of Lothian swords as they finished them off, one by one.
“You must flee, Edmond, go into the mountains, they won’t find you there,” whispered his father as his voice began to falter.
“This is not over. I will have my revenge.”
Edmond felt the grasp of his father’s hand on his forearm. “It’s over Edmond. Find yourself a place to hide. Become a farmer, do anything, but don’t be a soldier.”
“No, I won’t be a soldier anymore, Father, I promise you that.”
His father’s grip relaxed on his arm and Edmond knew that he had passed from this world. He released his father and stood up gingerly, aware of the wounds to his legs and torso.
Then, from beneath his dirt-encrusted armour he reached for the folded flag his mother had given him. ‘Use it only as a last resort,’ she had said. He found a broken lance, tied the flag to it and drove it into the ground next to his father.
“This will protect you, Father, you and all your compatriots. This field will become hallowed ground for eternity.” With tears in his eyes he turned and limped away and was immediately swallowed up by the eerie billowing mist.

Fifteen years later

“And that was the last time that Edmond Harland, the heir to the throne of Steppland, was seen.”
The captivated audience in the Horse and Hound Inn said nothing. All was still save the crackling of the huge log fire as the middle-aged grey-headed storyteller drained the last of his ale from his mug, burped rudely and slammed the mug back down on the rough wooden table stained with eons of ale and food. He knew they wanted more, wanted to know the rest, but they would not have it just yet.
Elijah peered through the gloom of the flickering firelight at the ragged group of peasants congregated here in the small inn to hear him speak. The odour of burning tallow drifted through the room as the candles smoked, then wavered slightly as the door was opened allowing a wisp of cool night air to circulate into the humid warmth created by the mass of unwashed bodies.
The wooden door creaked on leather hinges as a silhouetted figure entered, closed the door and latched it firmly as if to bar anyone else entrance. 
At first glance Elijah thought it was a boy. But as the figure moved into the light there was no mistaking the fine facial features. He drew in his breath as the young woman came closer. She stared at him with deep ebony eyes. During his fifty years he had seen much that the world had to offer but nothing matched the aura, the beauty and the self-confidence that emanated from this young woman.
She seemed to glide toward him on delicate sandaled feet, moving into the glare of the yellow firelight. No one spoke, no one moved, as all eyes followed the young girl. It was as if she commanded some sort of respect, some sort of obedience.
He could now see her more clearly and guessed her age to be around twenty or twenty one. She was dressed in an off-white coarse blouse that hung down over black baggy trousers. She was above average height and looked a little on the thin side. Even so, she had wide shoulders, a slender waist and well-shaped hips. Her short dark hair was cut in a page-boy style. Her expression of youth and innocence was instantly disarming. Elijah noticed that her skin was golden brown, almost olive, and not the pasty white of the local inhabitants. She was an outsider, different from these people gathered around him.
Finding a gap at the front of the crowd she sat down on the padded dirt floor, crossed her legs and peered up at him with those dark piercing eyes. The quiet was shattered as the fat, balding inn-keeper spoke up.
“Here good, sir, have some more ale and a bite to eat,” he said as he pushed the apple pie closer and filled Elijah’s mug from the pitcher, ending the trance like moment.
The art of story telling was serious business and only a talented few ever really succeeded in earning a living from it. Elijah had refined his technique over many years and knew when to start and stop his tale. Always leave them hanging and never tell them everything was his motto.
He tried to target the smaller villages, the out-of-way places, as the people were friendlier and more prone to supply him with what he needed. Cragmoor was just such a place, nestled at the head of the valley with only one stony track in and out; an easy place to defend if the inhabitants had a mind to.
There were no warriors here though, only simple folk who tilled the land, herded their goats and cattle and generally lived their lives apart from the tyranny that had been unfolding in the lowlands these past fifteen years.
The people here very rarely travelled out of their secluded valley in the north of Steppland. The three hundred souls that lived in Cragmoor were starved of information, so they craved the news and the goings-on in the vast stretches of the empire. In return for his news, his stories and entertainment, the humble villagers gave him board and lodging, ale and fresh food.
Elijah grasped a piece of pie in his thin bony hands and took a bite, it tasted of cinnamon and stewed apple, deliciously fresh. He washed the pie down with some ale and took another piece.
“The flag, what was on the flag?” asked an agitated voice from among the crowd.
“Let him finish eating,” replied the inn-keeper as the second slice of pie disappeared.
“You might well ask what was on the flag, sir,” said Elijah wiping the crumbs from around his mouth with his sleeve. He took another sip of his ale and knew then he had their undivided attention. This was the art of story telling that he loved, the drawing out of the tale, the audience hanging on his every word.
“Thomas Letcher, now king of all the lands,” a murmur rippled through the crowd, “was once a mere sergeant in the Lothian army, but he craved ambition, he craved the power that a leader could have with a well trained and formidable army. His greed and avarice knew no bounds as he worked his way up the chain of command. Those that stood in his way would suddenly fall ill, suffer an accident or were murdered by unknown assailants.
“To further his cause he instigated disturbances across the Lothian borders and then ruthlessly put them down claiming that forces from other provinces had attacked. This in turn created a chain reaction of reprisals from neighboring provinces declaring that they were simply protecting their citizens from Lothian attacks.
“Then, civil war erupted in Lothia. This was exactly what Thomas wanted, giving him the opportunity to cleanse the country, to slay all those who opposed him and shape its people toward his own evil plans and ambitions.
“Thousands died in the war that followed, and Thomas pronounced himself King of Lothia. Then he turned his attention to his neighboring provinces. One by one they fell to his ever increasing army until there was only one left to oppose him, Steppland.”
“Yes, yes, we know all this,” said one of the men closest him. “What about the flag, what was on the flag?”
“I’m coming to that, just be patient.” Elijah took another piece of pie and as he scoffed it down the inn-keeper topped up his mug.
“Steppland had one of the most modern and well equipped armies of all the provinces. They were well trained and disciplined, led by a warrior king, Armond Harland, not a man to be trifled with. He had a fierce temper and knew battlefield techniques better that anyone. But Thomas of Lothia had no intention of playing by the rules. He would use treachery to defeat Armond.
“He began to recruit spies, mostly thieves, vagabonds and general lay-a-bouts looking to make some easy money and hoping to eventually share in the looting of the Steppland cities. Thomas challenged Armond to a deciding battle on the wide fields of Tursy, a place where neither army would have an advantage; a place where the leaders would play out their moves in sight of each other. The best strategist would win the battle.
“Armond suspected that this was a trap, so he kept a third of his army in reserve as he approached Tursy. At the same time he sent out scouts to his left, to his right and to the Lothian camp itself. The scouts reported nothing untoward; there was nothing to arouse their suspicions.
“One thing had him puzzled though, they had seen no peasants, no farmers in the fields and no travellers on the roads. It was as if the whole civilian population had deserted the area where the battle was to be held. While the vast majority of populations nearly always avoided, or fled from, moving armies, there were always a few hardy souls who stayed. He sent out more scouts with specific orders to find some of the local people.
“In the meantime, Thomas, who had at least twice as many men as Armond, sent a quarter of his army, twenty five thousand horsemen, on the long route through Treeland and around the marshes to attack the Steppland capital of Darfor, which he knew from his scouts was only being held by a skeleton force.
“Now to get to the Tursy fields, one has to pass through the mountains of the White Glade, a place of narrow winding roads and steep valleys. Thomas sent most his archers to dig in and hide on the hillsides covering the narrow pass that Armond would have to travel. He then had his troops erect more tents and light more fires during the night. He had men moving about over a wide area of the camp to give the impression that his whole army was there.
When Armond came through the pass Thomas’s archers sent down a fusillade of arrows that darkened the sky like the clouds of a thunderstorm that immediately began to decimate Armond’s ranks. He had no alternative but to charge through the wall of whistling death. There was no time to form a plan, to discuss tactics with his commanders and his son. They had been forced to initiate a full-on charge at the enemy’s forces on the open fields of Tursy.
“At first the battle was even and neither army could make headway. Armond tried to send a message back to his reserves, but none of the messengers made it through as the Lothian army had sealed off the valley behind them. Soon the toll became too great and Armond’s army was gradually reduced to small groups fighting a hopeless fight. Then Armond fell, mortally wounded, his son, Edmond, by his side.
“Through the swirling mist that crept down off the mountains the Lothian solders had surged forward slaying the wounded and those who had yielded in hope for some mercy. But there was none. Then, a group of Lothian soldiers saw the flag, which fluttered even though there was no wind, as if caught up in its own current of air. 
“They stopped in their tracks, instant fear etched on their faces as they looked to each other and then into the encroaching haze. Had it thickened? Was it suddenly alive and reaching out to them? They turned and fled the field shouting wildly to their comrades as they went.
“It wasn’t the white silk flag that had terrified the soldiers, but the black skull that rippled on its surface in that unfelt breeze.”
Elijah saw the older folk immediately cross their chests with their hands and mutter the ancient words, the ancient rites that had been passed down to them from their parents and their parents before them, words to supposedly ward off demons. Their eyes widened and reflected the inner fear they felt.
An old hag with wrinkled, leathery skin and wearing a ragged, brown cloak spoke up; the sound of her croaking voice easily heard above the agitated and restless crowd.
“It’s the sign of a Shadow Walker.”
They all cast their eyes to the old woman and voices became raised. Fear and anguish reflected on their faces as the old stories, the legends that had been passed down to them through the ages, suddenly came to life.
“A Shadow Walker, on the fields of Tursy, impossible,” uttered the inn-keeper. There have been no Shadow Walkers for a century or more.”
“I can only tell you what happened on the fields of Tursy.”
“They say pilgrims visit the site on the anniversary of the battle and have done so for the past fourteen years,” said a short stubby man seated near the fire.
“Yes, it’s now a sacred site, held in trust by the priests of Amah. It was they who cleansed the field that day; who rescued the survivors, tended to the wounded and buried the dead. No one else would dare enter the field while the flag flew. But of a Shadow Walker, they saw nothing. The flag was taken by the priests and locked in a chest in a secret place in the church at Tursy.”
“What is a Shadow Walker?”
The question had come from the young girl dressed like a boy, still seated on the floor. Her voice was soft and sincerely inquisitive; her upturned innocent face reflected the same. Elijah cast his eyes around the crowd; it was suddenly quiet again. How was it, he wondered, that one among them didn’t know anything about Shadow Walkers? Every child grew up with the stories; parents used them like the bogyman to intimidate children when they were mischievous. There were tales of their magic, of their coming in the night and the gruesome deaths that usually followed in their wake.
“Time ladies and gentleman, you have heard enough for the night,” said the inn-keeper as he stood up. “We all have our work to do tomorrow.”
The crowd grumbled as they wanted more. But what the inn-keeper had said was true; each of them had to turn to their trade the next morning to keep the wheels of the village turning.
To Elijah the village seemed prosperous, the people happy, with plenty to eat and drink. It appeared that they were self-sufficient, although they did trade with one of the other villages on the main road some eight hours travel by horse and cart. Here they were able to buy or trade for goods they could not produce, but mostly they kept to themselves.
As the last of the patrons left the candle-lit room the inn-keeper came over and sat down. He poured Elijah another drink. “Stay all night if you let them.”
“Yes, I’m sure they would,” uttered Elijah in agreement.
“Do you really think there was a Shadow Walker on the fields of Tursy?”
“Who knows, but the sight of the flag was enough to scare the hell out of everyone there,” said Elijah, sipping at his ale and deciding that he would make this his last for the evening.
He was sure that the inn-keeper wanted to know more, would ply him with more drink in an effort to tweak a bit more information out of him. To seem to know more than the other villagers improved his standing in the community; it didn’t take much here to become a champion of sorts. Then his thoughts turned to the young woman. Here he was sure was another story.
“The young woman who asked about a Shadow Walker…” Elijah let his voice trail off.
The inn-keeper grasped the urn with his large hairy hand and poured himself a tankard of ale. He took a huge mouthful and his thick jowls quivered. He sat the tankard back down on the table and wiped his whiskery mouth with the back of his hand.
“She has the Sight, that one.”
Now Elijah understood the silent fear that had pervaded the inn when the young woman had walked in. These simple folk, and those not so simple, feared what they did not understand. Visions, or the Sight as it was called, conjured up all sorts of connotations from magic to being the devil’s own work.
“She’s not of your kind?”
“No, she came to this village around fifteen years ago with a warrior fleeing the war. He came with his war-horse, spear and sword and a tiny girl clinging to him. We gave him refuge and hid him from the Lothian soldiers. He stayed in the village, became one of us and earned his keep. Of the girl, he told us nothing.”
“I presume this warrior is still here then?”
“Yes, although his time is almost up, he has been ill for some time. The girl cares for him, treats him with herbs, but it does no good. He won’t last much longer.”
Elijah knew what would happen when the warrior passed on, the villagers would cast the young woman out, chase her from the village, see that she never returned.
“How do you know she has the Sight?”
“It only happened once about five years ago, but it was enough to put the fear through the village. A small boy, Simon Dart, had a habit of playing near the millpond. Mica, that’s the girl’s name, spoke to his mother and warned of the boy’s peril. The inevitable happened; he fell into the millpond and drowned. His mother wanted to blame someone for what had happened; her grief and anguish too much for her to bear alone.
“She accused Mica of witchcraft, of all sorts of things. The girl came back at her accusing her of being a selfish, indulgent woman and that she should have never been blessed with a wonderful child like Simon. She and Simon were friends. He was the only friend she had among the village children. The fire, the spirit in that girl’s eyes that day was something to see.”
Elijah doubted very much that the girl had the Sight, but had simply seen the danger of a small boy playing near the deep water of the mill. You would not have to be a witch or have the Sight to work out what might happen.
He bid the inn-keeper goodnight as he took a candle and found his way to his pallet in the room at the rear of the inn.

* * *

Mica made her way across the darkened courtyard leading away from the inn, the cobblestones firm and hard beneath her leather sandals. The crisp night air felt cool and refreshing through her clothes. The courtyard was the only area that was stoned. It had to bear the weight of the traffic, of horses and carts. The streets leading off the courtyard were at the moment dusty and firm, but in the winter they turned to mud; a thick red ooze that stuck to your shoes like glue.
Walking through the narrow streets her thoughts returned to that terrifying moment almost fifteen years ago when her parents’ entourage was attacked and all were slain. Their bodies and carts ransacked by Lothian soldiers. Mica had survived because of the bravery of one of the soldiers who had hidden her in some rocks. He had sacrificed his life by attacking the Lothian soldiers and drawing them away from her hiding place.
For all of that day and night she had crouched in the rocks, crying, whimpering and longing for her parents who lay dead on the valley floor. In the morning, thirst and hunger drove her from the tiny alcove.
She knelt down in the dust beside each of her parents, closed her eyes and prayed for them. Then she searched for some food and water, all the time keeping an eye on the road. She was scared that the soldiers would come back. Locating some food and water she retreated to her hiding place where she drank and ate her fill. She tried to think what she should do.
While she was embroiled in her thoughts she heard a sound, a rider was approaching, a big man with long dark hair and beard. Both were streaked with grey. He was dressed for battle with armour, a bow, and a quiver of arrows slung over his shoulder. He held a lance in his hand and a sword at his side. He took his time, his eyes searching the surroundings, weighing up the situation. He stopped for a moment and leant forward in the saddle, his eyes squinting through the morning haze. He kicked the sides of the big black horse and rode into the centre of the massacre.
She watched him alight from his horse, draw his sword and check each of the bodies. He stood silently, closed his eyes and mumbled a few words.  She presumed he was praying. He returned to his horse and was about to climb back up into the saddle when Mica stepped out of her hiding place. He saw her and was somewhat surprised to see someone alive.
“These are your people?” he asked in a voice that echoed compassion.
Mica just nodded.
“Your parents are here?”
She nodded again.
He looked around. She could see that he was uncomfortable out in the open, was wary of being trapped.
“I suppose we should bury them, it would be the right thing to do.”
Mica said nothing. She made her way to her father’s side through the long grass, she saw her father’s sword lying next to him. The soldiers must have missed it. Picking it up, she knelt down beside him and closed her eyes. She held the sword out in the palms of her hands. She vowed revenge, vowed to use this very sword to slay the men responsible for this heinous crime. She removed the scabbard from her father’s body, walked over to her mother and repeated the words. She slid the sword into the scabbard, stood up and turned to face the stranger.

She continued through the streets to the house where she lived on the outskirts of Cragmoor. It was built of rounded slatted timber daubed with a mixture of mud and straw with a thatched roof. The barn for the animals was made of split palings. They had a herd of goats, which she took out each day to the pasture on the side of the mountain. She loved those spring, summer and autumn days, in the pastures on the mountain. She loved the gentle breeze, the peacefulness and the scent of the wildflowers.
Attached to the side of the house was a yard. It was walled in by slatted timber. In the yard was a thriving vegetable garden. It was where she had for the last ten-years trained with the sword, never missing a day. She had trained in the pouring rain, in the white numbing frosts and snow-laden ground. Agar had instilled in her the need to be able to do her exercises, to use the sword under all conditions. She had to prepare herself to not be distracted by anything. It was all about the sword, Agar had said, nothing else mattered.
Mica lifted the latch on the rough-axed wooden door and entered the dimly lit cottage. The only light was from the open fire. Huddled in front in an easy chair was Agar, who was but a mere shadow of his former self. He was very sick, that much Mica knew. He had lost so much weight that his clothes hung off him like a rag doll. His face was thin and pale, his beard and hair, snowy white. The coughing had become worse, and now he was spitting up blood.
“Where have you been?”
“To the inn, there’s a storyteller staying there.”
“It’s a wonder they let you in,” he said as he leant forward and went into a fit of coughing.
“I just walked in. They were too scared to say anything.”
“Mica, you must learn to quell your anger,” he whispered as if out of breath. “Try to be humble, and be a little more discrete so as not to draw attention to yourself.”
“They hate me; it wouldn’t make any difference what I did.”
“Well, what do you expect? They think you have the Sight and you go on letting them think so.”
“Have you had your broth?” she asked, changing the subject as she always did.
“Yes, for what little good it does.”
“You should have more before you go to bed; it has some herbs in it that will help you sleep.”
Agar looked down at Mica. She was sitting in front of the fire with her legs drawn up and her arms curled around them. To him she was still a child, still had a long way to go, but he knew that soon she would have to find her own way in the world. Had he prepared her enough? He had given her the benefit of his wisdom. He had taught her how to read and write. He had trained her with the sword till she was a master. Yes, the sword he thought to himself, there somehow, somewhere, lies her future.
He still remembered that first day very clearly. He was on the road fleeing from the Lothian soldiers after the battle of Tursy. How he had escaped he was not sure as he fully expected to be slain, but something happened at the end of the battle as the Lothian soldiers began to slay the wounded.
He had been stunned by a blow to the head and was lying amid the dead and injured. He rose to a sitting position, nausea rippled through his body as he saw the blurred images of retreating Lothian soldiers. He didn’t wait to find out what was going on. He rearmed himself, found a black horse and mounted it, retching as he did. His first thought was to make his way back to the capital but he knew that would be tantamount to suicide. The Lothians would attack the city and it would fall easily as it was undermanned. He also knew that there were traitors within the city of Darfor who would know him, would single him out. Death would be his only reward if he returned. He turned the horse in the opposite direction. Where he was going he wasn’t sure.
When he came to the slaughter on the road he knew it was the work of the Lothians. They never left anybody alive. They were only ever interested in pillaging, raping and killing. Their success, or what they considered a good day’s hunting, was measured by the amount of booty they were able to secure.
The carts and coaches were turned over and there was no sign of the horses. The inside of the carts were stripped bare, trunks laid open and smashed, clothing and cooking utensils lay strewn around the bodies. The soldiers would have been looking for gold and silver hidden in trunks and in the lining of clothing.
He scanned the area around him. Nothing stirred. Not even the birds seemed to favour this place of death. He thought about riding around the scene but he knew he should check the bodies. Someone might be alive, although he doubted it. He dug his heels into the flanks of the horse and moved closer.
Climbing down from the horse he drew his sword knowing he would still be defenseless against a well-placed arrow. He looked around at the surrounding hills. All was quiet, too bloody quiet.
He counted three women and ten armed men. Most of the bodies had arrows in them. It looked like they had been ambushed by the archers and then the horsemen had came in and finished them off. One of the men had fought well, there were four Lothian soldiers lying with him. There was nothing he could do, they were all dead.
 Agar was about to climb back onto his horse when out of the corner of his eye he detected movement. He spun around with his sword ready. He lowered the sword when he saw that it was a girl of about six or seven. She was dressed in silks of green and gold, with long black hair hanging down over her shoulders. She was olive skinned, her eyes ebony and there were tears in those frightened eyes. He spoke to her, asked her some questions but received no reply.
She turned away from him and walked toward the body of a handsome looking man. She stopped some feet from him, bent down and picked up the sword that was lying in the long grass. Then she knelt down beside the body, held the sword in the palms of her hands, closed her eyes and sat silently for at least a minute.
In that moment Agar had time to study the sword. It wasn’t the sword of a common soldier, or even an officer. On the end of the pommel was a large ruby and in the guard and hilt was inlaid, a ribbon of smaller diamonds. The handle looked to be made of ivory or bone and the finely finished two-edged blade glinted in the sunlight. Near the hilt and on the blade was etched the figure of a wild boar, it meant nothing to him and he had no idea what it signified. But there was one thing of which he was sure, this sword, these people, and this young girl were not paupers. They were well off and belonged in the upper echelon of society.
The girl opened her eyes and rose to her feet. She took the scabbard off the man’s body and walked over to the woman. She had the same features, the same olive skin and dark hair as the little girl. This would have to be her mother. She knelt down and held the sword again and closed her eyes. At the time Agar had thought that she was just saying a simple prayer, a last goodbye to her parents, but he was wrong as he found out later.
He buried the two bodies together and covered the shallow graves with a pile of stones. He said a short prayer. He climbed onto his horse and offered the girl his hand. She hesitated, then, with her sword and few meagre belongings she joined him on the horse.

“What is a Shadow Walker?”
Agar’s flagging eyes opened as he stared down at Mica still hugging her knees by the fire.
“Where did you hear of a Shadow Walker?”
“At the inn, from the storyteller.”
“What did he say?”
“Only that there was a Shadow Walker present on the day of the battle at Tursy and that he left a flag on the field.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” he said, laughing to himself. That was why the Lothian soldiers had fled the battlefield thus allowing him to escape.
“He said that Edmond Harland placed the flag there.”
“Impossible,” grunted Agar.
“So it’s not true?”
Agar had known the young prince. They had met several times during his training at the army camp and were on speaking terms. But why would Edmond place the white flag with the black skull, a sign of a Shadow Walker, on the fields of Tursy? Shadow Walkers were ancient legends of times gone by, of intrigue and of supposed magic. Almost everyone in Islabad knew the stories, knew what the flag meant, although he had never seen one or known of anyone who had seen one. Shadow Walkers were prevalent a hundred years ago and according to stories they would hoist their flag whenever they were in an area where there was killing to be done.
 “Well, someone may have placed the flag there to scare the Lothians, but I doubt it was Prince Edmond,” Agar replied thoughtfully.
“You knew Prince Edmond?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know he wasn’t the one who put the flag there?
“I don’t, but tales of old tell us Shadow Walkers were assassins, some saw them as avenging angels and others saw them as murderers. People feared them because they came in the night and whenever their flag was seen someone was always slain, someone always died. Edmond was a fine young man, a fair man, a fighting soldier, he wasn't a ruthless killer. Anyway, they haven’t existed for at least a hundred years.”
“Do you know what happened to them?”
“I’m not sure, but I believe, as in the case of all humans that there are good and bad, there were good and bad Shadow Walkers. They supposedly ended up fighting each other, and so began their decline, until they disappeared for ever.”
“That may be so, but what if this flag was a warning, a sign that Shadow Walkers still exist?”
“Then why hasn’t, he or she come forward? Why haven’t they allowed themselves to be seen? They don’t exist, Mica, not now anyway. Someone must have put the flag up knowing the Lothian soldiers would be scared shitless.”
“Sounds feasible,” said Mica as she stretched her arms and stood up.
“It’s the only explanation. Storytellers have a way of making tales sound far more mysterious than they really are.”
“Yes, you’re probably right.”
Agar sat quietly watching the passive face of Mica as she stared into the flames of the fire. He knew she had something else on her mind. He waited for her to speak.
“Agar, why is it that some people have one name and others have two?”
This question was easy.
“In years gone by, many years I might add, most of the provinces of Islabad had very little to do with each other. Each province developed its own culture. The poorer, more sparsely populated places only used one name, ancient names to address each other. These were Moorland, Westland, Treeland, and the northern part of Steppland. In Lothia, Gongway, and Moran, the more heavily populated trading provinces; they used two names, most of these names originated from lands across the sea.
“It also became a sign of status, the richer more affluent people held two names, although times have changed and you now find other people using two names, ordinary people. Using two names has a practical application as well, just imagine if there were a hundred Agars in one village, it would become confusing.”
“I have a feeling that I have two names, but I can’t remember what the other one is.”
“Well, it’s likely you have a second name as your parent’s belongings were more than those of simple peasants; they were obviously well-to-do people.”
“If I could remember my second name it might help me find out who I am.”
“Yes, it might indeed.”
Mica leaned forward and kissed him gently on the forehead. “I’m going to bed. What about you?”
“I think I will sit some more.”
“Good night then.”
Mica made her way across the padded earth floor to her cordoned off bunk in the corner of the one-roomed cottage. She slipped off her sandals and wriggled her way beneath the goat hair blankets, shaping the straw mattress to her body.
“Make sure you take some broth before you go to bed.”
“Yes, Mica,” replied Agar, letting his mind slip back to that day on the battlefield.
He tried to recall every detail, every thought, the soldiers fleeing, the bodies, the cries for help from the depths of the mist as it shrouded the fields. The mist! That was what he had failed to remember. The day had been perfectly clear, bright sun and virtually no wind, yet, at the time of his escape the mist had surrounded him, aided him in his escape.
Since he was a small boy he had heard the tales, the stories of Shadow Walkers, of their magic, but to believe that one had been on the fields of Tursy and existed at this very moment was too much for his mind to comprehend. He tried to recall those stories from so long ago. The Shadow Walkers were supposed to have originated from somewhere in the vast inland territories high in the mountains. There was a tribe known as Manutes who lived there and still do even to this very day. Edmond’s mother had come from one of these tribes, a beautiful lady who was totally devoted to her family. He wondered if she managed to escape Darfor after the battle of Tursy. He also wondered if this was some sort of link to the past, through Edmond, through his mother, to those tribes, and finally, to the birthplace of the Shadow Walkers.
Agar began to cough, a deep rasping cough that pained his chest. Soon, he would join his comrades who had died on the field of Tursy. He still had one more task to complete, he must see to Mica’s future, for once he passed away he knew the villagers would turn her out.
He thought of the storyteller Mica had listened to, maybe, just maybe, he might be the person to take her from here. Storytellers were usually well versed in what was going on. They knew the places to avoid, how to make their way past the bandits, Lothian soldiers and those in the cities that would rob and take advantage of a young woman like Mica. He knew Mica was hardened by her past, hardened by the vow of revenge she had made with the sword for the death of her parents. She was no pushover, still, he would feel better if he knew she was traveling with someone who could add to her wisdom and guide her.
Tomorrow he would talk to Mica, explain to her it was time to leave, time to seek out her destiny. Agar leant forward and scooped a cup of warm broth from the pot. He sipped at it. Mica made a good broth, knew which herbs gave it flavour. He was going to miss her, she was like the daughter he never had.
The next morning, before Mica left with the goats, Agar told her of his plan, of his thoughts.
“No!” said Mica. “I’ll not leave you, not while you still draw breath in this world.”
“Stubborn, stubborn through to the bone you are,” he said with some frustration. “Listen to me, for what I say is true.”
“I know one day I will have to leave, but that time has not come yet,” said Mica, storming out of the cottage. She gathered the goats and made for the fields on the side of the mountain.
Mica didn’t stay on the pasture all day as she normally did. She wasn’t in a good mood, she knew in her own mind that this part of her life was coming to an end, would end with the death of Agar. While she never had any intention of staying in the village, it had been her home for the last fifteen years, a way of life that she had become used too.
On the way down from the mountain, with the goats being a little testy and somewhat reluctant to leave the pasture, she collected some more wild herbs. They would help ease Agar’s coughing.
When she arrived back at the cottage in the middle of the afternoon she noticed that there was no smoke coming from the stone chimney. This was unusual. Agar always had the fire smouldering away ready for the evening meal. She quickly penned the goats and went inside. The hessian over the windows was still drawn. Agar was in bed. He looked up at her as she entered. His eyes were bloodshot, his skin, even paler.
She said nothing. Her small hands drew the stiff cloth aside at the windows to let in more light. Then she lit the fire and boiled some water. She would make some more broth with the herbs she had collected. She would add some of the salted goat’s meat to the broth to give it some body. Agar hardly ate anything, he was wasting away.
It was then that Agar spoke; his breathing was short, almost gasping in fact. “Tonight you must go to the inn and ask the storyteller to come and see me.”
“Yes, Master,” replied Mica with some resignation.
“I’m not your master,” grumbled Agar.
It was a phrase Mica used when she was angry with him.

* * *

Elijah slept well, even enjoying the luxury of sleeping past the rising of the sun. In the end hunger drove him from his pallet. After a hearty breakfast of bacon and eggs he went for a stroll around the village, nodding and bidding good morning to the folk as they went about their business.
Stalls in the market place were open, carts were rumbling over the cobblestones, workers could be seen in the fields where there was corn growing, smoke spiraled from the humble timber cottages with their thickly thatched roofs. The smell of cooking and baking wafted through the air as he passed close by some of the houses. It reminded him of a time long ago when he lived in a house, had a family; had a reason to work and goals to achieve. Now there was nothing, just the open road and the sky for his roof.
He left the town and followed a trail alongside a bubbling brook with trout basking in the sun, trout that would dart away when his shadow fell on the water. He strode past some waterfalls, climbing as he went. He came out onto a rocky outcrop, and sat down to admire the view of the purple snow capped mountains, the village below and the distant fuzzy horizon.
It was then he heard the bells, musical chimes pleasant to the ear. He looked up and across the small valley on the other side he saw a herd of goats. Some had bells around their necks making it easier for the herdsman to keep them together. There were fifteen or twenty in various colours of black, white and brown. At first he could see no one with them, then, he saw the nimble figure jumping from rock to rock as if searching for something. It was the girl from last night. For some reason he found it hard to believe this young woman was a mere goat herder. Her beauty, her carriage suggested more. He wondered if she would return tonight to listen to his stories.
That evening the girl returned. She said nothing and no one spoke to her as she sat on the floor, apart from the crowd. Elijah detected a more sombre tone in the girl’s demeanor. She seemed listless; her eyes strayed and flickered whereas the night before they were fixed and alert. It was as if she was distracted, as if she was here against her will.
At the end of the evening the girl lingered and then approached him when he was finally alone.
“My master wishes to speak with you.”
So that was it, her master had sent her.
“I believe your master is ill.”
She raised her eyebrows knowing then that he had inquired of her. “Yes, otherwise he would have come himself.”
“What does your master want with a lowly storyteller?”
“I will come for you in the morning,” she replied, ignoring his question.

Elijah was up early, had breakfast and was waiting when the girl turned up. He was intrigued by this young woman. She was dressed simply in billowing dark blue trousers that came down to her ankles, a clean off-white blouse that was far too big for her. The sleeves were rolled up and the shirt-tails were tied in front, revealing the smooth golden brown of her stomach. The men in the inn stared at her with lust in their eyes, the women with hatred and scorn. She ignored them completely.
“Are you ready?”
“Yes,” replied Elijah, following her out into the bright sunlight.
“You have no love for these people?” he said, hoping that she would respond in some way.
“These are not my people.”
“That is obvious as your skin is different, darker. Where are you from?”
“That is what I hope to find out one day.”
He could only deduce that the young woman had no idea of her origins. The mystery grew deeper. She led him to the outskirts of the town, to a small rundown cottage, opened the door and ushered him inside.
It was a typical one-roomed cottage of the peasant, beds at one end, fireplace at the other, a wooden table and chairs in the centre. Sitting in a low chair in front of a fire was the remnant of a man. Once he would have been tall, broad shouldered and strong, now he was thin and bent. He still had the hint of broad shoulders but now they were rounded and his clothes hung loosely on him. His face was ashen, his eyes blood red. His voice was but a whisper when he spoke.
“Thank you for coming, my name is Agar.”
The girl turned and walked from the cottage, his eyes followed her as she left and then returned to stare at Elijah.
“She is angry with me.”
“Women are like that, pretending to be angry when they are not. They use it to cover their emotions.”
“I see that you are a man of experience in the ways of women.”
“No man can ever be fully versed in the ways of the opposite sex.
“That is very true, sir,” said Agar with a pain-filled smile.
“You wish to talk with me?”
“Your name is, Elijah, and you are a storyteller, a man who travels the continent of Islabad, a man who knows the country, its vices and its dangers?”
“Yes, I have travelled this land for nigh on twenty years.”
“Please, take the weight off your feet, excuse my belated hospitality,” said Agar, as he took in the dress and features of the storyteller.
He was short, solid in the body and gave the impression of strength. His skin was brown, tanned by the years of the sun and weather. He was clean-shaven and smelled of lavender; he must have just had a bath at the inn.
On his feet were good strong boots, needed for tramping around the countryside. He wore clean, neatly pressed black trousers, and a grey long-sleeved shirt. A wide belt held a knife in its scabbard. Over the top of his shirt he wore a warm vest of lamb’s wool that came down to the top of his thighs.
Agar guessed his age to be around fifty. He had long, wavy grey hair that hung down over his shoulders. His brown eyes showed a sign of wariness. Agar had noticed the subtle shift in them when he first entered the cottage.
Elijah sat down in the rickety wooden chair next to him. “The girl has rare beauty,” he said with an unexpected softness in his voice.
“If she could learn to tame her arrogance and her anger, she might make a fine wife for somebody one day. She is an excellent cook.”
“But there are things she needs to do before she considers marriage?” said Elijah, sensing an underlying current.
“Let me tell you what I know of her. She’s an orphan. Her parents were slain in a Lothian ambush when she was a child. I found her and brought here. She is a young woman of some bearing; her parents were merchants, maybe, or even royalty, but who they were or where they came from I have no idea.”
“Surely the girl remembers something?”
“If Mica has memories of her past she has never spoken of them.”
“She strikes me as having deep emotions and a sense of belief in herself.”
“You are right in your assumptions. You see, she has made a vow to slay those who killed her parents.”
“Does she know who killed them?”
“I believe so, though she has never confided in me.”
“She doesn’t have a chance. She is but a mere wisp of a girl.”
Agar laughed to himself. “Please, sir, take a look out yonder window.”
Elijah stood up and strode over to the window. Out in the wood-slatted yard he saw Mica. She was barefoot and had a sword in her hand. He watched, transfixed as she went through the exercises. She moved with the grace of a dancer but with lightning speed, so much so the blade of the sword was but a blur.
“For four hours every day, whether it be raining or snowing she has trained for ten years. She can’t be distracted.”
Elijah recognised the movements, he had seen master swordsmen complete these exercises before. “You have taught her this?”
“As much as I can, but I fear now she has out-mastered the master.”
“She must have incredible willpower.”
“Revenge can be a very powerful tool.”
“It can also be a burden.”
“Yes, but I don’t think its revenge alone that drives her.”
Elijah took one last look at the young woman and returned to his seat.
“You will stay for lunch?” asked Agar. “I have some fine wine and a good stew on the boil.”
“Yes, why not,” replied Elijah as he stretched himself out in the chair.
When Mica entered she saw them there, chatting like old friends and drinking wine. She placed the sword under one of the bunks out of sight, dunked her head into a basin of water and dried off her hair.
“You should not be drinking,” she said, pushing her way between them to attend to the fire, which had almost gone out.
“Elijah has consented to be our guest for lunch.”
“Has he now,” said Mica, lifting the lid on the blackened pot that hung over the fire. She gave the stew a stir with the wooden spoon. The aroma of the herbs and spices wafted through the room.
Elijah was pleased that he had stayed. The wine was excellent, the food exceptional and the conversation with Agar enlightening. Mica said nothing. She stayed aloof and did not join in the conversation. It didn’t seem to worry Agar that she was thus.
As Elijah bid his farewell, after far too much wine, he wondered why the old warrior had summoned him. He had given no reason for the invitation, except to tell him of Mica’s past, to show him her skill. And it was formidable skill the like of which he had never seen before. He had no doubt that she had the aggression and the ability to complete her revenge, but could she kill someone? She would also require other skills, skills of diplomacy, of cunning and ingenuity. He had promised Agar that he would return tomorrow, maybe he would find out more about this mysterious Mica.
“Did you ask him?”
“No, when the time comes he will know,” mumbled Agar who was nodding off in the chair.
Mica would get no sense from him now. For the first time in a long time he had eaten well, had smiled, had been like the Agar of old. To have some company had been good for him. But she knew in her own mind that Agar was struggling, that soon she would be on her own. It came sooner than she thought it would.
It was in the early hours that she was woken by the gasping cry of Agar calling her. She leapt from the bunk, almost falling, still half asleep as she stumbled to his bunk. She knelt beside him and took hold of his waving hand.
“Mica, my time has come. Take the sword and your book, leave this place,” said Agar in a whisper, his voice fading.
“No, not yet Agar, I need you.”
“It is time for you to move on, time for you to search out your past.”
Agar’s body went rigid his eyes reflected sudden pain. He shuddered and his life slipped away.
Mica rested her head on his chest, the tears flowing freely. She stayed like that until the dawn light began to creep through the windows. Then, she stood up, straightened her stiffened body and wiped the tears from her eyes.
With slow deliberation she gathered her sword, found some leather binding and wrapped it around the jewels on the handle of the sword. There were robbers and thieves out there and she didn’t need to give them any excuses. In her shoulder pack she stowed the book, her most treasured possession that she had retrieved from the overturned carts of her parent’s entourage, a change of clothes and some food. She slipped on a pair of strong calf-length boots.
Beneath Agar’s bunk she dug into the ground and retrieved the leather money pouch that was buried there. She poured the coins out on the floor and separated the gold from the silver, the silver coins she put back in the pouch, the gold she slipped into a hidden sleeve on the inside of her boots.
Then, she made her way outside, opened the gate for the goats to exit the yard. They milled about, waiting for her as they did each day.
“Go,” she yelled angrily, “you’re free.”
They continued to stare at her, bleating in confusion. She picked up some stones and threw at them and they took off, their hooves clattering on the stone pathway.
Returning to the cottage she found Agar’s sword and longbow, the sword she laid beside him, the long bow she decided to keep, along with its few arrows. Then she went over to the fire, stirred the hot ashes and added some fine kindling. Once the fire was blazing she took a bundle of grass, bound it together and placed the end in the fire. With the torch burning she proceeded to set the house alight.
She dropped the torch, picked up her belongings and strapped the sword to her belt. “Farewell, Agar, we will meet again some day.”

* * *

Elijah was eating his breakfast when a commotion outside attracted his attention, people were running towards the outskirts of town, yelling and pointing. He peered out the window to try and see what was going on. He saw black smoke billowing into the clear blue sky. It was a fire, something that was greatly feared in most villages as the houses were built from dry timber and grass. A fire under the right conditions could sweep right through a village.
He finished off his breakfast, went outside and watched the smoke forming into black eerie shapes high in the sky. It was then he saw her striding toward him, wearing a broad-brimmed floppy hat, her stern eyes peering out from beneath its rim. She had a sword and dagger strapped to her waist and she carried a pack on her back.
“Gather your things, storyteller, I need a guide.”
Elijah was about to say something, to ask her what was going on when he saw her hand resting on the pommel of the sword. He also noticed angry eyes staring at Mica, and at him. Maybe it was time he left. He quickly gathered his own pack and they both left under the glare of the irate villagers.
“What did you do?” he asked as they quickened their pace on the dusty, rocky road south of the village.
“Agar passed away last night. I gave him a warrior’s farewell.”
He knew what that meant, a funeral pyre, she had set the house alight. That was why the villagers were angry. They would be even more so if the fire spread to the other houses nearby.
“I suggest we put as much distance as possible between us and the village,” said Mica, striding ahead of Elijah.
For the next four hours they walked along the uneven rocky trail in silence, the stream that flowed down from the plateau where the village was sited bubbled beside them.
They met no one, saw no one. Mica never said a word. They paused for a drink at a tiny rivulet that crossed the road where the trail was hemmed in by steep cliffs.
“Where are we going?” enquired Elijah, wiping the refreshing water from his chin.
Mica had no idea where she was going. The answer she gave him came from the back of her mind, from that part of her that was instinctive. She could think of no reason why she gave him the answer she did.
“We are going to the fields of Tursy.”
“Tursy!” exclaimed Elijah as Mica walked off.
They paused many times for a drink as the heat of the sun beat down on them. They never stopped for long. They ate dried meat that she had packed as they walked, which only increased their thirst. When the evening came Elijah suggested they find a campsite. He was bushed. He wasn’t used to moving at the pace Mica was keeping. He usually set his own speed, which was much slower and steadier.
The campsite they selected was sheltered by huge limbs from some pine trees and was bordered and partially ringed by large round boulders. They were high above the road and they had a clear view through the gap in front of them.
“Is it safe to have a fire?” asked Mica, as she slipped her pack off, immediately showing some relief on her face.
“Yes, but once we hit the main road it would be wise not to light a fire as there are bandits and Lothian soldiers patrolling the road.”
“How do you normally avoid them?”
“Sometimes I travel with caravans, sometimes with the soldiers themselves, they like to hear stories as well. If I’m on my own I avoid the roads.”
They began gathering some wood, lit the fire, and then ate some goat cheese and dry bread washed down with a pot of hot tea.
“How far is it to Tursy?” asked Mica, leaning back against her pack and peering up into the starlit sky.
“Two weeks if we walk all the way, quicker if we can talk someone into giving us a ride. Why do you want to go to Tursy?”
“To find the Shadow Walker,” she replied, without even thinking about why she had said it.
“You jest of course.”
“Of course,” she replied as she retrieved her blanket and spread it over herself and snuggled down as best she could on the hard ground with her head resting on her pack.
“Goodnight, Elijah.”
Mica was tired as she had driven herself today. She had wanted to be far away from the village, far away from the memories, both good and bad. This was a new chapter in her life and she was keen to seek out her past, and most of all, to seek revenge on those who had slain her parents.
Though it was so many years ago now, that day was still vividly imprinted in her mind. Her father had been defending himself against two opponents. One of them was enraged when her father chopped the tip of his nose off with his sword. This man was marked and would be easily found.
The second man she remembered was their leader. He had a long, thin, cruel face that was pockmarked. She recalled his grey eyes, riveting and glaring; there was no compassion in them, only a glazed madness. She would know him instantly if ever she saw him again. In a matter of minutes she was sound asleep.
Elijah sat in front of the fire enjoying its warmth. There was a chill in the air. He peered across at Mica. This morning when she had approached him he hadn’t faltered, hadn’t paused to think about what he was doing, he had just picked up his gear and left with her.
The previous day when he met Agar he had sensed that the old warrior wanted something from him. Even though he never asked for anything Elijah knew he had told him Mica’s story for a reason. Storytellers have one weakness. They always want another tale to tell. It is like a never ending competition, each trying to out do the other, each trying to come up with a better, more compelling tale to tell.
To have an audience spellbound by some true and daring tale was the pinnacle of the storyteller’s art. It also gained them better food and lodgings. This was why he would accompany her, why they would take this journey together. He would live this story and be able to retell it in every detail.

* * *

Thomas Letcher, King of Islabad, king of the seven provinces that made up the continent, stood stiffly and arrogantly on the stone steps of the courtyard. He was tall and well built, but rounding slightly from too much of the good life. He wore a tunic of fine red silk. He very rarely wore the old clothes and armour of his soldiering days.
Brown eyes beneath bushy eyebrows stared angrily at the scene before him. Six men, six traitors knelt with their hands bound. A soldier stood beside each of them with a heavy sword. His thin lips curled beneath the goatee beard. As he nodded the soldiers raised their swords and brought them down on the necks of the men. Heads rolled onto the yellow sand of the courtyard, blood spurted from the severed necks as each of the men slowly rolled sideways onto the ground.
The king turned and walked back into the palace, past the huge marble columns followed by one of his ministers dressed in black. Abraham, a small chubby, round-faced man who walked with a sideways scuff of one leg, courtesy of a battlefield injury on the fields of Tursy, was his minister for finance. All the king’s ministers were identified by their black clothing. They were his old friends; those who had stood beside him from the very beginning. Goran Keech, the huge broad shouldered general who saw to the king’s law in his kingdom also followed.
Very rarely did Thomas venture into the field now, it was beneath him, and besides, they were not really battles anymore. These insurrections, these small defiant rumblings could be handled by his generals. He had defeated all those who had risen against him some fifteen years ago, well, maybe not everyone. The Manutes still held their lands in the mountains.
 “Tell me, Abraham, how are our finances.”
“Very good, Your Majesty, since raising the taxes we have been able to virtually fill the coffers.”
“That is excellent news,” replied Thomas.
“What about the fleet?”
“The hulls are being prepared and we have gathered slaves from all the provinces to complete the work.”
Thomas intended to raise a fleet of merchant ships to further his trade with nations on the other side of the sea. On these ships would be spies whose task it would be to assess the military capabilities of those new trading nations.
At the same time he was going to build a navy and troop ships that could carry his armies across the sea. He intended to enlarge his kingdom and gain more riches for himself. He would be the greatest king to have ever existed in Islabad and beyond.
“You may leave us, Abraham,” said Thomas as he and Goran approached a set of intricately carved arch-shaped wooden doors. Two broad shouldered guards with sharpened spears stood either side of the doors.
Abraham bowed and scuffed off back down the corridor.
“Goran, what is going on in the provinces?” he inquired, stepping through the doors into a sumptuous room with huge floral carpets on the floor, with tapestries and paintings adorning the walls. A mural of a battle scene was painted on the curved ceiling. It depicted Thomas in the heat of battle with frenzied eyes and a sword dripping with blood.
Thomas sat down on the soft, deer-hide lounge while Goran remained standing.
Goran waited until the king was comfortable before he spoke. “Naturally they are grumbling about the new taxes, we have had to make some examples, some small adjustments and changes in leaders in some of the cities, towns and villages.”
Thomas waved his hand, summoning the petite young woman with long dark hair who stood in the background.
“Some wine for myself and the general.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” replied the young woman.
She turned and left the room. He watched her leave, admiring her tiny buttocks beneath the tight fitting blue dress, at the same time he felt a stirring in his loins. When the general left he would have his way with her.
“Sit down, General, make yourself at home.”
Goran sat down. Most of his time was spent in the field, the sky was his roof, the dirt and grime beneath his feet the floor, and his horse his only means of travel. The king always had him on the move, travelling from province to province. There was always someone to kill, someone to reprimand and bandits to chase.
“Everything is under control in the provinces then?”
Goran sensed the underlying aspect of the king’s inquiry. Nothing had changed in the last fifteen years; there were just as many bandits, just as many dissidents and traitors. It was never ending and would probably be that way for ever. His reply was guarded.
“Sire, we have it under control.”
“That is good to hear.”
The young woman returned with a decanter of wine and two fine, gold embossed wine glasses. She poured out the wine and then stood back behind Thomas. What would Goran give to have this woman, to have but a mere fraction of the king’s wealth and luxury? His life more than likely, for the king allowed no one else to accumulate great wealth; his spies were numerous and virtually everywhere. Anyone found cheating the king or aspiring to live as he did was instantly stripped of everything and thrown into the streets to live as a beggar, if they were lucky. He waited for the king to take his drink first as it was considered bad manners to eat or drink before the king, as some had found out by losing their heads.
“To your health, Goran, may you always be around to slaughter my enemies.” Thomas raised his glass and sipped at his wine, Goran followed.
“Now, there is a matter we need to discuss, the pilgrimages to Tursy. In three weeks it will be the anniversary of the Tursy battle. So far I have been lenient with these pilgrims. I want them harassed, turned away. If you have to slay a few of them, so be it. This has gone on too long.”
“There will be many thousands of them, Sire, and the priests will not be happy.”
“For fifteen years we have been living under the apparition of the events at Tursy. In fifteen years nothing has eventuated. It is time to end it, time to slay the mythical dragon, Goran. I want the priests of Tursy turned out, the flag they keep in their archives destroyed, burned in front of their very eyes. If they resist, kill them.”
Goran could envisage no problems dealing with the pilgrims, or turning the priests out and destroying the flag, but he did have a problem with slaying the priests. He knew they would resist. To them the fields of Tursy and the flag were as sacred as to the pilgrims, to the peasants. This could spark a major uprising.
“Sire, we have never killed priests before.”
“There is always a first time for everything. I would suggest that you take plenty of men. You might take Captain Penner with you as well.”
It was framed as suggestion but Goran knew it was an order. Stag Penner was a ruthless individual who killed for pleasure. He was almost uncontrollable when he went into one of his rages. Goran hated him. It was also the king’s way of informing him that he was keeping an eye on him, sending someone with him to make sure the job was done properly.
“It will be a pleasure to have him with us, Your Majesty.”
The king sipped his wine. “Let’s talk no more of work, how is your family?”
“Fine, Sire, my two boys are garrisoned in the province of Treeland. I receive messages from them regularly. The wife is happy with her daughter by her side. She is some comfort to her while I’m away.”
For the next hour they talked of family, friends, of the local gossip and emptied the decanter of wine. By then the king’s mind had strayed as well as his hands whenever the young maiden came near him. It didn’t matter to the king that he was married. The queen was very rarely at the palace. She preferred to stay at their residence closer to the coast with the children, a boy and girl in their early teens. The king obviously preferred it that way too. The king finally dismissed him. Goran left to prepare his troops for the journey and the inevitable slaughter at Tursy.
Thomas stood up and removed his clothes. He beckoned the young woman to the lounge and made her bend over with her upper body resting on the rear of the couch. She knew what to expect, knew what to do. He lifted her dress and guided himself to her. Then he curled her long dark hair in his hands as if he was holding the reins of a horse.
“You are my horse. I’m riding you, neigh bitch!”

* * *

The robed and hooded figure stood back in the shadows beneath the balcony of the palace. He waited patiently. He knew that the king would keep him waiting, he always did. It was his way of saying that he was in charge and that he had control of the situation, but in reality, he did not.
Many times over the years the king’s men had followed him in the hope that they could find out his identity, but they were no match for his skill. He either lost them through the narrow streets, or if they came too close, he killed them. His identity was his secret, his security, his means of escaping from the grasp of the king if he ever needed to. Also, if the king ever fell from power he would be safe as no one would be able to find him and to take revenge for those he had sent to their death.
He was the king’s spy, a sleuth of many disguises who mingled with the population and reported on those who would plot against him. For this he was paid well and in gold. One day he would take his gold and disappear and no one would ever be able to find him. There were other continents and other places in the world. He had heard of them, heard the sailors talking in the taverns and inns of lands across the sea with temperate climates and beautiful women.
The only problem with working in disguise was the risk he took in being taken, tortured, or killed by the king’s men, as he would not be able to reveal who he was, would have no proof as such. But it was a risk he was willing to take. 
He was dragged from his thoughts as he detected movement on the balcony, saw the king lean over and throw the leather pouch of gold into the shadows at his feet. This was the one time when he was most vulnerable. If Thomas chose to he could lay a trap and have him arrested. As a matter of fact, he had tried this some years ago, but as it happened, as he often did, he used a messenger, a young lad among several he had in his employ in one of his alternative identities. Thomas was wise enough not to try that again as he now realised the value of this independent source of information. He did not want to lose it. 
He picked up the pouch and quickly made his way back into the city, not opening it until he was back in his room. He took the gold coins from the pouch and hid them in his cache beneath the floorboards then he read the note.
The list of traitors you sent me, have been slain. I want you to go to Tursy and stay there until after the pilgrimage.
His letter was short and to the point as always. Every year he went to Tursy but once the pilgrimage was over he usually left with his list of suspects, but this year the king wanted him to stay on. Why? What was going to happen in Tursy this year that demanded his attention past the event?

* * *

Mica dragged herself from her sleep. She had slept well apart from the fact that she had tossed and turned somewhat on the hard ground, but now she was reluctant to wake up, reluctant to move from beneath the warmth of her blanket.
Her body was stiff and sore from the previous day’s hiking and from sleeping on the hard ground. She could smell the smoke from the fire. Opening her eyes, she saw Elijah sitting in front of a small fire boiling some tea.
This had been her first night away from the village, the first time in fifteen years that she had woken without Agar. She would miss him dearly. Even though she mourned his loss there was an element of excitement within her. What lay ahead? The one thing she needed, the one thing she yearned for was to learn of her family, to know where they had come from and to find any living relatives, if there were any.
Also, there was the other path that she had to follow, the path of revenge. Where would that lead her? For some reason she had wanted to go to the fields of Tursy. Why, she was unsure, but she knew that it was imperative that she follow her feelings, follow her instincts.
The sun, bright and golden, was just broaching the hill and sending warm rays of light into the forest, but the morning still had a chill, a refreshing crispiness to it. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky. It was going to be another fine day.
“Good morning, Elijah.”
Elijah noticed the familiarity in Mica’s use of his name. She had used it last night before going to sleep. This was something he hadn’t been prepared for and it brought back memories of another time, a time that had been buried deep in the recesses of his mind. He drove the memories from his thoughts. There was no use in dwelling on the past.
“And good morning to you, Mica, the tea is ready.”
Mica threw off her blanket, stood up and stretched the stiffness from her body and made her way to the fire. Elijah handed her a hot mug of tea.
“How far is it to the main road?”
“We will reach it about mid morning and then we’ll wait for a caravan. It’s too risky travelling on our own, there are bandits about; they seem to be everywhere at the moment.”
“Can’t the Lothian soldiers keep them under control?”
“They try but whenever the soldiers turn up they flee high into the mountains, wait there until they are gone and then come back down again. It’s usually the villagers that suffer, the soldiers blame them, accuse them of assisting the bandits. They burn a few houses, kill some of the men and rape the women.”
Elijah finished off the last of his tea, stood up and began packing away his gear while Mica sipped at her tea and looked down into the gentle sloping valley and the faint trail that divided it. The hills here were heavily wooded with a forest of giant firs that reached high into the sky. The road disappeared into the forest at the end of the valley.
Three hours of easy walking through the forest saw them at the main road, which wasn’t much different than the trail they had been on. It was just another twin rutted track. They moved back away from the road and into the edge of the forest where they could easily see but would not be seen themselves. They drank from their water bags, sat down, chewed on some dried meat and waited.
“Which way do we go?”
“South towards the capital, Darfor.”
“Tell me about Steppland, Elijah?”
“Steppland is so named because it is situated in the centre of the great continent of Islabad. It has no ports to the sea like the other provinces. It relies on trade with its neighbours for commodities that it can’t produce itself.
“A third of Steppland is high mountains, so high that the snow never melts; so high that very few people ever venture there, although there are tribes called Manutes that live on the fringes of the mountains. They tend to shun the normal world, are fierce fighters and bare no allegiance to anyone except themselves.
“After the battle of Tursy, the king sent an army into the mountains. They suffered numerous defeats. The tribes were able to defend their land. The king gave up on them, conceding that the land they held was valueless and not worth the trouble to conquer. As long as the tribes stayed where they were and gave him no trouble he was prepared to forget them.
“They say that the Queen of Steppland, Isabella, came from the mountain tribes; was born there. She was a rare beauty, a woman of stature, a shrewd woman who knew how to handle men, knew how to rally the people.”
“Even to their deaths?”
“Yes. The people still pine for the old days, for a king and queen who would be just and fair. Thomas Letcher’s only interest is in filling his coffers, in making himself rich beyond all imagination. Hence the people have to suffer his draconian taxes. He is bleeding the people dry and soon they will have nothing left to give.”
“It sounds like the country is ripe for rebellion.”
“Impossible, the Lothian troops and mercenaries keep the people in check. Spies and traitors are everywhere, paid by the king to betray those who even mention insurrection. People sometimes just disappear and are never heard of again; their only crime might be to complain about the hard times, as people will.”
“You paint a depressing picture, Elijah.”
“A word of warning, do not under any circumstances trust anyone, do not mention Agar, or anything about your past.”
“What did Agar tell you?”
“He told me how he found you, how you have vowed to take revenge on those who killed your parents.”
Mica said nothing for a moment. “We will need a cover story then.”
“Yes, people will be curious; will ask questions, we need to have some answers ready for them.”
“I can be your niece that you had left in Cragmoor.”
“That might work.”
They spent the next hour going over a story, keeping it within the bounds of truth and then adding their own ideas to the fringes. It wasn’t long after this that a string of carts, wagons and riders appeared on the road.
“It’s a caravan. They are travelling together for protection. We will join them,” said Elijah as he gathered his gear.
They waited until the slow moving caravan had almost gone past them, then they joined onto the tail end, behind a tinker’s square van that was painted red and adorned with bright blue tassels hanging from the roof. Four horses, two white and two brown pulled the wagon.
It was several minutes before the driver of the wagon, a well dressed rounded man with a pudgy red face and thinning grey hair noticed them. He said something to his companion, a big broad shouldered man with curly blond hair who had a smile on his high cheek-boned face. He looked at them with interest and waved. Elijah nodded his acknowledgement.
They followed the wagon at a quick walking pace through the forest. The big man in the passenger seat kept smiling at them and waving. Elijah deduced that the man was a simpleton.
Later in the afternoon the trees began to thin, patches of green grass appeared and the sun warmed considerably. Mica felt hot and sticky. A bath is what she craved, some soapy warm water to soothe her aching body, but she knew that some sort of civilization was days away yet. She would have to be content with a wash in a cold stream and to dangle her feet in the cool water. She took a sip from the water bag and let some of it spill over her face. It felt deliciously cool.
As the evening approached the caravan stopped at a small stream. The wagons, carts and vans were formed into a protective circle. The pudgy man from the van they were following leapt down from his seat, stretched himself and walked over to Elijah.
“Gabriel is the name, tinker and merchant,” he said as he bowed slightly.
“I’m Elijah, a storyteller and this is my niece, Mica.”
Gabriel cast his eyes over the young lady dressed as a man. There was no mistaking the protruding breasts, the hourglass figure and the stunning eyes framed by a delicate face of intense beauty. He also noticed that she wore a sword. It was most un-lady like, accept that it seemed to be part of her, fitted her like a glove. He sensed that the sword was no mere decoration as she stood there staring back at him. This woman had no fear, her bearing and her eyes reflected that.
“This is Adar,” he said, nodding his head toward his companion who was standing beside him. “He is a simpleton, but a kinder man you would never meet. He knows how to use a staff to protect himself. I have seen no one better in all my years.”
Adar was a big man, well over six feet tall. His shoulders were broad and wide beneath his black shirt with its two missing buttons. The man might be a simpleton thought Elijah, but he sensed that he was a man of strength. He wore grey breeches with a leather belt and a knife in a scabbard at his side. On his feet were well-worn boots laced with string.
“The caravan master will demand a tax, sir,” said Gabriel.
“Yes, I’m aware of that,” replied Elijah, thinking of the small amount of coins in his purse.
“You must join us. When word gets around that you are a storyteller we will have extra company.” He turned to Adar. “Collect some wood for the fire.” The big man with the perpetual smile sauntered off into the forest.
As darkness approached small fires began to pop up around the camp. The caravan master, an overweight man with shifty eyes and wearing a sword extracted the last of Elijah’s coins. It was an exorbitant price but he had no choice really. There was safety in numbers and it was better to be poor and alive than to be slain by bandits.
The caravan master’s task, along with the two men he employed, was to see them through the land, to protect them from the bandits, to barter with villagers for food and right of way, to see that they passed through the check points, unheeded, unmolested and with their money and belongings safe.
The three men were ex-soldiers, as were most of the men who worked as guides. They were either too old for the battlefield, or had served out their time and had been de-commissioned. Being ex-soldiers, they still had contacts, still had friends in the army, which gave them advantages that others could not claim.
Mica said very little as she busied herself boiling the rice. She added some herbs to give it flavour. Some fresh meat would have been nice. Maybe tomorrow she could find a rabbit or two. She was cautious with the tinker, not wishing to become too friendly with him. She helped Adar with the fire and with the cooking. He seemed delighted to have someone to help him.
When the caravan master had arrived she noticed his leering look, she had seen that stare before with men in the village who had lusted after her. When she was a child the men took no notice of her but as soon as she started to develop breasts it all changed. Roving hands in the crowded market would often caress her buttocks and the seemingly accidental touching of her breasts was a common occurrence. She started wearing a knife with a razor sharp blade. She never had an occasion to use it, although she had threatened a couple of the more adventurous men who had wanted more than a feel of her buttocks and breasts. If she had stayed in the village she knew the men would have taken her, she could see it in their eyes on those last days. They were waiting for Agar to die.
The simpleton spoke with very few words; his ability to speak seemed stilted, difficult, and he often stammered, but Mica warmed to him. He did not look at her like other men; he was friendly, cheerful, and always seemed to be in a state of happiness. She envied him.
Sitting away from the fire, nearer to the wagon and on the ground with her legs crossed she spooned the rice from the bowl, Adar sat beside her.
“Adar like food,” he said, dipping into his bowl with his spoon.
Mica ate the last of the rice from her bowl and then placed it on the ground beside her.
“Adar have more.”
“It seems Adar has taken a shine to your niece,” said Gabriel as he and Elijah moved closer to the fire to further feel its warmth.
Elijah peered across into the shadowed light at Mica. Adar stood up, walked over to the fire and retrieved the pot. “More,” he said as he tipped what was left into his bowl and sat down with them.
“She can be rather infectious at times and she can cook as well. It’s one of her many talents,” said Elijah knowing that Mica had added some extra herbs to the rice.
“Can she use that sword?”
“As well as any man,” said Elijah, watching Mica retrieve her blanket and lie down.
Gabriel was curious, he wanted to know more; something about these two didn’t fit. The girl was darker, olive skinned like the sailors he had seen in the ports from foreign lands across the sea.
“I don’t mean to be intrusive, or disrespectful, but your niece bears the skin colour of foreign lands.”
Elijah laughed, as if not taking Gabriel’s question with any alarm. “It is a question I’m often asked. Her father was a sailor, he took a wife from a land across the sea, they both perished in a storm. Mica was one of the few survivors from the shipwreck. She was only six years old.
“And you have raised the child?”
“No, not exactly, she stayed with a friend of mine at Cragmoor. It’s a small village out of the way, north of here and closer to the mountains.
“Where are you from?”
“Bacca, do you know it?” asked Elijah.
“It is the main port in Lothia.”
“I haven’t been back there for a long time.”
“Then you would know the Anchor Inn in the harbour?”
Elijah knew that Gabriel was testing him, trying to find out if he was lying. He had been born in Bacca, and had lived there most of his life until the civil war twenty years ago. He had been betrayed by his own brother and was lucky to escape with his life, but it was not so for his wife and two children. They were arrested when Thomas Letcher’s men came searching for him. He never saw or heard of them again.
“Yes, I knew it well. Does old Arthur Symons still own it?”
Alas, he was murdered a few years back. It is rumored that it was the king’s men, as he wanted the inn. It turned over a tidy sum and was quite profitable. There’s a manager there now named Krag, a beast of a man who is totally corrupt; he cheats and robs his customers.”
“It was a jolly place once.”
“So was Bacca, so was Lothia. How long have you been a storyteller?”
“Since the civil war in Lothia, I became a refugee like many of my kinsmen. I had to find some way of feeding myself, some way of surviving. I found I had a gift for storytelling,” said Elijah, which was the truth. That’s what he and Mica had decided to say, to stay as close as they could to the truth, that way they were less likely to be found out. While Mica’s origins were unknown, his was well known to his enemies.
“A storyteller’s life is not the life for a young woman.”
“No, it’s not. That’s what worries me. She is young and needs to secure herself some sort of future.”
“A husband is what she needs.”
Elijah laughed. “A husband indeed, but who would have her. She is arrogant, feisty, and has a mind of her own.”
Gabriel peered across at the young woman, even in the darkness her beauty shone like a beacon. “A woman with her looks could marry a prince, or even a king.”
“But alas there are no princes in the land anymore and but one king, a lecherous king with nothing but greed and debauchery on his mind.”
“It’s a sad state of affairs. The country is slowly being ruined. People cannot afford to pay the taxes, the soldiers take all their crops, I fear for them, I fear for the coming winter. How are they to feed their families?”
“For sure, it is a worrying time.”
“Where are you bound?” asked Gabriel as he stoked the fire and added another couple of logs.
“To Tursy,” replied Elijah, bending back slightly from the now blazing fire.
“Like so many of us. I go every year. It’s quite profitable for me there.”
Elijah had seen many tinkers on his travels, some were pure rogues. They often sold inferior goods and cheated their customers whenever they could. But on the whole most of the tinkers were respectable businessmen, who were just trying to make a living by selling or trading anything they could get their hands on.
You have travelled far, I presume,” asked Elijah, knowing full well that a tinker would make an excellent cover for one of the king’s spies.
“I have journeyed through the seven provinces of Islabad. I have been in snow storms and seen the high mountains of Steppland. Enjoyed the warmth of Lothian beaches and travelled to the great plains of Moorland. I have seen many wonderful sights.”
“It’s a wonder our paths haven’t crossed before.”
“Yes it is, but there are many roads, many towns, villages and cities.”
Elijah stood up, he was reluctant to leave the warmth of the fire but he was becoming tired and didn’t wish to continue the conversation with the tinker. He had said enough. He was glad that the word had not yet spread through the caravan that he was a storyteller, he just wanted to sleep. He knew it would probably be different tomorrow night.
“I will bid you goodnight.”
“See you bright and early in the morning,” replied Gabriel.
Elijah went over to where Mica lay sleeping and made his bed next to her. As he snuggled down he saw Gabriel leave his place at the fire and walk over to an adjoining fire. He felt for his dagger at his side, retrieved it and put it under his pack that he was using as a pillow. He noticed that Mica had her sword tucked in beside her, close and handy.
The night passed without event and true to his word Gabriel and Adar were up long before the sun rose, feeding and securing the horses and lighting the fire. He and Mica rose, washed themselves in the cold water of the stream and then had some toasted bread, courtesy of the tinker who baked his own bread, and some wild honey.
“Mica, want more honey?” asked Adar.
“No thank you, Adar, I have had my fill.”
“Mica, ride in wagon today, Adar walk.”
“No, I can’t do that, it’s your wagon.”
“Adar strong and master will be glad of conversation with lady.”
“And that I will, Mica,” said Gabriel as he stowed the last of his gear in the rear of the wagon. “Here, give me your pack, I will put it in the back, yours too Elijah.”
Elijah passed him his pack. “That will make the day much easier.”
Gabriel retrieved a staff from the rear of the wagon, it was easily seven feet long and about three inches through; he gave it to Adar whose big hands clasped onto it with ease.
The caravan began to form up to the hasty roar of Argon, the caravan master. The sun rose, crimson beneath the clouds, promising another fine day. Today the tinker’s wagon was in the centre of the caravan. They were following a covered wagon with two blond haired children, a boy and a girl around seven or eight years in the back, they waved to Mica. She waved back and smiled at them.
Mica had taken her sword off as it she was not able to access it quickly enough from the sitting position, and besides it was a little uncomfortable. Her bow and quiver of arrows she placed behind the seat. It was something that Agar had instilled in her, to always keep her weapons in reach.
“I presume you can use that bow,” enquired Gabriel as he flicked the reins to signal the horses to pick up the pace.
“Yes, keep your eyes peeled for some rabbits. We could do with some meat in our rice.”
“Sounds delightful, I will certainly keep my eyes peeled.”
The country they were now going through was sparsely timbered, with low-lying hills. The grass was long, dry, yellow and dreary looking. There was no sign of any houses or farms.
“How far away is the next town?”
“Two days away,” replied Gabriel.
“What sort of town is it?”
“A river town, it’s called Tumult, after the river that flows through it. We will have to cross a bridge there where we may be searched for contraband and questioned.”
Gabriel noticed a sudden look in her eyes, a hint of fear. It was only there for a fleeting second. Maybe it was just a young woman’s fear and nothing more.
“I suppose this is exciting for you, the travelling and seeing new places.”
“Yes it is, but I have heard bad things of the soldiers.”
“Sadly that is true, that’s why we travel together. The soldiers are less likely to bother a large body of people, unless of course they have reason to.”
“Elijah told me that your father married a foreign woman from across the sea. Have you ever been to your mother’s lands?”
“That was where we were going when the storm struck,” said Mica, which was what she and Elijah had agreed to say if asked.
“So you don’t have any relatives other than Elijah?”
“No.”
“You should go to Bacca, sailors with the same skin colour as yours are often in the port. They could probably tell you something about your mother’s country. From what I’ve heard it’s warmer there with sandy beaches, green forests and abundant wildlife.”

Gabriel’s description of that far away country rekindled faint memories of just such a place in her mind. Was it her imagination, or was it real? She had very little memory of her life before the slaying of her parents. Of course she remembered her parents vividly and of the house where they had lived, but was that house here in Islabad or across the seas?
The day went rather quickly as Gabriel told Mica about the land they were travelling in, about the seven provinces that made up the continent of Islabad. 
“You have seen all these places?”
“Yes, I have been a tinker for thirty years, followed in my father’s footsteps, I did.”
The caravan was slowing down, there was a creek ahead and as it was late in the afternoon the caravan master had decided to camp here for the night.
Mica took a walk down to the creek to fetch some water in the bucket and as she passed through the camp some of the children followed, asking questions along the way.
“Why do you wear a sword?” asked the blond haired boy who had been in the wagon in front of them today.
“To protect myself,” she replied.
“My mother said it is unseemly,” said a dark haired girl as she skipped alongside Mica.
“Well, I will admit that it is unusual but I have no one to protect me, I don’t have a mother and father like you.”
“You have no parents?” asked another boy.
“No,” replied Mica, dipping the bucket into the water as she arrived at the creek.
“What happened to them,” asked the blond haired boy.
Mica turned and began walking back through the camp. “They were killed in the war many years ago.”
The children peeled off to their various campsites, some of the parents smiled at her and others ignored her. It had been the same in the village. There were those that were friendly, those who would pay her no heed and there were those who hated her, despised her, and weren’t afraid to show it. She put the bucket down where Adar was beginning to place the wood for the evening’s fire.
During the day Mica had seen no game; she knew it would be better toward evening when the sun began to dip in the sky. She retrieved the bow and quiver of arrows from the wagon.
“Where are you going?” asked Elijah.
“To find us some meat, don’t worry, I’ll be back a bit after dark,” she said as she strung her bow.
It was dark and Elijah was beginning to worry about Mica, he hadn’t seen anything of her since she left the caravan. Adar had already gathered wood for the fire and was even now setting the flint to the kindling and grass. As he glanced back down the trail he saw her appear from trees aligning the right hand ridge, he breathed a sigh of relief. She was carrying a bundle on her back.
“Rabbits for tea,” she announced as she put the four rabbits down beside the fire.
“I clean,” said Adar, who quickly gathered the rabbits, unsheathed his knife and made for the stream.
“The hunting went well?” said Elijah.
“Yes.”
“No problems, no sign of bandits?”
“I saw nothing, no tracks. Not even any old sign.”
“I think the soldiers have chased them out of this area.”
“Let’s hope so, Gabriel,” replied Elijah as he gathered a bucket and went down to the stream for some more water.
That evening they ate like kings, Mica’s cooking had them all coming back for seconds, and after the meal Gabriel located a couple of bottles of red wine and some fine glasses. It was the first time Mica had tasted wine, it was pleasant enough and after a couple of glasses she felt drowsy, so she went to bed leaving Adar to do the washing up. It was something he enjoyed doing. In fact, he didn’t seem to mind doing any sort of work. Gabriel and Elijah had opened a second bottle of wine.
Sometime later she was woken, by laughter close by. She opened her eyes, a crowd had gathered around the fire and Elijah was telling them a story. She closed her eyes and went back to sleep.
The next day Mica sat in the wagon once again but she gave up her seat in the afternoon to Elijah, he protested at first, but she insisted so he relented.
“Where do you come from?” Mica asked Adar as she walked along beside him.
“I come from Westland.”
“How did you hook up with the tinker?”
“He being attacked by bad men, Adar help.”
“And you have been with him ever since.”
“Yes, Adar had no home, nowhere to go. Now I have home and friends,” he said smiling at her.
The next two days were uneventful. Mica enjoyed the sunshine and took in the views of the countryside, her eyes often wandering to the snow capped mountains on their right. In another month autumn would be over, rain, snow and the inevitable cold biting winds would wash over the land. Where was she going to spend the winter? She had no roof over her head, no bed to sleep in.
They stopped in the mid afternoon to camp, as there was a lovely dappled stream running down through a band of trees with golden brown sun-burnt leaves, an ideal place. The grass was green and short, obviously kept down by browsing horses, cattle, goats and sheep that had previously been here. She could see the remnants of old fires. She strung her bow and trotted off upstream after letting Elijah know where she was going. Yesterday evening she had seen some deer but was unable close on them as they were out in the open.
The day had been hot and Mica was feeling sweaty and her hair itched, she hadn’t had a bath for almost a week. The water in the stream looked inviting as she made her way through the sparsely separated trees. She came to a small pool with a pebble beach. Looking around she saw that the pond was semi-secluded with a couple of large boulders shielding most of the pond. “What the heck,” she thought, “there’s no one around, and it might be some time before I can enjoy the luxury of a bathhouse with its steamy water and fragrant soaps.”
She quickly stripped off her clothes, and naked, she made her way to the water. Never leave yourself vulnerable, always have a weapon at hand.
Those words had been drummed into her by Agar. She was vulnerable here. She turned, unsheathed the sword, carried it into the water and dropped it at her feet. She peered around into the trees and could see nothing to cause her alarm.
Diving into the water she felt the sharp coolness of the water envelop her body, it was so refreshing. She dived, swam and romped about in the water like a child playing. She swam to the end of the pool and back again and then stood up, brushed the water from her eyes and rinsed out her hair, it was then she saw them.
Two grizzled men, both with thick beards, long straggly hair and disheveled dark clothing stood on the bank next to her clothes with sinister grins on their ugly faces. For a moment she panicked, looked around for somewhere to run, to flee, but the far bank was too steep. It was about six feet high. She was trapped. Once again Agar’s words echoed in her mind.
You have two great advantages over any male opponent, the first is that they will consider you to be inferior, men always think like that toward women. Secondly, your beauty will have them mesmerized, stunned, their thoughts will not be of killing you but of sating their lust.
She stood waist high in the water with her breasts exposed, she did not cover them. For over ten years she had trained for an occasion such as this. She let her mind drift away and concentrate on what she was about to do, that she was naked had nothing to do with it. She smiled at the men, took a couple of steps forward further exposing herself as her hips and thighs came into view. She felt for the sword on the pebbly bottom with her right foot, found the handle and slid her toes beneath it.
The two men could hardly believe their luck as they both stared at the young woman in front of them. That she seemed unafraid and was smiling at them hadn’t registered as any sort of warning. Her shoulders were wide, her breasts full and ripe and her nipples stood erect. She had a slim waist above well-rounded hips and a nest of luxuriant dark black hair at the apex of her thighs. Her legs were muscled and well shaped.
“Do you always walk in on a lady when she is having her bath?”
“A real lady would not be bathing in a stream in these woods,” said the larger of the two men as he took a step forward and began removing his clothing.
“Are you going to join me?” she asked, feigning politeness.
“That is my intention.”
He was now naked to the waist, his hairy chest exposed. He undid the wide belt, letting the attached sword and dagger drop to the ground. He removed his boots and then took off his trousers. His excitement was obvious and a little distracting. She had never seen a man’s appendage before. She shivered as a slight breeze brushed her body.
Her senses sharpened. She could hear the rippling brook where it entered the pond and she was aware of the diminished heat from the lowering sun. The birds had ceased their chatter. The forest was quiet and still. She could smell the musky odour from the leaves on the ground, all this, she ignored. Honed fighting senses now took over.
The naked man walked towards her, his appendage swinging, his eyes gleaming and his smoked stained teeth visible as he grinned at her, it was an evil grin. When he reached the edge of the pool Mica flicked the sword into the air and caught it in her right hand. The grin was still on the man’s face as she drove the sword up and into his chest striking his heart. She quickly withdrew the now blood-stained sword and stepped aside, allowing him to fall face down in the water. She was ready for his companion.
The second man had already drawn his sword, his bearded face angry; his words harsh and full of hatred.
“Fucking bitch, I will kill you and then have you while you are still warm.”
Mica stood her ground as he advanced towards her, her dark ebony eyes locked onto his. She would see the flutter and detect the movement in the man’s eyes long before the sword was thrust at her. He was cautious in his approach, but she felt his indecision, his diverted attention. His mind was not really on the fight.
“Why don’t you take your clothes off like your friend?” Mica was goading him, trying to anger him even more. “At least show me what you have before you die. Maybe it’s too small. Maybe you can’t satisfy a woman.”
He spat on the ground. “I might just let you live long enough to feel what it’s like to have a real man inside you.”
She saw the anger and the flicker in his eyes. She stepped to her left and brought her sword up parrying the sweeping blow. He immediately stepped back away from her and out of range of her sword, but not before it had brushed against his arm tearing his black shirt and drawing blood. Mica kept at him. He was no match for her speed. She saw the fear in his eyes as it dawned on him that he was going to die. She drove the sword into his chest feeling the blade grate against bone. He clutched at the blade and dropped to his knees. His sword lay on the ground. The last thing he saw was the etched figure of the wild boar on the blade that protruded from his chest.
Mica put her bare foot on the man’s chest and withdrew the sword. Then she leant over and retched onto the stones as she steadied herself with the sword. It was the first time she had killed, the first time she had delivered death. It wasn’t pretty and it didn’t give her any real pleasure.
She dressed quickly. She was angry with herself for being so stupid, she was also angry with Argon and his two men. They were supposed to be keeping an eye out for bandits. Instead, they spent most of their time drinking and eating, rarely did she see them scout ahead.
Eiljah saw her first. There was no mistaking the ire in her. She strode past him and on to where Argon and his men were seated around a fire, sharing a bottle of wine. Elijah followed her, as did Gabriel, he too had the impression that something was about to happen. Elijah saw her un-sheath the sword and put it to Argons throat. There was no fear in Argon’s eyes only minute surprise.
“While you are sitting here drinking, bandits are checking out the caravan. I just had to do your work for you,” she said with distinct venom in her voice.
One of Argon’s men was slowly reaching for his sword, Mica saw him.
“If you even start to draw that sword I will kill Argon here and slice your head off. Do I make myself clear?”
“Very clear,” replied the man as he took his hand away from the sword.
“It’s obvious something has upset you, my dear,” said Argon, showing more bravery than Mica would have given him credit.
“I was just attacked by two men.”
“Where are these men now?”
“Dead.”
“You killed them?” he asked as if not believing what he had just heard. Argon’s eyes shifted to Elijah who stood close by, Elijah nodded to him, acknowledging the fact that this young woman was capable of killing.
“Please, let’s talk about this, maybe we have been a little complacent.”
Mica glared at him. She removed the sword from his throat but continued to hold it in her hand. “I would say you have been negligent.”
“Let’s not split hairs. Where did this happen?”
“Upstream, not far from the camp, they must have been watching us.”
Argon stood up and put the green wine bottle he had in his hand on the ground, stopped the cork and beckoned his men to follow. Elijah and Gabriel went along as well. Mica returned to Gabriel’s wagon where Adar was preparing some food.
Argon’s experienced eyes soon took in what had happened when he saw the naked body of the bandit floating in the water with his hairy behind pointing to the sky. The girl must have been bathing, probably naked and these men had turned up. The big man had apparently stripped, entered the water with the intention of raping the girl. But somehow she had turned the tables on them. The second man was still dressed and had taken a sword deep in his chest. Very rarely did you aim for a man’s chest. Only a person with some confidence would risk it, the blade only had to jam on the rib bones, you never took that risk in battle.
Gabriel and Elijah dragged the body from the water. They saw where the sword had entered under the ribs.
“She must have been standing in the water, she would have been lower and able to thrust up with the sword,” said Gabriel.
“What about the other man?” asked Elijah.
Argon began to laugh. He could see it now. It was all so easy for her.
“She is a very beautiful woman with her clothes on. Just imagine what she must look like naked. These men didn’t have a chance. We had better bury them; that they will be missed is certain. Bury everything belonging to these men, nothing is to be taken,” Argon said to his men.

“How did you do it?” asked Elijah as they sat around the campfire, the sun having set in a golden glow.
“It doesn’t matter now,” said Mica, seeming disinterested.
“How am I to tell the story, to record your bravery?”
“Make it up, like you normally do.”
“I’ll have you know that my stories are all true.”
“Even the one about the Shadow Walker?”
“Especially the one about the Shadow Walker,” replied Elijah as he leaned forward. “People need these stories, if nothing else it gives them some sort of hope, some sort of belief in the world we live in.”
Adar and Gabriel sat quietly; they were sitting on the edge of their small wooden seats listening, waiting to hear how Mica managed to turn the tables on the two bandits.
“As you have probably deduced, I went for a swim. I took the sword with me and hid it on the bottom of the stream. They never even noticed that the sword was missing from its scabbard.”
Of course they wouldn’t, thought Gabriel. The sight of Mica naked would make any man miss what he should have seen. He began to laugh, in fact, they all did. Mica even managed a smile. By the end of the evening the story of her deed had filtered throughout the caravan. That evening they had everyone in the caravan around their campfire, some eighty souls listening to Elijah’s stories. But it was not Elijah they came to see. They wanted to sit with the young woman who had killed the bandits. They wanted to see if she was real, if she was like them and if she was indeed human and not some spirit or demon. It was late when they all finally crept into their beds.

* * *

Mica was walking with Adar when they saw the first signs of the village of Tumult. It was just a one-road town with thatched mud-brick houses. A stone-arched bridge could be seen in the distance. It was barricaded and there were already carts and wagons lined up waiting to get through. They could see soldiers with their shiny steel helmets and meshed body armour worn over red tunics on both sides of the bridge.
Argon had also seen them, seen the crowded wagons and carts. This was unusual as the traffic normally passed over the bridge quite freely. Something was going on that he was not aware of.
He reined in his horse causing the caravan to stop. He turned and rode back down the line of wagons until he came to where Mica stood with Adar.
“Mica, I want you to ride on the wagon.”
“Am I in some sort of danger?”
“Maybe and maybe not, I was a soldier once and I know how they think. A pretty young woman can be fair game. Change places with Elijah, take your sword off and find a cape with a hood and cover yourself.”
Argon rode on down the caravan looking for anything that might stand out, something that might give cause for the soldiers to stop them further, but there was nothing else that caught his eye.
Since the incident yesterday he had become even more interested in the young woman called Mica. At first he had just seen her as an attractive young woman who wore a sword like a man. He never thought that she could really use it. His instinct as an ex soldier should have warned him. She was smart too. Who would have thought to take the sword into the water and hide it? Whoever had trained her trained her well. He now had a new respect for this young woman and a desire to know more about her.
He rode to the head of the caravan. “Wait here,” he said to the lead wagon, “I’ll go and see what’s happening.”
Mica changed places with Elijah, removed her sword and Gabriel found her a hooded brown woollen cape.
“You stick out like a sore thumb,” said Gabriel, passing her the cape. “I mean that in a nice way.”
“I understand. I wonder what’s going on?”
“They might have found some contraband, hidden weapons or gold. Or they might be arresting someone.”
Argon rode up to the bridge, to the man with a red feathered plume on his helmet, the sign of a captain, the man who was obviously in charge of whatever was going on. He was thick-set with a full beard, long dark hair and big bushy eyebrows. A diagonal scar creased his ugly face from left to right, courtesy of a sword that he was too slow in avoiding. Their eyes met in instant recognition.
“Argon, you old bastard, I haven’t seen you for nigh on eight years.”
“Camden, you are still as ugly as ever.”
“Flattery will get you nowhere.” Camden’s eyes looked past him at the caravan. “Escorting caravans are we?”
“A man has to make a living.”
“That is so old friend. That is so.”
“What’s going on, what’s the hold up?” Argon leaned foreword in the saddle.
“We’re collecting a toll, a new tax.”
“More taxes!”
“The king’s building a fleet of ships, he needs more money.”
“If he keeps going on like this there’ll be no money to collect.”
“I just follow orders, you know how it is.”
“Yes, unfortunately I do.”
“I’ll see that you pay the minimum fee, for old times sake.”
“I thank you, Camden.”
“Are you just passing through or do you intend spending the night?”
“We’re just passing through.”
“A pity, Argon, we could have enjoyed a drink or two.”
“You tempt me, Camden, but I have responsibilities.”
“Where are you heading old friend?”
“To Tursy, these are all pilgrims,” said Argon with a nod of his head to the rear.
“To Tursy you say.” Camden moved closer and lowered his voice. “Don’t camp in the fields, camp up against the hills where the timber is thickest. You grasp my drift old friend. There are rumours. The king has been talking of doing something about Tursy.”
Argon peered down into the concerned eyes of his old comrade. “I appreciate the warning.”
Camden backed away and turned to his men. “Clear the bridge, this caravan goes through first,” he roared.
Mica could not help but scour the faces of the soldiers looking for the men she sought, but they were not there. That would have been too easy. She gave Gabriel one of her silver coins to pay the toll. It caused him to raise his eyebrows slightly.
“Have you no other coin?” he asked.
“No, it is all I have,” said Mica softly from beneath the hood.
The young man collecting the toll also raised his eyebrows at the sight of a silver coin, as most of the people were poor and only had coppers. Only the rich had silver coins. The toll keeper looked across at his captain who gave him a sour and threatening look. He returned to his work, gave Gabriel his change and bid him farewell.
The coins had belonged to her parents. The Lothian soldiers had missed the small cache hidden in a secret compartment beneath one of the wagons. Mica had known it was there, had seen her parents extract the money when they needed some. She had collected it that day and it had remained hidden beneath the floor of the hut for fifteen years. Now it would fund the quest to find her origins.
“If you have more of those silver coins, I would suggest that you change them somewhere for coppers,” said Gabriel as he passed her the coppers they had received in change.
She thought of the gold coins hidden in the sleeves in the top of her boots. If the silver coins attracted attention, what would gold coins do? She would have to be careful from now on, passing a silver coin had been a mistake. She was drawing attention to herself, to Gabriel and the caravan.
“Where does one change coins, discretely?” she asked.
“There are money changers in the cities, but they charge a large fee. The priests of Tursy may be able to change them for you. Between the bandits and the king it’s risky business being rich. Although there are many who have his favour and take great delight in showing off their wealth and status.”
Once clear of the town Mica removed the cape.
The road was wider now and was even paved with stone in places. Trees lined the right hand side of the road. The river, tumbling fast and foaming white around the rapids was on their left. The whispering sound of the water was soothing to the ear. Mica found herself drifting off as the warmth of the midday sun filtered through her clothes.
That evening in the flickering light of the fire Mica retrieved the brown-leather book with its intricately carved patterns from her pack. It was a book of fairy tales and on the inside of the cover was written Mica’s name and birth date and an inscription. It said: To Mica, may this book bring you much happiness, your grandmother, Chantel. Today was her twenty-second birthday.
“What have you there?” asked Gabriel.
“A book of fairy tales, it’s all I have from my past along with the sword.”
“May I have a look?”
“Mica closed the book and handed it to Gabriel.”
“I cannot read myself, but I know a good quality book when I see one,” he said, flicking through the pages and peering at the pictures. “Fairy tales.”
“Adar’s eyes suddenly lit up. “Mica read to Adar, Adar love fairy tales.”
Elijah put out his hand; he wanted to look at the book as well.
“It would fetch a good price,” said Gabriel as he passed the book on to Elijah.
“It’s not for sale,” said Mica sharply.
“No, I didn’t expect it would be.”
Elijah opened the cover. He saw the inscription and Mica’s birth date, he lifted his eyes, Mica was watching him but he said nothing as he slowly turned the pages, studying the writing and looking at the pictures. He was looking for a clue, any clue that might hint at the origins of the book. One thing was sure, it was not of this land, the stories he had never heard and the quality of the writing and the paper was far beyond anything he had ever seen in Islabad.
“Yes, it is a fine book.” He gave it back to Mica.
“Will you read to me, Mica?”
Mica stared at the big bulky frame of Adar. He was a child in a man’s body. “Yes, but you had better inform the children, they may as well hear a story as well.”
Adar scurried of and soon returned with a group of seven or eight children who immediately gathered around Mica. Some had small wooden seats to sit on while others just sat on the ground, their smiles and chattering mirrored their cheerfulness.
Gabriel and Elijah sat quietly as Mica began reading. They were all enjoying the classic story of a prince and princess who were threatened by an evil dragon. Not a sound was heard from the children as Mica read on.
For the first time since meeting Mica, Elijah saw her smile, saw her open up; this was a far different woman to the one he had first met. He sensed tenderness, compassion and an inner contentment in her as she read to the children. This was the true Mica, the real person that she should be, not some roaming and vengeful warrior.
Much to the children’s annoyance Mica only read one story but she promised them that she would read one story every night until they reached Tursy. This seemed to make them happy as they rushed off to tell their parents.
“You have won some hearts there,” said Elijah.
“Only for tonight, Elijah, who knows what will happen tomorrow. I’m going to bed.”
“Good night, Mica.”
“What did she mean by that?” asked Gabriel as he poked at the fire with a stick.
“Mica’s life has been one of loss. She doesn’t see any happiness for herself. Like all of us she has her dreams but as you know some dreams never come true,” said Elijah, recalling that the people in Cragmoor had feared Mica, feared the fact that she was supposed to have the Sight. Was she predicting that something would happen tomorrow?”
“That I can well understand; dreams are not easy to come by in this land.”
“Very true, Gabriel, very true.”
That afternoon Mica had felt uneasy, but she had dismissed it as nothing, but now she felt the same uneasiness. She slept with the sword by her side as she always did.
The next day Mica refused to ride in the wagon. She walked with Adar and carried her unstrung bow and quiver of arrows. Elijah, who was riding in the wagon, had detected the tension in her. Now he too, felt uneasy. The road here was well worn. Sparsely growing trees lined the edge of the road where they occasionally thickened. It was these places where Elijah focused his attention, if someone was going to attack them it would come from these thickets. Argon and one his men were riding up in front of the caravan, the other man was scouting ahead.
It was around midday when Elijah saw the scout ride back at some pace to meet Argon. They stopped the horses. The scout was gesturing and pointing further up the road. Something was wrong. He saw Mica string her bow and notch an arrow. Argon rode back to them.
“Bandits further up the road,” he yelled. “Close up the wagons and everyone who has a weapon is to arm himself. It may not come to fight but we should be prepared.”
Adar and Mica walked to the front of the wagons. Elijah felt for his dagger and Gabriel retrieved an old sword from under the seat of the wagon.
“I haven’t used this in years,” said Gabriel, “it’s more of a deterrent than anything.”
“What are the chances they will attack?”
“They will palaver first and then try to intimidate us into paying them a toll while the rest of the bandits surround the caravan. They will assess us; see if we are easy pickings.”
“How often does the extreme happen?”
“Not very often, but it does happen. Mostly the caravans pay the toll.”
“We have already paid one toll.”
“Yes, it’s most unusual to have to pay two.”
“Maybe they are looking for their two friends that Mica killed.”
“You could be right, Elijah.”
They continued on at a much slower speed. The wagons had moved closer together. Argon rode up front with his two men and all three had their shields up and swords drawn. Mica and Adar followed behind. As they rounded the bend in the road they saw four men seated on horses, armed and looking dangerous, blocking their way. Argon came to a halt some twenty paces from the horsemen.
One of the men who was short and dumpy with long black hair and a red bandana tied around his neck, held a lance in his hand. He lowered the lance, pointing it at them. “Good day to you, sir,” he said politely and with confidence.
It was then that Mica strode forward of Argon and into view. She planted her feet firmly on the dusty ground and turned side on to the men so as to lessen herself as a target. She withdrew three arrows from her quiver and stuck them in the ground in front of her so that she could reach them quickly and easily. She said nothing, her actions and her stance was enough to inform the bandits of her intentions.
Four arrows, four men, the implication was not lost on the bandit chief as he stared at the fine young woman, her face showing no fear. Was she good enough he wondered? He had no doubt that her first arrow would be aimed at him.
“And good day to you, sir,” replied Argon, equally polite and now a little more confident with Mica standing in front of him. If Mica was as good with the bow as she was with the sword then the four men didn’t have a chance, she would kill them all if they tried to attack. The only thing that had him worried was how many other men there might be in the trees.
“I’m missing two of my men, you wouldn’t have happened to seen them by any chance?” he asked, deciding to keep the conversation low key and not provoke the young woman with the bow.
“We have seen no others than those at Tumult,” replied Argon.
“No other travellers?”
“None, sir.”
There was a moment of stillness, the bandit leader’s horse neighed and tugged at its reins. He stared at Mica. The bow was drawn back and her eyes fixed on him. In less than a second he could be dead.
“What is your name, woman?”
“Mica,” she replied.
“I will remember you.”
He turned his horse, took one long last look at Mica and then rode off into the forest with his men.
“That was close,” said Argon as he lowered his shield and sheathed his sword.
Very few men when faced with their own death will not throw the dice.
Mica lowered the bow, unstrung it and retrieved her arrows. She had gambled that the bandit leader would not risk his life.
With each day, with each passing hour, Argon was beginning to find further respect for this young woman, she was brave, fearless, and last night she had read from a book for the children. What more would this startling young woman reveal of herself in the coming days.
That night Mica read to the children again. One little girl with long, dark hair down to her shoulders, brown eyes and an inquisitive nature, was always asking questions of Mica. Her name was Robin, she was about six or seven.
“Where did you learn to read?” she asked one evening when the story had finished and most of the children had gone back to their wagons.
“My master taught me.”
“Was he a good man?”
“Yes, he was a very good man.”
“Could you teach me to read?”
“We would have to ask your parents.”
With that Robin took hold of Mica’s hand. “Let’s go and see them now.”
Mica followed Robin as they made their way through the circle of fires to a small covered wagon where sat a young rounded woman with short dark hair. Beside her sat her husband, a thin man with soft features and blond hair. He was sipping at a bowl of soup. The woman looked up at Mica then shifted her eyes to Robin.
“I hope she hasn’t been annoying you, she can prattle on at times,” said the woman as she stood up.
“Mother, Mica is going to teach me to read.”
“I told her that we would ask you first,” added Mica.
The man looked up at Mica. “My wife and I were never blessed with schooling as our families could never afford it. To have Robin learn would be wonderful. Do you have the time though?”
“I will make time, each evening. If I’m going to teach Robin then I may as well teach all the children, maybe you could spread the word for me.”
“Yes, we will certainly do that,” replied the woman. “We haven’t met before, although we’ve heard a lot about you, my name is Kate and my husband’s name is Alex.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you both.”
Mica let go of Robin’s hand. She was beaming from ear to ear. “I’m so happy.”
“Till tomorrow then,” said Mica leaving the firelight.
The next evening Mica had all the children circled around her, along with Adar and some of the parents.
“It seems you have been superseded my friend.”
Elijah peered across the top of the fire at the smiling happy group. “It’s good for the children and it will be good for Mica, she needs to broaden her mind and to find her real self. She has not had the opportunity to mix with any other people other than those in the village where she lived.”
“It seems strange to me that you would take her to a village and leave her there all these years.”
Elijah knew that Gabriel was probing, it might just be curiosity and it might not, but he was beginning to like Gabriel. He seemed honest and was not beyond criticising Thomas Letcher’s rule, which was enough to land you in one of his dungeons if you were overheard by the wrong people.
“The village was a safe haven. It was out of the way and soldiers very rarely visited. She grew up there, she learned to read and write and how to defend herself.”
“You must have trusted her tutor well.”
“He was a good man, a man of many talents.”
“As is Mica,” said Gabriel, looking across at the young woman seated amid the children.
“Yes, I’m beginning find that out for myself.”

* * *

On finding out that the king was sending an army of two thousand light cavalry to Tursy the king’s spy found it easy to attach himself to the supply train. An army needed food, water, clothing and footwear. Someone to sharpen and repair their weapons, horseshoes and organise grain for the horses, this left the cavalry free to concentrate on their objective.
He knew the king had been pondering over the problem of Tursy for some time. He hated the priests and felt that they were using the flag, the ancient stories of the Shadow Walker to unite the people. Each year more and more pilgrims arrived at Tursy. It looked like the king was about to do something about it, there would be blood on the fields of Tursy once again.
The king would expect him to mingle with the remnants that were left at Tursy as there was sure to be a revolt of sorts. There would be those that would speak out, those that may even take up arms. He would supply all their names to the king.

Goran led his cavalry at an easy but steady pace, there was no hurry. The priests and the pilgrims were going nowhere, they would be there when he arrived in one-and-half weeks time. He had chosen to use his light cavalry because they were more maneuverable than foot soldiers and more threatening to large crowds who might just overwhelm ordinary soldiers.
For the last week the weather had been exceptional, fine sunny days and no wind. The only problem had been the dust stirred up by the large mass of moving men on the dry roads. A small shower of rain would be most welcome. Then, maybe he should not wish for rain as it would soon come. The nights were already becoming chilly.
Stag Penner was back there somewhere chewing dust, No Nose he was nicknamed by the men. Penner had been in a fight some years ago and his opponent had chopped off his nose. It had made him madder than ever, as it was a constant reminder to him of his failure. He didn’t intend to ever fail again. He was a surly sadistic bastard.
He heard a horse coming up behind him and as the rider drew alongside he saw that it was Penner. The hole where his nose should have been was prominent to the eyes of the onlooker and ugly in the extreme. Penner was near retirement age, but at fifty he still seemed to think that he had much more to give, much more to take, he was a looter, and outright murderer.
“I would suggest that we have a forward patrol,” he said in his gravelly nasal voice.
“No one is going to attack us,” he said, not looking at Penner.
“There are bandits in the area.”
Goran knew what Penner was up too. He would scout ahead, rob and kill any traveller on the road pretending they were bandits or some traitor he had been chasing for some time. To Penner it was some sort of sport, an entertainment that he craved. The peasants, the town folk were already becoming restless and more and more were speaking out against the regime. It would only take a spark, a valid reason for them to rise. He knew that Tursy could be that spark, could be the catalyst that might ignite the people. He was against this, but he had his orders.
“The bandits would be committing suicide and they know that.”
“The trouble with you, Goran, is that you have no balls and the king knows it.”
Goran’s temper flared, he stopped his horse and stared into the grimy ugly face of Stag Penner. “You and me, right here and now,” he said in a controlled manner. “You can choose the weapons.”
Stag Penner knew he was no match for Goran who was ten years younger, fitter and a very dangerous man to fight one to one. He had gone too far, that he now realised.
“Some other time perhaps.”
“You are too old Penner, your time is almost up. You are the one who doesn’t have any balls.”
The hatred in Penner’s eyes was like darts as he wheeled his horse around and rode back down the line of cavalry. Goran knew that this trip was a trap. The king was testing him. If all went well there would be no problems, but if he failed in any way Penner would see that the king was informed.
That evening Goran relaxed in his tent with his aid, confidant, and bodyguard, Porta, who served up his meal and then poured him out a generous portion of red wine.
“Take a drink for yourself. Porta, and sit with me awhile.”
Porta was from Treeland, recruited, shanghaied; whatever you liked to call it, into the Lothian army at the age of eighteen. In twelve years he had never been back home had never been back to see his parents and siblings. He was intelligent, trustworthy, and politically aware of what was going on. He could fight all day and still go back for more. He was a strong man with broad shoulders, dark curly hair and a square rugged face.
“I hear you and Penner had words?”
“Yes, I called him out, he declined.”
“You should be careful, sir, he has the king’s ear.”
“Only because he spies on his fellow country men and gives up their names. I suspect that most of them have more to do with Penner’s personal ambitions than that they are traitors.”
“Sadly, it is so, sir.”
They both sipped at their wine. 
“What do you think about Tursy?” asked Goran.
“In one word, sir?”
“Yes.”
“A mistake.”
“That is exactly what I think. They will fight us.”
“But you will win the day, sir.”
“Yes, I have no doubt about that.”
“Killing the priests on the sacred ground will infuriate the peasants, the workers and the town people, they could unite against us.”
“To do that they would need a leader, and that is impossible, the king’s spies soon see to anyone who stands up to him.”
“There is always the Shadow Walker.”
“That is the stuff of legends, Porta.”
“Lets us pray that is so, sir. To your health,” he said, raising his glass.

The king’s spy had heard the rumour that was rife in the camp. Penner and Goran had had words; it had apparently almost come down to a fight. The king would know this, would have foreseen the tension between the two men. It was his way of testing his men, a way of finding out who he could rely on, who was the strongest and who he might have to be wary of.
Penner was more like the king, ruthless and uncaring, what he saw in Penner he saw in himself. He needed men like Penner, he also needed men like Goran. He was a brilliant tactical commander, none of the other generals came anywhere near him on the battlefield. This could be interesting he thought to himself, one of these men might not come back from Tursy.

* * *

Moving down from the north, the caravan’s journey passed without any further problems. They went through many towns, crossed a multitude of streams and rivers while Mica tutored and read to the children and Adar every night. On their final two days they climbed a steep winding road, a high open pass over the top of the mountains of Taffidor, supposedly named after a local chieftain in ancient times. Mica noticed the chill in the air as they climbed higher and higher, the wind became stronger and they spent a very cold night camped on top of the mountain. In the late afternoon of the second day the alpine road began to dip and they could see the low country some twenty or thirty miles away. It was the fields of Tursy they could see. It was then that Elijah pointed out the pass and the snow covered mountains of the White Glade to their right.
“That was where Armond was ambushed.”
“I don’t understand, Elijah, surely Armond must have known about the pass and suspected an ambush?”
“I’m sure he did but his scouts said the way was clear.”
“Betrayed do you think?”
“Yes, some of the men who were with him still reside in Darfor and they are now among the rich and famous and are stern allies of the king. Back then, I think the writing was on the wall. Steppland was the last unconquered province. It was only a matter of time, so many switched sides.”
“And what about Edmond, where is he?”
“Like I told you in the story, he has never been seen since.”
“What about his mother, did she escape?”
“Some say she lives high in the mountains, others say she died in the attack on the palace at Darfor.”
As they came down off the mountain they could clearly see the dry grassy plains of Tursy, the town itself was situated on a small river. Mica could see the spires of the church in the middle of the town. It was there where the Shadow Walker’s flag was kept. People were already camped on the plain to the south west of the town and as close to the river as they could so they didn’t have to carry their water too far.
Tursy was much larger than most of the other towns and villages that they had passed through, with perhaps around three or four thousand people while the small villages that they had passed through only numbered in the hundreds. The church spire in the town centre dominated the skyline while along the main road were several inns, shops and a cobblestoned market place.
Argon led them through the town, over the small stone bridge and on to the other side where he called the caravan to a halt and then rode back down toward them with his men. He stopped at Gabriel’s wagon. “My work is done here Gabriel. I would suggest that you make camp to the right up against the trees, shady there and far safer than being out in the open. You might pass the word on.”
“That I will, Argon.”
Argon shifted his gaze to Mica who was seated next to Gabriel. At first he had just seen her as a young woman to be lusted after but gradually as he learnt of her talents, her deadly abilities and saw her with the children, he changed his mind. If he had ever had a daughter he would have liked her to be as Mica was, strong, beautiful and gifted with a personality that shone as strong as the blazing sun. He had overheard Elijah say that Mica was infectious. He concurred with that, she left her stamp on everyone she met. He didn’t fully believe the story of Mica’s origins, it could be true, but he felt that there was more to it, far more. Without her the bandits might have attacked them, he owed her.
“Mica, it has been a pleasure to know you.”
“And I to know you, Argon.”
“A word of warning, there is evil afoot.”
Back when Elijah had first asked her where she wanted to go, she had suggested Tursy, for what reason she did not know. But as they came closer, nearer to the fields she knew that she was meant to come here. That somehow this place was to be a turning point in her destiny. At the same time something deep within her mind was telling her to flee, there was danger in Tursy. Argon had just confirmed her suspicions.
“Evil lurks everywhere, Argon.”
“Farewell to you all then. We may meet again if God wills it.”
Argon and his two men rode on into the town where they would find an inn and sate their thirst and spend the first day away from the caravan in a drunken stupor. It was what they always did, drank, ate, and whored until the money ran out. Then they looked for another caravan to escort.
They left their horses at the livery stable and paid the stableman’s son, a scruffy looking teenager, to water, bed and feed their horses for the next two days. After that they would more than likely have no money left.
The inn was dark and gloomy with tiny, smoke stained windows covered with boards in some places where they had been broken. The earthen floor had a sprinkling of freshly lain sawdust that still had the scent of pine sap; rather pleasant to the nose. Later when it became soaked in beer, vomit and blood from the many fights it would stink to high heaven.
The publican, a man named Ed Lowry, was a giant of a man and very wide across the shoulders. Some called him fat, but the man was all muscle. He was tall, well over six foot, his black curly hair hanging down over his back, his black beard and moustache so thick that one could barely see his coarse mouth. He was a mean son-of-a-bitch, would fight over anything. It paid to be very carful what you said to him, and you dare not argue with him.
“Argon,” he said as his dark brown eyes ringed by bushy eyebrows latched onto the threesome, “back again from escorting the weak and troublesome.”
“It’s a living, Ed. You don’t mind taking our money.”
“I don’t mind taking any man’s money,” he laughed loudly. Ed was in a good mood. Who wasn’t in the town of Tursy! The influx of thousands of people was good for business.
Argon slapped some coins on the counter. “Drinks for myself and my two friends, I hope you have plenty of beer because we’re going to drink you dry.”
“Never in a million years could you do that, Argon.”
“No, but we’re going to have a damn good try.”

* * *

Some of those in the caravan wanted to camp with the rest of the pilgrims on the field and would not be swayed, but Gabriel and Mica, who were both aware of Argon’s warning, managed to convince some of the others to camp on the high ground near the forest. Mica had visited the parents of the children, told them that it would be far safer for the children if they set up camp near the trees. She could never forgive herself if something should happen to the children or their parents.
Mica had the eight wagons formed into a funnel with a small opening facing the fields and the larger end to the edge of the forest. If someone came to attack them they would have to come through the small opening, which could be easily defended, while the women and children could flee into the forest. It was just a precaution she told them. It was better to be safe than sorry.
There were three families in the group, each with a wagon; Kate and Alex with their daughter Robin, Mary and John with the two blond-haired children, Paul and Clare. Then there was Simon and Ivy with their four children, two girls and two boys. How they all fitted into the wagon at night had Mica baffled. The rest of the wagons consisted of a young recently married couple who only had eyes for each other, a middle-aged bachelor who kept to himself, and two middle-aged couples. And of course there was Gabriel’s bright red wagon.
Of the ten men in the camp about six or seven were young and fit enough to fight if they had too. She would have to talk to them later and find out what fighting skills they had. Also she would need a retreat plan if they had to leave in a hurry. Tomorrow she would scout the land behind them for an escape route. Elijah came to her as she stood looking around, studying the ground about them. “You look worried, Mica.”
“Yes I am, Elijah, Argon had a reason to warn us.”
“You are expecting trouble?”
“I feel it in my bones, Elijah. I have seen no soldiers, where are they?”
Elijah looked down towards the river and on to the township. The soldiers were always here, had been for the last fifteen years, haranguing the crowds, looking for traitors, looking for excuses to beat up people. It was the priests who ultimately kept them at bay; the intermediary priests were excellent swordsmen. They were necessary as they guarded the church’s treasures, when they had some. But in this case their only treasure was the flag of the Shadow Walker. They also protected the unarmed High Priests. The king had never provoked the priests, preferring to have them in his pocket by means of bribes and subtle threats. They in turn knew that they owed their continued existence to the whim of the king and played his game while helping the people as much as they could.
Elijah knew that Tursy had become a central meeting point. To the people and the church this place was a sacred site and the priests had protected it for fifteen years. Too many pilgrims came here now. To have twelve to fifteen thousand people together was dangerous.
Tursy was becoming a danger to itself. The king surely could not let this go on for much longer. He along with everyone else had feared the flag, feared the stories of the Shadow Walkers. But after fifteen years with nothing happening, the soldiers, the well-to-do and the king did not believe anymore and were fast becoming unafraid of the old tales. The only ones who still believed were the down-trodden people. The priests prayed with them and they went away with a new found eagerness in their minds, most never achieving any salvation. The bandits had seen to that, along with the king’s tax collectors. But Tursy gave them some hope, something to cling to.
In past pilgrimages Elijah had learnt to keep his thoughts to himself as the king had spies in the crowd. If anyone spoke up against the king or talked of insurrection they were quickly located and arrested by the soldiers, their fate sealed. “You’re right, Mica. Normally they would be here directing the crowds, searching them, conferring with their spies and looking down their lists for wanted men and women.”
“I have set up camp so that we can easily escape through the forest if we have to.”
“A wise move, we should talk to everyone and work out a plan so if something happens we are ready.”
“My very thoughts,” replied Mica as she cast her eyes around the campsite.
Adar was collecting wood from the forest as were the other men. The women were setting up their sites for a longer stay than normal. Some of the seven children were helping their parents; some were laughing and playing as if they didn’t have a care in the world. Mica had become attached to these children and now felt some responsibility toward them.
“I’m going down into the camp, why don’t you join me Mica?” suggested Elijah
Mica knew that it would be better for her to go into the camp with Elijah by her side. It would give her some sort of credence as many would look on her with suspicion.
They began the walk down the gently sloping hill. The long grass was dry, yellow and slippery beneath their feet.
“How long have you been coming here, Elijah?”
“It seems like forever, fifteen years in fact.”
Mica was somewhat surprised at this; fifteen years put Elijah here at the battle of Tursy. “You were here at the battle?”
“Yes, I fought with Armond.”
“So the story you tell is not just hearsay.”
“Well, I enhance it a bit to make it more interesting to the listeners, the gist of the story is true.”
They had reached the first tents, the first wagons. Some people glanced at them, while others took no notice. “Did you know Edmond?”
“No, I never met him personally, but I saw him all the time. He was a handsome lad, broad shoulders, tall, dark hair and blue eyes. He was kind to his people, friendly with his soldiers, they adored him. If there was ever a man worthy of being a king it was him.”
“Is that why you followed him and his father into battle?”
“Part of the reason. Twenty years ago I had a family, a wife and children, they were taken from me by the Lothian soldiers. I never saw them again and I had to flee for my life. I was betrayed by my brother.”
“So you sought revenge.”
“I’m not sure what I sought, what I hoped to achieve by enlisting in an army that was going nowhere. Steppland was surrounded by defeated provinces. We really didn’t have a chance. I wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for the flag and for the mist that suddenly came down. Both aided my escape.”
“Elijah, you old rogue,” came a rowdy deep voice from within the crowd. A short obese man with a whiskery, ruddy face wrapped his thick arms around Elijah.
“Martin Burrows, you old devil,” said Elijah in instant recognition. They separated. Martin’s hand rested on Elijah’s shoulder.
“Come, join me in my tent, we have much to talk about, much to catch up on.”
“Martin, I would like you meet my niece, Mica.”
Martin dropped his hands from Elijah’s shoulders and bowed slightly. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mica. How is it that a skinny old grey-headed bastard like Elijah has such a beautiful niece?”
“I think it might have had more to do with my mother.”
“That I can understand,” said Martin as he looked back at Elijah.
“Come, you are both welcome.” He led them back to his square white tent.
A strip of faded green carpet led to the doorway that was covered by a verandah of canvas. As they entered the warm tent Martin clapped his hands and servants appeared, bowing and offering apologies for their slow attention, it seems they should have anticipated their master’s return. “Food and wine for my guests.”
The servants quickly left through the rear entrance of the main tent, to other tents were the food and wine was kept and prepared. Martin ushered Mica and Elijah to the soft cushions that were bundled together on the red carpet that had been laid over the grass. An unlit brazier sat in the middle of the tent. One of the servants, a middle-aged man with straight blond hair to his shoulders, appeared with a decanter of wine. A second man, younger than the first, carried a tray with three goblets. He spoke to Martin. “I have taken the liberty, sir, of informing your son and daughter that you have guests.”
“Thank you, Atta.”
Atta left the tray on the floor while the long-haired servant filled the goblets and passed them around. He then stood back discretely, but not so far away that he couldn’t refill the goblets as needed.
“To your health, Elijah and Mica, and might we have another good year after the blessing of the priests,” said Martin as he raised his goblet.
“To friendship,” added Elijah.
They both waited for Mica to speak as it was customary for everyone to announce some sort of futuristic offering when a toast was made.
“To justice, may it succeed and bear the fruits of its labours.”
Martin peered into the unflinching eyes, saw the determination and the fire in them, something that he had seen many times before; that blank, fixed stare of someone set on a path. They all drank from their goblets.
“As usual, Martin,” said Elijah, “you seem to be able to procure fine wines when others fail.”
“I have some good contacts, some good friends in the wine industry in Gongway. Although they are suffering under the king’s taxes, they still manage to siphon off some of their best wines to their more reliable paying customers.”
Just then, a young girl, with red hair, freckles and a sweet smile entered the tent. With her was a young man with long blond wavy hair. Both were around Mica’s age. The girl wore a light green dress trimmed with white, the young man, wore knee length tanned boots, loose fitting fawn trousers and a red shirt. He carried a sword at his side.
“This is my son Peter and my daughter Melissa,” said Martin, his face glowing with pride as he looked up at them. “You have both met Elijah before, this is his niece, Mica.”
“It’s a pleasure to see you once again Eiljah and to meet you Mica,” said the smiling and seemingly gentle Peter.
“At last, someone I can talk to,” said Melissa with some scorn.
“Melissa was reluctant to come with us this year as her mother was staying home. The journey is too much for her now,” added Martin. “Mica, why don’t you go with Melissa, I’m sure you two can find something to talk about while us men debate more serious matters.”
“Go with her, Mica, Melissa might be able to find a hot tub for you where you can bathe in safety,” said Elijah.
The thought of a nice hot tub, scented soap and another woman her own age as company had Mica quickly on her feet.
“Bring your goblet with you, Mica, we will secure our own wine.”
Melissa led her into another tent where there were two fine looking wooden tubs. “Do you want to have a bath now?”
“I’ve been dreaming about a real bath for weeks!”
“We hire these from the merchants in Tursy each year. It was my mother’s doing, she wouldn’t come here without having some bathing facilities and I have become accustomed to having a nice hot bath. I’ll have the servants heat some water and prepare them while we drink our wine and chat.”
Melissa called the servants, two matronly women and a young boy and gave them their instructions. Melissa and Mica sat down in cane chairs with plump cushions to sip at their wine.
“You have many servants,” said Mica with some envy.
“Yes, we use a lot of servants, we have to,” she said with some resignation. 
“Most of our people are struggling to survive, so we employ as many as we can, to give them and their families some means of survival. We don’t pay them any money, as the king’s tax collectors would only take it away from them. Instead, we see that they are well fed, that their houses are weatherproof and their children educated. They want for nothing.”
“How is it that you are able to do this?”
“Horses, Mica. Back in Moorland we have the finest herds of horses in the land. The king needs good horses for his army so we are left alone.”
“Your mother is ill?”
“Sick of travelling to this place, that’s all, she has no belief in these blessings, no belief that it is actually doing some good.”
The servants began pouring hot water into the tubs.
“You have travelled far?” asked Melissa.
“From Cragmoor.”
“You came down the same road as we did then. Did you see any bandits?”
“A couple, but they gave us no trouble.”
“You do not dress as a woman?”
“I was brought up amongst men.”
“Do you know how to use that sword?”
“Yes.”
The servants brought more water, the tubs were now ready. Melissa jumped to her feet and began taking off her clothes. Mica did the same.
“Mica, you have wonderful skin, so golden, so brown compared to my lily white.”
“My mother was not from this land,” said Mica, straddling the bath and sliding down into the soothing hot water. “What would I give to be able to do this every day?”
“You’re welcome to come here anytime; in fact, I insist.”
“Well, if you insist then.” They both laughed.
The two women servants came back, added some scent to the baths and gave them some fine perfumed bars of soap. Then they proceeded to wash Melissa and Mica’s hair.
“Where is your mother now?” asked Melissa.
“Both my parents are dead.”
“How awful, I couldn’t imagine being without my parents, or my brothers.”
“You have another brother?”
“Yes, Michael, he very rarely leaves the farm. He is content looking after the horses, goats and running the vegetable gardens. He’s not like Peter, who is rather head- strong, and dare I say it, rebellious.”

How are things in Moorland?” asked Elijah as the servant topped up his goblet. Peter was sitting beside him with his own goblet now filled.
“There are rumblings, Elijah. Most of my friends have had enough of the Lothians. They walk into our homes and take what they want, kill anyone who gets in their way; they are a law unto themselves,” said Peter.
“We are better off than some,” added Martin.
“While you do nothing our people suffer,” said Peter, looking directly at his father. It was obvious to Elijah that father and son had had this argument before.
“Sometimes it’s better to suffer a little than to have wholesale death and destruction. Your father and I have seen this first hand. It is not a pretty sight and it would tear the country apart,” added Elijah.
“Have you no pride, no desire for equality,” said Peter, raising his voice.
“Do not speak so loud son, someone might hear you.”
Elijah knew what Peter was feeling, what was going through his mind. He too had felt that same way many years ago and had taken up the sword. But he and the men who had taken up arms had been defeated, slaughtered like animals in a farmyard. He had lost his family and most of his friends. That was why he walked the solitary road, why he became a storyteller. He could at least keep himself and the past alive that way.
But there was a new generation in the land now, young men like Peter who had never seen war, had never seen mutilated bodies, or seen the tears pouring from mothers, sisters, brothers and children’s eyes. That a new army would rise one day he had no doubt, but he didn’t want to be part of it, didn’t want to face it again.
“Your father and I have our pride,” said Elijah, “but it is buried deep in memories of friends long gone, friends wasted for no benefit whatsoever. We do not wish to see that again.”
“We can raise an army of five thousand in Moorland alone,” Peter answered defiantly.
“The king can raise ten times that in twenty-four hours. In a week or two he could double it. You wouldn’t have a chance in hell.”
“Let us talk no more of war, there are more pleasant things to discuss,” said Martin.

“Have you a boyfriend, Mica.”
“I have no time for men.”
“With your good looks you will have no trouble attracting them.”
“I seem to attract the wrong sort of men.”
“Is that why you carry a sword?”
“Yes, it saved my life once and has protected me from the lustful desires of men.”
“Have you not had the pleasure of a man?”
“No, never,” she said thinking back to the day when the naked bandit had displayed his genitals to her, displayed his erection. Mica slid down into the water letting it cover her head, she did not like this conversation, did not like to think about sex, about love. That sort of thing was for people who had real lives to lead. Her life was following another path, a path of retribution.
The servants brought in some fresh fruit and chicken and put it on the small table near their chairs. Melissa climbed from the bath and began towelling herself dry.
“I have a boyfriend, his name is Astar. He is a stable hand. Father doesn’t like me seeing him. He says I should find someone with money and property. Astar has nothing.”
“What does your mother think?” asked Mica as she reluctantly left the bath and reached for the soft white towel that the servants had left draped over the chair.
“Mother says I should marry for love and no other reason.”
“Your mother and father are at odds?”
“Father likes to think he rules the house but it is mother who has the last word.”
“I should like to meet your mother; she sounds like a practical down to earth person.”
Melissa wrapped the towel around her slim white body and walked over to a rack where there was hanging a multitude of dresses. She chose a long red dress and proceeded to put it on. Mica picked up her soiled clothes from the floor and wondered what it would be like to have clean clothes to wear everyday, or even to wear fine dresses like Melissa. She put on her stiffened cloths. She would have to do some washing while she was here. She brushed her fingers through her now lengthening dark hair, sat down and began to pick at the cold chicken.
“Why don’t you come to Moorland after the blessings are over, you could meet my mother then?” asked Melissa, sitting down in her seat, with one of the women servants brushing her hair.
“I’m not sure of my path, which road I am going to take, but if the opportunity arises I would love to come to Moorland and meet your mother.”

Martin mouthed the chicken leg, bit into it and tasted the sweetened herbs. Elijah broke off some of the succulent breast.
“Elijah, this niece of yours, whom you’ve never mentioned before in all the years I’ve known you, where does she come from?”
“She is not really my niece,” said Elijah, knowing full well that he could trust Martin and his family to keep the secret.
“I thought as much.”
“The storyteller has a story to tell,” said Peter as he stripped the last of the meat off his drumstick and threw the bones back onto the now dwindling plate.
“A story it is indeed and it is far from over. She was raised in Cragmoor by an old warrior. She is an orphan. Her parents were slain by Lothian troops some fifteen years ago. The only thing she owns is a sword and a book of fairy tales and she has no idea where her parents were from. Mica was only about five or six when they were killed, she saw everything.”
A rather traumatic experience,” added Martin as he sipped at his wine.
“For ten of the last fifteen years she has trained every day for four hours with the sword. I believe that revenge drives her, torments her, and has probably taken over her very soul. She is very proficient with the sword and can draw a bow as well as any man. She killed two bandits who interrupted her bath. She hid the sword in the water where she was swimming. The men didn’t have a chance.”
“As well as being able to fight she’s a thinker, a woman to admire in more ways than one,” said Peter as he tried to imagine Mica naked. What a sight that must have been for the two men!
“The old man trained her well, drummed into her every warning, every instinct that a warrior should have. She is no fool, she can fight, she can read and write and surprisingly, at times, she can be as gentle as a lamb.”
“What happened to the old man?”
“He passed away. Mica had nowhere to go, so she came with me.”
“And you, looking for a story, didn’t object,” added Martin.
“This could be the ultimate tale.”
“A chance at the Guild, perhaps?”
“That as you know is the pinnacle of any storyteller’s quest and this story might just qualify me.”
The Guild was an ancient tradition existing since the beginning of time. It had grown out of the caves, out of the rustic cabins, from the lofty mountains and the seas stretching around Islabad. Tales of romance, of high adventure, of warriors and princesses abounded; the themes and plots were endless.
 Every year during the winter, the storytellers gathered at Darfor, the capital of Steppland. They came before a committee of their elders, their stories judged and if deemed to be worthy they were invited to stand on the podium of the Guild. Each year this happened and at the end only five were chosen. Elijah had attended for the last ten years but was yet to reach the podium.
“Does she seek her revenge here in Tursy?” enquired Peter.
“I have no idea what she seeks in Tursy,” replied Elijah, sipping more wine. It was starting to go to his head.
“What about the men who killed her parents, does she know who they are?”
Elijah looked at Peter, saw his interest, revenge was something that young men and some women took rather seriously. Even he had once, but his ardor had died with many of his friends, although deep down he still craved revenge, still would like to see his brother pay for his crimes. “She has never spoken of them, but I believe she knows who she is looking for. You wouldn’t train with a sword in the rain and snow for ten years if you didn’t have some idea who you were after.”
“Then we might expect some excitement.”
“Be careful what you wish for, son.”
“She is fast with the sword, very fast, if you see her fight it will be something to talk about for a long time,” said Elijah.
“You would class her as a master swordsman then?”
“I would at that Martin. I would never draw against her.”

Peter came into the tent where the girls were. “Elijah has asked me to escort you back to your camp; it’s getting dark out there. He and father will more than likely drink themselves into a stupor.”
Mica was about to say that she didn’t need an escort but decided against it, it would be good for her to be seen with some of the locals, some of the people that were trusted. She needed to become one of them, to also be trusted. Elijah had warned her of spies, people who worked for the king, who mingled within the crowd and reported anybody that appeared suspicious. She needed to make sure she was seen as belonging here, as part of the furniture so to speak.
“I’m coming with you,” said Melissa as she stood up and slipped on some leather sandals.
They strode through the camp side by side. Melissa and Peter acknowledged a thin man driving in a tent peg, a couple with two children and a group of young men whose eyes followed the girls.
“It’s a bit like a family reunion, a lot of these people have been coming for years,” said Peter as he waved to another group standing at the entrance to their tent.
“I think some of these young men come to find girls,” said Melissa.
“I concur with that,” said Peter, eyeing off two pretty girls who were coming up from the creek with buckets of water.
“This blessing, how long does it go for?” asked Mica.
“One day, the anniversary of the battle. Why, are you thinking of taking the blessing?” asked Melissa.
“No, I was just curious, that’s all.”
Peter strode ahead of them as they left the camp and started to climb the gentle slope. “The blessing is in two days’ time.”
On arriving at the camp Mica introduced Peter and Melissa to everybody. Melissa was delighted with the children and was surprised to learn that Mica was teaching them to read and write. Then they left, giving Mica and any of her friends an open invitation to visit them any time.
Gabriel had managed to purchase some fresh steaks for their evening meal but Mica declined as she had eaten with Melissa. He had also found out that the troops that were normally here were out chasing bandits, the garrison was being held by a skeleton force. That explained why they had not seen any Lothian soldiers. Still, Mica felt restless.
Mica wasn’t tired so she decided to take a walk after informing Gabriel where she was going. She skirted the main camp and crossed the gravel road that climbed over the saddle. She kept to the high ground, followed it to the other side of the camp and crossed over a small creek that tumbled down over some rapids. From here she could see the town and all of the main camp. Cooking fires dotted the land. Pale yellow lights, diffused and tiny shone through the windows of the houses in Tursy itself.
An effervescent light filtered through the patchwork of clouds from the glowing moon, it was enough for her to see directly opposite and into the distance. She could see the wedge shaped indentation that indicated the pass through the mountains that led to Darfor, the capital of Steppland.
Where the camp was situated was supposedly where the armies had finally met, where Thomas Letcher had defeated the Steppland army, where the flag of the Shadow Walker had appeared.
She turned her head to the left. If any soldiers came they would be travelling north up the main road that crossed over the saddle. From the road down into the fields it would be easy to encircle the town and the whole camp. No one would be able to escape. She could not see their wagons in the darkness as the shadow of the trees and the hill hid them. They could not be encircled easily, and besides, being such a small group they wouldn’t demand much attention, she hoped.
Always think a head, always have a plan, expect the unexpected.
She had half a plan, which was better than nothing, tomorrow she would fine tune that plan. It was quiet and peaceful, maybe too peaceful. Standing there in the darkness she could smell the peppermint and pine as it drifted down from the trees behind her. She suddenly felt, sensed a presence. Her hand went to her sword as she peered into the darkness, into the trees. She could see nothing.
“A young woman should not be alone on the fields of Tursy at night.”
Mica turned sharply at the sound of strong male voice to her left. Where had he come from? The man stood some ten feet away and was dressed in a hooded black robe that almost touched the ground. His head was slightly lowered, making it impossible for her to see any of his features. He was tall and well built with broad shoulders.
“I’m able to defend myself,” she replied, resting her hand on her sword.
“It is most unusual to see one so beautiful carrying a sword and dressed as a man.”
“It serves my purpose.”
“And what is your purpose?”
“It is no business of yours.”
“No, you are right. I should not have been so forward, I apologise.”
“Apology accepted.”
“You travel with the pilgrims?”
“Yes, I’m with my uncle and the tinker.”
“Ah yes, the tinker and his rather slow companion. I have seen them before, they come every year, like so many others. I’m not sure what they expect to find here.”
Mica shifted her hand from the pommel of her sword. For some reason she felt relaxed, at ease with this stranger who would not show his face. She cast her eyes over the flickering lights of the fires around the many tents and wagons. There were maybe fourteen or fifteen thousand people here. “Maybe they come here to try and find some hope.”
“There is no hope in this land,” he countered.
“I disagree with you,” said Mica as a wisp of wind billowed the stranger’s cape. She saw that he wore a sword and had a long dagger in his belt. His right hand, gloved and black, rested on his belt not far from the sword. The cape closed as the wind died.
“They come in their thousands to pray with the priests and then leave, it achieves nothing.”
“They come in hope that from the ashes of the past a leader will rise. The flag of the Shadow Walker was a sign, a sign of something for them to believe in.”
The man laughed; a soft condescending laugh. “I doubt there is any such thing as a Shadow Walker.”
“Then why was the flag hoisted here on the fields of Tursy? It must have been placed for a reason. It wasn’t some sort of joke.”
“No, it was no joke; that much I can assure you.”
“Who are you?” she enquired, her curiosity aroused.
“Just a pilgrim, like yourself.”
“I’m not a pilgrim. I am here for a reason. Something is going to happen.”
“You have the Sight?”
“I sense things, I don’t see anything. I have no visions.”
“Well, you are an extraordinary young woman, you sense things, you have no fear and there is a passion within you. You dress as a man and you are obviously adept at using that sword otherwise you wouldn’t be wearing it. What is your name?”
“Mica.”
“Who taught you how to use a sword?”
“A warrior, a man who knew about weapons and treachery. He took me in and raised me.”
“You are an orphan?”
“I have no one that I know of.”
“Then you are alone?”
“I’m with friends.”
“Ah yes, the tinker and the storyteller.”
Mica had not mentioned that her uncle was a storyteller. How did this man know that?
“It has been a real pleasure talking to you, Mica.” He turned and was about to walk off when he looked back at her. “This warrior who took you in, who raised you, who taught you how to use a sword, did he have a name?”
“His name was, Agar.”
“Agar,” he said the name slowly as if it meant something to him. “We will talk again, Mica.”
The black cape swirled about his legs, revealing shiny black boots as he walked off, blending into the night, disappearing in an instant as if some sort of spectre.
Who was this stranger dressed in black, she wondered as she turned and strode back to the wagons. Gabriel and Adar were sitting around the fire. Adar was writing on the ground in the dim light, memorising those few words he had been able to learn from his lessons. He was a lot slower than the children but he tried hard, was very eager, and was pleased with himself when he finally grasped a new word. Gabriel was sitting sipping at his wine, probably celebrating his work day. He had sold a lot of goods and had made a handsome profit. Of Elijah there was no sign.
“Elijah hasn’t returned?” asked Mica.
“No.”
Mica sat down on the log next to Gabriel.
“You have travelled these lands for many years, Gabriel; have you ever seen men dressed solely in black?”
“Most men wear black, it is a common colour.”
“What about men with black hooded capes, black gloves and boots, and who don’t show their faces.”
“No, I don’t think I’ve ever seen men dressed like that, but I have heard of them,” said Gabriel, staring into his glass of wine. His eyes shifted sideways to look at Mica. “That’s how Shadow Walkers were supposed to have dressed.”

* * *

The next morning, Mica called the people together and spoke to them. “As I told you before, Argon warned me, told me to camp away from the fields and that’s why we are here. What I want to know is: who among you have had experience in fighting?”
Adar was the first to speak. “I can use the staff.”
Mica cast her eyes to the other men.
“I’m afraid I won’t be much help,” said Gabriel, “I’m just a simple tinker.”
“A sword is too hard for me to handle, but a bow I can still pull,” added Alex.
The rest of the men were able to use a sword to varying degrees, so that was something at least.
“We will speak again tonight. I want to prepare a plan in case anything happens. We have women and children to protect.”
They all went back to their respective fires to finish off their breakfast. Some were silent while others spoke in low voices to each other.
“You seem sure that something is going to happen, Mica?”
Mica looked down at Gabriel who was sitting beside the fire. “I can feel it in my bones Gabriel. I can almost chew on it.”
“Have you the Sight?” asked Gabriel, inquisitively.
“Maybe Gabriel, but I prefer to call it a woman’s intuition.”
“That I can understand,” he replied.
“Adar, you might come with me, I am going to check out the forest and a suitable escape route.”
Adar jumped up from his seat, glad to summoned, glad to be with Mica.
They strode through the ring of wagons.
“Where are you going?” asked the beaming Robin as Mica and Adar walked past her wagon. Her parents were sitting back enjoying the early morning sun, the blue smoke from their fire drifting straight up into the air. There was no wind.
“Just for a walk, do you want to come with us?”
“Can I, Mother?” she asked, with some excitement.
“Yes, I don’t see why not.”
Mica put out her hand and Robin clasped it tightly as they made their way through the forest.
“When I grow up I’m going to be just like you,” said Robin.
Adar laughed. “Little Robin no handle sword.”
“I can learn,” she pouted.
“You should learn other things, Robin, like reading, writing, cooking and sewing.”
“Do you know how to do all those things?”
Mica noticed that the undergrowth was sparse. It would enable them to move quickly through the forest. “Yes, I know how to do all those things.”
“Then I shall learn them.”
The forest thinned out and the ground began to slope away. “Stay here Adar with Robin.”
Mica walked down into the gully but when she reached the bottom her feet began to sink into a soft, grassy morass. A marsh! The river that ran through the town must flow through here somewhere, she thought. This marsh could have worked against them, could have become a trap, but now she would make it work in their favour and against anybody that pursued them. She turned and walked back up the hill.
“What did you find?” asked Robin with her usual inquisitiveness.
“A marsh and a way out of here.”
“How are we going to cross the marsh?”
“We’ll make ourselves a path, Adar, a pathway of ladders that we will take with us as we go.”
She now had a plan in mind. They would be as prepared as they could be. She hoped against hope that nothing would happen, that the children would not have to see or experience the sorrow that she had felt all those years ago. It still hurt, the ache in her heart was still there. It would always be there.
When she arrived back at the wagons she found Elijah had returned a little worse for wear. “Not feeling well?”
“I’ve felt better,” he replied, dipping his mug into the bucket of water and taking a long drink.
Mica explained her plan to him, their escape route over the marsh.
“It’s a good plan; let’s hope we don’t need it.”
They were kept busy all day making ladders, making a path across the marsh. Mica also marked the trail with strands of red wool. Someone could become lost in the rush or if panic ensued. When it was finished Mica felt a lot more comfortable and far more at ease. In the evening she returned to visit Melissa.
“I expected you earlier, Mica, what have you been doing?” she enquired, leading her into the privacy of her own tent where they sat down on the soft cushions.
“Just checking out the lie of the land,” she replied, deciding not to tell her about the escape route just yet, as it might not even be needed. “I was taught to be cautious, to prepare myself for any event.”
“Like a warrior.”
“Yes, like a warrior.”
“I think you and my brother would make a good pair as that’s the sort of thing he does. He reads about old battles, studies them and I’m sure he would love to be part of a battle or even a war.”
“It could happen,” said Mica as she looked at Melissa, seeing only innocence in her youth and beauty. She had never known heartache, had never suffered, she had been sheltered from the worst that Islabad had to offer.
“Well, I would hope not, war only brings death and destruction.”
“I saw more people arriving today,” said Mica, changing the subject.
“Yes, I reckon this will be the biggest crowd ever.”
“Gabriel, the tinker we’re travelling with is doing well.”
“All the businesses do well this time of year.”
Mica noticed a rack of dresses at the rear of the tent. She stood up, walked over and began admiring them. “These are beautiful,” she said as she let her fingers trail over some of the soft fabrics.
Melissa stood up.” Do you want to try some of them on, you are about my size.”
“Can I?” said Mica with a burst of enthusiasm.
Mica could only ever remember having one dress of green and gold silk that she had worn on the day her parents were killed. Since then she had always worn men’s clothing as she didn’t see herself as a woman. She wanted to be a man, to fight in a man’s world and to take her revenge.
“Would you like to try this red one,” said Melissa holding it out in front of her.
“Red is not my colour.”
“What is your colour?”
She thought for a moment, she had never known bright colours, she decided on blue.
Melissa spun back around and sifted through the rack. “Now this is the right dress for you.” She was holding up a long blue, silk dress.
Mica took off her outer clothes and put the dress on, the silk folds falling elegantly against her slim figure.
“Mica, you’re so beautiful, the dress suits you perfectly. Every man in Tursy would be chasing you if they could see you now. Turn around.”
Mica pirouetted.
As Mica turned back around, Melissa expected to see her smiling to see a sparkle in her eyes, but there was nothing, her face looked sad.
“Is their something wrong, Mica?”
“Wearing a dress brings back memories, some of them good, most of them bad.”
“Elijah told father what happened to you and he in turn told me, I feel for you Mica, I don’t know what I would do if I ever lost my parents.”
Mica was surprised that Elijah had told Martin the truth, but then they were old friends, he must trust Martin otherwise he would not have done so.
“Father has a way of seeing through Elijah, he didn’t believe that you were his niece.”
“It was just something to tell the authorities in case we were ever asked, you know how suspicious they can be.”
“One has to careful here in Tursy, there are spies here, there are always arrests.”
“So I’m told.”
“You can keep the dress, it’s a gift.”
“Melissa, are you sure?”
“I’m very sure.”
“Thank you.” She gave Melissa a hug. Then she took the dress off and put her own clothes back on. This was her first dress as a grown woman. For the first time in a long time she felt happy. All she needed now was an occasion to wear it. “Well, I’d better be getting back.”
Melissa folded the dress and handed it to Mica.
She took it in her hands and felt the softness and quality of the silk, this was no cheap dress.
Making her way back in the darkness Mica was suddenly aware of someone close to her. She instinctively drew the sword, stopped and slowly turned in a circle, her eyes peering into the darkness and her ears listening for any unnatural sound.
“For a person who claims not to have the Sight you are quick off the mark.”
Mica, glared at the robed, hooded figure. He had appeared as if from nowhere once again. “If you keep sneaking up on me like that you will end up with a sword in your gullet.”
“Put your sword away, I mean you no harm.”
Mica hesitated for a moment and then slid the sword back into its scabbard. He stayed far enough away so that she couldn’t see his face beneath the hood.
“I see you have made yourself a path across the marsh, an escape route so to speak. Did Agar teach you these things?”
“Yes.”
“What else did Agar teach you?”
“He taught me to read and write.”
The man nodded his head and then began to walk slowly around her, his black gloved hand went to his sword beneath the robe. Mica put her hand to her own sword. He stopped and peered at her from beneath the hood. She could almost see his face.
He stopped walking. “I’m sorry, it’s a habit of mine, you understand.” He took his hand away from the sword, Mica did likewise.
“I suppose you can cook as well.”
“I’m able to feed myself.”
“Did Agar teach you about medicines?”
“You speak as if you knew Agar.”
“Where is this, Agar?” asked the hooded stranger, ignoring her question.
“He died of a lung disease. I could do nothing for him as none of the herbs worked. I gave him a warrior’s funeral.”
“Very fitting, that is how I would like to go.”
Mica was becoming intrigued by this softly spoken man, who had imposed himself upon her for no apparent reason. He had an air of confidence and a certain natural poise as he moved somewhat lightly and a little gracefully when he walked. It was as if he was her teacher and she the student. Was he playing some sort of game?”
“Why do you dress so?” she asked.
“There are those who would have my head, I have to stay hidden if I am to live.”
“What did you do to deserve self imprisonment?”
“Once, I believed in something, Mica, something that has now eluded me and has put me at odds with the king.”
Was this man a Shadow Walker? Was this Edmond, the one who had placed the flag on the fields of Tursy?
 “Maybe it’s time for a Shadow Walker to show himself, for him to become what he should be, an inspiration to the people.”
“You speak of things you know nothing of, of times long gone.”
“You forget; I have the Sight.”
“So, now you embrace your gift.”
“I have always had this awareness.”
“If this Shadow Walker appeared, what would you expect of him?”
“That is not for me to say. His destiny, like mine, is linked to the fields of Tursy, that much I know. It is here that the future of Islabad will be shaped just as it was fifteen years ago.”
“You have wisdom beyond your years, Mica. You are a woman to be admired.”
Mica took heart at his compliment. For some reason she liked this stranger, felt comfortable in his presence. She still held the dress in her left hand. He tilted his head; she knew he had seen the dress, was even now looking at it.
“You have acquired a dress?”
“It was given to me by Melissa.”
“The horse trader’s daughter, she is a fine young woman.”
This hooded man seemed to know quite a few people here, seemed to know what was going on. He also knew that Mica had made an escape route across the marsh. Was he watching them during the day from some other alias?
“You seem to be well informed.”
“I have been watching over this place, these people, for a long time.” He paused and lifted his head slightly. “I would like to see you wearing that dress.”
“I’m not sure if I will ever wear it.”
“Where do you intend to go if you have to use your escape route?” he asked, changing the subject.
“Into the high country, into the mountains.”
“It is the wrong time of the year to be going into the mountains.”
“If the Lothians come and there is fighting we will have little choice.”
He said nothing for a moment, his hand reached for his chin. It was obvious he was thinking something over. “There is a place called Santomine, you should inquire of it, it is north of here along the High Mountain Road.” He turned sharply and was about to walk away when Mica spoke.
“Will I see you again?”
“Yes, of that you can be assured,” he said, without turning his head. Then he walked off and was quickly swallowed by the darkness.
On arriving back at the camp Mica found everyone asleep, she put the dress safely away in her pack and snuggled down into her own rough bed of fern and straw. She pulled her one and only blanket around her shoulders. It was hard for her to believe that in a little over two weeks she had killed two men, had faced danger and death, found new solace in the children of the camp, had new friends and had met a Shadow Walker, even though he denied his own existence.

* * *

The next morning Mica busied herself doing some washing. Her clothes were dusty, grimy and sweat stained. The men had taken one of the wagons down to the river and filled up the casks with fresh water. Kate had a washing tub, which she lent to Mica and of course Robin had to help. As Mica washed, Robin hung her clothes on the lowered rope between the wagons.
Gabriel and Adar had gone into Tursy to sell and maybe buy some more goods as their stock was getting low. While she was washing, Elijah came over to speak to her.  “I’m going into Tursy later, do you want to come with me and have a look around?”
“Yes, but we will have to wait until some of my clothes are dry,” said Mica, who was only dressed in a pair of thin black trousers and a white singlet that exposed more of her flesh than was normally seen.
“Yes of course, we can’t have you going into town dressed like that, could we?” You will have all the men chasing you.”
“That I can do without,” said Mica as she began washing the rest of her clothes. The sun was out and along with a gentle breeze her clothes would be dry in a couple of hours.
“Where are you going?” enquired Mica as they made their way through the outer fringes of the town. 
“I’m going to the inn, I need to do what I do best, tell some stories and earn some coppers. You might wish to visit the church and talk to the priests about changing your silver.”
As they strolled along the road, Mica saw that the garrison’s soldiers had returned from chasing bandits and were even now checking on people. It was the soldiers she wanted to see for she was looking for two men, two very distinctive men. Her eyes were searching all the time.
They passed a group of soldiers standing at one of the arched stone gates leading to the centre of town. Mica searched the faces, but failed to find her foes, that would have been too easy she thought to herself. Some of the men were looking back at her. She gave them an icy stare and let her hand rest on the hilt of her sword as they continued on. They were not challenged.
The road here was paved and the buildings two-storey high with a combination of thatched and split paling roofs. Washing hung from the open windows of the top floors above the shops flapped gently in the breeze. As they moved closer to the centre of town, towards the market place, the crowds became thicker. Mica was jostled and bumped. She had never seen so many people in one place before. Carts and horsemen were trying to make their way along the road only to be impeded by the mass of people. When they came to the town square, the crowds were even more dense, they were only able to move at a snail’s pace. She followed Elijah through the square. He seemed to know where he was going. “Is it always like this?” asked Mica with some frustration.
“When the pilgrims are here, yes,” he replied, making his way into a side street where he stopped outside a grey-weathered timber building. The painted sign hanging over its door indicating it was the Red Dragon. A couple of drunken soldiers came out the door staggering as they left. Mica could hear the bawdy singing and was aware of the smell of stale beer as it wafted out the door.
“You had better not come in here; I’ll see you back at the camp later tonight. Follow this street and take the first turn to the right, you will see the church on a slight rise.”
Mica made her way down the street, taking in all the sights, the houses in neat rows, the children running about the streets and the smells of cooking. She passed a couple of women standing in the street; they stared at her. That she stood out didn’t worry Mica. She was who she was meant to be and nothing more. That she wore men’s clothes and carried a sword and a knife didn’t matter to her because it was her way of showing defiance, a way of giving warning to those who would dare challenge her.
The church, a rectangular building of grey stone, had a spire at the front with a belfry and arched doors at its base. It looked rather small to Mica. Surrounding the church were other buildings of stone. She could see stables, cottages and a large hall. There were men wearing coarse rustic-brown robes, with swords at their sides, moving about at the entrance to the stable. She noticed that all the men had the same style haircut, the pudding cut she knew it as, a bland unstylish shape that did them no favours. They were unloading a heaped wagon of bundled straw.
She approached the men. One of them, thin faced, tall and good looking saw her first. He stopped what he was doing and peered at her with glittering amusement in his eyes. “May I be of assistance,” he asked in a pleasant voice.
“I’m told that I can change some silver here for coppers.”
“I think you have been misinformed.”
“I travel with Elijah the storyteller and Gabriel the tinker; they told me of your business arrangements.”
Father Paul looked at the young woman before him with some intrigue, she was rather pretty. But why was she dressed as a man and carrying a sword and looking as if she could use it? He knew of the storyteller, he knew Gabriel the tinker. Every year he changed the tinker’s silver. He turned to one of the other priests.
“Father Adams, could you go to the market and find the tinker, ask him if he knows a certain young lady who wears a sword.”
Father Adams, a squat, middle-aged man, brushed the loose straw from his robe and left the barn and headed towards the market place.
“Forgive me for being distrustful, but there are those that would seek enrichment and favour by reporting any misdemeanor to the king’s men.”
“I understand.”
“I’m Father Paul, and this is Fathers Richard and Todd.”
Both of the men nodded to Mica as they continued to work.
“And your name is?”
“Mica.”
“I have seen women wearing men’s clothes but I’ve never seen a woman carrying a sword. Is there something you fear?”
“I fear no one. I wear a sword for good reason.”
“Like we all do. It is unfortunate that this is so, it would be nice to be able to put down the sword and live in peace, would it not?”
“I’m afraid too much has happened, Father, too many crimes remain unpunished.”
“That is so true, Mica, so true. Would you like a drink of tea while we wait for Father Adams?”
“Yes, tea would be nice.”
Father Paul led her to the entrance to one of the tiny cottages and into a small smoke-stained room of timber. A fire smouldered beneath a blackened kettle. He bid her sit down at the wooden table that had seating for six people. “There are four of us living in the house at the moment, normally there are six, but we are rather shorthanded, we are needed in so many places,” said Father Paul, proceeding to make the tea.
“I’m led to understand that you guard the High Priests and the church.”
“For what little good it does, the king takes what he wants anyway. We used to have goblets, plates of gold and silver but the king confiscated them, along with all the lands we owned. The land enabled us to help the poor and the needy, to comfort them, but now we have nothing to give the people except hope and the promise of salvation.”
Mica sipped at her tea, it was hot and steamy. “I think there will be a lot more pain before there is any salvation, Father.”
“In that you are right, Mica.”
It was then that Father Adams joined them, his face red and his breath coming in gasps. “The tinker said she can be trusted and that we would do well to make her friendship.”
“Thank you, Father Adams.”
“It seems the tinker speaks well of you,” said Father Paul as Father Adams left the room.
“We have become good friends.”
“So you wish to exchange some silver for coppers. There is a small fee; it helps us in our hour of need.”
Mica had twenty silver coins in her pouch and twenty gold coins in the top of her boots. She would only change ten of the silver coins; otherwise her pouch would be far too heavy to carry. She retrieved the pouch from beneath her trousers; it was attached to her belt. She counted out the coins and put them on the table. Father Paul left the room to some other part of the house. He returned some minutes later with her bundle of coppers. “Are you here for the blessing or are just to exchange your coins?”
“I’m just here to exchange my coins, Father.”
“You have no faith?”
“I lost my faith when I was six-years old.”
“Maybe you will find it again in Tursy.”
“I think not, Father,” said Mica, sipping the last of her tea. She stood up to leave.
“Tomorrow the people will line up, be anointed with water from the stream by the High Priests. It will give them a sense of hope, of fulfillment and they will go away with a new fondness in their hearts.”
Should she tell this priest what she felt, what she feared? Would he understand her destiny, her instincts? No, she conceded, priests did not believe in the Sight, did not believe in anything else but their God. To them, every act had some reason, some hidden agenda that we as mere mortals would never be able to understand. These priests, she knew, would prefer to die protecting their beliefs rather than listen to the words of a stray urchin.
“You have your convictions, Father, and I have mine.”
“We may meet again, Mica, and then we can talk some more.”
“I doubt it, Father,” said Mica as she walked from the house.

* * *

Goran pulled at the reins of his horse and stopped as two riders in civilian clothing came toward him. They were scouts he had sent ahead to see how many people were in Tursy and if there were any obstacles to their mission that they should know about.
“Sir,” said the taller of the two men as they pulled their sweating horses up in a plume of dust. “There are at least fourteen or fifteen thousand people camped alongside the river, they will be easy to encircle.”
“And the town?”
“I have spoken to the garrison’s commander and he is going to seal off any escape routes on the other side of the town, including the northern road and the road to Darfor when we arrive.”
“Too easy, far too easy.”
“There is one more thing, it might be nothing, but there is a small group camped on the ridge to the right up against the forest.”
“We will deal with them separately.” Goran turned to Porta. “We’ll stop here tonight, no tents and no fires.”
The men began to alight from their horses as the order was passed down the line. Goran summoned his sergeants and Penner, they would need to discuss the tactics that they would employ in the grey dawn on the fields Tursy. “Penner, you are to take a hundred men, find the flag and burn it. If the priests resist kill them.”
“Do you want me to torch the church?”
“I really don’t care what happens to the church,” said Goran, knowing full well that Penner would take great delight in burning the church and killing the priests.
A smile creased Penner’s ugly face. “What about the town itself.”
“You will need somewhere to sleep, drink and whore after the killing, leave the town be.”
Goran turned to one of his sergeants, a tall thin fellow with a black beard flecked with grey. “Fodor, there is a small group encamped on the ridge. Take some men and slay the whole camp.”
“It shall be done, sir.”
He turned his attention to another of his sergeants. “Kemp, you are to take three hundred men straight into the centre of the main camp where the priests will be holding the blessings. Kill the priests.”
“What if the crowd resists, sir?”
“I shouldn’t have to tell you what your duty is, Sergeant, but I want no wholesale slaughter. We just need to leave a significant message. The rest of you will take your men and encircle the camp, any questions?”
No one spoke.
“Then sleep well and be prepared to move out at first light.”

* * *

Mica made her way through the town, past the inn where she could hear rowdy laughter and cursing. Elijah would be spinning them a tale, a tale to suit their depraved thoughts. She quickened her pace, not wishing to stay in town any longer than she had too. Some of the soldiers were already giving her leering looks and when she came to the gate one of the soldiers stood in front of her impeding her way. He was short, solid looking with a bull neck. He wore armour and a red plumed helmet and had a short fighting sword at his side. She felt his eyes travel over her body, his grey eyes lustful beneath thick bushy eyebrows. 
His confidence was something she had seen many times when fronted with what men considered the weaker sex. “A wench wearing a sword, and a pretty one at that.”
Mica’s first instinct was to slay him. There were three more soldiers lounging up against the stone wall. She was confident that she could take all four if she had too. But this wasn’t the time for sword play; she needed to use her guile and femininity. They all wore short swords, useless in a duel, but deadly in the hands of experienced soldiers in close-order battle. 
She smiled at the man in front of her and stepped back, giving herself some room just in case a fight ensued.  “I was just beginning to think that there wasn’t a decent looking man in Tursy, but it is obvious I was wrong.”
“Well, finally,” he leered, “a woman who knows a real man when she sees one.”
His companion’s faces expressed surprise. One of them sniggered at his fellow soldier’s vanity. A second spoke up. “Cowdrey, you are so full of shit, the girl must be blind.”
He shifted his eyes toward the men who were now laughing at him. Mica knew that she had succeeded in distracting the men from their military responsibilities, away from the serious business of soldiering. But was it enough of a distraction for them to let her be? Cowdrey turned his eyes back to Mica, his expression had changed; the humour had disappeared. “What’s your name?”
“Mica.”
“I haven’t seen you here before.”
“No, this is my first time in Tursy, I’m here with my uncle, Elijah, the storyteller.”
“I know the storyteller but I never knew he had a niece.”
“Well, he could hardly take me on the road as a child, but now I am older he is educating me in the ways of the world.”
“We can educate you sweetheart,” said one of the men somewhat coarsely.
Mica moved her hand closer to her sword. The action was not lost on Cowdrey. “Quiet you morons,” he growled. “I hope you enjoy your stay here in Tursy,” he said, stepping aside and allowing her to pass.
“Thank you,” replied Mica as she gave the man her best smile and walked off.
He watched her, marveled at her beauty, she was a woman to be admired he thought to himself.
“You are getting soft in your old age, Cowdrey,” yelled the taller of the men.
He turned toward the men. “Fools, the lot of you, have any of you ever seen a woman wearing men’s clothes and carrying a sword like she was born to it before?”
No one said anything for they knew that their companion would get to the point eventually. “Didn’t any of you notice that she stepped back when I first confronted her? She was prepared to fight us, and I have a feeling that we would have been well out of our league,” he said, casting his eyes back down the road, watching the woman as she disappeared amid the throng of people, carts and cattle. He had seen this confidence before, this posturing on many men. It was the sign of a master swordsman.
Mica breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn’t wanted to fight it out. That would have been stupid. But she sensed that the man who had stopped her was no fool. He was a veteran, a man who had probably seen many battles, who had learned to recognise men and women by sight, able to appraise them and judge quickly. He had realised that she was no easy target. His instincts, his years of experience had probably just saved his life and that of his fellowmen.
On reaching the camp she was met by Robin, smiling, laughing and showing off the sewing she had been doing. It was only a piece of drab-grey cloth with some red and white patterns. She was so proud of her achievement.
“You will soon be able to make your own clothes at this rate,” said Mica as she handed the cloth back to Robin.
“Do you really think so?” asked Robin, her angelic face beaming with pride and enthusiasm.
“It’s only a matter of time and work.”
“Are you going to read to us tonight?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll go and tell the other children,” she said as she ran off.
“You spoil that girl,” said Gabriel, who was sitting in front of the fire with smoking embers puffing on his pipe.
“I only wish I had had someone to spoil me at that age,” she said sitting down on the dry log that had been pulled up as a seat.
“Thinking back, ones childhood seems to go far too quickly.”
“That it does Gabriel, that it does.”
“Where is Elijah?”
“Down in one of the inns plying his trade.”
Adar came back with an armful of wood. He deposited some of the logs on the fire and put the rest aside for later. “Mica going to read tonight?” he asked as he sat down, leaning forward and checking the blackened pot to see if the water was hot.
“It doesn’t take long for word to get round.”
“Everyone loves your stories, Mica, even some of the adults,” added Gabriel.
Mica enjoyed reading the fairy tales to the children. It gave her so much pleasure as she looked into the faces of the children and saw their reactions. Fear and concern when the dragon or the evil king was winning or plotting the demise of the hero or heroine, joy and laughter when all ended well as fairy tales should. It also brought back snippets of memories for her even though they were scattered memories, much like the pieces of a jigsaw, but this jigsaw would not fit back together. She was never able to link up the pieces and create the one picture she longed for.
That night Mica found it difficult to sleep, she was worried about the next day, worried about the children and their parents. If the soldiers came there would be fighting and they would all be in danger. She thought of the caped figure, the man she was sure was a Shadow Walker and wondered where he was and what he was doing. Would he help her? Would he acknowledge his own existence and strike out for the people if it came to a fight? Would he be a beacon for them? She couldn’t be sure as she felt that he was battling his own personal problems, his own demons.

Brannigan watched his master pace back and forth across the entrance to the cave; he had changed these last few days. He seemed somewhat agitated, seemed preoccupied with his thoughts. For the last fifteen years had served him, had lived with him high in the mountains, moving from temple to temple as his master sought the training; sought those with the knowledge of ancient times. He trained hard and became a man of iron, with immeasurable strength, patience and endurance. In the beginning he could stand up to his master with the sword, spear or knife, but now he lasted mere seconds when he fought against him. He had never seen a warrior so strong, so perfect a killing machine, yet his master had not raised his sword in anger all these years.
“Brannigan,” he said turning to face him, “tomorrow before dawn I want you to go to the marshes and watch for a woman dressed as a man, wearing a sword, and her brethren. If they cross the marsh, follow them and then let me know where they are.”
“And you, Master, what will you be doing?”
“I have to retrieve something, something that belongs to me.”
“Might I ask what is going on, Master?”
“The soldiers are coming, Brannigan, and I fear for the people in Tursy.”
“And the woman?”
“She means to fight them; she has been warned of the approaching soldiers and has prepared an escape route across the marsh.”
“She must be a brave woman, Master. There are many strong men, warriors who have known battle but they do not cross swords with the Lothians.”
“She is a remarkable woman, Brannigan. She has fire in her belly, she is not afraid and I suspect she is on some sort of mission, and she will not thwarted by anyone, least of all Lothian soldiers.”
“What is her name, Master?”
“Mica, and she is a very beautiful woman, Brannigan.”
That explained it all, now he understood why his master had been somewhat agitated and deep in thought, he had met a woman, a woman who had managed to penetrate the hard shell his master had encased around himself. For the first time in fifteen years he was having feelings, feelings that had been buried beneath the pain and anguish he had suffered. Was this woman the spark that would see his master accept what he was, what he had become, and what he had to do?
“The name means nothing to me, Master.”
“Nor to me, Brannigan, but we will hear more of it. That, I guarantee.”

* * *

Mica woke suddenly, instinctively her hand reach for the dagger beneath the blanket, something was not right. She listened for any sound that would betray what had roused her, but there was nothing. She knew then that it was something else. The Sight was trying to warn her. Mica turned her head and looked to the east, grey horizontal streaks of light filtered through the mist that hung around valleys and troughs of the mountains. The soldiers were here!
She removed the blanket, clipped on her sword and re-sheathed her dagger. She shivered in the cold, but it was a refreshing cold. A small moment of indecision entered her mind. Should they flee now and avoid any confrontation, or should they wait? Her escape plan was good and it had no faults as far as she could see. If the soldiers came to their camp it would be better if they saw people going about their normal business, women and children in view, seemingly easy prey that would put them off guard. If they found an empty camp they would begin searching straight away, the swamp would only keep them at bay for a couple of hours. They needed at least four or five hours to climb into the hills where they would be harder to find. She decided to stick to her original plan.
Deliberately and with some stealth she moved about the camp rousing each person, each family, until they were all awake and gathered together in the centre of the wagons around the charred coals of the cooking fire. They stared at her bleary eyed, each of them feeling the crispness of the morning air as they pulled on coats or wrapped blankets around themselves.
“What’s going on?” asked Elijah.
“The soldiers are coming. We need to put our plan into action.”
“How do you know this?” enquired Stan, the newlywed as he held onto his wife, Lucy’s hand. 
“Trust me, I know.”
The campfire was lit and they cooked themselves a hearty breakfast, it might be the last substantial meal they would have for a while. At the same time they packed only what they could carry; weapons, food, spare clothing and any money they had. Underneath each of the two wagons was an entrance to a small area, screened by some tarps and barrels. Here, those that would do the fighting would hide. Gabriel and Elijah would sit to the rear of the women and children, close to the forest. If and when the fighting started they would lead the women and children through the forest and down into the swamp.
“I must warn Martin and his family,” said Elijah.
“It’s too risky Elijah, if the troops come when you are in the camp you will be cut off. They will have to fend for themselves.”
Mica saw that Elijah was not convinced. “Elijah, you are the only real friend I have, I’ve had very few friends and companions and I have no wish to lose anyone.”
Elijah stared at Mica. He didn’t know she felt that way about him. He also didn’t want to lose the friendship he had with Mica, Gabriel and all the others in the small caravan, but he still felt he should warn Martin and his family whatever the consequences. “I would never forgive myself if something happened to them.”
“It still might, regardless.”
“I’ll be quick,” said Elijah.
Mica relented although she felt uneasy about it as Elijah hurried off. She had lost those who had been dear to her once before, now she had new friends, a new life to live, she didn’t want that life destroyed again. She turned back to the others as they sat waiting for her to continue the instructions. They were putting their trust in Mica, accepting her as their leader and hoping that she could protect them and lead them to safety.
“If they attack, none of them must escape, we have to kill them all,” said Mica as she peered into their eyes, eyes that showed fear and apprehension. She knew that they still clung to a small shred of hope that they would not have to do this, not have to flee for their lives. Some of them prayed, others moved back to their wagons.
Mica noticed that Robin was still standing there looking up at her. “Are the soldiers going to kill us?”
“No,” said Mica with a lump in her throat. “I’ll protect you. You have nothing to fear as long as I’m with you.”
Mica watched Robin walk slowly back to her wagon, to her parents. She was angry now, angry at the world, at a God that would allow small children to know fear, to be frightened and scared. She knew what it was like and she had no wish to see it happen to any other children. She would protect Robin and all the others with her life if she had too.
The sun rose and spread its warmth across the land, the soldiers had not appeared. Already the High Priests from the church were conducting the blessings. They needed to start early if they were going to bless all that were here. The sun was well and truly in the sky when she saw them. It was then she saw Elijah return, she breathed a sigh of relief. “You only just made it, look behind you.”
Elijah looked around and saw the mounted cavalry spread out across the saddle overlooking the camp, flashes of sunlight glinted off their armour and plumed helmets. They looked formidable in their rigid formations. Elijah and Mica watched as they saw them split into two columns, one to the right and one to the left. It looked liked they were going to encircle the camp.
For a moment Mica thought that they were going to leave them alone, leave them be. Then she saw a small group of riders break away and head toward them. “They are coming,” yelled Mica.
Everyone began moving into their positions. Mica unsheathed her sword and sat on a log seat just inside the entrance where the riders would have to file through. The moment had arrived. They were as prepared as they could be.
Fodor led his small group of men up the gentle grassy slope to the tiny circle of wagons, to the only gap he could see. His thoughts were of easy pickings, some booty and some pleasure at the expense of the pilgrims. He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he failed see the danger as he rode into the gap where he saw the women and children sitting calmly to the rear. The fact that very few men were visible never registered in his mind. Sitting on a log in front of him and barring his way was a young woman with a sword resting across her legs. His men behind him climbed from their horses. There wasn’t enough room for them to pass by their leader. Fodor also climbed down from his horse and took a step closer toward the young woman, his eyes not missing the delicate curves, the ebony eyes and the fine facial features. This woman he would keep for himself.
“You might wish to choose another path?” said the young woman in a calm controlled manner.
“Why would I want to do that?”
“Because only death awaits you here.”
The grizzled veteran drew his heavy cavalry sword. Mica did not move. He put the point of the sword in the ground and leant his two huge battle scarred hands on the handle. He laughed a hoary laugh. The men behind him joined in. “I suppose it’s you that is going to slay me?”
“Yes, you and all your men.”
“Your impudence exceeds you, but it will not save you,” he said, losing his smile.
It was then that Mica made her move, she rolled over, head down and shoulders tucked in and as she started to come to her feet next to Fodor she drove her sword deep into his groin. He hadn’t even had time to fully raise his sword, the surprise, the shock on his face at the speed of her move and the sword thrust had immobilised him. He stood there staring into space as blood spurted onto the ground like a fountain. He knew it was a fatal wound, the artery had been cut. He was dying.
Mica stepped to the side and parried the sweep of a sword from the nearest soldier. It was then that Adar and the other men burst from their hiding places beneath the wagons. The soldiers were taken completely by surprise, indecision on their faces. They were being attacked from both sides.
Adar hit one of the soldiers full in the face and continued on with the momentum of his staff to hit the knee of his opponent, who didn’t know whether to hold his face or grab for his knee as he crumpled to the ground in agony. Mica dispatched the man she was fighting, then another in quick succession, and when she looked around for someone else to fight there was no one left standing. It had all happened so quickly and now nine men lay dead, dying, or injured on the grassy turf.
In the distance she could hear yelling and screaming, there was nothing she could do about that.
Gabriel and Elijah were already leading the children off into the forest followed closely by their mothers with their tiny bundles. There was no panic, everything was going to plan. Mica and the men would bring up the rear and were prepared to fight off any more soldiers who appeared. They need not have worried as the terror and confusion in the main camp had masked what had happened, masked their escape.
The ladders hidden in the undergrowth were dragged out and systematically placed across the marsh and within an hour all the women and children had crossed the marsh, the men then followed pulling the ladders up as they went.

* * *

Penner was in his element as he stormed through the town oblivious to any pedestrians in the paved streets, some of whom were swept under the horses, their screams cut short by successive striking of hooves as he made his way to the church. With his sword in his hand he rode the big grey up the stone steps of the church and burst through the arched doorway where he was met by Father Adams. “What do you think you are doing? You can’t bring a horse in here.”
“I can do whatever I bloody well like,” yelled Penner as he swept his sword down at an angle across Father Adams’ shoulder at the neck, his head almost came away from his body.
“Search the church,” he said to his men who were pushing past him and spreading out into the building. He pushed his horse down toward the altar, trampling Father Adams’ body as he went. 
He climbed down from the saddle as two of his men came in from a side door holding a struggling priest who had blood running from a cut on the side of his head, his eyes glaring defiantly at Penner. “What do you think you are doing, this is sacrilege; you will burn in hell for this.”
Penner snorted with what was left of his nose and laughed at the priest. “Hell has been preparing a place for me for years, Father. It makes little difference what I do now.”
“The king will here of this.”
“It was the king who ordered this. He is fed up with your drivel, your meaningless blessings, your bowing and scraping to something that doesn’t exist. There are no Shadow Walkers and I doubt there ever were. We need to put this to rest once and for all. Where is the flag?”
Father Paul was astonished to learn that the king had ordered this, but was not surprised as the king had a reputation for treachery and for changing his mind. His word was never to be trusted. “The flag is not here, it is gone.”
“Gone where?”
“It was kept beneath the altar in a secret compartment. This morning when the High Priest went to retrieve it he found the compartment empty.”
“Show me this hiding place.”
The soldiers let go of Father Paul. He made his way to the altar, knelt down and removed a flat-grey stone to reveal an empty cubicle. “You see, it is empty,” he said, as he looked up at Penner.
“So it is,” he replied as he swung his sword, severing Father Paul’s head. Blood spurted out over the altar. “If there is no flag then what do we need priests for.” He turned to his men. “Burn the church and all the buildings. If you find any more priests kill them.”

Argon was woken from his alcohol-induced haze by the sound of horses in the street, of screaming. It was a sound he was all too familiar with from his time in the army. He reached for his sword and clasped it tightly in his hand as he rose quickly from his straw pallet. He staggered to the door shaking his head in an effort to clear the mist in his mind. By the time he reached the bottom of the stairs he was thinking and seeing clearly.
Ed Lowry was at the partially opened door, holding a sword in his hand. He turned and stared at Argon. “Some have already gone out and been slain,” he said as he leant his sword up against the wall. Closing the door he grabbed hold of a stout piece of timber that was used to bar the door and jammed it in place. “My advice to you old friend is to stay here. Penner is on a rampage.”
“Penner! What is he doing here?” 
Argon knew Penner from his time in the army. He was a man dedicated to his work, to killing for the sake of killing. He was a man to be feared. 
“As you know there can only be one reason for him to be here,” answered Ed. “We can do nothing but await the outcome and hope that we are to be spared.”
“Is there no way to escape?”
“No, they will have the town surrounded. Join me in a drink Argon and if they come for us we will take as many of them as we can.”
“It is all we can do,” said Argon with some resignation and fear.

Goran stood impassively inside his huge tent. He stared at the soldier standing before him with the aid of a crudely made crutch that had been cut from the fork of a tree. His right leg was broken and both eyes were blackened, dried blood was still caked on his face, his eyes reflected pain and some fear.
“A woman!” asked Goran raising his voice. “A woman killed Fodor and the rest of his men?”
“She had some help from some of the peasants, sir,” added Porta who was standing off to one side. While not making any excuses for Fodor’s failure, or the man before them, Porta saw that nothing would be gained by punishing this man further.
Goran glared at the soldier, the only one to survive. “Get out of my sight. You can live with the shame of being beaten by a woman.”
The soldier limped from the tent.
“Is there anything else I should know?” enquired Goran, shifting his steely gaze to Porta.
“It was a trap, sir. She formed the wagons into a circle with only a small entrance and hid men beneath the wagons. Then they escaped through the forest and across the swamp. I have detached a patrol to the other side of the swamp.”
“They will be in the hills by now.”
“The troops might be able to find a trail.”
“I doubt it, Porta. See what you can find out about this woman, someone must know of her.”
“Yes, sir,” he said, bowing and leaving the tent.
Goran paced the carpeted floor of his tent. The priests had all been killed, Penner had seen to that, but they had failed to find the flag. This disturbed him as is orders had been quite explicit, find the flag and burn it in front of the peasants. It was meant to be a show of strength, a sign to the peasants that there was no such thing as a Shadow Walker, and there was no hope in praying for a legend.
Yesterday, the peasants had turned on them, although they had good reason. Normally they cowered, accepted their place and did the bidding of the king’s representatives without question, but this time they had rebelled, had fought the soldiers. This was something that hadn’t happened in a long time. Was this a sign of things to come? He hoped not. Then there was the young woman. If what the soldier had told them was true she was a formidable adversary, a thinker, a woman who could wield a sword as well as any man. What he didn’t need was some leader arising from out of this, someone the people could look up too.
He sighed, poured himself a goblet of red wine. He wondered if he was getting too old for this. For the last fifteen years it had been easy. Slay a few peasants, collect the taxes and live the good life. Why was he worried now? These were minor problems, small dilemmas that should be easy to handle.
They had lost forty five men yesterday, including the eight who died at the hands of the young woman. Another forty men had been wounded, five of them seriously; they would probably die. Porta had estimated that around fifteen hundred peasants had been slain and many more wounded.
Goran had his tent erected further up the hill away from the cries of the injured and incessant wailings of mourning women. He hadn’t yet decided what to do with the town. Some of the townsfolk had turned against them as well. Penner and the local troops had seen to them. His report stated that they had killed about a hundred traitors for the loss of a further nine men. 
Penner was now drinking himself into a stupor in the local inn. In fact most of the men were drunk or sleeping it off after killing, raping and pillaging. It was a failing in the army, this drunken celebration, one day they were going to be caught out. If an enemy attacked them now they would be slaughtered. Too many years with no real opposition was making them soft and vulnerable. Although, he still had his elite guard of two hundred. They were sober and at this very moment seeing to the burying of the bodies, guarding his compound, gathering information from informers, arresting dissenters and trying to keep some semblance of order.
Goran sat down in the comfort of his lounge chair and stretched his legs. He always preferred to bring his own tent on campaigns. He now wanted to wrap up this operation and retreat to the capital where he would spend the winter; he didn’t need any extensions to his time here. Snow was already falling in the mountains. He shivered slightly, reminding him of the chill in the air. He called the servants to light the brazier.
Sometime later Porta returned with two guards and a young blond-haired man with torn disheveled clothing. His wrists were bound together at his front with rope, his feet further hobbled with a short rope. His eyes reflected defiance, something that he had seen a lot of lately, especially in the young. Was this another subtle sign that things might be changing? “Sir, this is Peter Burrows, he knows something of the girl we seek.”
Goran raised his eyebrows at the name. “Are you any relation to Martin Burrows?”
“He was my father, your men killed him.”
“That is unfortunate, he was a good man.”
Peter wanted to express his anger further but he held his tongue, controlled his ire, his only thought was to somehow escape and exact his revenge on the Lothians, to insult this man would almost certainly lead to his execution.
“What do you know of the young woman who was camped on the ridge?
“All I know is that she was supposed to be a niece of Elijah’s, the storyteller.”
“She seems to know how to use a sword, eight of my men died when they went into her camp.”
Peter felt a small inner moment of triumph at the news of her deed.
“Where did she learn to use a sword?”
“I have no idea, she kept to herself, didn’t talk about her past.”
“She escaped across the marsh with some of the peasants. You wouldn’t have any idea where she might be heading?”
Peter was delighted to hear that Mica had escaped. “I believe Mica is an orphan, she has no family, no home to go to.”
“There are others who might lead her to safety though,” said Goran, more to himself rather than to Peter. “Take him away.”
As the guards grabbed him by the arms Peter spoke.
“What are your intentions in regard to my future?”
“I haven’t decided yet,” said Goran, staring directly into the young man’s eyes.
The guards dragged him from the tent.
“You should kill him, sir, he will crave revenge.”
“You are probably right, Porta. His father being killed could create a problem for us in more ways than one. We were expecting a herd of five-hundred horses from Burrows for the cavalry. His horses are the best in the land and are sorely needed.”
“Maybe we should hold the young man to make sure the herd is delivered.”
“I think it would be wise, Porta.”
“We have his sister as well.”
“See that neither of them is harmed.”
“Is there anything else you require, sir?”
“I presume you are still sifting through the peasants looking for dissidents?”
“There are really no dissidents here, sir, these are just simple pilgrims.”
“That may be so, but a lot of them took up arms, we can’t allow that to go unpunished. I want it wrapped up by tomorrow so we can leave this place. As for the men, see to it that they return to their duties, they are becoming too sloppy, too complacent. If any disobey, hang them.”

* * *

Mica led them through the trees and through the thick scrub. She pushed them, trying to gain as much distance and height as she could before they found the bodies. Even when they did it would take some time for a patrol, or search party to reach the other side of the swamp. The only thing that concerned her was that they had to leave the horses behind. It would have been impossible to get them across the swamp.
It was well after midday when they had climbed high enough to be safe. They found a huge overhang of rock that would give them protection from the elements and a good view of the surrounding area. No one could sneak up on them.
“We will stay here tonight and then move on in the morning,” said Mica, slipping the heavily laden pack off her back.
Everyone else unburdened themselves and slumped to the ground as they were worn out from the climb. Even the children who had started out eager and full of energy were now tired and all they wanted to do was sleep. Adar was the only one who seemed to have some vigour, he was already gathering timber for the fire that they would need.
Mica sat down next to Gabriel. “Do you think they’ll come looking for us?” he asked.
“If they do it will only be a half-hearted attempt, I’m sure they won’t climb these mountains. It’s too risky; they know they could be ambushed.”
“Where are we going to go?” asked Elijah.
“Do you know of a place called Santomine?”
“I’ve never heard of it.”
“It’s supposed to be on the High Mountain Road.”
“To reach the road we will have to go through the pass. The Lothians have a fort there,” said Gabriel, stretching himself out on the ground and lying back. He closed his eyes.
“Why do you want to go to this place?” asked Elijah.
“I believe it’s a place of sanctuary, a place where we will be safe.”
“How do you know this?”
“It’s something I heard in Tursy from the priests,” said Mica. It was a small lie. “Elijah, we have to go somewhere.”
“That is true,” replied Elijah, “and before the snow starts falling in earnest.”
Mica looked to the skies that were even now swirling with puffy white clouds, a sure sign that snow was on the way. Had she done the right thing? These people were now her responsibility and were looking to her for their safety. Was this place called Santomine really a place of sanctuary? She was sure it was. All they had to do was to find it.
As darkness approached it became cold, very cold, another sign that it could snow at any time. Adar lit the fire back against the cliff where it couldn’t be seen from below. They made some hot tea and cooked some of the fresh food. Then everyone curled up to sleep as close to the fire as they could.
Mica was tired herself, but she waited until they were all asleep and then walked to the edge of the overhang and peered out into the darkness. He was out there somewhere? Would he come tonight? She needed to talk to him, to know more about this place called Santomine. She pulled her goat-skin jacket tighter about her. The cold was seeping through her clothing. She waited, but he didn’t come. She returned to the fire, threw on another log and crawled beneath her single blanket.

They all took some rousing in the morning and it wasn’t until Adar stoked the fire and had it roaring that everyone began to move about. The day was overcast and had no warmth in it. After breakfast they moved off toward the pass.
At the end of another rough day they were in a position overlooking the road that wound through the pass like a snake, the fort was further on at the highest point. No fire would be lit tonight.
“What now?” asked Gabriel.
“We wait for an opportunity,” replied Mica as she stared down at the road that was empty of travellers. “Eventually, some people must come along the road, with any luck we can mingle with them and pass through the fort.”
In the twilight of the evening Mica saw a lone rider coming along the road. This was unusual as no one travelled these roads alone. She was curious, so she made her way down ahead of the rider and waited for him to approach. The man seemed familiar and as he came closer she saw it was Argon. She stepped out onto the road in front of him. His hand immediately went for his sword. “You are taking a risk being on this road alone, Argon.”
“Mica, it’s you.” His hand left his sword. “Thank God you escaped. What of the others?”
They’re safe in the hills behind me. Come, you must join us and give us the news.”
“I’m afraid none of it is good, Mica.”
As Argon rode into the camp and climbed from his horse everyone gathered around. Gabriel passed him a mug of strong wine. “Thank you,” he said as he took a mouthful.
“What has happened in Tursy?” asked Elijah.
“As you know the cavalry surrounded the fields and the township. A group of soldiers came through the town to the church where they slew all the priests and burnt the church and the surrounding buildings to the ground. Some of the town folk, along with my two friends, tried to stop them but they were cut down mercilessly. I remained locked in the tavern and we were left alone.
“I found out later that the priests in the fields were slain as well. Some of the people rose up against them, many were killed and many have been taken prisoner. I managed to escape the town because I knew the guards even though half of them were too drunk to know who was coming or going. The troops have no discipline. They are drinking, pillaging and raping the women.”
Mica thought of the Burrows family, she hoped they were all safe.
Argon looked across at Mica. “What are your plans?”
Mica cast her eyes around the tiny group. “It’s time you all decided where you are going to go. I’m going to a place called Santomine, a place high in the mountains. The journey will not be without danger. Some of you have homes to go back to. I would suggest that you return to them. No decision needs to be made now, but in due course you will have to make up your minds.”
Stan, the young man recently married, spoke up. “We have nowhere to go. The Lothians burnt our village to the ground. We will be going with you Mica.”
“You will have to venture through the pass to reach the High Mountain Road,” said Argon.
“So I’ve been told. Do you want to come with us, Argon?”
“I’m not sure,” he said as he looked around at the small but pitiful group. They would not be able to defend themselves if attacked by soldiers or a group of bandits.  “They will have to let the pilgrims go at some time and the roads will be crowded. We can decide then what we are to do.”
“Then all we have to do is wait,” said Mica as she peered down onto the empty road that was now being swallowed up by the night.
Slowly the people dispersed and made their way to their beds. Mica, Gabriel, Elijah and Argon sat down on some rocks.
“It’s a sad day when priests are killed,” said Elijah.
“I fear this is just the beginning. The people fought back and as the stories filter across the land there will be many who will want to take up arms,” said Argon, drinking the last of his wine.
“How many were killed, do you think?” asked Mica.
“A thousand or more at least,” replied Argon.
“What of the cavalry, what will they do now?
“They will arrest and kill some, others they’ll take back to Lothia. They will set most of the pilgrims free. Winter is coming. The soldiers will not want to be caught here in the snow.” 
“Why did they do this, why kill the priests?”
“Who knows? The king probably thought they were some sort of threat; that some sort of religious fervor might accumulate from their gathering and worshipping of the Shadow Walkers.” He paused for a moment. “They were also looking for the flag, but they didn’t find it. Someone had taken it before the soldiers came to the church. Penner was in charge of the soldiers who entered the town. He was angry about that, fuming in fact; that was why he burnt the church down and would have burnt the whole town down if they had of let him. He was drinking in the inn when I left.”
“I’ve seen some of Penner’s work before; he has no heart that one,” said Gabriel.
“Probably lost it when his nose was chopped off,” added Argon with a smirk.
“That would anger any man, losing your nose.”
Mica felt a shiver traverse her body. They were talking about a man with no nose, a man who was more than likely the one she was looking for, it had to be him. She wanted to say something, ask some more questions but by now her body was shaking. She needed to be alone, needed to calm herself. Here was possibly the first of her trials, the first of her quests from the past. She rose from where she was sitting. “I’m going for a walk,” she said rather abruptly and strode off, not waiting for any comment.
“Is there something bothering her?” asked Argon.
Elijah said nothing. Yes there was something bothering Mica, he knew that she was following the path of revenge. At the mention of Penner having no nose Mica’s expression had changed, he saw the anger flare in her eyes. Was Penner one of the reasons for her path, if so, it would be a dangerous one.
Mica found a clearing, drew her sword and breathed in deeply. She began her exercises, the same exercises she had practiced for ten years. As she wielded the sword she let her mind go back to that very day when the world as she knew it was shattered. The sword became faster, a mere blur in the night as she drove herself, faster and faster, but all the time in control. When she was finished, her body was lathered in sweat despite the chill of the night.
“That was quite a performance.”
Mica turned sharply toward the voice behind her, the sword still in her hand, her breathing laboured and the fire still in her eyes.
“How in the hell do you do that?” she said as she peered at the dark hooded figure.
“Do what?” he said with some smugness.
“Sneak up on me like that. Normally I feel someone’s presence long before I see them, but with you I feel nothing.”
“It’s something that only Shadow Walkers possess.”
“So, you are finally admitting that you are a Shadow Walker, that they exist,” said Mica as she sheathed her sword.
“After what happened today I can no longer stand back, it is time for me to make my return.”
“It seems the soldiers were looking for the flag, it’s missing.”
“I have it, it will be given to them in time, as a warning, as a sign of their future demise.”
“There are around two thousand soldiers down there, too many for a single person to fight.”
“I will seek them in the night, slay some of them in their beds, they will fear the coming of the night. It will be enough.”
Mica suddenly had a thought. “How do you plan to deliver the flag?”
He lifted his head slightly. She could see the outline of his face. “I’m not sure, but it would have more effect if it was placed in the middle of the camp.”
“I could deliver it to them and tell them of your return. Tell them that they are all going to die.”
“Why would you do this?”
“I have my own reasons,” said Mica as she thought of Penner, the man with no nose. She also thought of Melissa and Peter.
“It’s too dangerous, you could be killed.”
“Many years ago the flag was placed on the battlefield of Tursy, it protected the wounded, saved them and enabled those who would have died to flee. One of those men was Agar, the man who raised me and taught me how to use a sword. Without him I would not now be on this path, would not have the chance to take my revenge. This is all part of my destiny, let me take the flag into their camp, let me seek that revenge.”
“It seems we’re both on the same path, I can understand your feelings and maybe you are right.”
He turned and disappeared back into the darkness. He simply vanished for a second or two. Then he reappeared leading a big black horse.
“I will lend you my horse, he is a feisty fellow. Be patient with him. Ride him for a while before you enter the village. In the saddle-bags there is a cape along with the flag. I wish you luck.”
He held out the reins of the horse, she took them feeling immediately the pull, the resistance from the magnificent horse.
“Whoa boy, she will be gentle with you.” He patted the horse on the neck and it settled down. “Are you still planning to head north?”
“Yes, to the place you told me. It seems that nobody knows of this place called Santomine.”
“There are those who have never heard of it, there are those who know of its existence and there are those who fear it.”
“Will we be safe there?”
“Very safe.”
“You will be heading south then.”
“Yes, I intend to follow the soldiers, to harass them all the way back to Lothia.”
“It’s my turn to wish you luck.”
“Thank you.”
“What of the horse, will you come for him?”
“No, just set him free when you are finished, he’ll find me.”
“We might not see each other for a while,” said Mica, wishing to say something more, something more appropriate at their parting.
“I’ll seek you out when the time comes, we will meet again, Mica, of that I am sure.” He hesitated for a moment, lifted his shadowed face slightly to look into her eyes, then turned and disappeared.

* * *

The soldiers, shivering in the cold and gloom of the thick morning fog, heard the sound first. It was the sound of a single horse coming toward them at an easy canter beyond the stone arched bridge. They could see nothing through the murkiness of the fog. The horse’s hooves were muffled, almost soundless in fact, except that they were growing louder as the rider came closer. Two of the soldiers stood up from their wooden bench seat beneath the overhanging split-paling verandah and stepped out onto the hard stone-paved road in front of the bridge, their honed and sharpened spears lowered out in front of them as they waited for the rider to appear.
The sound of the horse’s hooves changed, to a sharper, crisper note as the horse reached the stone bridge, they could not see the horseman and they were now a little concerned. Everyone knew they had to stop when crossing the bridge, but this rider had not altered his pace at all. They raised their spears slightly, expecting to use them.
The horse and rider, both blacker than the night, seemed to emerge from the fog like a spirit before their very eyes. They quickly took in the black-hooded cape, the lowered head, the snorting of the horse and its fiery red eyes. But it was the flag on the end of the long lance that the rider held straight and true that caught their attention. It was of the purest white and in its centre there was a black skull. There was no command, no order to stop as both of the soldiers cringed in fear at the sight. At the same time they moved aside to allow the rider to pass and to be swallowed up by the fog, the sound of the hooves growing fainter and fainter.
The rider steered past the butchery, the mangled bodies that the soldiers had not yet buried, the torn tents, scattered items of clothing, cooking utensils and personal items. How many had died? One thousand, two thousand, no one would ever really know for sure. A black, cringing dog slunk through the aftermath searching for food. Here and there a peasant moved with eyes lowered. They had been cowered into submission by the Lothians, their dreams shattered.
The twin-rutted road turned slightly as it rose to the hill where the large green tent with the imperial flags stood dormant and sagging in the windless fog either side of the entrance.
Four guards stood at the entrance, their concentration sharpened at the approach of a rider, their spears at the ready. A fifth man, a sergeant with broad shoulders, long straggly dark hair, full beard and glaring eyes stepped forward from behind the flaps of the tent, his hand resting on the huge broadsword at his side.
Like the soldiers at the bridge he saw the rider appear from out of the gloom, saw instantly the black caped, hooded figure and the rippling muscles of the huge black horse. A cold shiver swept through his body, a fear embedded in his mind from childhood as he remembered the stories of Shadow Walkers, recalled the descriptions of darker than night clothing and of the flag, the white flag with the black skull.
Shadow Walkers were nothing but ancient legends, stories made up by the old folks to scare children, so he tried to convince himself. Gripping the handle of his sword tighter he stepped forward fighting the panic deep within him. The horse reared on its hind legs, its front hooves clawing the air as the rider pulled at the reins, stopping just in front of him. As the horse settled, the rider pushed back the hood. He was surprised to see that it was just a woman, a woman of intense beauty with cold-dark eyes. He felt a small sense of relief.
“I am here to deliver a message to the general,” commanded the stern, sharp, but acutely feminine voice.
By now other soldiers had gathered; had circled around the young woman astride the black horse and carrying the flag of the Shadow Walker. The sergeant said nothing. He turned and went back inside the tent.
Mica rested her hand on the hilt of her sword; more as feeling of comfort, but it was a false comfort for she could never fight off all these men if they attacked her. The black stallion moved nervously on his hooves, he could feel the tension as well as he raised his head and snorted his dissent. Some of the soldiers took a step back, fear reflected on their faces.
She knew the general would keep her waiting. It would be his way of demeaning her, increasing her nervousness as even more soldiers gathered to see what was going on. Finally, he appeared with the sergeant and another man by his side. He was tall, broad shouldered and clean shaven, his green eyes ringed by blond eyelashes tinged with grey. He wore full armour and a gold helmet with the purple plume signaling his status as a general. He was probably in his mid forties. 
“I believe you have a message for me.”
The tone of his voice was condescending, even arrogant to a point.
“I have a message and a request.”
Mica lifted the spear and drove it into the ground in front of the general, right at his feet. The general didn’t even flinch.
“You and your men have slain innocent, men, women and children. You have killed the priests and burnt their church. You have dared to invade the fields of Tursy, a sacrilege in the eyes of all the people of Islabad, a sacrilege that will eventually see the deaths of you and all your men. From this day hence a Shadow Walker will walk the land once again. You and your men will forever fear the coming of the night. You can expect no mercy.”
All was quiet, no one spoke. The general moved his eyes from left to right peering at his men, sensing the tension and the underlying fear that was creeping through them. He stared at the young woman. “Are you, the Shadow Walker?” he said with a grin.
The tension instantly eased as the men caught their commander’s drift and a steady murmur of joviality rippled through the soldiers.
“You might well laugh,” said Mica raising her voice. “By tomorrow morning some of you will be in your grave, slain by the Shadow Walker.”
Goran took a step forward, took hold of the lance, walked over to a nearby fire and hung the flag over the flames. It flared and disappeared in an instant. He was angry now as he yelled out to his men. “There are no Shadow Walkers, no spirits walking in the night and tomorrow morning we will leave this place, all of us!” He broke the spear over his knee and threw it in the fire as the soldiers cheered.
He strode back over toward the young woman, his hands on his hips. “Are you the woman who slew my men in the camp on the ridge?”
“If you mean did I defend the women and children from your soldiers? Yes.”
“Take her!”
Mica immediately felt the rough hands reaching for her, dragging her from the horse. Her sword and dagger were taken as they threw her to the ground. She felt the boots holding her down, one of them at the back of her head driving her face into the dirt. She spluttered and swore like any man would or should. Strong hands lifted her, dragged her up to stand before the general. “Tell me of your request. It could well be your last.”
Mica spat the dirt from her mouth. “Are you a man of honour, General?”
“I would like to think so.”
“There is a matter of honour I need to see to, I believe you have a man under your command known as Penner.”
“I might have.”
“I want to challenge him to a duel, if he wins you are rid of me, if I win you let me go, along with two of your prisoners, Peter and Melissa Burrows.”
Goran raised his eyebrows somewhat at the girl’s request. He turned and looked at Porta, who in turn raised his own eyebrows. They were both thinking the same thing, here was their chance to be rid of Penner. But was it too high a price to pay, and could the girl actually defeat a veteran like Penner? Regardless, it would create some entertainment for him and the troops; it would also take their minds off what she had said about the Shadow Walker.
“I will agree to your request, but I’ll keep the young man, the girl you can have. Have someone find Penner,” said Goran to the sergeant.
Mica breathed a sigh of relief. She would like to have rescued both Peter and Melissa.
“Give her back her weapons,” said Goran to the scrawny soldier who was studying the inscription and was even now undoing the thin leather covering on the hilt. He saw the jewels.
“Sir, this is no common sword,” said the soldier as he continued to unwrap the leather binding.
Goran strode over to where the soldier was standing. He took the sword from him. He ran his fingers over the blade, felt the razor-honed edges. He saw the imprint of the wild boar and wondered what it meant. The jewels in the hilt and on the handle would be worth a small fortune. This was a sword to be admired, a sword that should belong to a king, a prince, or even a general. The soldier passed him the dagger, it was just a common dagger and no different than any other he had seen.
He twisted on the heel of his boots and took a couple steps, bringing him quite close to the young woman. She was a full head shorter than he and stood with her feet firmly planted on the ground, her dark pitted eyes staring up at him. There was no fear in this stunning young woman, there was no panic. She was completely in control of her emotions. The thought suddenly crossed his mind that this woman had been well trained, she had discipline and confidence that he had only seen in soldiers of some years experience. “What is your name?”
“Mica,” she replied, staring directly into his eyes.
Mica noticed that this man had supreme self-assurance, moved as though he belonged amid the dangers of a battlefield. He had a sword at his waist, a sword similar in dimensions to her own, she sensed, knew that he would know how to use his sword, know how to kill with it, it was what she would expect from a general. “You have no second name?”
“If I have, I have no knowledge of it, I am an orphan.”
“This is a fine sword,” he said lifting it up and casting his eyes over it, “the sort of a sword that a king would own.”
“It belonged to my father.”
“This matter of honour, it has to do with your father and Penner?”
“Yes.”
Goran rested the sword across his right forearm, the jeweled hilt facing toward Mica. “I wish you luck. You are going to need it.”
Mica took the sword, felt its comforting weight. The general gave her the dagger, which she slipped into its scabbard at her belt.
Goran ordered some seats for himself and Porta. As he made himself comfortable he suddenly found himself hoping that she would win. He would not like to see one so beautiful as her, cut to pieces.
“I fear she will be no match for Penner,” said Porta.
“I wouldn’t be so sure, Porta. This is no ordinary woman.”
“She is a woman of rare beauty. A man could easily give up all this to be with her.”
“You and just about every man in this damn army are probably thinking the very same thing.”

Penner’s head was throbbing from heavy drinking in the tavern the previous night, when the sergeant woke him and informed him he had been summoned by the general. He had told him to piss off. But the sergeant insisted that he come immediately. Penner questioned him as to why he was being summoned, but the sergeant would not elaborate. Dipping his matted hair into a bowl of cold water and then shaking his head like a growling dog, he proceeded to find his horse and follow the sergeant.
He arrived at the general’s tent to find him and Porta seated. A young woman stood beside a black horse, and men surrounded the tent in a semi circle. He leant forward on his horse and glared at Goran.
“What’s going on,” he snarled.
“It seems that this young woman here has challenged you to a duel.”
Mica stared at the man astride the horse. A shiver went through her body. This was the man who had slain her father. His battle scared face left her in no doubt. Finally, after all these years she was facing one of the men who had killed her parents, now she would slay him.
Penner snorted through what was left of his nose and then let forth with a deep hoary laugh. “A woman has challenged me to a duel? You must be joking.”
“It’s no joke, Penner. This young woman here has challenged you and I have sanctioned the duel. Are you going to decline the challenge?”
Goran knew that he had Penner trapped. He would not refuse the challenge, he couldn’t if he wished to maintain his reputation; that it was a woman would demand it of him even more.
Penner glared at the young woman, he saw the intense ebony eyes, the expressionless face, the stance of a warrior prepared for battle and her beauty did not escape him either. Why was this woman challenging him? Who was she? He leapt from his horse and drew his sword.
“Let’s get this over with. I have some whoring and drinking to do.”
One day you will meet your reason for being what you are. It will be the culmination of all your years of training. It is vital that you push from your mind the past, the pain and the hurt. You must concentrate only on the sword, on what it can do, what you can do with it.
Penner stepped forward and slashed with his sword. Mica’s swift move easily avoided it. He made several more sweeps that also failed to make contact. “Stand still you fucking whore and fight.”
“My, such manners, you must get all the girls.”
Some of the soldiers laughed.
Penner snarled and swore again as he settled down and began to fight as he should, using tactics rather than brawn. This time Mica had to parry his blows. Her plan was to defend, circle around Penner and wear him down. At the same time she would look for a weakness, something that she could take advantage of.
The soldiers were booing her, making snide remarks about the weakness of her gender. She ignored them. She concentrated only on the clashing of the swords, on Penner’s arm as it twisted and contorted in an effort to reach her, but she was way too fast for him.
Penner began to slow down. He was circling her now and only making half-hearted thrusts. Mica knew he wanted her to attack him, to maybe give him an opening. She gave him his wish. Their swords clashed in a fiery embrace. 
It was Mica who found the first opening, her sword cut into his left arm just above the elbow. She stepped back out of reach. “Do you know who I am, Penner?”
“I don’t give a shit who you are,” said Penner as the blood trickled down his arm.
“I think she has his measure,” said Goran softly.
“You could be right, sir,” replied Porta.
“You killed my father.”
“I have killed a lot of fathers, slain a lot of daughters, after I had my way with them of course. Maybe that’s what I’ll do with you, have my way with you right here in front of all these men. I’m sure they would like to see that.”
“The only thing they are going to see is your death.”
This time when Mica attacked there was no retreating no resting, it was an onslaught that Penner had no hope of fending off. Mica’s sword entered his throat and came out the back of his neck. Penner’s eyes stared at the sword in disbelief. He saw the jewels, saw the wild boar etched in the blade. He now knew who this woman was.
“You… you are, Mica,” he gurgled as he stared at her with glazed eyes.
“What do you know?” demanded Mica as she became aware that this dying man knew who she was, knew her past. “What do you know?” she asked angrily. But it was too late, Penner died with a smirk on his face. She withdrew the sword and wiped the blood from the blade on Penner’s grubby clothes. She turned to face the general who was now standing up with a slight smile on his face.
“You are quite impressive in more ways than one,” said the general, casting his eyes around the ring of soldiers. He saw the disbelief on their faces, but he knew that none of them would mourn the passing of Penner. His eyes returned to the young woman standing before him. “I will keep my word, you are free to go, but if we ever meet again I will arrest you for killing my men.”
“We may meet again, General. This is not over by a long way. I still have another to find.”
They both stared at each other. It was then that two soldiers brought Melissa to her. Melissa’s clothes were torn and her hair ruffled, there were smudges of dirt on her face and fear in her eyes.
“You are safe, Melissa, climb onto the horse, we’re leaving.” 
Melissa climbed up onto the horse without saying a word. Mica joined her. “Goodbye, General, I fear your journey home is going to be a long one.”
Goran watched her ride away, the soldiers parting to let her through. “Send a message to the king, Porta, tell him that Penner has been slain in the fighting, the flag has been burnt and the priests killed. The pilgrims have been punished and will be dispersed and that we are on our way back.”
“Yes, sir.”

* * *

Mica followed the road at a steady gallop. Once they were clear of the town she stopped and helped Melissa from the horse. Melissa fell into her arms crying. “They killed, Father,” she sobbed. ”And they… they raped me. It was horrible Mica. I’ll not be married now, I’m not pure.”
Mica did not know what to say as she recalled the day when she killed the two bandits. They were going to rape her that was for sure. How would she have felt if it had actually happened? “You still have your family and I’m sure your real friends will stand by you.”
“I feel so ashamed, so dirty.”
“You have no reason to be, it was not of your doing. Now dry those eyes, I can’t have you going back into the camp in tears, it will upset the children.”
They climbed back onto the horse and rode further along the road, Melissa’s arms around Mica and her head resting on her back. They rode in silence. Mica let her thoughts go back to the moment when her sword had made the final death blow, when Penner had known it was the end and had seen the figure of the wild boar on the blade. He knew who she was, knew about the sword. If he knew her then the other man, the leader of the soldiers who had helped slay her parents would know as well. When she found this man she would not be so quick with her sword, she would find out what the man knew first.
She shifted her thoughts to Melissa, to the people waiting for her. What was she going to do with them? It would be foolhardy for her to take them into the mountains during the winter. She was going to the place called Santomine because the Shadow Walker had told her she would be safe there. She knew in her own mind that it was where she had to go to fulfill her destiny, just as she had known that she had to leave the village and go to the fields of Tursy. Her instincts, the Sight, had led her to her enemy and allowed her to have her revenge. It would be so into the future, she had to follow those instincts. 
They came to a stand of trees. “This is where we leave the horse,” said Mica as she leapt to the ground.
“Why are you letting a perfectly good horse go,” enquired Melissa as she stood beside Mica, now having settled down somewhat.
“He doesn’t belong to me. I borrowed him from the Shadow Walker.”
“What are you talking about, Shadow Walkers don’t exist. They are the stuff of legends, of times gone by.”
“They were until now.” She urged the horse away. He peered at her for a moment, snorted and raised his head as if acknowledging her. Then he galloped off.
“I presume Peter is still alive, seeing you didn’t mention him,” said Mica as she began climbing up the steep slope with Melissa following her.
“I managed to speak to him last night, although I was not in the right mind to listen to him. Even so, I recall him telling me that they were keeping him as a bargaining chip. Father had a contract to supply horses to the Lothians.”
“Peter will be rescued along with all the others they have taken, I can assure you.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“How will your mother react to your father’s death?”
“She will mourn him greatly,” she said softly. “They will not see one horse. She will see that they are dispersed across the land. It will take the Lothians months to round them up.”
Mica was pleased that Melissa was showing some anger, some fighting spirit, it would help her get over the trauma of what had happened to her.
Mica paused to catch her breath. “Melissa, have you ever heard of a place called Santomine?”
“Yes, it is a mythical place, a place that supposedly belongs in the spirit world, some say it exists and others say it is pure imagination.”
“It had better exist because that’s where I’m going?”
The previous evening when Mica had tethered the Shadow Walker’s horse in the clearing away from the camp with some water and grain, she had told no one about the horse, about what she was going to do. She knew that Elijah and Gabriel would have tried to talk her out of what she intended to do. That was why she had left in the early hours of the morning. They would now be worried about her, but it couldn’t be helped. 
As she approached the camp it was Elijah who saw them first. His eyes showed anger but when he saw Melissa they softened. “Where have you been, Mica? Everyone has been worried about you.”
“I’ve been into Tursy and as you can see, I managed to rescue Melissa.”
It was then that everyone began gathering around, even the children. Robin was there too, clamouring for Mica’s attention. All of them were asking questions of her.
“Everyone, this is Melissa, she will be coming with us. Kate, take Melissa and find her something clean to wear.”
“How did you get into Tursy and past the guards?” asked Argon as Adar handed her a mug of hot tea.
“Thank you Adar. I borrowed a horse and I had the flag of the Shadow Walker to protect me.” She sipped at the tea as they all stared at her.
“Where did you get the flag of the Shadow Walker?” asked Elijah.
“He gave it to me along with the horse.”
“Are you trying to tell us that you are on speaking terms with a Shadow Walker?”
“Yes, Elijah, your story now has substance.”
“We have to spread the word,” said Gabriel. “We have to let everyone know. It will light the flames of rebellion and give the people new hope.”
“Yes, it could very well do that, Gabriel,” said Mica.
“Have you made any decisions on what we are going to do, Mica,” asked Elijah.
Mica looked around at the multitude of faces, at the concern and worry. “I have my own journey to take and it does not involve all of you. It would best if we went our separate ways.”
“But is it safe for us to go back onto the roads?” asked Stan.
“Maybe I should answer that,” said Argon. “Eventually they are going to have to let the people go and I would think that this will happen today or tomorrow. The roads are going to be flooded with people and it will be quite safe to travel. With so many on the roads the bandits will have no chance and if the soldiers are looking for us it will hard for them to find us among the crowd.” 
“It is time to make our up our minds where we are all going. I’m heading west, through the gates and on to the High Mountain Road and into the land of the Manutes. “You can either come with me or go back north along the main road.” 
With some murmuring the group made their decisions. Ivy and Simon with their four children would go with Mica as far as the gates as they were heading to Darfor. Stan and Lucy, Gabriel, Adar and Elijah would follow her into the land of the Manutes, the rest of the group would head north along the main road.
Kate returned at that moment with Melissa, now dressed in men’s clothing and looking a little better with some colour back in her cheeks.
“I would like to go with you, Mica,” said Melissa.
“No, Melissa. You need to go home, to be with your mother.” 
Mica turned to Argon. “Argon, would you lead these people back up the north road and see that Melissa arrives safely in Moorland.”
“If that is your wish, Mica,” said Argon, somewhat reluctantly.
“We will meet again in the spring, Argon. I will come to Moorland.”
“You will come to Moorland?” asked Melissa, somewhat surprised.
“Of course, how could I not after everything you have told me about the place.”
Mica saw Melissa smile. She would be all right with time, although she would always carry the scars of Tursy.

* * *

The king’s spy led the three horses as quietly as he could through the camp in the mustard predawn. Smoke still spiraled from the embers of the many campfires. Some of the soldiers had the luxury of tents, others with less finances huddled on the ground beneath their blankets. There was no wind. It seemed to him to be a strange stillness, quite eerie in fact as he shuddered from the cold. Or was it something else? He was leaving, it was time for him to mingle with the pilgrims, to follow the king’s orders.
Yesterday he had seen the young woman slay the evil Penner, no great loss there. But he was greatly intrigued. Who was she? And where did she learn to fight like that? He had been close enough to hear Penner’s dying words. In his death he had recognised the young woman. It was obvious to him and to everyone else that this was a matter of revenge, of a crime from the past, of some conspiracy. She was apparently the same woman who had slain a group of soldiers sent to their camp and then had fled across the marsh.
He could not help but admire the young woman. She had ridden into the camp showing no fear and carrying the flag of the Shadow Walker. This also had him intrigued. Where had she obtained the flag? It was supposed to have been missing from the church where it was hidden. Had she taken the flag from the church? He, like everyone else had grown up with the stories of the Shadow Walker. There wasn’t a man on this field that did not hold some silent fear, even though like him, they tried not to show it.
The woman he would have to find or follow. Maybe he could even join her small band of fleeing pilgrims. They would be looking for horses and he had two spare horses. She could lead him to this supposed Shadow Walker, a worthy prize for the king, and worth much gold.
He weaved his way through the camp slowly and cautiously, his eyes searching for the guards. Where were they? He hadn’t seen any at all. Were they asleep as well? He made his way onto the path leading from the camp, his eyes still searching the gloom.
Then he saw them. He almost let out a cry of alarm as his terrified eyes stared at the scene before him. Now he understood why there were no guards about. On the ground in front of him were seven severed heads, six were arranged in a circle and one was placed neatly in the centre. He immediately understood the significance of the arrangement. Each head represented the head of each province of Islabad, the one in the centre represented the king. She had warned them that he would come.
He crossed himself and then quickly made his way past the gruesome sight. This was something that the king had not foreseen. This could give the people a reason to rise up in rebellion. He was nervous and frightened as he made his way into the town where he hid the horses in an abandoned stable. The plan was to wait here until the cavalry left and the people began to move away, then he would join them on the crowded roads. He was glad that he had made his move. He wouldn’t want to be with the cavalry on their way back to Lothia, especially now a Shadow Walker had risen from the past.

Goran stood staring down at the scene before him. “Seven heads, sir, seven provinces, it is a warning.”
“I fear it is so, Porta,” said Goran as he lifted his eyes and cast them over the fields, over the town and the soldiers and pilgrims that were gathering to see the heads, to view the last shocked and surprised expressions frozen on the faces of those who had been slain.
Goran now felt his own fear. What had they started here? Was this the beginning of a new age? He knew the Shadow Walker would give the people confidence and a sense of direction. His only thought was to leave, to reach the sanctity of the Lothian borders. He would be safe there. “Have them buried, Porta. Then we will leave this place; leave it to the winter snows.”
As soon as the soldiers disappeared over the hill the pilgrims began to leave the fields, to leave behind the sorrow and pain of lost husbands, sons, daughters, wives and children. There was a sullen atmosphere among the pilgrims. It hid anger and a satanic hatred of everything Lothian. They crowded the roads behind the soldiers to the south, crowded all the roads to the north, east and west, but it was more so on the road through the pass that led to Darfor where most of the pilgrims had come from.

Mica said her farewells to those who were going with Argon. Robin was especially sad. “Will I ever see you again?” she asked.
“Yes,” replied Mica as she gave Robin a big hug; there were tears in both their eyes.
“Our town is called Osford in Moran,” she said with a sniffle.
“I will remember it.”
After saying farewell to everyone else Mica turned to Argon. “See them safe to their homes, Argon. I will come to Moorland in the spring.”
“It will be as you wish, Mica.”
The two groups made their way down the hill and onto the crowded road where they parted, her small group joined in the long slow ribbon of people heading toward the pass.
Even though she wore a drab-brown cloak with a hood, and a heavy pack on her back, the king’s spy recognised her immediately. There was no mistaking the confident stride and the sword and dagger that could be seen beneath her cloak. The handle was now bound in leather, hiding the jewelled inlay. Slowly, he moved up alongside the woman. “You have some children in your party. They are welcome to ride on my horses.”
The short stocky man dressed in green continued to ride along beside her. She wanted to keep a low profile, especially now that the general had told her she would be arrested if he saw her again. For all she knew the word might have already gone out. There might still be spies among the pilgrims.
He tried again to get a response from her. “To be honest with you I stole these horses from the Lothians. I was with them, looking after their horses. But after what happened in Tursy I decided to flee,” he said.
The woman continued to ignore him. The big ugly guy walking beside her with the thick-wooden staff glared at him. 
Behind them was a man he had seen before, he knew him as, Elijah, the storyteller. “You are Elijah, the storyteller, are you not?”
“Yes, I am,” said Elijah as he stared up at the man on the horse. He was around thirty years of age with a full dark-brown beard neatly trimmed, a rounded face and hazel eyes. His hair was straggly, not long and not short. He wore a sword at his side. 
“Have we met before, sir?” asked Elijah.
“Not personally, but I have heard you tell some of your stories and you are very good at what you do.”
“Thank you.”
“Are you chasing a new story?”
“I’m always looking for a new story.”
“Then the resurrection of the Shadow Walkers would be of interest to you.”
“It is a tale, most want to hear.”
“Then let me tell you one more, Elijah.”
“This morning when I left the camp I came upon seven heads, six in a circle and one in the centre, a rather grisly sight. This I construed as some sort of warning. I will not be the only one fleeing from the Lothian contingent.”
Mica heard what the man said to Elijah. So, the Shadow Walker had struck as he said he would. This she knew would strike fear into the soldiers’ minds and into those who travelled with them. The story would spread like wildfire from one end of the continent to the other. She smiled to herself, this could be the beginning of the end for the king.
“That is indeed the sort of incident that a storyteller could add to his repertoire,” said Elijah, keeping his reply neutral and non-committal.
It was then that it dawned on him that if he was going to Santomine he would not be able to attend this year’s guild at Darfor. It didn’t matter anyway, he didn’t have a story that would wow them, but he might have one for next year if he continued to follow Mica.
“Elijah, I really need your help,” pleaded the spy. “Let the children ride on the horses. If I try to go through the fort with no one on these horses the soldiers will become suspicious, I will be arrested and more than likely beheaded when they find I have stolen the horses. The walking is hard on the children and you would be doing me an eternal favour.”
“You are trusting of us, we could turn you over to the soldiers and take your horses.”
“I trust you, Elijah, and I trust the lady who leads you.”
So, this man knew who she was, if he was in the camp yesterday and saw the fight he would be able to recognise her. Mica stopped, turned around and peered up at the man on the horse. “What is your name?”
“Gordon Lamprey, most people call me Gordy.”
“Can we trust you, Gordy? You come from the Lothian camp.”
The silent pilgrims shuffled past the small congregation that had stopped on the side of the road. Some of them stared at the man on the horse, others at the beautiful face beneath the hood.
“I have no family, I make my own way in the world, and like many others I changed my allegiance when all seemed hopeless. We all have to live somehow. I, like everyone else yearn for the good times. Maybe they are about to return, I’m prepared to take the risk.”
“Either way it could cost you your life, Gordy.”
“One’s life is always in danger during these troubled times.”
Mica beckoned to Ivy and Simon’s four children. They could fit two on each horse.

Looking down from the northern heights a group of four uncouth, badly dressed men watched the stream of people as they moved along the road. “Plenty of pickings on the road today,” muttered one of the men.
“Too many,” replied their leader, knowing that their usual means of robbing the wayfarers was to pick a small group and isolate them. This would be nigh impossible with so much traffic on the road.
“The woman could be among them,” said one of the other bandits.
“More than likely,” replied their leader.
“I don’t know why you’re bothering to seek her out.”
“She bettered me and I’m sure she knows more about our missing men than she let on.”
“You think she killed them.”
“Yes, even more so after hearing what she did in Tursy.”
“If everything they say about her is true we would be best to leave her alone.”
The bandit leader ignored the comment. “Have the men mingle with the pilgrims. We will find her, follow her, and then wait our opportunity.”

* * *

Cowdrey had been sent to the fort in the pass to take charge the day before General Goran left. His orders were to check all the pilgrims that went through the gates. “Check them all,” his commander had said. It was impossible. There was a line of pilgrims for two miles back down the road. He couldn’t check everyone. He would be here for weeks and he hated being at the fort, it was out of the way, away from the inns and whorehouses of Tursy where he liked to spend his evenings. It was boring and mundane work with little entertainment. He would rather be on a campaign of sorts, but there hadn’t been any real fighting or wars for a long time. In fact, army life was becoming boring. Maybe it was time he found something else to do, but what could he do? His life had been the army, he knew nothing else.
His thoughts turned to the young woman he had seen in Tursy, the very same young woman he had seen defeat and kill Penner. He had been right about her. She knew how to use a sword. Then there was the message she had delivered, supposedly from a Shadow Walker. She had admitted to not being the Shadow Walker, but she had his flag, the one that had gone missing, so she must have met this so called Shadow Walker. He didn’t believe in them; saw them only as tales from a long and forgotten past.
He eased forward from the stone turret above the gate and looked down at the miserable looking throng as they filed through the gate. He noticed a group of people who seemed to be together, some dozen or so. They had three horses, two of them carried children, the third a short swarthy man dressed in green. His eyes searched the group. All of them wore capes over their heads as did most people; no one wanted to be recognised, whether they were innocent or otherwise.
One of the figures stood out, it was the litheness in her step, the bowed head and the small thin hand resting on the hilt of the sword at her side that convinced him. He knew it was the girl. His first reaction was to yell to the guards, but then he stopped himself. He had no orders to arrest her. Even the general had let her go. Why should he bother, she had earned her freedom, he would not stop her.
In the crowd no one saw Gordy slip the sealed envelope to one of the soldiers standing at the gate, who, on seeing the name on the front of the letter quickly took it and hid it beneath his tunic.
Mica breathed a sigh of relief as they came out on the other side of the fort. Everyone was smiling. She waited till they were out of sight and then she drew her little band together as she knew that Ivy, Simon and their children wished to go on to Darfor. Bidding their farewells to the children and their parents they turned off the main road to begin their journey north. Mica felt the chill of the wind and saw the first tiny flakes of snow. Winter had begun in earnest.
Mica, Elijah, Gordy, Gabriel, Adar, Stan and Lucy climbed higher up the side of the mountain on the twisting, winding road that almost came back upon itself in places, the snow became heavier and the cold began to seep through their clothes. Already there were some three inches of snow on the narrow road and the trees were sprinkled with white. The boughs of the pines almost covered the road in places, causing a tunnel effect. It gave them a sense of comfort and a false sense of security.
“We’ll need to find some cover for the night otherwise we will freeze to death,” said Gabriel, riding one of the horses.
Lucy rode the second horse led by her husband. Mica couldn’t understand why these two had elected to come with her, although they had stated their reasons and accepted the fact that the journey was not without danger. In a way she saw something of herself in them, something that might shape this new land as it could never be the same anymore, not after what had happened at Tursy. And of course, the appearance of the Shadow Walker would have a ripple effect throughout Islabad.
“Does anybody know much of this land, of this road?”
“I have never travelled it,” replied Elijah as he shuffled along in the snow. “This is the land of the Manutes, even the king’s men don’t venture here.”
“I have travelled part of it,” said Gordy as he drew his horse up level with Mica.
Many years ago the king had needed information, needed to know what lay ahead, and Gordy, a young man then, had been among some of those sent forward, disguised as merchants, to reconnoitre the land. It was very difficult as the Manutes would turn outsiders back; they had no desire to know what was happening in the lowlands, no desire to further their trade and did not want to be bothered by the wars that were being fought. On the fringes of their land there were other people living. They were tolerated, but as you went deeper into their lands, no strangers were allowed. So it was impossible for them to infiltrate into their territory any more than two days’ ride. They could not tell the king what awaited him there. The upshot of that was that the king received a bloodied nose when he had tried to advance into the steep valleys of the Manutes. They controlled the passes, the cliffs and it was impossible to dislodge them, a huge army would have been needed. The problem of supply was what finally turned the tide, the king could not feed his army and he had no choice but to leave the Manutes to themselves.
 “There are some large settlements further on,” Gordy continued, “these are trading centres where the Manutes sell their minerals, their copper, iron and even some gold for extra food and luxuries from the lowlands.”
“These settlements, are they friendly?” she asked him.
“They are full of thieves, rogues and bandits. We will have to be on our guard. I don’t like your chances of getting much further than the first two settlements. The Manutes will allow no strangers into their land.”
“We will cross that bridge when we come to it, Gordy.”
On reaching the top of the mountain the snow was deeper, although the land was flatter. Heathland it was, with low bushes and rocky outcrops. It would be a pretty sight in the summer when the low bushes flowered in their orange, white and red. Mica had seen it before on the plateau near where she grew up. All that seemed so long ago now. She had come far in these last few weeks and had changed since leaving the village. She was a different person now and it would be more so as her journey continued.
It was nearing nightfall when they saw the town, quite a large settlement nestled between two sheer mountain peaks that looked like an entrance, a gateway to the Manute lands beyond. They were cold, hungry and badly needed shelter for the night. Snow was still falling.
As they walked down the almost deserted mud-stained street Mica felt hidden eyes on them, eyes that were probably assessing them for whatever reason, or maybe they were just curious. She didn’t like this place, felt its evil lurking beneath the shadows that had now formed in the approaching darkness. Elijah moved up beside her. “I don’t like this place.”
“Neither do I,” replied Mica as she rested her hand on the pommel of her sword.
The houses and buildings were built of a mixture of stone and timber. The ashen motley stone was more than likely gathered from the side of the two mountain peaks where the scree lay heavy. The timber would have been sourced from the lowlands as there were no forests in the town’s vicinity. The rock formed the walls and the timber the roofs. Split palings kept out the rain. These were covered in green algae and turned slate grey with age. Smoke coiled from almost every stone chimney. There would be peat here to burn she surmised. It would be a source of revenue for some. A man, stooped and dressed in drab brown clothing with a bright red scarf wound around his head to protect him from the cold led a fully laden horse toward them. 
Mica called out to him. “Where might one find accommodation for the night?”
The man stopped, peered at Mica from behind the narrow slits of his scarf. For a moment all was quiet. The man seemed surprised; maybe Mica had woken him from a torpid slumber as he walked the street, oblivious to what was going on around him. Maybe he was only thinking of home, a warm fire and a warm bed. His ruffled red hair, spiked, and poking through the folds of the scarf gave him a somewhat demonic look. His voice when he spoke was low and gravelly. “Ma Kelly’s is the place you want; the others are not fit for a woman to stay in. Just keep following the road, it is on the edge of town on your left, you can’t miss it. There’s a sign out front.”
“Thank you,” replied Mica.
They eventually came to the building. It was made of the same stone, the same timber and reflected the same weathered appearance as all the other buildings in the town. It was only one storey with stables to the rear through a narrow lane on the right. A verandah of sorts covered the solid wooden door. Stone pavers lay in front of the door. The hanging sign, grey and gnarled with a tinge of red where the name Ma Kelly had been etched into the wood stood frozen and still.
“Wait here, while I go inside,” said Mica as she removed her hood.
“Adar come with you.”
“I think it would be better if I joined you as well,” said Gordy, leaping from his horse.
Mica said nothing as she looked at them and then opened the door and stepped inside. The smell of smoke was the first thing that struck them. Then their eyes saw the low beams and stained timbers in the ceiling. The room was quite large with a serving bar at one end and a multitude of wooden tables filled with people, who immediately turned their attention to them as they entered. Mica strode across the bare earth floor toward the serving bar. She could see no women. They were all men, scruffy, bearded men, who were staring at her with some disbelief. Beautiful women like this did not just appear in Mountcross. As a matter of fact no woman of beauty had ever entered this town as far as they could remember. 
One of the bearded men jumped from his table and barred her way, he was a rounded fellow with thin-blond hair and a bald patch on top. His eyes sparkled from too much wine and his bravado was obvious. “Might I offer you a seat at my table? We can have a drink or two and get to know each other.”
“If you were the last man on this earth I would not sit at your table,” said Mica knowing full well she would have to stamp her authority here in this den of depravity, or they wouldn’t stand a chance. These men were like wolves looking for prey, slay the leader and they would think twice about making any advances.
The man’s eyes sharpened, his hand went to his sword.
“If you unsheathe that sword then be prepared to die as the fool you are,” said Mica, stepping back to give herself more room, her hand rested on her sword. She met his eyes with a steely gaze; she was angry.
Others at the man’s table went to stand, Gordy unsheathed his sword and Adar raised his staff.
“This is between the lady and the gentleman,” said Gordy, rather politely.
The men sat down. It was very quiet in the room. A big woman with a round, middle-aged face and long-black hair tied back, entered the room. She was wearing a black dress that comfortably fitted her large frame. Her eyes quickly took in the scene. She said nothing.
The man’s bravery had somewhat diminished. He had placed himself in this situation knowing he had plenty of friends to back him up, but now it seemed no one wanted to help him. The anger seethed in him. He began to draw his sword, yanking it from its leather scabbard, but he was far too slow. 
The woman had drawn her sword with lightning speed and now its tip rested at his throat. “Who will speak for this man, who will save his life?”
Mica could see the surprise in the man’s eyes and then the fear as he realised she meant to kill him if no one spoke for him.
He began to sweat, alarmingly. He could feel the perspiration running down from under his armpits, the dampness on his brow and lip. You could have heard a pin drop in the room.
“I will speak for him. Chester is a fool and has a big mouth, he tends to act before he thinks. I’m sure he will apologise whole heartedly,” said the woman, stepping closer, her hazel eyes locked onto the man named Chester.
“Ma Kelly is right,” he stuttered, “I act before I think. The drink you see, it befuddles the mind. I sincerely apologise for my actions.”
“You invited death by your actions. Heed this warning, if I have to draw my sword to you again you will die in an instant,” said Mica, removing the sword and sliding it back into its scabbard. The man bowed slightly, retreated and sat down with his friends.
“In all my born days I have never seen a woman better a man with a sword. Ma Kelly’s the name, I presume you are looking for lodgings?”
“Yes, for myself and my six friends. We have three horses as well.”
“The horses can be put in the stables out back. The stable boy is there. I only have one room available with four single beds,” said Ma Kelly. She moved back to the bar. Mica followed her while Adar and Gordy went back outside to see to the horses.
Gordy led two of the horses to the stables, while Adar led the third. Elijah followed with Stan and Lucy. A young man dressed in grey furs with a white fur cap met them at the door. He was only about nineteen or twenty. He walked with a limp. He reminded Gordy of the Manutes; they wore furs. “Can I help you, sir?”
“Yes, we need these horses stabled and fed.”
“I presume you have seen Ma Kelly?”
“Yes, it was she who told us to bring the horses here.”
“Follow me,” he said, limping back into the stable.
“Are you a Manute?” asked Gordy, entering the stable where the odour of hay and horse dung prevailed. It was a smell that he rather liked as it reminded him of his own childhood, a happier time in his life.
“Yes, I work here in the spring, summer and autumn. In the winter I go back to my home in the mountains. Ma Kelly pays me well, the money helps the family.” He took the horses from them and led them to some fresh fodder where he tied them up and removed the saddles.
Gordy had a thought; this young man might be able to help them with some information, or maybe even guide them into the land of the Manutes. “What’s you name?”
“Yost, sir.”
“Tell me, do you know of a place called Santomine?”
“Yes, it is a sacred place high in the mountains at the head of the Valley of the Skulls.”
“The Valley of skulls, what is that?”
“It is called that because the bones and skulls of the vanquished are often ploughed up by the farmers. Over the centuries many have tried to conquer the land of the Manutes, all have failed. While ever Santomine stands, while ever it lives in the heart of the Manutes, the land will never be taken.”
“Do you know where this place is?”
“North of here and high in the mountains, the people who live in the valley guard it jealously.”
“The young woman I am with seeks this place, wishes to go there. Is there anyone who will guide us?”
“No one will guide you there. Strangers are not permitted past the town of Grada.”
Gordy knew this town. It was about two days ride from here. It was as far as he could go when he was seeking information for the king. How was Mica going to get past Grada?
In the short time that he had been with her he had been surprised at her intelligence, her strength, her poise, her beauty and her confidence with the sword. She was truly a woman to be admired. But he could not let himself be distracted by her indomitable spirit, to be affected by her charm.
The king had instructed him to hang around after Tursy, in other words he was given free reign to gather information. The girl, the Shadow Walker and now a possible route into the Manutes would add to this. To find a route to Santomine, to see its defenses and maybe find some weakness would earn him much gold. Maybe after this he could finally afford to retire and leave this dangerous work behind and lead a normal life. “I think my mistress will want to speak with you.”
“I will be of no help, sir. I am but a lowly village boy.”

Even though Mica had plenty of money, she didn’t wish to over spend or reveal that she was carrying silver and gold. “We have a storyteller with us,” said Mica as Elijah stepped inside. “He will entertain your guests; in return I would ask for free board, the food and drink we will pay for.”
“Sounds fair enough, we never have any storytellers here. We are too bloody far off the main roads.”
“I think you might want to hear what he has to say, things are changing in the lowlands.”
“For the bloody better I hope,” she said, leaning her elbows on the bar.
The rest of the group came inside carrying their bulky packs and shook the flaking snow from their clothes.
“Is everything all right?” asked Elijah. “Gordy said there was a problem.”
“No, it has been sorted out,” replied Mica.
“Are you the storyteller?” enquired Ma Kelly, after casting her eyes over the rest Mica’s group.
“Yes.”
Mica led them to their room. Two of them would have to sleep on the floor. At least it would be dry and far warmer than sleeping outdoors. “I would suggest that at least two of us stay in the room at all times to keep an eye on our gear,” she said to the others as they filed into the small space.
Mica knew that Gabriel had a hoard of money stowed away in his pack, as did most of the others to some degree. Robbers would know, would expect them to be carrying money and their greed would supersede any morality they felt. Stan and Lucy agreed to stay while the others went for something to eat. One of them would return with food and drink for them.
It was good to feel the warmth of the fire and to have something hot in their bellies. Shifty eyes watched them from among the men in the crowd. Mica had no doubt that many, if not all of these men were robbers and thieves. The man named Chester had left by the time they had come back. She knew she would see him again. This man would not take the rebuff lightly. He was a fool. Agar had been right, men were so stupid when it came to seeing a woman as their equal; for some reason they would not accept it, even if it meant dying.
Gordy had told her that the stable boy was a Manute and would soon be returning to his home for winter, and he knew all about Santomine. He suggested that she have a word with him.
After they had eaten, Elijah stayed on to weave his tales while the rest of them retired, all except Mica. She slipped on her hooded cloak and went to the stables. It had stopped snowing but the ground had hardened into a frosty crust. Her boots crunched through the icy layer as she strode to the weather-worn wooden door of the stable. She pushed at the door. It creaked on its leather hinges. It was gloomy and dark inside the stable. She closed the door. “Have you no light?” she said, sensing that the boy was there watching her.
A tapir flickered. An innocent, young, boyish face stared at her from out of a ring of yellow light. Then he moved the lit tapir down to an oil lamp that sat on a box. As the light gathered she could see that the young man had a rudimentary living space eked out in one corner of the stable. He stood up, letting the thick hide he was using as a blanket slide to the floor. He was taller than Mica by several inches. Even though he was thin the bulkiness of the furs he wore made him look bigger.
Mica let the hood of her cape fall away as she stepped closer to the light, closer to the boy. She saw his eyes move over her, taking in her attire, her sword and maybe even her figure that could still be distinguished beneath her clothes. He was a young man after all. His eyes returned to her eyes.
“You are Manute?”
The young man just nodded, it was as if he was too scared to speak.
“And you know of Santomine, know where it is?”
He nodded again.
“Could you take us there?”
“It...it is forbidden to take strangers there,” he said, finally finding his voice.
“What do you know of the lowlands?” she asked, hoping to find another way to make him come round.
“Only what I hear in the inn. It is ruled by a bad king and the people suffer greatly, that is why our people don’t allow strangers into our land.”
“What do you know of the Shadow Walkers?”
The young man’s eyes flickered; they now showed some interest. 
“What if I told you that I have seen a Shadow Walker, even spoke with one?”
“That’s impossible,” he said, gasping slightly in surprise.
“Why?”
“Because they don’t exist anymore, everyone knows that.”
“Inside the inn is a storyteller; he travels with us and at this very moment he is telling the people in there about the existence of a Shadow Walker, about his arrival on the fields of Tursy.”
“I don’t believe it.”
“Believe what you will, but it was the Shadow Walker who told me I should go to Santomine.”
“He told you to go to Santomine?”
“Yes, he was quite adamant about it.”
“Santomine is said to be the birth place of the Shadow Walkers.”
“Is that so?” said Mica.
He had said that she would find safety there, but was there more to this, was he using her as some kind of messenger? Who was at Santomine? “Tomorrow morning we leave this place, we are going to Santomine regardless.”
“They will not let you through.”
“We shall see,” said Mica, smiling at the boy.
“Why do you wear a sword?”
At first Mica tried to think up some answer that would cover the situation, some small lie perhaps, but she looked into the innocent eyes of the young boy. Lies would do this boy no good. “Do you have parents, siblings and relatives?”
“Yes, back in my village.”
“I have no one. Because all that was dear to me was taken from me by evil men in the lowlands. That is why I wear a sword.”
“What’s your name?” asked the young man, gaining some confidence.
“Mica.”
“And yours?”
“Yost, I’m from the village of Bredal, my family lives there.”
“You are a fine looking boy, your family should be proud of you. In the morning we leave for Santomine, with, or without your help.”
Mica turned, left the stables and closed the door behind her. The moon had risen and now bathed the ghostly land in an eerie light; it was almost equal to daylight as the silver of the moon bounced back off the white of the snow. She stopped and took in the fairy-like scene before her. Days before, she had witnessed the horror of killing on the fields of Tursy and she had been part of it, taking more lives in her quest for revenge, and it wasn’t over yet. The peacefulness of the scene before her brought back thoughts of what her life might have been if her parents were still alive. They could have been happy and living in a state of peace, much like the picture before her now. But it could not be, could never be, until she had taken her revenge and found out who she was.
After Mica had left, Yost sat quietly in the flickering shadows of his lamp. He had never seen a woman so beautiful, and to top it off, she was a warrior. That was what Yost wanted to be, a warrior, but a fall from a horse a few years ago had injured his hip leaving him with a permanent limp. In the Manutes, the first son was always trained to be a warrior, to be the protector of their lands. This duty now fell to his younger brother, Gavin, who was already preparing himself for a warrior’s life, while Yost had to be content with menial tasks. The money he received from working with Ma Kelly was gratefully received by his family; it was the least he could do.
His thoughts went back to this woman warrior, her quest to reach Santomine and her story of a Shadow Walker returning to the fields of Tursy. Was this true? If it was then this would be news that he should carry to his family, to his village, and to all the Manute people.
Here was his chance to do something that would make his family proud of him, something that a warrior would do. He could not fight, but he knew the land of the Manutes, knew how to reach Santomine. If he could not be a warrior then at least he could be part of what was happening in this land, part of the destiny of this woman warrior.

Elijah had finished his story telling, in fact, he had made it as short as he could, for he was tired. They all were from their journey up the mountain road. On returning to the room he found that Mica wasn’t there. Gordy told him that he she had gone to the stables to talk to the Manute boy. He went to see where she was. On leaving the building he saw her standing out in the open, her back to him. She was looking around at the moonlit land. He himself could not help but be drawn to its splendour too.
Without turning around, Mica spoke to him although he was some yards away and behind her. “Your story telling is over, Elijah?”
Yes,” he replied, suddenly aware that she knew he was there and who he was without even looking around.
Back in Cragmoor the inn-keeper spoke of Mica as having the Sight, he hadn’t believed it then, but with each passing day he was convinced that the inn-keeper had been right. Too many things had happened. She seemed to know in advance what was going to occur, or if someone was approaching them, like the bandits on the road to Tursy.
“They are finding it hard to believe that there is a Shadow Walker. They were also asking questions about you. They want to know who you are.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I told them you are my niece and have been trained as a warrior.”
“I suppose that will suffice. As for the Shadow Walker, when word reaches the four corners of the land, when his deeds are told, they will believe.”
“You think the people will rise against the king?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well, nobody can do much over the winter. It will be the spring that will bring the fighting if it is to happen,” said Elijah with a shiver.
“In the meantime we go to Santomine.”
“And after Santomine?” he asked.
“I still have one more man to seek for the death of my parents and after that I want to find out who I am. Those are the things that are most important to me.”
“What about the Shadow Walker and what’s happening in Islabad?”
“It’s all intertwined, Elijah, it is all part of our journey.
They returned to their room where most were sleeping, all except Gabriel, who was sitting on the floor smoking his pipe. “They say we have no chance of reaching Santomine.”
“Everyone is saying the same,” replied Mica, finding a space on the floor and settling down with her pack as a pillow. She pulled her cape tighter around her.
“Goodnight, Gabriel.”

* * *

“Lucy, are you all right?” asked Mica, resting her hand on Lucy’s shoulder as she spewed the contents of her breakfast up in the snow outside the inn.
She looked up at Mica. Her face framed by her tousled blond hair was pale and her eyes watery. “I think I am with child,” she said with a forced smile.
“Does Stan know yet?”
“No, I was waiting to be sure.”
“I’m so happy for you, Lucy.”
“Yes, but where will my child be born, where will its home be?”
“Don’t you worry about that, I will find a place for you and your child, a place of safety,” she said, immediately thinking of Santomine. “When do you want to tell Stan, he will be worried about you if he sees you being sick?”
“Later, he will only fuss over me if he finds out.”
“Is that so bad?”
“No,” she replied, still smiling.
Mica put her arm around Lucy’s shivering body and helped her back into the inn where the others were finishing their breakfast.
“Lucy, what happened?” asked Stan, his green eyes showing obvious concern.
“It must have been something she ate,” added Mica, sitting Lucy down.
“I feel a lot better now,” said Lucy, reaching across the table and grasping her husband’s hand.
“Mica,” said Gabriel, “we’re going to need some more horses. It will be too hard walking in the snow.”
“He’s right, Mica,” added Gordy. “The snow is only going to get deeper.”
“Horses will be at a premium at this time of year and more so up here,” said Elijah.
“I’ll see what I can do,” said Mica, striding across the floor toward the kitchen where Ma Kelly was working. The smell of fried bacon wafted through the air.
The inn was a hive of activity, some of the men were eating their breakfast; some were gathering their goods and donning warm clothing as they left the inn to take the last of the seasons ore carts down to the lowlands. Others were paying the clerk at the counter. All of them, at one time or another, glanced at Mica, aware of her beauty and also of the sword she carried.
Ma Kelly wiped the sweat from her wide brow, the heat from the fire was welcoming to Mica, but not so for Ma Kelly who backed away from the heat as Mica approached. “Good morning, did you sleep well?”
“I’ve slept better, but don’t get me wrong, it was dry and we are all very grateful.”
“Well, it is officially winter, are you still hell bent on going on in this weather?”
“It’s fine outside.”
“This is just the lull before the storm. The men are leaving. Soon it will be just me, my servants and a few hardy soles.”
“Take some words of advice, Ma Kelly, leave here before the end of spring, or at least have an escape route worked out.”
“Is this to do with the Shadow Walker?”
“Yes. The people will begin to fight the king. He will send his armies north, and I fear he will try and make sure that there is no opposition left this time, and it will be especially so for the Manutes.”
“I will heed your advice.”
“I need horses. We are willing to pay a fair price?”
“How many do you need?”
“We will need four.”
“I can’t give you the best horses you understand, because if what you say is true I will need the best ones for myself,” said Ma Kelly, undoing her apron and throwing it over one of the chairs at the large wooden table in the centre of the kitchen. “I’ll be back in a moment,” she said to the middle-aged couple working with her in the kitchen. She threw on a heavy hooded cloak and tied the leather laces together; then she led the way out the back door to the stables. Mica followed her.
“Yost, where are you?” she yelled on entering the stables.
Yost appeared from out of one of the stables where he was attending to a horse. It was saddled and a second horse was standing at the rear loaded with some packs. Mica looked over at Yost’s corner where he slept. It was completely bare. Ma Kelly saw the same sight. “Are you leaving us, Yost?” she asked.
“Yes, it is time I went back to my family.”
“I was hoping you would stay a little longer this year.”
Yost looked at Mica as he spoke. “I think the time is right for me to go back. If we get some heavy snowfalls I might not get away from here at all.”
Ma Kelly was about to enquire if he was coming back next year when she remembered what Mica had told her. She might not be here herself and she suspected that Yost was leaving now so he could ride with this young woman and her entourage.
“This lady needs four horses, not the worst and not the best, you understand?”
“I will have them ready within the hour.”
Yost left them as Mica and Ma Kelly haggled over the price. Mica ended up paying twice the normal rate, four silver coins. She now only had her gold coins left.
Mica returned to the inn where the others had gathered their gear and were preparing to leave. “Gabriel, I must speak with you,” she said as she drew him aside.
“Yes,” he said as he complied, knowing that she wanted to speak to him in confidence.
“You have change, plenty of money?”
“Too much I fear, Mica. I worry about bandits.”
“As we all do, Gabriel.”
“We will need to buy more food and supplies along the way. I have some money but it is in gold coins, if you could exchange one of these for some loose coins, I would be grateful, as to pay in gold would invite danger.”
“Keep your gold, Mica. I, along with everyone else, owe you my life. The soldiers would have slain us back in Tursy.”
“Well, it’s your decision, Gabriel.”
“So it is, Mica,” said Gabriel with a smile.
When they went back to the stables all the horses were ready. “I will ride with you to Grada,” said Yost to Mica.
“You’re most welcome, Yost,” said Mica with a grin. The boy was coming round, his curiosity and maybe the thought of some adventure had spurred him on.
They set off at a steady pace and rode in silence for most of the day. The boy eventually taking the lead, it was a further sign that he had changed his mind. The weather stayed fine and there was virtually no wind as the horses picked their way along the stony track. It was Yost who found them a campsite, a place he knew had been used many times before. It was a small overhang next to a cliff. The remnants of fires and the down-trodden earth was evidence of many years of visitation.
Adar was quickly away looking for firewood. He would have to go further out than normal as all the wood close by had been chopped, lopped and burnt. Gabriel found a spot where he could sit up against the rock and admire the view, which was considerable. They could see back over their trail and further on. It was a good campsite. No one could sneak up on them here.
Stan and Elijah decided to help Adar find some wood. Mica and Lucy retrieved the cooking pots and had some food ready for when the fire was lit.
Yost was hobbling the horses. The boy seemed experienced beyond his young years. Then he prepared his bedroll and his own cooking utensils.
“A nice hot cup of tea would go well,” said Gabriel, stretching himself.
“It would be welcome indeed,” replied Mica, sauntering over to where Yost was sitting.
“The men back at Ma Kelly’s, they are not all miners and traders?”
“No, many of them are thieves and bandits looking for people to rob.”
“I thought so,” she replied.
“What is the country like we will be going through tomorrow?”
“We will be passing through steep ravines and narrow paths. It is a favourite location for bandits as there are many places where it’s easy to set up an ambush.”
“Can we go around it?”
“Yes, but it would take us at least two, maybe three, days to get to Grada. If you are to reach Santomine before winter really sets in you will need to save every day you can.”
Mica turned her head and looked north at the snow capped mountains in the distance.  “Is Santomine in those mountains?”
“Yes, and beyond,” he replied, shifting his own eyes in that direction.
“Have you changed your mind about leading us there?”
“I’m thinking about it, mulling it over,” said Yost, not wishing to let Mica know of his final intentions.
He would have to see his family first and then talk to his father about leading Mica and her small party to Santomine. He knew his father would be against it, especially at this time of the year. They would have to cross over Keepers Saddle, a place of ice and snow, a place where death and winter paired up like two lost friends. If they could reach it before the worst of the snowfalls they would be right, but if the snow was deep, it would be virtually impossible to make their way across.
Later that evening as they sat around the campfire, enjoying its warmth after a long day in the saddle, Mica spoke of the ravines ahead. “Seeing as we have attracted some attention at Ma Kelly’s, I suspect that bandits might try to attack us.”
“You think that guy you tangled with was a bandit?” asked Elijah, leaning back on a huge boulder.
“Yes, I’m absolutely sure of it, and I’m also sure that someone will be waiting for us in the ravines.”
Elijah knew not to question Mica. He had already seen many of her premonitions come true. There was no reason to believe that this one would not be true. He trusted her judgment. “What do you propose we do?”
Mica thought about it for a while. “If they have been watching us they will know that we’ve camped for the night. They will not be expecting us until the morning. We will go through the ravine tonight.”
“It might just work,” replied Elijah.
“Everyone sleep, at midnight we move out.”

No one spoke as they saddled up. The sky was pitch-black. There was no moon as the clouds had gathered. It could be the sign of an impending storm.
“From now on there will be no talking and as we reach the ravine everyone will wrap some cloth on the hooves of their horses,” said Mica, leading them down onto the road with the campfire still blazing behind them. Mica had made sure the fire was topped up just in case they were being watched.
Moving at a steady pace Yost pointed out the start of the ravine as he drew up beside Mica. “In an hour we will be in the centre of the ravine, if bandits are about that is where they will be,” he whispered.
Mica nodded to him and urged her horse on at a quicker pace. They had to be through the ravine before dawn. The cold night air began to bite into Mica’s fingers as she held the reins, urging the horse on. Her toes in her boots felt numb. When they reached Grada she would have to buy gloves and extra clothing for them all. She looked to the darkened sky, the wind was picking up. Good, it would help muffle any noise as they pass through the ravine.
Yost who was still riding with Mica slowed his horse. “The main part of the canyon is up ahead, we should muffle the horse’s hooves now.”
Mica stopped, dismounted and began wrapping her horse’s hooves with spare clothes from her pack. This she knew would probably ruin them. The others followed suit, even Yost. 
“We will lead the horses through,” said Mica, moving off. Gordy and Adar brought up the rear.
The cliffs began to loom over them, dark and threatening. Along the edges of the cliffs either side of them was sloping ground that held large boulders and patches of trees, ideal places to hide. They were bunched up like a school of fish, none of them wanted to be left out in the open to maybe be the first taken by an arrow. Mica had removed her bow and notched an arrow while tying the reins of her horse to her belt, she noticed that Gordy had done the same.
It became even darker as they as they entered the canyon proper. Yost limped along beside Mica. She whispered to him, “How long will it take us to pass through and be out of danger?”
“Two hours at least,” he replied.
Mica did not reply. She didn’t want to risk any more noise than was necessary. The muffled hooves on the horses made virtually no sound at all. With a little bit of luck they would make it through without the bandits knowing.
They had probably been travelling for an hour when Mica, peering into the night ahead of her, detected movement. She called a halt and then indicated to the others that she was going forward to check on what she had thought she had seen. Carefully, with each foot placed softly in front her, she tested the ground before she put her weight to it. She crept forward with the bow half drawn. It would take her a mere second to complete the draw, aim and let the arrow fly.
She came to a huge rounded boulder and stopped to listen. She heard scuffling, it sounded like clothing brushing against rock. Drawing the bow back to its full length she edged around the huge stone. The bandit was standing up rubbing the itch in his back up against the rock. That was the sound she had heard. He was dressed in dark brown clothing with a red scarf wrapped around his neck head and face, which only left a slit for his eyes. The gap hid the bandit from being seen from the road but he could clearly see the road from where he stood. He must have walked out past the edge of the rock and that was what Mica had seen.
 In that instant, as she stepped into the open, the bandit saw her and reached for the horn hanging at his side. Mica let the arrow go. It was a mere ten feet. The arrow buried itself deep into his chest with a resounding thud, but still he continued to raise the horn, to try and put it to his lips to warn his companions of their approach. Dropping the bow, Mica drew her sword and ran to the bandit. The razor sharp edge sliced through the bone of the man’s wrist. The hand, still holding the horn fell to the ground. Blood spurted from his wrist. The eyes in the slit stared at her in agony and finality as he slowly slid onto the ground against the rock he had been leaning on.
Mica picked up the bow and retreated to where the others were waiting, Elijah met her. She whispered to him. “There was a guard with a horn.”
“Then we must go quietly,” he said, in a whisper.
Knowing they had a guard who would signal them at the approach of someone, the rest of the bandits were more than likely sleeping soundly, as must have been the case, for as they continued they saw no one.
A yellow, mustard dawn began to filter through a gap in the clouds as they came to the end of the ravine. Removing the now ragged clothing from the horse’s hooves and discarding them, they mounted up.
The bandit leader was fuming. Twice this woman had bettered him, now he would have to enter the land of Manutes to find her. That in it itself created more risk, more danger. He turned to one of his men who was a Manute.
“Follow them, Rico. It’s obvious they are heading to Grada. We will take the route over Henderson’s Pass and meet you at the crossroads on the other side of town.”
Chester looked at the bandit leader with questioning eyes, for he knew that Henderson’s Pass was a very narrow trail perched on the side of a cliff, it was dangerous and would be more so if it snowed. Also, they would be entering the land of the Manutes illegally and if they were apprehended they would be slain.
“Are you scared, Chester? asked the bandit leader with a smirk on his face.
“It will take us three days to negotiate the pass, we could lose them.”
“Rico will follow them, or find out where they’re going. He has friends who will help us for some coin. The tinker alone will carry a considerable sum of money as he did well in Tursy. Then of course there is the small matter of the woman. Who would not want to have her, we will sate our desires, our revenge and cover our costs.”
The thought of having the woman, of taking out his revenge by ravishing her brought a smile to Chester’s face. All the dangers were suddenly forgotten.

“Another three hours and we will be at the gates of Grada,” said Yost.
“Then let’s waste no time,” uttered Mica as she dug her heels into the horse’s flanks.”
Later as they slowed the horses, Elijah had time to admire the beauty of the landscape. The road they were travelling on had been dug into the side of the bank. It was well made, flat, and covered in white gravel. On the right was a lake, dark blue beneath the overcast sky. Along the edge in the narrow space between lake and road were a sprinkling of houses and boathouses. They were all built the same, with black stone foundations and walls that continued up to about halfway where there were wide silver-grey boards. Each roof was covered in slate and aged with moss; some grass even grew on them. Smoke drifted up from some of the stone, soot covered chimney openings. Pale faces stared out at them from some of the windows. On the left was a high mountain, craggy and treeless. Ahead, he could see the snow covered spires of the mountain peaks; the land of the Manutes.
They continued on at a good pace, the valley began to narrow and the mountains became closer, the cliffs slowly closing in on them. Elijah could understand why the king had never defeated the Manutes, the country was suited to defense, a few well-placed soldiers could keep an army at bay for a long time.
“It’s not far now, said Yost. “You can already see the battlements above the hill.”
Mica could indeed see the stone wall rising into the sky. Rounding a bend in the road, the gates and the wall came into view. It was formidable obstruction. The wall was about forty feet high and was probably about twenty feet thick at its base. To scale this wall would be suicidal. The double wooden gates that were closed looked like the weakest point. A fire or a battering ram could break it down with time, but then any attacker would have to take enfilading fire from two wooden ramps that protruded from the walls.
“Let me speak,” said Yost as he approached the gate.
“Yost, is that you?” yelled a burly, black-bearded guard from the wall dressed in a coat of thick off-white fur.
“Yes, Tang, it is I,” he replied in an equally loud voice.
“You travel with strangers, Yost.”
“With good reason, Tang, they bring news from the lowlands, news that must reach Santomine.”
“This had better be good, Yost, or I will skin you alive.”
Yost turned to the others. “Tang is all right, he is like a big bear, lovable but fearsome. He is my uncle.”
“Open the gates,” yelled Tang.
As the gates slowly creaked open Gordy peered inside, expecting it to be open and clear, envisaging that an army could easily break through the gate and assault the town, but it was not so. Inside were two narrow lanes surrounded by stone walls and more gates at the end. Any army bursting through the first gate would be funneled into the two narrow lanes and then destroyed from above. It was a trap of deadly proportions.
“And I thought it was just a wall,” said Gabriel, as he too realised the consequences of someone breaking through the gate.
“Very clever,” added Mica.
Yost led them into the lane on the left. Soldiers dressed the same as Tang peered down at them with arrows notched. The second gate opened and the town beyond could be seen. Tang stood there waiting for them. A squad of ten men armed with spears stood behind him. He was taking no chances.
Tang studied the group. There were two elderly men, a young man and a woman who rode together, a couple he deduced; a big man with a long staff tied to his back and a man dressed in green. Finally, his eyes turned back to the young woman riding beside Yost. She wore high, brown leather boots, dark trousers and a light tan and white fur coat made from goat skin. Over this she wore a brown cape. She was wearing a sword and a dagger. Her hair was short, her skin olive and her dark eyes piercing. 
This is a woman to be admired, he thought. “So, what is this news you bring, Yost,” he enquired in a deep throaty voice.
“I think Mica here can explain it better than I.”
Tang shifted his eyes to the young woman.
“A Shadow Walker has risen from the fields of Tursy,” said Mica, keeping it simple.
Tang moved his eyes back to Yost, who shrugged his shoulders.
“You have seen this Shadow Walker?”
“Yes, it was he who told me that I should go to Santomine.”
“You want to go to Santomine?”
“Yes.”
Tang’s thoughts were divided, as far as he knew there were no Shadow Walkers alive today, but if this woman spoke the truth then it would be news that may indeed be welcome at Santomine. “You will come with me,” he said pointing to Mica. “Yost, take the rest of these people to the boarding house.”
Mica nodded to the others. “I will join you as soon as I can.”
Climbing down from her horse she handed the reins to Yost who led the others away. Mica followed Tang as he strode off, the soldiers falling in behind. Her instincts, or maybe it was the Sight, told her she had nothing to fear, there was no danger here. “Where are we going?”
“To see Captain Jago, he’ll be none too pleased at the intrusion. He is holding a banquet for some of his more prestigious colleagues.”
Tang led her along the street past several stone buildings. Some of the men and women they passed stared at Mica. They came to a tall building made of stone, with grey moss covered tiles on the roof. There were four guards, two either side of the wide doorway that stood open.
Tang climbed the stairs. Two of the guards crossed their spears blocking his way. “State your reason for entering,” one of them demanded.
“I have a stranger here from the lowlands, she brings news that the Captain should hear.”
The guard’s eyes moved away from Tang and peered at Mica for a little longer than was necessary. “What is this news?”
“A Shadow Walker has risen.”
“You joke of course?”
“I’m only delivering the message, whether it is a joke or has some substance is for Captain Jago to decide,” said Tang, putting the pressure back on the guard.
“Wait here, he will not be pleased at being disturbed,” said the guard lowering his spear and retreating into the building. One of the other guards stepped up into his place.
“Do you have any evidence to support your claim?” asked Tang, turning to Mica.
“It can all be substantiated. You only need to send someone to Darfor. There they will learn the truth and much more, I fear.”
For some reason Tang believed this young woman, he also sensed the warning in her words. He could not help but pass his eyes over her. She was incredibly beautiful and wore a sword like she was born to it. Her hand rested on its leather bound handle, as it had all the time they had been walking.
The soldier waited nervously in the banquet room, one did not just announce oneself to the captain at a moment like this. One waited until he was ready. There were twelve people seated at the huge elongated table, it could hold twice that number. There was the captain, round faced and bald headed, both of which were already shining with a steady glow, much like a ripe cherry. He had obviously consumed a fair amount of wine. His wife, also round faced, had straight dark hair down to her shoulders. She always commanded the conversation at the dinner table, as she was an infernal chatterbox. Two of the captain’s sergeants, his favourites, also sat at the table with their wives, along with two merchants and their partners. Then there was the local priest, a young man who sadly lacked any real wisdom. He sat with an older man, another priest that the guard did not know.
The servants cleared away dinner plates, the captain wiped his lips with a napkin and took hold of a glass and sipped at his yellow tinted wine, his eyes peering over the top of the glass at the guard as if seeing him for the first time. “What is it?” he asked with some irritation.
“Sir, a young woman, a stranger has just arrived from the lowlands. She claims that a Shadow Walker has risen.”
“Preposterous,” exclaimed the captain, “There are no Shadow Walkers. They are just legends from the past.”
“Maybe the storytellers have been at work again, my dear,” said the captain’s wife.
“It is blasphemy,” cried the young beardless priest.
“What else did she say?” demanded the captain, placing his wine glass back down on the table.
“Nothing, sir.”
One of the sergeants spoke up, a solid man named Borden. “I think it is a rather tantalising rumour. A shadow Walker has risen. It is enough to strike fear into everyone’s hearts, to bring back all those stories from so long ago. Speaking for myself, I’m curious and would like to hear more.”
The young priest spoke again. “Sir, she is obviously lying, but for what reason I do not know.”
“Shannon,” for that was the young priest’s name, “you should not be so quick to judge. I think the sergeant’s idea has merit. We should find out more,” said the older, grey-bearded priest.
“I suggest we finish our dessert and then we will talk with this woman.”
“A wise decision, Captain,” said the old priest.
The captain was not sure if the priest was talking about the dessert or the woman. “Have the young woman taken to the meeting room.”
“Yes, sir,” replied the guard, bowing and leaving the room backwards.
The guard returned. Tang and Mica were hustled into a small room off the corridor. It was cold and dark with bare stone walls and was filled with pew like seats reminding Mica of a church. The guard lit several candles on a simple wooden table with three chairs, situated at the head of the room. 
“Might as well take a seat, Captain Jago has a habit of making people wait,” said Tang, easing his bulky frame into one of the pews and adjusting his sword so that it was within easy reach. Mica sat down in another pew a good distance away, keeping space between her and Tang, her natural instincts to be careful kicking in.
It was a good half hour later when four men filed into the room. Two of them were priests each wearing a rustic-brown robe and a small silver cross on a chain hanging around their necks. Tang immediately rose and stood to attention. He glared at Mica who rose slowly and then slouched on one leg as the men made their way to the table.
Mica watched them, the bald headed well-dressed man, obviously the captain, sat down in one of the wooden chairs, the others stood behind him. All eyes were on her.
“I presume you are the young woman who claims that a Shadow Walker has risen?” asked Jago.
“Yes,” replied Mica.
“Can you elaborate some more, give us something that may lead us to believe what you say is true?”
“I can only tell you what I know, whether you believe me or not is up to you. But I can assure you that time will prove me right on this matter.”
“Why have you come to the land of the Manutes with this news?”
“Because the Shadow Walker himself told me to go to Santomine.”
“He told you to go to Santomine?” asked the captain with some surprise. “I suppose you know that is forbidden, no one goes to Santomine unless they have a valid reason; even then the green scarves might turn you back, might slay you.”
Sergeant Borden had so far said nothing as he appraised this young woman before him. Besides being incredibly beautiful, she stood in front of them with some arrogance, her hand resting on her sword and the dark eyes reflecting an impatient glint. This woman was a warrior, had grown up under someone’s tuition. She was not afraid of them.
Shannon, the young priest rung his hands together in torment. This young woman was dressed as a man and that was a sin in itself. Her eyes were those of a demon, dark and forbidding. 
The old priest also stared at the young woman, but he saw something entirely different. He saw a woman of strength, a woman who would not cower to any man. She spoke with confidence and deliberation. He had no doubt that what she was saying was true. 
“What is your name,” enquired the captain.
“Mica.”
“Have you no second name?”
“If I have I have no knowledge of it.”
“So Mica, you have spoken to this Shadow Walker?”
“Several times.”
“What has brought this on? Why has a Shadow Walker appeared now?”
“Because the hallowed ground at Tursy has been desecrated.”
“Desecrated?”
“The Lothians,” said Mica as she looked up at the priests. “They came and killed the priests and burnt the church to the ground. Some of the people rose up against the soldiers, many were killed.”
The captain turned to the two priests. “Do you know of this?”
“No, sir,” gasped the elderly priest as his eyes held Mica’s.
The captain turned back to face Mica. “Regardless of what has happened in Tursy it is none of our business. We want nothing to do with the Lothians. You may stay the night and tomorrow morning Tang will see you out the gate. I fail to see what your going to Santomine would achieve, except maybe to draw us into something not of our making.”
Mica shrugged her shoulders. “If that is your wish, so be it.”
“Might I ask a question of the young lady, sir?” said the old priest lowering his eyes.
“Of course, Father Albert.”
He raised his eyes to look once again at Mica. “What happened to the flag of the Shadow Walker?”
“It was retrieved by him and I took it into the Lothian camp where they burnt it, but not before I gave them a warning, a warning of the deaths to come.”
“And were there any deaths?”
“The Shadow Walker slew seven men during the night, beheaded them and placed six of the heads in a circle. The seventh head he placed in the middle of the circle.”
No one said anything further. Mica turned sharply and walked from the room closely followed by Tang. She stopped on the stone steps and looked at the huge wall and its ragged battlements, Tang drew up beside her. “How many died in Tursy?” he asked.
“Around two thousand, but the Lothians didn’t have it all their own way.”
“I presume that some fell to your sword.”
“You presume right, Tang.”
“I would like to have seen that.”
“Where are the others?”
“At my wife’s boarding house, I will take you there.”

Father Albert was shaken by Mica’s story. His fellow priests had been murdered. The king had crossed the line. The young men in the church would be baying for the king’s blood once they heard of the massacre. This could be the beginning of a revolt, a revolt that could plunge the whole continent into war. The captain was wrong in denying the woman access to Santomine.
“If it is true what she says then the other priests need to know, we must strike back, we must fight them,” said Father Shannon.
The captain stood up, his eyes glaring at the young priest. “You’ll do nothing of the sort, Father Shannon, nothing will be said and you will not go gallivanting off and spreading rumours. You will stay here and mind your own business and you will not repeat what you have heard today. What happens in the lowlands has nothing to do with us.”
“It might at some time in the future,” added Sergeant Borden.
“It may, Sergeant, but not now,” replied the captain, storming from the room.

Elijah lay back on his bunk enjoying the softness of the mattress beneath him. One appreciated these comforts after sleeping on hard ground. He was sharing a room with Gabriel, Gordy and Adar.
“Do you think they will let us go on?” asked Gordy as he pulled at his boots and let out a sigh of satisfaction as each one came free from his aching feet.
“I would say not, but Mica seems confident,” replied Elijah.
Already Gordy had valuable information for the king. The trap at the main gate would be worth some gold. If they could travel right into the heartland of the Manutes he would have more information to sell. He could already envision his retirement. It would not be long and he would be able to leave all this behind, maybe another year and it would all be over.
Gordy looked across at Adar who was stretched out on his bunk, his dusty boots still on and hanging over the end of the bed, for the bed was far too small for him. He was already snoring.
Gordy spread himself out on his bed. “I’m going to have a nap, wake me when it’s time for dinner.”
While the others slept Elijah thought over all that had happened since he had left the village with Mica. He had several stories already, stories that could be told to a willing audience, a paying audience. There had been conflict, death, sorrow, pain and mystique, all the ingredients needed to make a fine tale, but he also knew that there was more to come, more fighting and more death. He closed his own eyes.

“You don’t seem to be too worried about the captain’s decision,” said Tang as they strode down the earthen street amid the stone houses.
“He is only doing what he feels is right.”
“I don’t think the others agreed with him.”
“I will go to Santomine, Tang, it is already written. It cannot be changed.”
Tang was somewhat surprised at Mica’s words. She spoke as if she knew the future. Did she have the Sight?
They came to a two-storey house, the bottom half built of the same grey stone as were all the buildings in Grada. The top half was of weathered boards and the roof was made of slate. The roof and the walls were all tinged with the inevitable green moss, clinging like some ancient signature depicting its age.
Tang pushed through the rough-wooden door into a room that looked like an inn, but it was far better furnished with rugs on the floor and soft leather chairs. Yost was sitting at one of the tables with a big woman wearing a floral dress. She stood up as they approached.
“Mica, this is my wife, Annabel,” said Tang. 
“A pleasure to meet you, Mica, will you join us for a cup of tea.”
“Yes, I could do with a hot drink.”
“Sit down. I will get it for you.” She looked at her husband. “I suppose you want one as well.”
“No, I have to get back to the wall. My time is not up yet.” He leant forward and kissed his wife’s rounded cheek. “I’ll back in time for dinner.”
Mica sat down next to Yost.
“How did it go?” enquired Yost.
“Not well, but I believe there may be someone who will help us,” she said, thinking of Father Albert, whose eyes she thought had contained a message, a message of support.
“Your friends are resting in their rooms,” said Annabel.
Mica drank her tea and was talking idle chat with Annabel when Father Albert suddenly appeared.
“Might I join you?” he asked.
“Please do, Father,” replied Mica.
“This incident in Tursy is rather disturbing; if the king will slay priests what other atrocities will he do to sustain his hold on the people.”
“I don’t think he has any hold on the people, he only thinks he has and even then it is maintained with terror. The rising of the Shadow Walker, and his message, will sweep the land and the people will not be afraid anymore.”
Father Albert expressed a smile. “I was wondering how long it would take for the Shadow Walker to rise.”
“You know him?”
“Know him! I lived with him off and on for eight years. He came to us in the High Temples, a young man who had lost his soul, lost all reason. We healed his wounds, both inside and out. Then we educated him and helped him find his way. We discovered things about him and he discovered things about himself. When he left us he was a far different person than when he arrived, but he was still confused about his purpose in this world. I have not seen him for some years.”
“I think he has found his purpose now, Father,” said Mica, as she wondered if she should ask the question that was on her mind. Father Albert would know who the Shadow Walker was, would know his identity.
“Maybe he has been inspired,” added Father Albert, looking at the young woman before him.
“After what happened at Tursy I don’t think he could ignore what was happening.”
“Maybe so,” said Father Albert as he retrieved a folded parchment from beneath his robe. “This is a pass sanctioned by the church, no one will question it.”
“What about the captain?” asked Mica, taking the parchment.
“He has agreed to turn a blind eye to your passage; in other words if there is any fallout from this, it will be on my shoulders.”
“This is excellent news, Father, how can I thank you?”
“Just see that you reach Santomine safely.”
“We have yet to find ourselves a guide.”
Father Albert looked across at Yost. “Young man, would you take these worthy travellers to Santomine?”
“Father, I would, yes. But I must return to my village, my parents are expecting me. My father will have to give his approval as I am needed by the family, especially since one of my brothers has gone into the army.”
Father Albert knew that some of the outlying villages relied heavily for their survival on every member of the family participating in sourcing their means to live. A young man like Yost would be sorely missed. “I’m sure you can impress upon your father that this journey goes with the church’s blessing.”
“It might be enough, Father.”
“We will find a way to convince your father, Yost,” said Mica, warming to this youth seated in front of her.
That evening as they all sat around the table in a jovial mood, Gordy asked Tang about access to Manute lands by routes other than the main roads.
“Why do you ask?” enquired Tang with some suspicion.
“Back in Mountcross we were accosted by a man named Fletcher. Mica saw him off.”
“I know him, he is not to be trusted that one.”
“Yost here warned us about him,” said Gordy, “and that he was in league with bandits who often attacked travellers in the ravine on the way to Grada. Mica rightly feared that this man might do us harm. We came through the ravine in the early hours of the morning and Mica slew a man who was on watch with a horn. We can only presume that the bandits, and probably this man Fletcher, were lying in wait for us. I’m sure they would have been quite angry to find that we avoided them. As you know, pride can drive someone to do something that they might not normally do. The bandit leader will have lost face and I am sure he will seek us out.”
Tang glanced across at Mica. He found it hard to believe that she had stood up to a man like Fletcher. Although a fool, he was handy with a sword. “There are places, but they are narrow and can only be traversed in single file. Even in good weather they are very dangerous, now there will be ice making it even more so. Many have lost their lives on those passes.”
“They could get through though?”
“It is possible, but you would have to be crazy to try it at this time of year.”
“Do you have much trouble with bandits?” asked Mica.
“Not a great deal, as the army is always patrolling the roads and the people report any strangers. Although it does happen occasionally, more so when they are being chased by the Lothians and seek the mountains to hide. You think these bandits will try again?”
“No, as you say it is too dangerous to use the passes,” said Mica not wishing to alarm the others.
“Normally, I would give you an escort, but as your passage is not sanctioned by the captain I cannot.”
“We will be fine. We have Yost here to guide us,” said Mica, looking at Yost who seemed pleased to be accepted as one of them.
“Are you leaving tomorrow?”
“No, I want to buy some warmer clothing and Lucy and I want to take a bath.”
Later that evening a solitary rider came through the gate, he was a Manute, it was Rico. It didn’t take him long to learn the whereabouts of the girl and her friends. He took a room in one of the small inns and that evening, as he enjoyed a drink or two with his meal, he listened to the rumours. All the talk was of the girl wearing a sword. Some said she was in league with Thomas Letcher. Others said she was a demon and should be expelled from the lands of the Manute. It seemed that everyone was in awe of this woman.
Then there was the story of fighting and rebellion in Tursy. A Shadow Walker had risen, they proclaimed. He had slain seven Lothian soldiers and left their severed heads as a warning, a blatant warning of future deaths to come.
Rico felt the tension, the excitement and the anger rising in the room. The Lothians had attacked the land of the Manutes many times over the years causing much death and destruction. Even though they had driven them out each time, they were eager to see the tables turned on the Lothians. To have the people in the lowlands rise up in revolt would be something they would like to see.
Rico turned his thoughts back to the matter at hand. The girl and her friends had not been turned out, that could only mean one thing; they would be allowed passage through the land of the Manutes. Rico had been one of those who had been a bit skeptical of their leader’s motives. Sure, the travellers would have some money, but was it worth the risk to commit robbery here in the land of the Manutes.
The bandit leader, Barlow, was still smarting over the loss of two of his best men who had mysteriously vanished while surveying the caravan. He had also lost face on the road when the woman had forced him to retreat. And then they had managed to sneak past them in the night killing their guard.
The next morning Rico was able to discover more information. It seemed that the girl wanted to go to Santomine. This surprised Rico as only those who were invited or had a legitimate reason could go to Santomine, the centre of the Manute lands, the hub of the wheel so to speak. It was a place that was spoken of in whispers, a place that was also feared as the soldiers there wore green scarves around their necks, separating them from normal soldiers. They were elite fighters and were feared even in their own lands.
There was something else he discovered which would delight Barlow. Apparently, the boy named Yost was to lead them to Santomine, but not before he had visited his parents in the village of Breda.
Rico rode out around midday with a sly grin on his face, Barlow would be pleased with the information he had gathered. It would only take him and hour to reach the crossroads. Then, when the bandit leader arrived with his men they could set a trap on the road to Breda.
Along with the others Mica enjoyed a good sleep in, had breakfast and then she and Lucy took turns having a bath. Mica closed her eyes and let the heat of the water caress her body, seek out those aches and pains from their travel. 
Mica opened her eyes and watched Lucy as she put on her dress, wondering what it would be like to wear women’s clothes, to have a husband to lie with, and to carry a child. She remembered the dress in her pack and recalled the low calm voice of the Shadow Walker. He had expressed a wish to see her in that dress. She closed her eyes.
The next day, with hooded fur coats and thick gloves, they set out. Yost led the way out of the town and along the well-worn road in the middle of the valley. They were surrounded by bleak mountains, ringed with grey swirling clouds. The weather was turning bad. Yost had to go and see his parents, give them the money he had earned and the goods he carried on his spare horse. Then he would need to convince his father of the worthiness of his deed, to lead Mica and her friends to Santomine.
“How far is it to your parents’ village?” asked Mica.
“An easy two days’ ride from the crossroads,” he replied.
They came to the crossroad and took the left turn that led to higher ground. The chill in the air grew as they climbed higher along a winding trail through the now dense forest. Mica had a sudden feeling of fear, a sense that all was not well. She drew her sword from its scabbard and laid it across her thighs.
“Something not right?” queried Elijah when he saw Mica with her sword.
“I would suggest that we all draw our weapons.”
None of them questioned her. They all drew their weapons as they continued to ride slowly and silently through the forest. Yost was the only one to say anything. “What is it?” he asked, turning in the saddle.
Elijah answered softly. “There is danger ahead.”
“How do you know?” asked Yost, lowering his voice to the same level as Elijah.
“Mica has the Sight.”
Yost stared at Mica.
“What is up ahead,” she asked.
“The forest opens up and there is a stone bridge over the river. On the other side is more forest.”
The bridge thought Mica. It has to be at the bridge. “When I give the order you are to drop low in the saddle and ride as fast as you can, do not stop under any circumstances.”
The forest was hushed as if it too, felt the danger. The only sound was the scuffling of the horses’ hooves on the pine needles that covered the trail. The sky could not be seen. It was dark here, like the coming of the night.
“Now,” yelled Mica, digging her heels into the flanks of the horse.
They burst out of the forest into the light. She saw about eight of them standing on the bridge. Mica spurred the horse, she had to be the first reach them as one of them had a long lance. This man had to be disarmed and killed. At the same time she heard the hissing of arrows and then the dull ominous thud and a scream of agony. Someone had been hit.
From out of the corner of her eye Mica saw that Yost was moving past her, targeting the man with the lance, all he had in his hand was a dagger. He drew his arm back and the dagger sailed through the air striking the man in the chest. The bandit fell to his knees. Yost dropped back behind her.
Gordy rode up beside Mica and between them they made a wedge for the others to follow. They both slashed downward with their swords slaying two men instantly. Adar drove the end of his staff into the face of one of the men who shrieked in agony as he dropped his sword, and put his hands to his face. Rico dropped to the ground and thus avoided a sweeping blade from Elijah. He stayed there on the hard rock of the bridge, fearing for his life.
Mica looked up as they passed over the bridge; four horsemen were facing them on the road. She immediately recognised Fletcher and the bandit leader who had stopped them on the road to Tursy. She somehow knew that this man would not be happy until he found out what had happened to his men, would only be happy at her demise, after ravishing her of course. There was no stopping now. “Keep going, don’t stop,” she yelled, raising her sword as they met the group of horsemen with clashing swords.
Mica knew that they had to get by these men as quickly as possible. If they didn’t then those behind them would have time to regroup. Even now she knew the archers who were on either side of the road would be joining those on the bridge. The archers could easily pick them off one by one.
She put all her force behind the sword as she swung it down at the bandit leader’s neck. He blocked her sweep and held her eyes for a moment.
“You will die slowly,” he snarled, quickly withdrawing his sword and thrusting it at Mica, barely missing her.
Mica pulled the horse out of range and was aware of the fight going on around her. She caught a glimpse of Yost, Gabriel, Lucy and Stan as they broke free from the cordon and fled into the forest. She turned to the bandit leader. “Your men were confident as well, were so sure that they could beat me, but they found out otherwise.”
“Bitch,” yelled the bandit leader as he motioned his horse closer and swung his sword in a wide arc. Mica blocked it easily. The man’s anger was causing him to make mistakes. He was now trying to use his strength rather than his skill.
Agar had told her of this, men will think themselves stronger than you, think that they can just brush you aside with their strength, this will be their undoing. You must never lose your temper; never lose control when you are fighting with the sword.
Like a mad man the bandit leader kept swinging his sword, Mica blocked, feinted and then thrust forward when she saw the opening. The sword entered at the base of his neck. She saw the surprise on his face, then the fear, and finally the anger as he spat at her with a globule of blood and slid from his horse.
Elijah was still battling it out with a skinny bandit. Gordy was finishing off his bearded opponent. Adar was in trouble as the man named Fletcher had unseated him from his horse. He was in a daze and unaware that he was in any danger. Mica urged her horse forward and as Fletcher lifted his sword arm to strike Adar she swept her sword across, striking the man’s arm and severing it below the elbow. 
The stump spurted a fountain of blood and the sword fell to the ground with Fletcher’s gloved hand still clasped onto the leather handle. “Fucking whore,” he yelled, reaching for the dagger at his waist with his free hand. He threw the knife with his left hand, but it lacked the power to penetrate Mica’s thick clothing.
Mica moved closer to Fletcher, the blood was still spurting from his wrist as he lowered it, preparing to accept his fate. Mica didn’t waste any time, she swung the sword with all her strength, striking his neck. His head rolled onto the ground followed by his body. Gordy dispatched the other bandit that Elijah was fighting and then Elijah helped Adar onto his horse.
“Let’s get out of hear,” said Mica as arrows came whistling past.
They rode hard until the horses could go no further.
“The others can’t be that far ahead of us,” said Gordy as they climbed from their horses and began to lead them along the trail.
“Are you all right, Adar?” enquired Mica, noticing that he was a little groggy on his feet.
“Yes, Adar all right, hit head when fall off the horse, Adar grateful for Mica saving life.”
“Think nothing of it, Adar.”
“I lose my staff, man cut in half, Adar make another one.”
“I’m sure you will,” said Elijah. “Does anyone have any injuries?”
Mica and Gordy both checked themselves out and found no cuts, but there would be some bruises.
“I think Stan took an arrow,” said Gordy.
They hadn’t gone far when Yost came out of the forest near a stream and hailed them. “Over here,” he said waving them on.
Weaving through the thick scrub Yost led them to a small gap that opened up onto a grassy bank beside the stream. Stan was sitting up against a tree with an arrow protruding from the rear of his left shoulder. Lucy sat beside him, looking anxious and holding his hand. Stan’s face reflected his pain. Gabriel was at the edge of the stream washing a blood stained cloth, he had a cut to his right arm.
Mica handed the reins of her horse to Yost. She knelt down beside Stan and looked at the arrow. Gordy stood beside her. “Can you see the head of the arrow?” he asked.
“No, it is in too deep,” replied Mica. “I will have to cut it open and try and expose the arrowhead.”
“And then what?” asked Stan, grimacing in pain.
“Once we see what type of head it is then we can make some sort of decision on what to do. If it is a hunting arrow, we may have to leave the head in there. I don’t think it is a steel tipped arrow otherwise it would have gone right through your shoulder. The best outcome would be for a plain wooden tip. That we can pull out. I will make you a broth to drink. It will help dull the pain.”
Adar, as usual was gathering wood for a small fire. Mica retrieved some of her medicines from her pack and selected the one she needed. She poured some of the garish liquid into a pot, added some water and then placed it over the small fire that was now blazing. 
Lucy came over and sat next her. “Will he be all right?” she asked.
“Yes, we just have to get the arrow out. He may have some fever at worst,” said Mica.
Gabriel came over to the fire. Mica looked up at him. “How bad is that cut?”
“It’s fine. It doesn’t trouble me at all.”
Mica stood up and looked at the wound on his upper right arm more closely. The cut was about four inches long and quite deep. “I will have to stitch that up, it will heal quicker.” She turned to Gordy. “The bandits might still try and follow us.”
“We must have killed half their number,” he replied.
Yes, but the others might now want revenge.”
“I will watch the trail,” said Gordy, retrieving his bow and a quiver of steel tipped arrows that would pierce even the best armour.
Gordy walked back down the trail and selected a place where he could see a good length of road. He was becoming fond of Mica, something that he had intended not to let happen. His task was to spy for the king and give him information, which could lead to him having to betray Mica. So far this trip had revealed to him valuable information on the Manutes. He would have to be patient. For the moment he would be Mica’s ally, kill for her and keep himself in her favour. He would eventually have to part from her company.
Even though they had lost almost half their number the bandits were livid at their failure and wanted revenge. Rico was against it, this woman was no ordinary woman, she had suspected a trap, knew they were on the bridge. Out-voted he followed along at the rear with the injured man whose face had been smashed with a staff. The man could barely see out of his puffed up, purple eyes and had trouble finding his way. They moved slowly, following the tracks and the faint drops of blood.
Gordy saw them at the end of his range, moving ever so carefully; there were seven of them. The bandit in front was doing the tracking, while the others were watching the trees with swords drawn. It would only be a matter of time before they found the others. He would only get one chance to fire an arrow. He decided to take the tracker. The arrow went true as the tracker fell to the ground. 
The others were immediately lost in the trees, except for one of the bandits who rode on. “What’s happened? What’s going on?” he yelled.
This bandit must have been blinded in the first encounter. Gordy left him. The man would do them no harm in his condition. Quickly, he made his way back to the stream. The arrow had been taken from Luke’s shoulder, which was now bandaged up as was Gabriel’s wound.
“They have followed us. There are five of them in the trees somewhere.”
Mica took up her sword. “Gordy and I will see to the bandits.”
“There are at least two archers with them,” whispered Gordy as they crept through the forest.
“You keep your bow drawn. I will take any with the sword,” said Mica as they slipped away and quietly crept through the bush back along the trail.
“Rico where are you?” It was the blinded bandit. He had climbed down from his horse and was on the edge of the track. They saw him draw his sword and prod the ground before him. He took a couple of tentative steps. “What’s happening?” Have we been attacked again?”
Mica and Gordy stood stock still. They both knew that one of the other bandits would see to his friend, either to collect him or to put him out of his misery. The bandit prodded at some of the undergrowth in front of him with his sword. A man appeared from out of the bushes and went to grab his friend. It was all the time Gordy needed. The arrow struck the man in the side. The dying man clutched at the blinded bandit as he fell to the ground.
“That was one of the archers,” whispered Gordy.
The blind bandit was fumbling now. He was on the ground on all fours, running his hands over the body of his dead companion. He found the arrow and let out a shriek. Four men suddenly appeared in front of them, not ten feet away. Gordy quickly dispatched the other archer who was preparing to shoot at them. The other three came on with their swords drawn.
Mica took the lead bandit as Gordy dropped his bow and drew his sword. The lead bandit was a grizzled veteran, unwashed, unshaven but he could use a sword. Mica found herself parrying his blows as she was forced into a retreat. He was using his strength and skill to great advantage. She saw the grin on his ugly face, the same grin she had seen on the other bandits when she had killed them. This man had no respect for her, no respect for her sword arm. She ceased her retreat and began to attack. The bandit was now forced to move back, the smile gone from his face. She increased her speed, upped the tempo, the bandit couldn’t defend himself. She buried the sword deep into his chest.
Gordy was fighting the other two men. He struck one of the men in the arm causing him to drop his sword. The other man, on seeing Mica approach, dropped his sword and put up his hands. “I yield, I yield.”
“A wise decision, go with your friends and don’t let me ever see you again. And take a word of advice, find some other way of making a living,” said Mica, sliding her sword back into its scabbard.
“Rico, is that you? Where are you?” yelled the blinded bandit climbing to his feet.
Mica and Gordy left them and went back to the campsite. Adar had cut two poles and stretched some cloth across them. The ends of the poles were then tied onto the saddle of one of the horses. Stan was strapped onto this improvised stretcher.
“I thought we had better be prepared to move out in case something went wrong. He can’t ride,” said Elijah.
“The bandits won’t trouble us anymore, we can leave now.”
It took them two more days to reach the village. Stan was by now suffering a high fever and was at times delirious. Lucy tried to comfort him, tried to talk to him, but he was in a world of his own. Mica made herbal drinks for him with what she had; it was all she could do.
The village was different to what Mica had seen before, the houses were round, made of timber and stood on stone foundations. There were some thirty odd houses. The muddy road wound down from the ridge through vibrant green fields and on into the village, taking no straight course. Shepherd boys rugged up against the cold mingled with the herds of long-haired sheep that were milling about in the paddocks. This village was similar to Cragmoor in that it was situated at the edge of the snowline. In the winter the sheep would be herded around the paddocks near the village and on the lower slopes. In summer, when the snows melted, the herds would be taken up onto the rich alpine fields. The snow on the mountain peaks was clearly visible above the village. Mica shivered from the cold wind that blew down the valley. 
As the tiny procession made its way down the track people began to notice them. Children stopped playing and ran to them. A man chopping wood ceased his work and peered up at them. Heads began to appear in the low doorways of the huts.
On his return from the lowlands Yost was always treated as a minor celebrity, he not only brought money and supplies for his family but news that the villagers craved. He had been worried about how he was going to explain this to his father, bringing strangers into their village, especially lowlanders who were deemed to be untrustworthy. His father had a bad temper and it didn’t take much to make him angry.
“Yost,” came a shout from a girl of around thirteen, with shoulder length dark hair, who was running toward them. She was dressed in skins made from the local sheep and wore calf length leather boots. “We have all been waiting for you,” she panted almost out of breath as she drew up beside him, her rounded red face filled with happiness.
“Lola, it’s good to see you.”
The girl turned her attention to the strangers that rode with Yost and the injured man. “Who are these people?”
“They were attacked by bandits on the road through the forest, one of them is injured,” said Yost twisting his story slightly. His father would not deny strangers who were attacked and needing help. Later, he would tell his father the truth when the excitement of his arrival had settled down.
“Mother and Father are at the house, Eva is watching the herd,” said Lola as she babbled on about the comings and goings on in the village while he had been away.
 Eva was Yost’s other sister, she was fifteen and the task of looking after the family’s herd of sheep had been passed on to her. It used to be Yost’s job, to herd them to their pasture each day, but since he injured his hip he was unable to do even this menial task. Any job that kept him on his feet too long caused his hip to ache and become excruciatingly painful. It frustrated him immensely. He often felt that he was of no value to his family.
It was after he injured his hip that the relationship with his father deteriorated. He was always angry at Yost, seeming from that time on to blame him for all the family’s problems. When the wolves attacked the sheep, it was Yost’s fault because Eva did not know what to do. When his brother had to go into the army it was Yost’s fault. Gavin at the time was a timid, skeletal boy of sixteen, who liked to read and write, draw and paint. He could not harm a mouse let alone kill a man.
If Yost hadn’t injured his hip it would have been he that would have been drafted into the army and his brother would still be here, safe in the village. He remembered the day the green scarves from Santomine came for their recruits. Gavin had cried as they led him away. His sisters and mother had cried, his father had been angry and the guilt within Yost tore at his heart. That had been three years ago; since then they had heard nothing of Gavin.
When Mica had asked him about leading them to Santomine, he had first baulked at the idea, but as time went by he knew that he wanted to go for two reasons. The first was to find his brother and the second was that he knew he couldn’t continue living in the village, living in the shadow of his father’s simmering wrath. This was the opportunity he had been waiting for, a reason to leave, a reason to find his own way in the world.
Mica saw the young girl stare at her in between her talking, recognising the inquisitiveness of her look. It was something that Mica had become used to. No one could understand why a woman wore a sword. It always invoked interest and curiosity wherever she went.
Yost made his way towards one of the rounded houses in the centre of the village. By now they had an entourage; the children led the way, followed by some of the adults. A tall man with broad shoulders, dark bushy hair and piercing eyes appeared at the doorway.
This would have to be Yost’s father, thought Mica; she saw the resemblance in his face. A woman, small in stature appeared behind the man. Yost leapt from his horse as the woman came forward and hugged him tightly.
“Yost, I missed you so.”
“And I missed you, Mother.”
“You have had some trouble?” she said looking past her son at the group of strangers.
Yost looked at his father. “They were attacked by bandits and one of them is injured.”
“You had better bring the injured one inside, your mother will see to him,” growled his father as he peered at the crowd that had gathered. He said no more, turned and went back inside.
“Don’t mind your father, he is always suspicious of anyone who doesn’t belong to the village,” said Yost’s mother.
“These people will need somewhere to stay.”
“They can bed down in the barn,” she said as she walked over to the injured man.
Mica climbed down from her horse. “He took an arrow in the back of his shoulder. I removed the arrow, treated the wound and gave him some herbs.”
“You have knowledge of medicine?”
“Yes,” I learned much from an old warrior.
“It is good. We can both work to help this young man.”
Lucy joined them. “This is Lucy, the injured man’s wife. My name is Mica.”
“I’m Thora. We had better get this husband of yours inside,” she said to Lucy.
With some difficulty they managed to get Stan on his feet and into the house. There they placed him on a bed up against one of the walls. It was very warm in the house, which had a small fire at one end. A tiny chimney took the smoke away. Yost’s father sat on the earthen floor near the fire kneading some leather. He took no notice of them.
Mica knew that a villager’s life was a fragile one; their sheep, goats or cattle were the only thing that kept them from starving. The meat from the animals supplied them with food, the skins clothing, and what was left over could be traded for other goods that they did not have. It was good that she had purchased extra food for the journey. She wouldn’t have liked to impose on these people too much.
“When did this happen?” asked Yost’s mother, pulling away the bandages that covered the wound.
“Two days ago,” replied Lucy.
Thora put her nose to the bandages, there was no odour of infection. The wound looked a little puffy and red. “It seems to be all right. I will make up a poultice.” She felt the hot clammy skin of his stomach. “He has a fever.”
“I have some medicine that will help,” said Mica, holding out the bag in which she kept her herbs.
Thora took the bag and looked inside, instantly recognising the herbs and the coloured bottles of ingredients. “I’ll make the poultice while you make the broth,” she said, leading Mica to the fire.
Outside, Gabriel, Adar, Elijah and Gordy stretched their legs under the watchful eyes of the villagers who had gathered. They waited for Yost to unload the spare horse of its baggage. Lola eagerly helped. “What did you buy me?” she asked.
Yost always brought presents back when he went away. “You must wait until your sister returns so that I can give you all your gifts together.”
“What is the news, Yost,” asked an old man holding a staff to prop himself up, his thin wrinkled face and bony hands exposing his age.
“There is much news, Dugan, some of it good and some of it bad. I will come to the Fire tonight, all should know of this,” said Yost, holding onto the reins of his now bare horse.
The old man nodded and peered around at the crowd that had gathered. “There is news,” he repeated. “It will be told at the Fire tonight.” The crowd began to slowly disperse as they spoke to each other, whispered and wondered what the news was.
Yost led his horses on to another round building; the others followed him. The doorway to this building was bigger than the house doors, inside was a stable and corral. “This is where we keep the sheep at night away from the jaws of hungry wolves that prowl the hills. I’m afraid this is the best we can do,” said Yost, tying his horses at the wooden rail, polished by years of use. He gave the horses some fresh straw. The others did likewise.
“Well, the aromas are challenging,” said Gordy as he sniffed the concoction of odours in the barn.
“Adar like smells, remind me of younger days. I live in barn all the time.”
“It is not my preference,” coughed Gabriel.
“You’ll get used to it, Gabriel,” said Elijah as he slapped him on the back.
“Never, I prefer the smell of the woods, grass and open air.”
“You can set up in the corner over there,” said Yost, pointing to an open space up against the stone wall. “Don’t get too comfortable, if my father gives me his blessing we will have to move out tomorrow, it will be necessary if we are to beat the worst of the snows.”
“So you are going to take us to Santomine?” said Gordy.
“Maybe, it depends on what Father has to say.”
Gordy did not press the matter. The young man, no doubt, had his reasons for wanting to talk to his father first.
“I must go,” said Yost knowing full well he would have to face his father sooner or later and it might as well be now.
Yost made his way back to the house where he found Stan being fed some broth by Lucy. His mother fussed with the bedding, making sure Stan was warm while Mica stood watching. His father sat at the fire trimming some leather, not looking at anyone.
Mica felt the tension increase in the room, it had been there before but now it had increased to a point where it was unbearable. “Lucy, why don’t we take a walk and have a look around,” said Mica.
Lucy went to complain, to say something, but the look that Mica gave her made her change her mind. She passed the bowl of broth to Thora and stood up. “Yes, I think a walk will do me good.”
“It seems there is discontent within the family,” said Lucy, stepping up onto the grass beside the muddy track that led through the village.
“Who knows what is in their past, what causes their unhappiness,” said Mica, standing on the grass beside Lucy. A cart passed them loaded with thatch, the horse led by a young man who paid them little heed, his thoughts somewhere else.
“Will Stan be all right?”
“Yes, but he will not be fit to travel for some time.”
“You mean we might have to stay here?”
“I think it is for the best. Thora will take care of him and you as well when the child comes. I don’t know what we will face in the mountains and in Santomine. I would feel much better if you and Stan stayed here for the winter.”
“I hesitate to agree, Mica. We chose to come with you, chose to put our destiny in your hands.”
“Then listen to me, understand my reasons, destiny chooses its own path even though we might not understand it. Stay here for the winter, have your child and I will send word of our whereabouts if you should choose to follow.”
“I will miss you, Mica.”
“And I you, Lucy.”

Thora was the first to speak. “Yost has brought us money, food and clothing, it will see us through the winter,” she said, trying to lower the tension between father and son.
It was true, for the last three years Yost had kept nothing for himself. Everything he earned, everything he acquired, came back to the family.
“It matters not,” said his father dropping the leather he was working on into his lap. “He has brought strangers into the village, lowlanders. You know how I despise lowlanders; they can’t be trusted. If it were not for them, my brother, your uncle, would be alive today.”
Yost knew the story, it had been told a thousand times. His father and uncle had been in the army fighting to keep the lowlanders from their lands. They had cornered some two thousand men of Thomas Letcher’s army and had them surrounded. His uncle had gone to them under a white flag to discuss their surrender. The king’s men had cut him down, slain him under a flag of truce. The Manutes attacked and killed all those that were standing. Those that yielded, and the wounded, were given no mercy. The heads of their leaders were sent to the king.
“And then you have the audacity to lie to me, claiming they were attacked by bandits and implying that you just happened along. They would not have made it into the land of the Manutes if someone had not led them here.”
“They have a pass from a High Priest,” said Yost, trying to stay calm, trying to quell the anger within him. All his life he had never shown disrespect to his father, had never challenged him. He had always been the obedient son.
“The green scarves will kill them if we don’t do it first,” he said with bitterness in his voice.
“The girl, Mica, is a formidable warrior and she would not be easily taken.”
“You defend these people, our enemies!” said his father raising his voice.
“They come in peace, Father. They have no wish to fight us,” said Yost keeping his voice subdued, although it was demanding all his self-control to stay so.
His father stared at him, saying nothing for a moment or two; then he asked the question that Yost was most dreading. “Why are they here?”
“They are going to Santomine.”
“To go to Santomine they will need someone to lead them, to take them over the mountains.”
“Yes,” replied Yost.
“You intend to take them?”
“I would seek your blessing first, Father.”
“And if I don’t give it?”
This was the moment, the moment when he would have to defy his father for the first time. Whatever happened now would be in the lap of the gods. His destiny was in their hands. “I will go anyway,” he said, boldly.
There was a sharp cry from his mother as she buried her head in her hands, her body trembling. She would say nothing while Yost and her husband spoke, it was the custom. Yost at that very moment felt for his mother; she was to lose another son.
It was then that Lola came into the house. She stood still in the doorway, aware that her father and Yost were having words.
“You would disobey me!”
“I’m not a child anymore, Father. I have a will of my own.”
“So it bloody well seems. What will you do out there? He raised his right arm and pointed outside. “You are a cripple, no one will have you. You are no use to anyone.”
“The woman warrior, Mica, she wants me to go with them, she has faith in me, which is more than I can say for my own father.”
“Then go with them!” he said, raising his voice. “You no longer belong to this house.”
Yost wanted to plead his case, wanted his father to understand, but it was useless. The gap between them had widened, maybe to never close again. “Tonight I speak at the Fire, it will be my last contribution to this village,” he said, his voice trembling, from anger and from the hurt within him. He stormed from the house, brushing past his sister, his limp seeming worse than it had ever been.
Yost made his way to the barn. Elijah met him as he came in. “We leave in the morning,” he said.
“Your father has given his blessing?”
“Not exactly,” said Yost, pushing past Elijah to see to the horses; his experienced young eyes told him they would be well rested by morning.
Elijah followed him, watched as he checked each horse making sure there were no injuries from their fight with the bandits. The others had heard Yost’s reply and were listening, waiting to see if there was some sort of explanation. “Stan is not fit to travel,” said Elijah.
“He will have to stay here, along with his wife. We must leave as soon as possible, if the heavy snows come we will not reach Santomine.”
“I thought you might want to spend some time here with your family, a few days at least.”
“This is the last place I want to be,” he said, standing up after looking at one of the horse’s hooves.

Lola had run from the house with tears in her eyes. Yost was leaving them. How could this be happening? She ran through the village and up the sloping meadows to where her sister Eva was minding the herd. Eva would know what to do, what to say. She was the smart one in the family and did not fear her father. By the time she reached the top of the hill, where Eva stood watching her approach, she was out of breath and crying.
Eva was tall, broad of shoulder and could easily be mistaken for a man except for the long dark hair that fell to her shoulders beneath the fur-lined hat she wore. Her striking blue eyes missed nothing. She immediately noticed Lola’s distress. “What has happened this time?” she asked angrily.
“Yost is leaving us, he and father had an argument,” she sobbed.
“Yost is here?”
“Yes, he arrived about an hour ago. He brought some strangers with him.”
“Mind the herd, Lola. You can bring them down in about an hour they will come then.”
By the time Eva reached the house the anger was boiling over in her, she brushed the furs aside that covered the door and stepped inside. Her mother was sitting on the floor, crying. Her father was pacing the hut with a scowl on his face. On one of the beds was a stranger, who was obviously ill as he was quite pale and wrapped up in blankets. Her eyes met her father’s. “What have you done this time, Father?” she demanded.
“It is nothing. Yost seems to think that he can do as he wishes.”
“And why not, he’s a man, Father, not a little boy anymore.”
“He is a cripple.”
“That’s the problem isn’t it?” she said stepping closer to him as he stopped pacing the floor.
“Yost was supposed to be the one to join the army, to carry the flag so to speak, to seek out your enemies and make them pay for something that happened so long ago. But when he injured his hip all your plans went out the window, you were stuck with a cripple and your second son was drafted into the army. It is not Yost’s fault that he injured his hip, it was an accident.”
“He took the horse when he wasn’t supposed to!”
“He did it all the time and you knew that,” yelled Eva.
“No matter, I am the head of the family. I have to be obeyed.”
“Bullshit.”
Eva turned to her mother and saw the pain in her eyes. She looked back at her father. “As the head of the family you should show wisdom, but in that area you fail miserably. If it were not for mother and Lola, I too, would be leaving this day.”
She walked over to her mother and gave her a hug. “I will speak to Yost. Find out what has brought this on.”
“It is the strangers, the woman warrior has bewitched him,” said her father.
“I will judge for myself,” she said, glaring at her father.
Elijah saw a young woman of about sixteen enter the barn, her blue eyes were angry as she stared at Elijah and then shifted her gaze to the others and then back to Yost. “Who are these people, Yost?” she demanded.
“I’m pleased to see you too, Eva.”
At those words the angry face crumpled and she hugged him. “Yost, is it true, are you leaving us?”
“Yes,” he replied, pushing her away. “It is time for me to go. You and I both know that it would have happened sooner rather than later.”
“Even so, I don’t want you to go. Who will I talk to? You and I, we share so much.”
“And we will in the future, but for now, I must leave.”
“Why, what is so important that you have to leave now?” she asked.
“Yost has agreed to see us to Santomine,” said Elijah.
“You are going to Santomine?”
“Yes, Elijah here and his friends need to reach Santomine and I thought it would be a good opportunity to try and find out something about our brother.”
“It would be good to know some news of Gavin,” she replied.
“Eva, this is Elijah and over there is Gordy, Adar and Gabriel.”
They all said ‘hello’ to Eva, and then turned to unpacking their bedrolls.
“The man in the house is Stan, he was injured when bandits attacked us. His wife is Lucy, and of course there is Mica.”
“I only saw the man; there were no women in the house.”
“They must have gone for a walk. You will like Mica, she is much like you.”
It was then that Lola turned up driving the thirty odd sheep into the barn, the smell increased tenfold.
“How in the hell are we supposed sleep with that smell and the bleeting,” grumbled Gabriel.
“We have little choice, unless you want to sleep outside,” replied Gordy.
Meanwhile, Adar was helping Lola corral the sheep. It was something he had done before, he knew about the eccentricity of sheep, knew how stupid they could be at times. When the sheep were finally locked away Lola came over to where Eva and Yost were standing. “Are you still leaving?” she asked looking at Yost.
“Yes, I have made up my mind.”
Eva could see the tears welling up in Lola’s eyes. “It is all right, Lola, Yost is taking his friends to Santomine and once there he hopes to find out something about Gavin. You would like to know that Gavin is all right, wouldn’t you?”
“Yes, of course,” she replied with a sniffle.
“Come,” she said, holding out her hand, “we will go and have something to eat.” Lola took hold of her hand.
“Are you coming with us, Yost?”
“No, I will eat here with my friends.”
“There comes a time in everyone’s life when you have to leave all that you love. Sometimes it is forced upon you, sometimes it is an urge buried deep within that just won’t go away,” said Elijah, watching Yost’s sisters leave the barn.
“Yes, Elijah, it is my time, I know that much now.”
Elijah knew that Yost had taken that first vital step in becoming a man. He had just brushed off all that tied him here and he would now seek his own fulfillment in the world.
Mica and Lucy returned to the house to find Lola there with her sister Eva. Yost’s father was nowhere to be seen. The sleeping arrangements had been made for them. Lucy and Mica would bed down in the confines of the house while the men would sleep in the barn.
Eva immediately took a shine to Mica. She was the type of woman Eva would like to be; strong, confident and brave enough to wear a sword amongst men, to be their equal. “You are going to Santomine?” she asked.
“Yes,” replied Mica as she spooned some of the delicious hot lamb stew from her bowl.
They were sitting on rugs on the floor in a circle. It was the way the Manute family meal was eaten in these far off villages. Tables and chairs were something that couldn’t be afforded here on the slopes of the mountains. All their money and energy went into surviving, there was nothing left over for luxuries.
“Why are you going to Santomine?”
“Well, Eva, much is happening in the lowlands, it is a time of change, a time of new beginnings. I am taking this news to Santomine.”
“Is that why Yost is speaking at the Fire tonight?” asked Thora.
“Yost is speaking at the Fire?” exclaimed Lola, with some surprise.
“What is the significance of the Fire?” asked Mica.
“It is a place where boys can become men; those whose deeds demand telling. They can tell them and receive respect from the village. It is something that every man, woman or child dreams of doing, speaking in front of the people at the Fire,” explained Thora.
After eating their meal, everyone rugged up as it was cold outside. Lucy stayed with Stan. The Fire was just that, a fire in the middle of the village where everybody congregated. There was much chatter as the villagers gathered. Yost stood in the centre of the throng with an old man who was holding a staff. He held up his free hand and a hush came over the crowd. The flames from the fire cast eerie shadows through the darkness.  “Yost Vargan has declared his time to speak at the Fire. You know the rules, no interjection or disturbance is to be tolerated. To speak at the Fire is a time-honoured regime, a moment of utmost respect,” said the old man. He bowed to Yost and then sat down at the front of crowd.
Yost swallowed, he was nervous. To speak at the Fire and receive the acknowledgment and respect of his peers was something to be achieved. He wondered if he should have just left and said nothing, but it was too late now. He would have to say what he wanted to say. If the village thought it unworthy, then he would be shunned for the rest of his life. It was the risk every speaker at the Fire took.
At the rear of the crowd he saw his father with several other men of the village; they were all armed. Would his father dare intrude on the sanctity of the Fire, surely not!
“Today, I arrived here with some strangers,” began Yost, “people from the lowlands, our perceived enemies. Many of you fought against the lowlanders, lost loved ones as did my own father. But we were the lucky ones, we retained our freedom. The people in the lowlands have not known the freedom we have enjoyed. They are continually persecuted and live under the shadow of death.
“These lowlanders that I brought to our village are not our enemies, but our brothers, persecuted brothers who have fled the tyranny of the king. Tomorrow, I will lead them to Santomine.”
A murmur rippled through the crowd, the old man drummed his staff on a log at his side. All went quiet.
“You might ask why I am taking strangers to that most sacred place. These strangers bring news, news that will affect the future of every man woman and child in this land and in this village. It is news that must reach Santomine,” he paused. “A Shadow Walker has risen and has taken his sword to the Lothians.”
The murmur this time was louder, the old man’s drumming insistent. It took a long time for the talking to die down.
“I have no details that I can impart to you, but be assured, it is the truth. Tomorrow I go on to an uncertain future, a dangerous future.  I look forward to carrying on the traditions of the Manutes in battle. I thank you for hearing me.”
Mica felt proud of Yost, the young man had stood up and spoke his mind in front of the village, had said that he would go into battle despite his handicap and he had delivered the news of the Shadow Walker. This would enhance his image in the eyes of the village people. This evening, Yost had become a man.
The old man, Dugan, rose from his seat, turned and faced the crowd. “You have heard Yost speak in front of the Fire, how do you judge him?”
“I would like to know more, more of this supposed Shadow Walker?” asked a tall thin man with long grey hair.
Yost looked to Mica. She stepped forward into the firelight. “I can tell you more. Some of you may know the story of Tursy but for those who don’t, I will enlighten you. Tursy was where your former king, Armond Harland met the Lothians in the final battle for the control of Steppland. He, along with most of his men, was slain. After the battle a flag was found on a broken lance, it was the flag of a Shadow Walker. From that time on Tursy has become sacred ground and each year pilgrims have come to pray, to be blessed by the priests. This year the Lothian king sent his cavalry and they slew the priests and killed many innocent men, women and children.”
Mica paused for a moment, her eyes searching the crowd, she had their full attention. “I have met the Shadow Walker.”
There was stunned silence; the only sound was the crackling of the fire.
“How do you know he was a Shadow Walker,” enquired the thin man.
Mica told them of her delivering of the flag, the warning and what happened that night.
The thin man spoke again. “The king will eventually hear of this and will be enraged. He will attack the birthplace of the Shadow Walker. The king will seek to destroy the myth forever by taking the land of the Manutes.”
“We have beaten them off before,” yelled an angry voice.
Mica turned to the new voice, it was Yost’s father. He had forced his way through the crowd with several other men; they were all armed. Her hand instinctively moved closer to her own sword. “This time it will be different. The king will have time to gather his forces and plan his approach. I can guarantee he won’t make the same mistake twice.”
“Maybe you are a spy,” said Yost’s father as he came closer to Mica.
Mica rested her hand on the hilt of her sword.
“Show them the pass from the High Priest,” said Yost.
Mica retrieved the folded parchment from beneath her coat and gave it to Yost. He in turn unfolded it and handed it to Dugan. The old man moved closer to the firelight and read the document. He nodded his head and then gave the parchment back to Mica.
“You all know the path of a Shadow Walker,” said the old man, with strength and conviction in his words.
“To become a Shadow Walker you must be of the right birth and the only way that can be known is if you enter the temple of the High Priests and to train there under their watchful eyes. An imposter would not last long, but a true Shadow Walker, those with the gift, would be embraced by the priests and given those secrets only known to them, the secrets of moving in the night like a shadow.”
He paused for affect. “Why would a High Priest give these strangers, unknown to them and unknown to us, a pass to go to Santomine if they in turn did not know something of the Shadow Walker? The High Priests would have trained this man, would have known of his existence and would have been waiting for him to appear. It is the only conclusion that can be made from all this,” added Dugan.
Yost’s father glared at Mica, at his son, and knew he had lost the argument. He turned and left the Fire.
“I ask again, how do you judge Yost?”
“We judge him in the positive, Dugan, he is a true Manute,” said the thin man who had spoken up. The rest of the people nodded their ascent.
“So be it,” replied the old man, turning to Yost. “The village gives their endorsement to you, Yost, you are amongst the privileged few who have spoken at the Fire and have received the blessing of the village. May your future be long and hearty.”
“I thank you all,” replied Yost as the crowd began to disperse.
Yost had only delivered a message but he knew it was not the message that had swayed them. It was that he would lead the strangers to Santomine, would place himself in danger. Yost Vargan, a cripple, who was looked upon as useless by his father and most of the village people, had finally won the respect he wished for, but he knew he would have to do more, far more to please his father. He felt a soft hand on his shoulder, it was Mica. “I think you have chosen the right path, there is nothing for you here, Yost. It is time for you to make your own way.”
“I feel better for having made the decision, even though I will miss my family.”
“At least you have a family to miss, I have no one,” said Mica.

The next morning there was clinging mist hanging around the hills and mountains that surrounded the village. Gordy was taking a walk, taking a quick look at the lie of the land. On arriving in the village he had noticed a third road heading to the east from the village. He approached an elderly man cutting some wood on the edge of the forest. “This road, where does it go?”
“Nowhere,” he replied.
“Was it ever used?”
“A long time ago, it used to be a shortcut to the lowlands but an avalanche destroyed the road some thirty years ago. It would take an army to clear it now.”
Gordy turned back toward the barn deep in thought. The king had an army. If the road could be cleared it would give the king access to the very centre of the Manute lands, an unguarded centre.
He joined the others who had already risen and were preparing to leave. Mica had changed her mind about sleeping in the hut, she didn’t like Yost’s father, didn’t like his angry looks, so she stayed in the barn. Arrangements had been made for Lucy and Stan to stay with Yost’s family. Stan couldn’t travel and Lucy’s condition didn’t help either. Both of them would be better off here. They could decide what they wanted to do later, when Stan was well and Lucy’s child was born. Mica had slipped two gold coins to Thora who tried to refuse them but Mica would not allow it. The gold coins, properly spent, would keep them well for a year or more. It was a small fortune.
Thora and her two daughters were up early and had joined them in the barn, helping them pack and giving them fresh food. Yost had given them the presents he had brought. Eva and Lola had tears in their eyes.
“You will have a baby to help look after, Eva, it will help pass the time,” said Yost as he hugged her tightly.
Lola then held him with tears streaming down her cheeks, but she said nothing. He gave his mother a hug and a kiss. “I will be okay, Mother, I will send you news as soon as I can.”
Mica and the others were seated on their horses waiting for Yost. He climbed onto his horse; they turned and began to ride north through the village. Mica had said her goodbyes to Lucy the night before, as she knew they would be leaving at first light. As they passed Yost’s house, his father appeared at the doorway and watched them leave.
Mica suddenly turned her horse and rode back to where Yost’s father was standing. “I was raised in a village much like this. I had no parents, no siblings. The only friend I had was an aging warrior, a man who taught me how to use the sword, how to find my way in the world. It is time for your son to find his own way. He is meant for greater things and for him to stay in this village would be a waste. When we were attacked by the bandits, it was your son who led the charge, it was your son who took out the leading bandit with his knife. He is a brave young man and I am glad he has chosen to take us to Santomine. It will be the making of him. You should be proud of him.”
The man’s face seemed to be etched in stone, there was no response. His eyes were blank and unmoving. Mica pulled at the reins of her horse and at a slow gallop passed the small group and took the lead.
For three days, Yost led them through picturesque valleys, craggy peaks and a series of small villages where they were stopped four times by soldiers who demanded to know who they were and where they were going. Once they saw the High Priest’s letter they were satisfied and allowed them to pass.
The weather had turned chilly and each morning when they woke from their cold slumber and looked to the mountain peaks the snow seemed ever closer. On the fourth day they came to a range of mountains that were covered in grey, swirling cloud.
“We have to go up there,” said Yost pointing to the mass of cloud. “We’re just in time, it’s snowing but it should be passable. There is a saddle high up between the peaks. That’s where we have to cross, and we have to do it in a day.”
“Tomorrow then,” said Mica.
“Yes, to be caught on the mountain in the night is tantamount to suicide. We would become lost and freeze to death,” replied Yost.
Adar began gathering wood for the fire. There were not many trees here but those that existed seemed stunted and deformed. Many of them were just skeletal white, bony frames that imbued a ghostly appearance. Patches of snow on the rocky ground lay in the shadows where the sun hadn’t reached. Soon a fire was blazing and the heat from it was most welcome.
“I can’t seem to get warm,” muttered Gabriel.
“I fear it’s going to be a cold night and an even colder day tomorrow,” said Elijah, rubbing his hands together in front of the flames.
Mica sat back against a tree her folded blanket beneath her to keep the cold from her buttocks. She watched Yost who was busying himself with the salted pork that they would eat tonight. Adar was making the tea.
For the first couple of days Yost had hardly spoken but by the third he seemed to perk up a bit. He seemed to be relishing his role as their guide. On that night when the others were asleep in the shelter of the old barn Yost had told her about his father.
He was a veteran of the war against the Lothians. After they had defeated the king of Steppland at Tursy the Lothians turned their attention to the land of the Manutes. It was a war that could not be won by either side and after two years the Lothian’s retreated with heavy losses. The Manutes were not left unscathed. Their losses were heavy as well. Yost’s uncle had been slain by treachery, that was why his father held nothing but contempt for lowlanders.
As for Yost, his father had changed toward him after the accident. To have a cripple in the family was seen as a burden, a stain on the family’s honour. It was common in the villages, as with most villages in Islabad, to cast out those who could not pull their weight, who could not contribute to the well being of the village. So simpletons and cripples were usually driven from the village.
Mica knew that in Yost there was a real man just bursting to be accepted, just waiting to show that he could be someone if he was allowed free rein and given the opportunity. Because of the fact that he spent most of his time away from the village and in deference to his father, who was a warrior, the villagers had turned a blind eye so to speak. But there would have always been that underlying tension that demons would invade Yost and this in turn would eventually bring bad luck to the village. The old man, Dugan had known what he was doing when he accepted Yost’s request to speak at the Fire. It had been a wise move. It allowed Yost to leave with his pride intact although his heart was heavy.
She watched Yost limp across to the fire and say something to Adar. They both gave a laugh. There was room in this land for everyone. Adar and Yost had found their place. And if she had anything to do with it she would see that they both continued to enjoy life.
They ate their meal in silence and then curled up in their blankets as close to the fire as they could. During the night, who ever woke first would put more wood on the fire. It began to snow.
The next time Mica woke, a light sprinkling of snow had covered the trees, the land and their blankets. The fire was just a smouldering pile of ash. Yost was already up and seeing to the horses. He looked across at Mica who had risen and was stretching her stiff body. “We have no time to linger as we have to cross the saddle in one day. You had better rouse the others from their sleep.”
“It’s freezing,” shivered Mica.
“Yes, it will become even colder the higher we go and the snow will be lying deep on the ground. In a couple of days the pass will be blocked.”
Mica gave the huddled heaps near the fire a kick with her boot. Adar, Gabriel, Gordy and Elijah were reluctant to move from what little warmth their blankets gave them. “Cold meat and water this morning,” she said. “We need all the daylight for travelling.”
“Adar cold,” he said, pulling his blanket around him as he rose.
Elijah and Gabriel were both stamping their feet and rubbing their hands together to get their circulation moving. Gordy set about packing up his gear.
“Did I hear some one say that it is going to get colder?” 
“Yes, Gabriel,” replied Yost. “We need to move as quickly as possible over the mountain, we must be on the other side by nightfall otherwise we will freeze to death.”
The horse’s breath and their own created clouds of white steam as they rode up the sloping trail. Extra clothes had been put on, hoods tightened around cold faces and the thick fur lined gloves they had purchased pulled on.
For the first two hours all went well, but when they entered the swirly grey mass of cloud the snow began to fall. The flakes so soft and delicate, brushed the skin of their faces and nestled on their eyelashes. Mica pulled at the drawstring around her hood leaving only a small gap to see out of. She wriggled her toes in her boots trying to instill some warmth into them.
“Keep together,” yelled Yost. “Keep each other in sight.”
He led them higher and higher. The snow was deeper here. The wind stronger and the falling snow much heavier. The horses were slowing down in the deep drifts.
Mica could only see a blur of white ahead of her. Yost, covered in a layer of snow had become part of the landscape. She found it very difficult to see. She hoped Yost knew where he was going. He had told her that he had only traversed this pass twice, once as a small boy with his father and the other time a year ago with some of the other villagers to deliver goods to the market at Santomine. Both times had been in fine weather. To become lost here would be the end for them all. She wanted to call out to Yost, to ask how much further it was to the top, but she knew he would not hear her above the roar of the wind. She turned her head to the rear. She could just see Elijah, Gabriel, Gordy and Adar as blurred figures. She turned back, lowering her head and eyes as she rode into the biting wind.
It was another three hours before Yost stopped and the group gathered together. “We are on the top. Going down in the snow is supposed to be the worst. The snow drifts are deeper and there may be ice, so go carefully.”
Gabriel couldn’t feel his toes in his boots, or his fingers in his gloves. His buttocks ached from being in the saddle too long and from the cold. He had never known cold like this. He had always had his wagon to sleep in, to protect him from the cold and the rain. If he survived this he would buy himself another wagon and never allow himself to be so cold again.
Elijah had experienced cold like this before and knew what to expect, although his old bones were calling out to him as he ached all over. Maybe it was time for him to find a better climate, to give up this life on the road. But what would he do? How would he survive? It was something he would have to consider at some time in future.
Gordy was cursing inwardly to himself, the things he did to earn some money. The king was going pay dearly for his information. That he had to suffer the cold, fight off bandits, and who knew what dangers lay ahead; he might not even survive this journey. Then all the gold in the world would be no good to him.  He shivered from the cold and from the thought that he might not even get the chance to spend the money that he had already accumulated.
Adar followed along at the rear pleased to be with Gabriel, Mica and Elijah, that was all that mattered to him. That he had some genuine friends was all he needed. Yes, it was cold but it was only a temporary affliction. As a young boy Adar had suffered at the hands of bullies and had been eventually driven from his village. He never knew who his parents were. All he had was a foggy memory of many faces, none of them friendly. He had to beg for a living in the streets and on the side of the roads until a kindly old lady let him sleep in her stables, tend to her horses and look after the property. For a short time he had a place he could call home. Now he had no home, but he had friends and that was all that mattered.
Yost was becoming worried, the last time he had been here the weather was clear with bright blue skies, no wind and no snow. He remembered being able to see for miles, now he could see nothing except a blank wall of eddying white snow. There was nothing on which to gather his bearings. He was travelling on his instincts. He estimated that in another three hours it would be dark, they had to be below the snowline by then or they would perish in the night. They came to a shallow dip. Which way, right or left? He had no idea. There was a steep cliff here somewhere that dropped over a thousand feet straight down. He hesitated.
Mica stopped as she saw Yost standing still on the dip in front of them, Elijah drew up beside her. “He is lost, Mica, we will never get off this mountain.”
Mica said nothing as she kicked at the flanks of her horse, she let her mind relax, let if flow within the mountain and reach out beyond what one could normally see. “Go left,” she said to Yost as she pulled up beside him.
Yost looked at her. The hood over his face was laced with ice and snow around its edges, his face looked pale and worried. “I’m not sure, Mica.”
“I am, go left.”
Yost stared at her for a moment and then turned his horse to the left. Slowly the depth of the snow began to decrease, the wind, though still blowing had lessened somewhat in strength, but it was still bitterly cold. Then all of a sudden they came out of the cloud and could see the vibrant green land before them, some two thousand feet below. “Santomine,” he said, as they stopped and bunched together to admire the sight before them.
It was a huge valley, as wide as it was long. Waterfalls cascaded down the sides of the steep cliffs, glinting every now and then in the last of the blinkered sunlight. The paddocks and fields were interwoven with a webbed matrix of roads and rivulets. Lazy blue smoke could be seen drifting into the sky from the numerous dwellings that dotted the land. Their eyes were eventually drawn to the end of the valley where on the cliff face stood a huge castle with three spires reaching high into the sky. It was built of the same rock that made up the cliffs, dark and forbidding rock that echoed its age with grey-green moss clinging to its walls.
“That is some castle,” said Gabriel with a low whistle.
“Yes, it would be almost impossible to take,” said Mica, looking at the castle from a military point of view. “I suggest we get down off this pile of rock to the tree line where we can find some shelter and make camp for the night.”
They found a place to camp amid the trees just before dark set in. There was plenty of wood so they lit a big fire, warmed their freezing bodies, dried out some wet clothes, drank some hot tea and ate a hearty meal. Everyone was tired from the effects of a long, arduous day in the snow. Mica snuggled down beneath her blanket and as close to the fire as she dare. She knew the fire they had lit would be visible from below and that they would have visitors in the morning.

* * *

They came with some stealth and frosty breath through the silent stillness of the morning, using the trees to hide their approach as they encircled the small band of travellers with pointed spears held out in front of them. The soldiers wore rounded fur caps, jackets, boots and green scarves wrapped around their necks and heads leaving only a narrow slit for their eyes. They invoked a feeling of mystique. The lingering odour of wood smoke still clung to the air from the dying embers of the fire as they crept closer.
“You will have to do better than that,” said a voice, a feminine voice from behind the soldiers.
Being well trained, the soldiers turned slowly to see who it was that was speaking. They saw a young woman with steadfast eyes and bow notched with an arrow drawn back to its full length. On the other side of their circle stood a man dressed in green, he had his bow drawn as well. Four other men of varying ages stood at their perimeter with swords drawn. One of the soldiers spoke up. “We out number you two to one,” he said defiantly.
“That may be true, but two of you will die instantly if you decide to fight. Which two will it be?” Mica shifted her aim slightly to the nearest man. She could not miss from here and neither could Gordy.
The soldier who had spoken, hesitated, looked around, and then put his spear to the ground. The others followed him. “It will do you no good, you cannot escape,” he said with confidence.
“We have no wish to escape,” replied Mica, letting the pressure off the bow. “We want to go to the castle, to Santomine itself. We have a message to deliver.”
When they reached the castle, the soldiers, three behind and three at the front, led them through two huge, arched, wooden doors that were guarded by four men dressed in fur jackets, dark woollen trousers and the highly visible scarves of green around their necks. Each held a spear with sharpened tips of glinting iron. They were bearded, broad shouldered men.
The room they entered was long, with narrow deep windows either side, allowing a golden shaft of light to enter the centre of the room, exactly where they were walking. Mica felt that she was walking through something spiritual, something divine. Her eyes were immediately drawn to the far end of the room, to a raised platform where there was a huge carved wooden chair. In this chair sat a middle-aged woman whose beauty and poise had not deserted her, even though she was dressed simply in a drab-grey dress and brown slippers. Mica could sense an aura around this woman. Her eyes were fixed on them, curious eyes that showed a hint of sadness. Her dark wavy hair, with a small curl of grey at her forehead, fell to her shoulders. To the right of the woman stood two men, dressed simply with thin cloaks of red silk, they looked like scribes. There were also soldiers positioned at a convenient distance, not so close as to be imposing but close enough if they were needed. The eyes of the woman and her scribes were on them as they strode along the red carpet. Their boots were muffled by its softness. It was very quiet. The three soldiers in front of them stepped to one side allowing them to proceed on their own. The other three soldiers stayed right behind them.
“Do not say a word, let me do the talking, and do as I do,” said Elijah, leading the way.
Mica sensed the warning in his words and understood that this woman commanded respect. Reaching the edge of the platform, Elijah knelt down on one knee and lowered his head, Mica did the same.
“You may rise,” said the woman, her voice soft and sounding a little weary.
“Your Majesty, I am delighted to find you alive and well,” said Elijah.
“Yes, alive and well, but cocooned here in this dreary place,” she said raising her eyebrows.
“Your arrival, although contrary to what is allowed in this land, I find stimulating. Santomine can be a rather boring place at times,” she said, turning her head toward the two scribes. They both bowed slightly, quietly acknowledging their queen.
“Tell me your names, a bit about yourselves and your reason for risking your lives to come here?”
“My name is Elijah, I am a storyteller and I fought at Tursy.”
“You are one of those who survived?”
“Yes,” replied Elijah, knowing full well what the next question would be. He sensed Queen Isabella’s hesitation. It would be hard for her to bring up the past, to return to the sorrow and anguish that she had felt back then. He decided to intervene, not to allow her to recall those unhappy memories.
“Your Majesty, I would like to introduce my friend, Mica, who is the reason we are here.”
Isabella shifted her eyes to the girl, saw her beauty and wondered why she wore a sword. “You may speak, Mica.”
“I am an orphan, Your Majesty, made so by the war at a young age. The man who raised me was one of your soldiers. He taught me how to use a sword.”
“This man, what was his name?”
“His name was Agar.”
“Agar, you were raised by Agar? Your story intrigues me, please tell me more.”
“He passed away so it was time for me to move on and find those who made me an orphan. I went to Tursy with Elijah and while there I met a man, a man who only allowed himself to be seen at night and then only with a hooded black cloak hiding his face.”
“Would he not let you see his face?” she asked as she clasped her hands together in her lap wringing them like a piece of cloth.
“No, he would not. We spoke some more and it became clear to me that this man was locked in some sort of struggle within himself. He seemed unsure of his direction.”
“Did he give you his name?”
“He did not, but he eventually told me that I should come here to Santomine. He said he was a Shadow Walker.”
“He is alive!” she said with a smile on her face as she looked at one of the bearded scribes.
“Your Majesty, you should not get yourself worked up. It might be nothing.”
“Nothing indeed, then why did he send this girl and her friends here to Santomine? It’s his way of telling me that he is alive and well.”
“Your Majesty,” said Elijah. “We all know the story of Tursy, of the flag, but do I deduce from your comments that you are confirming that this man who calls himself the Shadow Walker is your son, Edmond?”
“It is the only explanation. I gave him the flag to use at Tursy.”
She turned to the scribe she had spoken to before. “See that Mica and Elijah’s friends are looked after, give them the best rooms. They will be with us for a while.”
She looked back, her eyes on Mica. “I think we should go somewhere more comfortable to talk, I have much to tell you and it seems you have something to tell me,” she said, rising from her seat.

Queen Isabella led them through a high corridor and then into a much smaller room with a blazing fire and soft cushioned seats around a huge wooden table capable of seating at least twenty diners. She sat down at one side of the table and then offered Elijah and Mica a seat opposite her. The scribes had not followed them. “Let me begin first. Let me tell you about the Shadow Walkers. It is true that Santomine is the birthplace of the Shadow Walkers and as far as I know our family is the only family who has kept the strain alive. Only the males inherit the powers of the Shadow Walkers, this was one of the main reasons why the Shadow Walkers disappeared. With daughters being born the strain was diluted.”
She continued, “Once upon a time every male was born with the powers, now it is by chance that a male carries the strain. I recognised Edmond’s abilities at an early age, or should I say, my grandfather, Wilber de Grand, did and pointed it out to me. I had the High Priests train him, without Edmond’s knowledge of the real reason. I just told him it was part of his education.
“On the day of the battle I felt that it would not go well, no one else had been able to defeat the Lothians. I informed Edmond of his birthright and gave him the flag and told him to use it only as a last resort.”
“We can presume he went into the mountains, to the temples of the High Priests and continued his training,” said Elijah.
“So it seems, but why did he wait so long to announce his return?”
“Maybe I can answer that question,” said Mica.
“When we first met he was reluctant to tell me who he was and he thought the gathering of pilgrims at Tursy a waste of time as it would achieve nothing. I told him he was wrong about that. I suspect that he was frustrated and unable to come up with a plan that would enable him to set in process that which he hoped for. I think we were both in the same boat in a way. I was seeking revenge for my past as I now know he was, but we both had no idea how we were going to achieve this.
“Then it was taken out of our hands. The Lothians attacked the pilgrims, killed all the priests and burnt the church. I managed to escape with a small group of people. He came to me that night and finally admitted that he was a Shadow Walker. He was greatly disturbed at what had happened at Tursy and he meant to do something about it. I took the flag of the Shadow Walker into the Lothian camp the next morning.”
“That was a brave thing to do,” said Isabella.
“I had an ulterior motive. One of the men who killed my parents was with the Lothians.”
Now Isabella understood the reason for this young woman wearing a sword.
“I delivered the flag and the warning. The Lothians laughed it off and burnt the flag. I also took my revenge on one of the men who killed my parents in a duel. That night the Shadow Walker visited the camp, slew seven men and cut off their heads and left them in a circle with one head in the centre.”
“He intends to slay all the leaders of the provinces,” said Isabella. “A smart move, it will lead to chaos.”
“There will be a price to pay though.”
Queen Isabella looked at Mica, whose eyes, steadfast and sure, stared back at her. “The king will have to attack the Land of the Manutes if he wants to dispel the myth of the Shadow Walker, he will have to take Santomine. He will come in the spring,” explained Mica.
“How can you be so sure of this?”
“It’s the only choice he has unless he wants to lose face.”
“I feared that one day this would happen, that the king would try again. We have the winter to prepare. In the meantime you and your friends are welcome to stay.”
Mica was shown to her room where there was a petit young woman with dark hair in pigtails waiting. Her name was Hannah and she was to be Mica’s maid.
“I have ordered a bath for you, Madam.”
“Hannah, call me Mica, I am no more a Madam than you are.”
“Yes, Madam, I mean, Mica,” she replied rather nervously. “I will see to your bath.”
Left alone in the room Mica cast her eyes around the opulence. The bed was huge, a four-poster with red curtains and pure white covers. It was a real bed. Mica had never slept in a bed with sheets. The fire in the brazier was burning brightly, radiating a succulent heat as she made her way past it to the window. She pulled aside the red velvet curtains. It was snowing outside; winter had finally set in. Her thoughts turned to the Shadow Walker. Where was he and was he safe as she now was?

* * *

Brannigan sat by the tiny fire turning over the rabbit he had snared earlier that morning while his master had been sleeping. His thoughts went back over the last few days, back to when his master had asked him to watch for the girl and those that followed her. He wasn’t sure what to expect that day, but when he saw the young woman he understood why his master was so interested. Even he drew in his breath at the sight of her. There was no questioning her beauty, her poise and agility.
He had followed the group as they climbed the mountain and when they made camp he had returned to his master and told him where they were. The next evening his master went to see the young woman and returned without his horse, he had loaned it to the young woman, whom he now knew was called Mica. He said she would deliver the flag to the Lothians and the message of their impending fate.
The horse had returned by itself the following day while Brannigan was in Tursy. It was what he did best, infiltrating the enemy lines, he had an uncanny ability to blend in, to change his appearance and become something he was not. In this way he was able to gather information for his master. The information he gathered this day was of Mica’s delivery of the flag; of the duel she had with Penner, one of the king’s evil overlords whom she had killed. Brannigan was beginning to like this young woman.
Finally, his master had acted, had become a true Shadow Walker and was striking fear into the hearts of all those who had killed and maimed. Last night he had struck the first blow and had arrived back in the early hours of the morning with a bloodied sword. Even Brannigan would have gladly taken up the sword after what happened at Tursy, so much was the anger in him when he heard of the senseless slaughter. 
The Shadow Walker had risen from his sleep and walked over and sat by the small fire. “Is that rabbit cooked?”
“A few more minutes, Master.”
The Shadow Walker sat quietly as if deep in thought and then he spoke. “She will have to pass through the fort.”
Brannigan knew who he was talking about but he feigned ignorance, wishing to draw his master’s thoughts from him, to understand why he was so interested in this young woman. “Of whom do you speak, Master?”
The Shadow Walker raised his eyebrows at Brannigan’s question. “Sometimes Brannigan I think you joke with me and test my patience.”
“Sometimes, Master, you speak without saying what you mean to say.”
“Brannigan, you are an incorrigible bastard. You know I speak of Mica.”
“Yes, Master. She is a woman of incredible beauty. I have only ever seen one other carry herself with such confidence and she was a queen.”
“That is so, Brannigan. That is so.”
“I don’t think she will have any trouble, she is woman of amazing talents.”
“It was Agar, an old friend of my family, a master swordsman, who taught her how to use the sword,” said the Shadow Walker rather solemnly.
“That I did not know, Master. Is he still with us?”
“No, he recently passed away.”
The master reached across and took a leg off the rabbit.
“Didn’t your mother ever tell you off for picking at the food when it was cooking,” growled Brannigan.
“All the time,” he said as he bit into the flesh. “By the way, I told Mica to go to Santomine, she will be safe there.”
“You told her to go to Santomine!” said Brannigan with some surprise.
This was something that Brannigan had not expected. Santomine was his master’s birth place, he hadn’t been back there in many a year. In fact, once he took up the cause and started his training he had never visited his people; they now all presumed him dead. “They will be suspicious of her when she arrives.”
“Yes, but they will also be curious. Eventually, they will understand what her presence means.”
Brannign would like to have spoken more of the past, more of Santomine and his master’s feelings, but he knew that if he tried to enter his master’s mind he would be rebuffed, as he so often was. His master was still angry at the way his life had turned out, at how he had been separated from his family by death, by the war and by his decision to take the path of his ancestors.
“Once Thomas Letcher learns of her deeds he will not be so lenient. Nor will he be happy with what I have done and what I am about to do,” said the Shadow Walker.
“You think he will search for her, search for you, even in the winter?”
“He will have to, or lose face and he won’t let that happen.”
Brannigan prodded at the rabbit with a knife. “The rabbit is cooked.”
“About bloody time.”

* * *

It was late when they made camp, he had driven his men hard trying to put as many miles behind them as possible, the closer he came to Lothia’s borders the safer he would feel. “Have the patrols seen anything?”
“No, sir. Nothing at all,” replied Porta.
“It’s too bloody quiet, Porta.”
Goran paced the carpeted floor of his tent that had been hastily erected by his servants. Several braziers burned brightly in an effort to keep out the cold and dampness of the night.
“I’ve put out extra guards and I will send out patrols during the night, sir. It is all we can do.”
“You know what will happen if there’s another incident.”
“Yes, sir, we will start losing people. They’ll slink off into the night. The fear and rot will set in. Some of the civilians have already fled.” 
“Let’s hope that nothing happens tonight.”
“We could move faster without the prisoners, sir.”
They had about one hundred prisoners, fit young men who would work hard under the lash. The king needed more slaves to build his fleet. Goran was reluctant to lose these men as the king would be very grateful for more free labor and to have some more positives from the campaign. He would have to tell the king that Penner was dead and that a Shadow Walker had emerged from the fields of Tursy. This news alone would anger him. “No, we will keep them, Porta, but if any falter, kill them.”
“Yes, sir.”
There was no need to follow the retreating cavalry during the day. The Shadow Walker knew where they were heading, what road they were taking and how far they would get before making camp. He also knew they would be wary, have more guards tonight and maybe even night patrols, but it would make no difference. Some of them would die tonight.
That evening he found them rather easily, all he had to do was to look for the fires. The patrols he bypassed as they rode around in a big group making far more noise than they should have, or maybe that was the idea, they hoped that their presence and superior numbers would scare off any attack.
Brannigan stayed behind in the trees where he could cover his master’s retreat if need be. He retrieved his longbow and made sure his quiver of black-feathered arrows was easily available. Then he sat quietly on a log in the darkness, waiting for his master to return.
After dispatching two guards, the Shadow Walker slipped into the camp and found two unfortunate sleeping victims lying in the centre of the camp. With one hand he clamped their mouths. The razor sharp knife in his other hand slit their throats. Then he retreated from the camp. This would unsettle the soldiers in the morning. The fear of a silent death would begin to eat away at them.
Goran was furious next morning when he heard the news. “What were the guards doing? Where were the patrols? Am I surrounded by fools?”
“I do not understand it, sir. The camp was ringed by guards. This man moves in the night as if he is part of it; no one saw or heard anything.”
“Maybe we should leave our assassin a message. Hang four of the prisoners from the nearest tree and leave them there.”

Peter Burrows had slept badly. They all had as they huddled closely together in the chill of the night, trying to generate some warmth from each other’s bodies. Peter was lucky that he had a single blanket but even this was not enough to ward off the cold.  Some had two blankets but were unwilling to share with those who had none. The men were becoming selfish, only looking to themselves. Instead of sharing and uniting as a group they were slowly turning on each other. This the Lothians enjoyed, even encouraged as they gave some scraps of food, and others nothing. This split the prisoners and they were fighting among themselves. It made Peter angry, angry at the Lothians and angry at the men for being sucked in, for being weak.
Yesterday had been hard, the soldiers made them jog, made them keep up with the horses. Many had blisters on their feet; some had no shoes. Their hands were tied and in turn they were tied to each other. It was obvious to him that the general was trying to reach the sanctity of a Lothian fort across the border. Once there he would be safe.
Peter had heard about Mica’s grand entrance, about her delivering the flag of the Shadow Walker and the warning that went with it. He had also heard about the duel and that she had tried to have him released. At least she had rescued his sister. For that he would be forever grateful. The seven severed heads that had appeared in the camp yesterday morning had unsettled the soldiers. Most of the prisoners had taken much joy from the news. It gave Peter some glimpse of hope, for if he managed to escape he vowed to himself that he would not go home, would not return until he took revenge for the death of his father.
He stirred beneath his blanket, turning on the hard ground as the dawn came to the small valley. The sun was even shining. They were roused by the guards who seemed to be sullen, angry and rather jittery. Soon, the reason for their attitude became apparent. The story sped through the prisoners quickly. The Shadow Walker had visited the camp again last night. He had slain two guards and two men who were sleeping in the middle of the camp.
As Peter rose, stretched himself and folded his blanket with his still tethered hands he saw a troop of soldiers marching towards them. He saw them take four prisoners, cut the rope that bound them together and lead them off to a big tree on the side of the road. When the soldiers began throwing ropes over one of the huge boughs of the tree that was thick with the yellow and orange leaves of autumn, he immediately understood what they meant to do. Four soldiers had died last night. Four prisoners would die this morning. All the men watched in silence as the ropes were strung around the men’s necks. There was no ceremony, no prayers and no words of endearment as they were hoisted off the ground their feet kicking wildly in the throes of death. Peter mumbled a small prayer as did some of the other prisoners.
They were all given a small handful of cold rice and were allowed to quench their thirst at a small stream. Then the torture began all over again as they moved off at an even faster pace than yesterday. Most of the prisoners were fit young men but there were those who soon began to weaken. The first man to drop was confronted by one of the soldiers on horse back with his sword in the air.
“I can’t run anymore,” said the slender, wispy looking young man as he gasped. “I need to rest.”
Peter saw that the man’s feet were bloodied and shredded. He could not walk anymore even if he had the will to go on.
“Then rest forever,” said the soldier as he swung his sword, decapitating the man. He leapt down from the horse, cut the bonds from the body and retied them again so that all the prisoners were linked up. He faced the prisoners. “Anyone else who falters will meet the same fate.”
During the day it clouded over and began to rain. Peter was glad of the rain at first as it cooled his sweating body, washed the grime from his face and hair, but as it increased in intensity he cursed it.
“I can’t take much more of this,” said the big man beside Peter.
“You have to if you want to stay alive,” he replied as his feet splashed into a puddle on the road. He was soaked right through, his blanket was sodden and an added weight across his shoulders.
“We will be stopping soon for the night, we have to escape.”
“But how, we need a knife.”
“We must find a way,” said the big man as he fell back into silence. Talking took up too much energy as they jogged along beneath the wary eyes of the surrounding soldiers.

“Cut them down,” said the Shadow Walker as he stared up at the tortured faces of the four men hanging from the tree.
Brannigan slid from his horse in the rain and cut the ropes, the bodies crashed to the ground. They had nothing to dig with so they just covered the bodies with rocks from a nearby ridge.
“Let’s hope this rain continues into the night Brannigan, it will make our task easier.”
“You plan to set the prisoners free, Master.”
“Yes, and relieve the Lothians of some of their horses. That’ll slow them down considerably.”
“Some of the prisoners will be caught, Master, the Lothians are not that stupid.”
“Yes that is true, Brannigan, but even if only some of them make it; they will then be a ready made force once they have horses and weapons. I’m sure they’ll want revenge against the Lothians.”
They climbed back up onto their horses, Brannigan was aware of the Lothian uniform he had tied to the rear of his horse. The Shadow Walker would wear it tonight to reach the prisoners.

“The men are complaining, sir,” said Porta.
“Let them complain,” answered Goran, towelling his hair beneath the shelter of his hastily erected tent that was just managing to keep the rain out. Everything was drenched. The water had seeped into their baggage. All his clothes were wet if not damp. No fires could be lit, so there would be no cooking tonight.
“It might have been better that we kept going, sir.”
“I would have, only the horses need to be rested,” he said, tossing the towel onto the back of a cane chair. “As I recall there is a town not far from here, a place where we can find shelter, dry our clothes and cook some food.”
“It’s about a day and a half ride from here, sir.”
“Tomorrow we will keep going until we reach the village. The men can walk for a while to rest the horses. I want at least a third of the men on guard during the night, no one can get through. I want no more deaths, the troops are nervous enough now.”
“They won’t be happy, sir.”
“It is better to be unhappy than dead.”
“Yes, sir,” said Porta as he left the tent to deliver the news to the troops.
There was some grumbling but they saw sense in the extra guards, it was impossible to sleep in the rain anyway.
The rain eased somewhat during the night, although it still fell as a light drizzle. The guards encircled the camp, continually moving about, it would be impossible for anyone to get past them tonight.
The prisoners were huddled together wet to the skin and shivering, sleep was nigh impossible on the soft, wet ground. Peter tossed and turned as did the big man nearest him, Stafford, from Steppland. He had joined in the fighting when it had begun and was arrested. His wife and two children were left to fend for themselves and would have to find their own way back to Darfor. He was worried about them and wanted to escape at the first opportunity, as did Peter.
Peter was relieved that Melissa was safe. He was going to fight the Lothians, how he was not quite sure yet, but he could do with some strong fighting men like Stafford. The Shadow Walker was using hit and run tactics, and it was working. The Lothians were scared shitless, they were completely on the defensive. During the night the guards usually checked the ropes, but tonight they had been a little slack, the rain, discomfort and their nervousness at being attacked again had distracted them. “Stafford,” he whispered, “were you serious about wanting to escape?”
“Of course, I want out of here.”
“It has to be tonight, we won’t get a better chance. The longer we leave it the less chance we’ll have.”
“I agree.” he said as he shuffled closer to Peter and began working on the taught wet ropes that tied them together.
“One of the guards is watching us,” said Peter as he sunk back down and pretended to be sleeping.
The Shadow Walker had found it easy to penetrate the camp disguised as a soldier. No one gave him a second glance as he joined in the patrols that were continually moving about. The horses were separated, placed in small groups around the camp. This was unfortunate as he would not be able to drive all the horses off. He had been slowly circling the prisoners, watching them, looking for someone who might lead this rabble. He knew some of these men although they did not know him, as over the years he and Brannigan had entered the camps at Tursy as pilgrims. It was then that he spotted a young man he had seen before, Peter Burrows.
He had seen some of the soldiers checking the ropes of the prisoners, this he began to do, moving closer to where Peter lay. When he reached Peter he dropped the knife next to him.
Peter had thought the game was up, the soldier would surely see the loosened ropes and when he dropped the knife he was totally surprised but not so much that he didn’t grab the knife and hide it beneath him.
“Listen to me,” whispered the Shadow Walker, “you must all escape together, it will create enough confusion for you to get away. Make for the ridge on the right. I will stop some of them chasing you.”
Peter didn’t have a chance to reply as the soldier moved on, checking more ropes.
“Who was that?” whispered Stafford.
“I have no idea, but we have a knife,” said Peter as he took it out from beneath his blanket and began cutting the ropes. When he was free he gave the knife to Stafford. “Pass it on and tell the next person the same and when all the ropes are cut we’ll make a break for it.”
“Do you have any sort of plan,” asked Stafford, sawing at the ropes.
“I intend to grab a weapon and a horse if I can. We don’t want to be on foot with the cavalry chasing us.”
Some of the other men nearby had heard the mention of a knife and were eagerly awaiting their turn. Some were not so eager; some were afraid and were questioning the wisdom of trying to escape. Peter, for a brief moment held some fear, he could be killed. His mother would have to face another death in the family. But he drove the fear from his mind and only thought of revenge as he remembered his father fighting the soldiers. Peter was worried that someone might betray them. No one did, and within the hour everyone’s bonds had been cut. It was time to make their escape.
Peter and Stafford rose quickly and took the two guards nearest them. Peter wound his arm around the first soldier’s neck, closing off his breathing. The soldier struggled against him and tried to yell out. Peter reached for the dagger at the soldier’s belt, the man’s hand clasped onto his trying to stop him reaching the dagger, but Peter was too strong for him as he unsheathed the dagger and sliced it across the soldier’s neck. The fight went out of him as he collapsed onto the ground.
Stafford merely hit the other soldier on the side of the head with his massive fist knocking him down and snatching his sword, then driving it deep into his chest.
“That’s for Tursy,” he spat as he withdrew the bloodied sword.
By this time the rest of prisoners had risen in a wave, a moving mass of fighting bodies as the yells of alarm and dying screams from the soldiers rented the air.
“Quickly, to the horses,” yelled Stafford.
Peter and Stafford managed to climb aboard a horse each, as did some of the other prisoners. Peter noticed that some of the prisoners just ran for their lives, not wishing to fight and not taking a horse, these would be the first to die when the soldiers began their chase, for to be on foot against trained cavalry was tantamount to suicide.
Peter cut the ropes on the rest of the horses, drove them off and made their way towards the ridge with some thirty or more men who were following his lead. The drizzling rain now increased to become a sweeping surge, a torrent, a wall of water that could only aid them in their escape.
Goran leapt from his bed at the sounds of alarm, he was still fully clothed as one should be when in enemy territory. He pushed aside the flap of the tent with his sword and immediately began issuing orders as he saw the fighting and the fleeing prisoners in the gloomy darkness. “The horses, secure the horses,” he yelled, for he knew that if they lost the horses any advantage they would have in protecting themselves would be lost.
Already he could see horses fleeing, horses with prisoners riding them. Porta was off to his right marshalling some men to give chase. Then it began to rain again, heavily, and the scene before him was blocked out. “Damn the bloody rain,” he said as he moved forward to try and find himself a horse. “Porta, find me a horse!”
“Yes, sir.”
Within minutes Goran was mounted and surrounded by some two hundred of his men who had managed to find horses. “Kill them all,” he screamed as he rode off into the darkness and the quagmire from the falling rain.
Peter and his band made it to the ridge and the forest without any difficulty. The Shadow Walker had managed to cut loose many of the horses, but not all of them and then in the confusion and darkness he joined Goran’s band. He rode along at the rear of the men where he picked off several soldiers. It was sudden and very vicious, his sword striking the necks of the men, if their heads did not leave their bodies, the injuries would suffice to see to their deaths. He could do nothing about the bloodbath that followed. The men on foot had no chance. But while the soldiers were killing these men, the others, those who had chosen a horse, would have a good chance of escape. He finally managed to slink away in the pouring rain. He knew the rain, the loss of men and horses would slow the Lothian’s down; even so they were still a formidable force with some eighteen hundred well trained soldiers.

Peter was among the first of the riders to reach the trees. There was a trail leading across a small stream and his thoughts were to ford the stream and keep going as fast as he could, but then he slowed his horse. He needed to think, to keep a clear head, this might not be the best choice. He pulled at the reins stopping the big grey horse at the edge of the water.  The others soon caught up and began to gather around him.
“Why have you stopped?” asked one of the men.
“They’ll be expecting us to cross the stream. We will leave a trail clear enough for a child to follow.”
“What do you suggest?’ asked Stafford, who had now joined Peter.
The men seemed to be waiting for him to make a decision; it was as if they were accepting him as their leader.
“Take half the men and cross the stream,” he instructed Stafford, “then have them turn in a circle, go down stream and enter the water, then follow the rest of us upstream. We’ll wait for you somewhere safe.”
There was no hesitation as Stafford beckoned some of the men to follow him; the rest went with Peter. The trees hung over the stream creating an archway, a shield from the rain. It was much darker here and Peter had to proceed slowly, constantly scanning with his eyes and feeling his way through the stream and past the hovering branches. “Keep to the centre of the stream and don’t go near the muddy banks,” he yelled at the men behind him. They obeyed him in silence.
They went on like this for a good hour. It was becoming lighter. It looked like the rain had stopped and the sky was clearing. Peter could see the twinkling of the odd star between the branches. He began looking for a place to leave the stream, a place where their tracks would not show.
To one side was a flat stony bank where he climbed out of the stream and led them into the forest for about a hundred yards, then stopped. 
“I need two volunteers to go back and watch the stream for the others?”
Two men, both significantly large with broad shoulders stepped forward; one held a spear and the other a sword.
“What are your names?”
Alfred and Simon, we’re brothers,” answered Simon.
“Go to the edge of the forest but keep out of sight. Stay there and when Stafford arrives you can point them in our direction. And keep an eye out for the Lothians. I’ll organise someone to relieve you later.”
“Who gave you the right to command?” asked a sullen, demanding voice from amid the crowd of horseman.
Peter moved his horse closer to the riders. Several of the men moved aside leaving a thick-set man with wild woolly black hair and beard in view, obviously he was the one who had spoken. He held a sword in his right hand and was at least twice Peter’s age.
“I have no more right than any man here,” said Peter. “If you think you can escape the Lothians on your own and survive then you’re welcome to leave right now, as a matter of fact all of you can leave,” he said, casting his eyes around the dozen or so riders.
“This is not about escaping,” grunted the man in a deep gravelly voice.
“Then what is it about?”
“It’s about fighting those bastards.”
“What’s your name?”
“Edgar Mane from Westland, I lost a good friend at Tursy and I intend to take as many Lothian lives as I can.”
“Then you and I think alike, Edgar, for my father was slain at Tursy.”
This seemed to mellow Edgar somewhat. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
“The reality is that all of us are now on Thomas Letcher’s hit list, even if we wanted to return to our families we can’t. The Lothians will be waiting for us to appear, they’ll use our families and friends as bait, hoping that we will return. Then they’ll arrest everyone and I don’t have to tell you what’ll happen then!”
“Then what are we to do?” asked one of the men.
“Fight them,” replied Peter.
“How can we fight the Lothians, we are but thirty men when the others join us.”
“We will wait for the rest to arrive, then, I’ll tell you what I plan to do. The matter of leadership can be decided after that.”
“That’s fair enough,” said Edgar, dismounting from his horse.
When Stafford arrived the grey dawn was just beginning to creep through the trees. They all felt the seeping cold in their bones. Peter gathered the wet, miserable looking men around him. “I’m Peter Burrows, I lost my father at Tursy and I intend to revenge his death. None of us can go back home as we are marked men, so I am suggesting that we form a fighting unit against the Lothians.”
“You must be mad,” said one of the men, we don’t have a chance against the Lothians.
“Hear me out and all will become clear. Earlier tonight a soldier came to me and cut my bonds, which enabled us to escape. I believe that soldier was the Shadow Walker.”
All was quiet, no one said a word.
“I know this is hard to believe, hard to imagine that all the old tales are true, that there are Shadow Walkers, and that one of them has returned to show us the way. His tactics of hit and run had the Lothians running around in circles and scared of their own shadows. That’s what we must do; strike them where they are vulnerable until we’re ready to meet them face to face.
“I further propose that we select several among us to carry the news, to raise other bands across the land to harass the Lothians. Our aim is to build an army, an army that will eventually come together to fight the king’s forces. There is no turning back now, it’s all or nothing.”
“It might just work,” said Stafford.
“All of us are fed up with the Lothians, it is time we took the fight to them,” growled an angry young man off to Peter’s right. All the other men nodded or expressed their agreement with added words.
“I’ll go back to my home in Westland and raise a group there,” said Edgar.
“You will lead them?” asked Peter.
“Yes.”
Several more men stepped forward to offer their services in forming more groups. Peter selected one from each of the subdued provinces, five men in total. They would go and form fighting units in all the provinces except Moorland. Peter was the only person from Moorland and he could not go back. “Now, about the leadership question, I’m putting my hand up to lead those here, five others have offered to command the other bands. Does anybody have any problems with this?” No one spoke.
“There are a couple more things I’d like your agreement on. There will be no looting or killing of civilians, but you can rob and kill all the Lothian soldiers you like. If you come across any bandits, of which there are many, you are to offer them the opportunity to join us, if they refuse they’re to be put to the sword. They’ll only hinder us in our quest.”
“That is sound policy,” replied Edgar. “There will need to be some order in this rebellion, for that’s what it is. We will take our lands back and woe-betide anyone that stands in our way.”
There was a chorus of agreement as they mounted their horses and said their farewells.
“How long do you think this’ll take?” asked Edgar.
“I’d like a year or even two but I doubt whether the king will allow us that luxury once he hears about what we are doing. We could have to fight in the spring.”
“I’ll wait for your summons.”
Peter was left with twenty-four men, they would have to find food, shelter, some more weapons and then plan their first attack.

The Shadow Walker stripped himself of the clinging, drenched Lothian uniform. The rain had stopped and it was now icy cold. He stood naked on the ridge overlooking the valley as Brannigan passed him dry clothes.
“What are we going to do now, Master?” enquired Brannigan.
“I think we have bloodied the nose of the Lothians and caused them some distress. We will let them go for now. We have done what we intended to do, they’ll spread the story and create some fear and doubt in the mind of all the Lothian soldiers.”
“There are those who won’t believe, those who’ll try to discredit you in any way they can, especially Thomas Letcher.”
“I would expect nothing more of him,” he said, slipping on his cloak, pleased to feel its warmth. He then strapped on his sword and sheathed his dagger. “We need to keep the pressure up, keep the stories of the Shadow Walker’s return alive.”
“We’re going to Darfor then?”
“Yes, Brannigan, I have to kill an old friend.”

* * *
 
Benjamin Simms, the Governor of Steppland, paced the floor of his chambers as the fire flickered into a roar of flames. His servant had just put on some more logs. Winter had finally arrived with the first snowfalls. He walked to the window, opened it and peered out across the light snow covered roofs of the houses below. Off in the distance were the mountains of Steppland covered in cloud and not visible, but he knew they would be white with snow. For a decade and a half he had ruled this land, had milked it of its resources; what the king didn’t take he took. He was rich, had a fine wife and a growing family of three boys, two in their late teens and one a young man. Life had been good to him. He had everything a man could want.
This latest news though had him worried. The killings at Tursy could rouse the people and make them angrier than they already were. Then there was the story of some woman warrior appearing and slaying one of the king’s men. And to top it off there was the rumour of a Shadow Walker appearing. This news concerned him the most. Although finding it hard to believe, he knew that the former queen of Steppland was born in Santomine, the supposed birthplace of the Shadow Walkers. That queen had a son who disappeared years ago at the battle of Tursy. His body was never found and nothing had been heard of him since. Many presumed he had been wounded, escaped the field, and died somewhere later.
This was the one thing Benjamin feared, the return of Edmond Harland. For he knew that he would seek revenge, seek his death. He closed the window, shivered slightly, partly from the cold and partly from his own fears. He stepped over to the fire that now gave off plenty of heat. He stared into the flames, remembering the flames that had rocked the city many years ago. Would the flames come again? There was a knock on the door. “Come in,” he snarled, not being pleased with this intrusion on his thoughts.
Smythe, his Master at Arms entered the room, keeping his eyes to the floor, not wishing to see the governor’s anger, to feel his wrath. It was he who had brought the news of what had happened at Tursy and it was he who would now have to deliver further news that would not be well received.
“What is it?” snapped the governor.
Smythe lifted his eyes. The governor was a big man, once he had been a warrior, but his body had now turned to fat. His paunch protruded over his trousers, his neck had thickened and his face had become rounded and ruddy with the reflection of too much wine. “Sir, someone has erected a flag at the crossroads on the Tursy Road as it enters the city.”
“Smythe, why do you bother me with these trivialities?”
“It’s no ordinary flag, sir.”
Suddenly, feeling a sense of apprehension, Benjamin Simms instantly shifted his eyes from the fire to his Master at Arms. He noticed his hesitation. “Spit it out man, I haven’t got all day.”
“It’s the flag of the Shadow Walker, sir.”
“Shadow Walkers don’t exist, Smythe, they are legends concocted by an old woman. Have the flag taken down.”
“Yes, sir,” he replied, bowing and retreating backwards out the door.
“Smythe, the guards at the castle gates, have them doubled,” he said as an after thought.
“Yes, sir.”
As Smythe left the room he breathed a sigh of relief. He was glad to have that over with, but he had not told Governor Simms everything. The people had heard the stories and his soldiers were reporting verbal attacks and small acts of defiance by the civilian population. The sight of the flag of the Shadow Walker had given them voice, given them courage.
After his Master at Arms had left Benjamin made his way to his wife’s quarters. The small busty woman greeted him with a kiss and a cuddle. “Myra, I want you and the boys to go to Lothia, to the capital for a while.”
“Why?” she asked, sensing her husband’s concern, his worry.
“It’s warmer there.”
“But my place is here with you, it has always been that way,” she said looking up at him. “What is going on, Benjamin?”
He could never fool his wife. They had been together too long. “Myra, just go and don’t ask any questions.”
“Has this something to do with Tursy and the reports of the return of a Shadow Walker?”
“If you must know, yes,” he paused as he looked into the eyes of his wife and saw her own fear.
“They killed the priests, Myra. That alone will be enough to have the rest of the priests in the land calling for the king’s head. They will incite the people to revolt.”
“And the Shadow Walker?”
“His flag is flying at the crossroads. I’ve ordered it to be taken down. You know the stories as well as anyone. Shadow Walkers always announced their arrival by putting up their flag. He is coming for me, Myra. That I know for sure.”
“How do you know that, he could be coming for anyone?”
“It was I who betrayed Steppland, I who opened the gates to let the Lothians in.”
“You have a garrison of five-thousand men.”
“I fear that may not be enough.”
Myra was suddenly at a loss on what to say to her husband. Had he had some sort of premonition? She had never known him to be so negative.
“Why don’t you step up the patrols, have them question anyone looking suspicious and impose a curfew. Surely we will be safe here in the castle.”
“I don’t need to remind you that Steppland’s former queen thought she was safe here as well.”
“Do you really think it’s that bad?” she said turning from him and sitting down in her chair before the fire, concern on her face.
“I’d like to say no, but all my instincts tell me differently.”
“Then you must take the appropriate precautions, and regardless of what happens, I’m staying here with you.”
“When are the boys due back?”
“It depends how the hunt is going but I’m expecting them tomorrow night.”
“I’d feel better if they were back here in the castle,” said Benjamin.

It was cold out in the open. The day was overcast with a biting wind that seemed to cut right through them, they had passed through the gates of the city without any problems from the guards, they welcomed the shelter and the increased warmth gained from the city walls. Brannigan, with his head exposed, led his master who was concealed by a brown rustic woollen cape with a hood. Brannigan had no fear of being recognised here in Darfor as he was from Moran, a country on the eastern side of Islabad, but for his master it was far different.
The story he told for those who were inquisitive of his master’s reason for keeping his face covered, was that he had been badly scarred in a fire and had almost died. His master had then decided to take a pilgrimage to all the corners of the land, to see, to learn, to somehow try and come to terms with a life that now demanded his isolation.
Brannigan thought back to the time when he had first journeyed to the temples in the mountains looking for spiritual guidance. He was not sure if he found that guidance, but he did befriend a tormented youth who had seemingly lost his will to live, his will to start over after losing all those who were dear to him. The priests managed to convince the youth to embrace learning, to read, to study, to train with the sword so that he could be a better man when the time came for him to leave the temple.
With time the youth grew stronger in himself and became very proficient with the sword and dagger. He began reading the old chronicles, those that pertained to the history, the training and the disciplines required of Shadow Walkers. Here he seemed to find some solace, some connection. He practiced movements of stealth using the night and became very good at blending in, at becoming invisible.
In the beginning Brannigan could match him with the sword and dagger but gradually he drew away, becoming stronger, faster and almost impossible to defeat one on one. Even some of the priests, who were reputed to be master swordsmen, were no match for him. It was as if he had attained some divine power, had become a true Shadow Walker.
The priests had made Brannigan Edmond’s servant and over the years they had become close friends, so when he announced that he was leaving the temple there was never any question about them leaving together. And so began a journey of some five years traversing the continent of Islabad. They stayed true to their origins after leaving the temples; Brannigan the servant, the Shadow Walker, the master.
The dirt of the streets gave way to cobblestones as they neared the city centre and the square. Here the traders were selling their goods. The bustle of the city seemed far from the death and mayhem that had occurred in Tursy.
Beneath his hood the Shadow Walker wore a silken red scarf; there were people here who would recognise him in an instant. Every precaution had to be taken if he was to achieve his goal. It had been over fifteen years since he had last seen Darfor. Physically it hadn’t changed, the wood and stone buildings were much the same, but he was quick to notice the squalor of the people. He saw the ragged woollen clothes where once there had been silk. There were no horses pulling the drays, instead they were pulled by men, thin, wiry and looking exhausted. Armed soldiers were everywhere, eyeing each passing pedestrian. The people shuffled from stall to stall with eyes cast to the ground, it was obvious they feared the soldiers, feared looking at them in case they caused some offence.
“I feel a little exposed here, Master.”
“Stay calm, if we are stopped you will have to appease them, we can ill afford a fight now. We need to find a place to stay. There are inns in the side streets at the end of the square.”
They were almost through the square when Brannigan noticed three soldiers eyeing them. The soldiers stepped out in front of them. Two of the men held long spikes. These he knew would be used on the horses if they tried to flee and once unseated they would be killed or taken prisoner. The third soldier, a tall gangly man with a clean-shaven face stepped forward with his hand resting on his sword. “Your names and your business in Darfor?” he demanded with arrogance that reflected his stature as a conquering soldier.
“My name is Brannigan and my master’s name is Wilber de Grand. We are visiting your fine city on our pilgrimage through all the great cities of Islabad. We have just come from Haslam where we had audience with the king and paid him a princely sum in gratuities.”
“A likely story,” he grunted.
“You jest of the king, sir?” said Brannigan with a firm tone to his voice.
The soldier glared at Brannigan and in that instant probably realised that he had made a cardinal mistake. It was something you never did, say anything against the king, or even make jokes however trivial, especially to strangers. There were too many people willing to make favour by selling information for a few lowly coins. Dissenters were quickly dealt with.
He switched his gaze to the man on the black stallion with the hood and scarf covering his face. “Why do you cover your face?”
“My master was burnt in a fire and is horribly disfigured and his speech was affected as well,” said Brannigan.
Brannigan could see the soldiers’s unease, the indecision he was confronting within himself. Did he want to take this further or was the mention of the king enough to make this man wary and afraid of invoking the wrath of his superiors? He stepped aside and ordered the men to allow them to pass.
“Mentioning the king, I like that,” said the Shadow Walker as they moved off.
Turning down the first street to their right, which was rather narrow, they climbed down from their horses. This time the Shadow Walker led the way along the cobblestone road. The houses here were mostly two-storey and were made of a combination of grey stone, aged timber and thatched roofs. Signs of various shapes and sizes hung above the small wooden doorways announcing their vocation. There was a herbalist, a leather maker and Herb’s Inn. Walking past the inn they came to a laneway; just a dirt track.
“This leads to the stables and the rear entrance.”
Once through the lane they came to a wide-open area with a string of stables. A small boy, bare foot and wearing brown stained trousers and a checkered shirt jumped up from his wooden seat to greet them. For a brief moment he seemed to be lost for words as he stared at the stranger with the hood and scarf covering his face. “Can I help you, sir?” he asked, his voice showing some fear.
“Yes, we need these horses stabled for a few days,” said the muffled voice from behind the scarf.
“This is a fine horse, sir,” said the boy as he took the reins of the big stallion.
“Treat him well and it will be worth some coins in your pocket.”
Brannigan passed the reins of his horse to the boy as well, then turned and walked through the rear door into the inn while the Shadow Walker stayed outside. It would be better that he was not seen in the inn, someone might ask too many questions, be too inquisitive.
Brannigan’s boots drummed on the loose boards down the passage, past some stairs on his left, which he presumed led to the first floor and to the rooms. Aromas from the door on his right made his stomach pine. He had had nothing to eat since dawn this morning. He peered through the door and saw the huge fireplace burning fiercely surrounded by blackened pots. There were two young ladies and a middle-aged woman dishing up hot food onto plates.
He moved on to the low doorway leading to the main room. The first thing he noticed was the warmth of the large low-beamed room. Another fire roared on the far wall. It took his eyes a while to adjust to the dimness of the room. There were at least thirty patrons sitting at the tables, some just sitting, smoking their pipes with a mug of beer in front of them. Others of more stature were drinking wine and eating from fine china plates.
He made his way to the oak bar stained with beer and spilt wine where he was met by a big round man wearing a leather apron. “What is your pleasure?” he asked.
“I require a room for three nights.”
From beneath the counter the fat man retrieved a bound green ledger, somewhat tattered and torn. “Your names, sir, it’s the law. The Lothians check this every now and then.”
Brannigan filled in their names, paid the bartender in advance for the room and for the stabled horses. He requested that all their meals be served in their room, which was extra. They would keep to themselves as much as possible even though they might arouse some suspicion in doing that, they had little choice. Hopefully, by the time anybody began to get too suspicious their work here would be over.
“Are you going out tonight, Master?” enquired Brannigan, leaning back on the pallet, which was raised up off the floor and padded with straw beneath a red, coarse blanket. It was comfortable enough. He couldn’t say the same for his distended stomach that was almost at bursting point. He had taken two helpings of the delicious venison stew.
“Yes,” replied the Shadow Walker as he turned from the window.
It felt strange to him to be back in the city where he was raised, where he roamed freely as a youth. There were many good memories, memories that now saddened him. Would it ever return to the way it was? No, he conceded, it could never be the same again, too much had happened. Too many good people had died.
Maybe he could make it better for those who would follow him. He suddenly thought of Mica. Now there was a woman worth sharing some time with in the future. He wondered how she was faring. Ever since he had first seen her, met her, on that darkened night in Tursy he had found himself unable to get her out of his mind. In another time he might have courted her.
It would not be easy for her to gain access to the Manute lands but he was confident that she would prevail and eventually arrive at Santomine. She would tell them of his rising, of his appearance at Tursy.
Brannigan watched his master, studied his face. It was tanned from riding in the hills during the hot summer without his cloak. He was clean-shaven. He looked handsome, virile, and every bit the warrior he was. But there was strain and tension in his bearing, his blue eyes had a look of isolation, of emptiness. Returning to Darfor was an emotional journey for him, as Brannigan knew his story and understood his pain.
His own journey had not been without pain either. When he was fourteen he left his village with an aging priest who was going to one of the temples in Steppland. He had good reason for leaving; his stepfather continually beat him and verbally abused him, telling him he was useless. It didn’t matter what he did, it was never right. His mother never protected him and took sides with her new partner. His father having been slain by the Lothians when he was twelve and his mother, needing security, had married Ben Dawson, the local merchant. The old priest had encouraged him to build a new life of his own. That was why he had gone to the temple, and there his life had been changed forever.
“One day I’ll return to my own village, Master, and confront the one who caused me so much pain.”
The Shadow Walker looked at Brannigan and smiled. “We both have a past to see to Brannigan.”

* * *

That evening Governor Simms dined with two of his closest friends and their wives. His edict had gone out and posters signaling the curfew were now being nailed to the boards even though it was dark. Patrols of soldiers had been increased and people were being warned to be off the streets by nine, or else they would be arrested and imprisoned. The soldiers were checking the inns and looking for strangers. The gates to the city would also be closed and the guard at all four gates had been increased as had the guard on the castle itself.
“You are taking this Shadow Walker rather too seriously, Benjamin.” said Hugo Dorman, sipping at his wine. He was short and dumpy, with a round face. His wife, Christina could have been his sister. She had the same round face although she was taller than her husband.
Hugo had benefited greatly from the Lothian invasion. It was he who now supplied all the army’s needs in Steppland, from food, to weapons, wagons and horses. He was one of the men who had helped Benjamin open the gates for the Lothians all those years ago. They had been close friends ever since.
“I’m just taking some precautions,” said Benjamin.
“A smart move,” said Christina in her high, squeaky, condescending voice.
Benjamin had never like Christina. Back when they were fighting the war she had never displayed any allegiance to either side, she preferred instead, to play the field in more ways than one. Back then she could not be trusted but once the city had fallen she had come to Hugo’s side and never left it. He still didn’t trust her.
His other guests were Alvin and Cherie Willard. Alvin was his adviser, confidant and friend. Cherie, his wife, was not particularly pretty but she had a fine figure. Alvin had confided in him that Cherie was trustworthy, totally in love with him and knew how to please him in bed better than any other woman he had ever known. “There are many stories coming out of Tursy,” he said.
“I like the one about the young woman,” said Cherie, topping up her wine glass from the decanter.
“A woman?” queried Myra, leaning forward, giving Cherie the signal that she wanted to hear more.
“Yes, it seems that a young woman of intense beauty rode into Goran’s camp and delivered the flag of the Shadow Walker to him. The general immediately arrested her and burnt the flag. But she made a request of honour to Goran, a request for a duel with one of his men. I believe this aroused his curiosity. She bartered with him for one of the prisoners and her freedom if she won the duel. So Goran summoned the man she wished to fight. It was Penner.”
“Penner is one of the king’s best fighters and a murderer to boot,” said Hugo.
“Was,” added Cherie.
“You mean she beat Penner?” said Myra.
“She not only beat him but killed him as well. It seems that her path had crossed with Penner’s before and the girl was out for revenge.”
“Those who saw the fight declare that the young woman is a master swordsman and definitely someone to avoid,” said Alvin.
“I find it fascinating,” said Myra. “Where is this woman now?”
“They say she has fled into the mountains. Goran told her that if ever they were to meet again he would kill her. It seems she drew some of his men into a trap and slew them all.”
“Goran should have slain her there and then,” said Benjamin.
“He is a man of his word. He at least maintains some honour among the Lothians,” replied Alvin.
“Thomas Letcher will not be impressed. It would go better for you if you put out an order for her arrest,” pouted Christina.
Christina was probably right, thought Benjamin, but he would not take advice from her. “If she turns up I’ll deal with her.”
“There’s more to hear.”
Benjamin looked across at Alvin and shook his head slightly. Alvin took the hint. Benjamin didn’t want his wife to hear about the decapitated soldiers, the heads set out in a circle, with one in the centre. He knew what it meant. Just then a servant came in and announced that dinner was being served. “Maybe later, Alvin. It seems dinner’s ready.”

The curfew had made it easier for him to move around, all he had to do was avoid the soldiers who were loud and clumsy. Years of being the masters over the Steppland people had made them complacent. They were very easy to bypass. Although he did have the advantage of a shadowless and windy night, it served his purpose well as he steeled through the narrow streets towards his objective.
The palace itself was made of stone; its greyness had darkened considerably with age. The moss, lichen and ivy that clung to its walls and parapets made it look decrepit and run down. It was square in shape and was three-storey’s high with four turrets, one at each corner which housed a guard house of at least four soldiers. The one entrance gate was strongly guarded and led to a paved stone courtyard.
It wasn’t the palace he was interested, it was one of the thatched cottages nearby that he sought, the one that had a set of stables to the rear. The stable and the cottage were built of timber and sat on top of a black stone foundation. The foundation rose about a foot above the ground followed by split timber palings running horizontally along the exterior of the walls. Small windows with painted frames reflected what little light there was, like eyes in the night.
Creeping down between the houses he placed his feet carefully as he heard a dog bark not too far away. He stopped, waited and watched, nothing moved. Then he continued past the cottage and on to the stable. Crouching down he let his fingers trail over the rough stone of the foundation, to a tiny chink in the stone. His fingers dug into the gap, he pulled at the stone. It came away easily. He searched the crevice and found the keys. They were still there after all these years.
Pushing the stone back into place he stood up and made his way to the side door of the stable, he inserted the key, turned it and heard the click as it unlocked. He pushed the creaking door open. It sounded loud in the night. Closing the door behind him he reached for his steel and flint. He had with him a small candle. He would have to risk using it to find what he was looking for.
With the candle lit he was able to see his way. There were no horses in the stable, it looked derelict. It hadn’t been used in years. Old furniture and junk were heaped up in the stalls. Fifteen years ago there were always horses here. They were a back up, a means of escape.
Brushing through a patchwork of cobwebs he made his way to the rear of the stable where the floor was paved. He counted the pavers until he reached the fourth one against the wall. Kneeling down he unsheathed his dagger and prodded the dirt around the square paver, the blade suddenly went in deeper. He put the candle down on the floor and dug out more of the dirt until he could reach into the hole with his fingers. Gripping the edge of the paver he pulled it toward him; it came up easily and beneath it he could see the tunnel, still intact. “Benjamin Simms, I’m coming,” he said softly, lowering the paver back into place.
Killing Benjamin Simms was the easy part as the tunnel led into the palace and with the keys he now possessed he could move freely about the palace. The big problem was in making their escape from the city now that the gates were being locked at night. A distraction of some sort might be needed. And it might be better if they found somewhere else to stay, the inn was too public. Locking the stable door he looked at the house, it would be the ideal place for them to stay, the horses could be put in the stables and they would have ready access to the tunnel. He wondered who was living in the cottage now.
Old Jeb, the caretaker of the horses and the tunnel must surely be dead by now. He would send Brannigan along tomorrow to find out who was living there and maybe he could induce the owner to rent them the stable and some accommodation.
The next morning amid a new flurry of snow, Brannigan with cloak tied tightly about him and thick woollen gloves on his hands followed the directions given to him by his master. Arriving at the aged oak door of the house he removed one of his gloves and rapped on the door. He heard the bolt rattle open. A woman in her early thirties with long brown hair tied back away from her rounded face opened the door, her eyes staring at him, she obviously wasn’t expecting any visitors, especially a stranger. “Madam, my name is Brannigan and my master, Wilber de Grand, has sent me hear to enquire of Jeb Walters. My master knew him when he was but a lad.”
“Jeb has been dead nigh on seven years now.”
“Are you a relative?”
“No, Jeb took me in when my husband died.”
“I’m sorry for your loss.”
“It was some time ago.”
“My master said there were stables here, he thought that if Jeb was still alive he might hire them out.”
“I’m afraid the stables haven’t been used for years and they’re full of rubbish.”
“Well, we can probably sort that out.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” she said, showing some anxiety.
“My master is willing to pay you very well for any inconvenience.”
Brannigan sensed her hesitation, what person would not want a few more coins in their pocket. She opened the door wider.
“Why don’t you come in, Mr Brannigan.”
The cottage was warmer, but not much warmer as he noticed the pitiful fire in the hearth. Coal and firewood was something that had to be paid for in advance. The timber-lined cottage was cosy enough and it expressed a homeliness that he had long forgotten. A boy and a girl sat at the table dipping their wooden spoons into bowls of porridge. They both stared at him as he came into the room. They were young, around ten or eleven and were dressed in grey drab clothes of some age. Their faces were thin and sallow and they wore woollen caps and scarves. This family would struggle to survive the coming winter.
“My name is Rose and these are my children, Tarran and May.”
“A pleasure to meet you,” replied Brannigan, removing the cape from his head and the other glove.
“Would you like a cup of hot tea?” asked Rose, reaching for the small, blackened kettle over the tiny flames.
Brannigan was about to reply in the negative when he looked into Rose’s soft brown eyes, eyes that held his gaze. Rose was rather pretty, petite, and like the cottage, of a homely nature. “Yes, I could do with a hot cup of tea, it is cold outside.” He noticed the faint smile on her dimpled cheeks.
“Please, take a seat with the children and I will pour the tea for you.”
“Where are you from?” asked the boy, who had wavy brown hair and brown eyes like his mother. There was something about the boy that immediately caught Brannigan’s attention. He seemed alert and more forthcoming than his sister who kept her eyes low.
“Tarran, don’t bother the man,” said Rose sharply.
“It’s all right, I don’t mind answering,” replied Brannigan.
“He makes a habit of it, sir, always asking questions,” said Rose, pouring the tea into a chipped white cup.
“I used to do the same thing at my age.” He took hold of the cup and sipped at the tea, it was quite bitter but hot.
“I’ve no sugar, sir.”
“I like it this way,” said Brannigan, looking at the boy. “I’m from Moran.”
The boy’s eyes shifted to his mother, Brannigan knew he had another question and when she said nothing Tarran spoke up. “What’s it like in Moran?”
“It’s much warmer than here, they rarely get snow and the beaches are long and glorious. In the summer I used go swimming when I was boy.”
“One day I will go there,” said Tarran.
Brannigan liked his spirit, the girl had still not spoken, not even looked at him. “About the stables, we will need them for around week as far as I know. It depends on my master, he changes his mind constantly.”
Brannigan knew they would be gone from here in two or three days. The woman would be none the wiser, although she might put two and two together after they had left. “We will need somewhere to sleep.”
“That would be extra, would it not?” She enquired rather timidly, maybe not expecting the increased fee to be met.
Reaching for his leather purse Brannigan proceeded to count out the coins onto the table. The children’s eyes were fixed onto the coppers. They had probably never seen so much money at one time. Rose looked at the money and then back up at Brannigan as he continued counting out coins. He stopped, reached deeper into his purse and pulled out two silver coins and placed them on the table. “The silver coins are for our food and lodging,” he said as Rose peered at the coins in disbelief.
“Sir, it is too much.”
“My master would be much displeased with me if I did not pay you a fair price.”
“I thank you, sir, I and my children are very grateful.”
Sipping the last of his tea he stood up. “We will be here tonight, before the curfew. There is one more thing we should talk about. My master was burnt in a fire and his face is badly disfigured so he wears a hood and covers his face. I would ask that you respect his anguish?”
“Yes, sir, it is the least we can do.”
 “Then I will bid you and your fine children farewell.”
“Will you tell me more of Moran and of other places when you come back?” asked Tarran.
“Yes of course,” said Brannigan with a smile. 
They did not inform the owner of the inn that they were leaving, it was better that way, no questions could be asked. They would just disappear. Walking the horses so as not to raise any extra attention to themselves, they wound their way through the narrow streets towards the house. In another hour the curfew would be in force so there were people scurrying from house to house. No one paid them any attention. It was then that they heard shouting and horses’ hooves pounding on the cobblestones.
“Make way, make way.” Came the yell as everyone moved to the side of the narrow street. The soldiers, riding fast with little care for pedestrians were followed by three young men dressed in fine hunting clothes. It was hard to distinguish their features in the dark but the Shadow Walker saw something that stirred his blood. One of the young men, the dark haired one leading them looked like Benjamin Simms. Was he Benjamin’s son?”
If he was, then the Shadow Walker had no argument with him, Benjamin’s son could not be held accountable for what happened when he was a child, but he knew that blood ties would probably see him defend his father regardless. If that was so then he would kill him as well.
Behind the riders were pack horses led by servants. Two antlered deer lay across the backs of the horses. The palace and the governor would feast well in the coming days. It will be the governor’s last supper, thought the Shadow Walker. He would allow him that.
Arriving at the stables they found the door unlocked and an oil lamp glowing yellow hanging from one of the sturdy upright beams. Two of the stalls had been cleaned out and fresh hay was spread over the floor and in the bins. The water buckets had also been filled to the brim. While the shadow Walker saw to the horses, Brannigan took their bags and knocked on the back door of the house. Rose opened it. “Welcome, sir, your room is ready.”
Brannigan followed her, leaving the door slightly ajar. The cottage was nice and warm with the fire blazing away. The children were sitting on the floor in front of the fire. It looked like they were reading from some small cheap books that could be purchased in most market places. He was surprised that children so young could read. It seemed that the money had already been put to good use. The room they were sleeping in was small and narrow with two bunks, either side of the room.
A small window faced out onto the rear through which you could see the stables and the palace looming over them. A tiny white bleached cabinet sat between the beds up against the wall and on that was a pitcher of water and two mugs. There was also a basin and some soap. A clean towel was folded neatly beside the basin. Once again the homeliness of this woman and this house struck a sentimental chord in his memory.
He tossed the bags on the bunks and immediately noticed the thick woollen blankets and rounded pillows. They would sleep well tonight. As he returned to the main room the Shadow Walker came in. May, with fear etched on her face leapt up off the floor and hid her face in her mother’s skirts.
Rose held her daughter and looked up at the tall broad shouldered figure shrouded in the cape. She too felt a sudden pang of fear at the sight of this man. In an instant she knew that he commanded obedience, respect and maybe even subservience.
“You and your family have nothing to fear from me,” he said in a soft, reassuring voice. The gentleness in his voice surprised her as he was a formidable looking man and she sensed that he had been a warrior at one time or maybe he still was.
“A year ago May witnessed the death of one of her friends on the street. It was, Luther, the governor’s eldest son. He rides like the devil and doesn’t care about anyone in the street. He seems to think it’s his right to ride over the top of innocent men, woman and children. He has no heart that one. May has hardly spoken since.”
“How many sons does the governor have?” enquired the Shadow Walker still standing some distance away.
“There are three. Luther is by far the worst. Craig, the second eldest, follows his older brother like a puppy. Aaron, the youngest is very different. On the day May’s friend was killed he stopped and checked on the boy, but there was nothing he could do. He slipped the father some coins.”
“Maybe he just felt guilty,” uttered Brannigan.
“No, he has done this before, shown kindness to the people. I fear he’s trapped in a life that is not to his liking. I’m sorry, sir, I prattle on sometimes. Please sit down and I will get you something to eat.”
“I will eat in my room. We will talk again later.” said the Shadow Walker, turning and leaving.
Brannigan sat down and May unfurled herself from her mother’s skirts. Rose went to the large blackened pot that was simmering on the fire. May followed her and began helping with the dishing out of the meal. It was thick broth with chunky pieces of meat and vegetables. It seemed that Rose had already done some shopping and stocked up the larder. Brannigan, with the spare bowl and a couple of pieces of thick, crusty bread, took the meal to the Shadow Walker and returned. The children, with faint smiles on their faces reflecting the enjoyment of their sumptuous meal, looked up at him. Rose sat at the head of the table. “Your master is a warrior?” she asked.
“He can be rather intimidating at times,” said Brannigan, not elaborating any further.
“He frightened me when he came in.”
“People tend to be wary of him,” said Brannigan, sipping at his soup. He dipped a piece of the bread into the bowl.
“You have travelled far?” asked Rose, changing the subject.
“Five years we have been roaming the country.”
“What is it that you seek?”
“Like many people in this land my master once had riches, land, family and contentment. But this was all lost to him. In his travels he tries to help those who are in need. Sometimes he will stop and help a man build a house, plough a field or just solicit hope for those who have lost the path. We have rescued many people from bandits and thieves.”
“And what of the Lothians, do they leave you alone?”
“Like everyone else we have our problems with the Lothians,” said the Shadow Walker, appearing at the table with his now empty bowl.
“Was the soup to your liking, sir?”
“Yes, madam, it was the finest soup I have tasted in a long time,” he said, sitting down at the table with the children staring at him. “Quite a change from Brannigan’s cooking.”
Beneath the hood and in the space above the red silk scarf Rose could see the man’s blue eyes. They were clear, alert and had a hint of devilry and excitement in them, probably part of the man that used to be, but now could not be. “How long has Jeb been gone?” asked the Shadow Walker.
“Seven years now. It was his heart.”
The children finished their meal and left the table returning to their reading in front of the fire, although, Brannigan sensed that Tarran did so somewhat reluctantly.
“He was a good man.”
“Yes, he took me in when no one else would. These two were just babies then. My husband was slain by the Lothians for no reason other than their own pleasure,” she said with a slight tremble in her voice.
“We have all suffered at the hands of the Lothians. I pray that one day we will be released from their subjection,” said the Shadow Walker pausing for a moment. “It is a wonder that the Lothians, or those pretenders in the palace did not take this house from you when Jeb died?”
“Jeb let it be known that he was leaving all he had to me, told everyone that he would have the papers drawn up and the deed to the house signed over to me.”
“You have these papers?”
“Yes.”
“Might I take a look at them?”
Rose left the table and went into the other room and soon returned with a small wooden box. She sat down, opened the box and the passed the Shadow Walker a sheaf of papers. He studied them, all was in order. He passed them back to her. “Brannigan here is a master with the quill. I would suggest that you have a copy of these made for safe keeping and keep them separate.”
“It was something that I was going to do but could never afford,” she replied.
The shadow Walker stood up. “I might turn in.”
“I will join you in a moment, Master.”
Once in the room the shadow Walker stripped off his outer clothing, found his black attire and laid it out at the foot of the bed. Later tonight he would check out the tunnel and make sure it was clear. He might even take a tour of the palace.

“How was the hunt?” asked Benjamin.
“Very successful, Father, we have two fine stags to feast on,” said Luther, hugging his father as if they had been parted for a long time. Craig stood in the background silent and smiling. Luther turned to him.
“Craig was the hero of the hunt, Father. His arrows were the first to find the deer’s flanks.”
Benjamin peered at his second son, a frail skinny looking young man whom he knew was totally inept. He had too much of his mother’s side of the family in him. It would have been Luther’s arrows that struck the deer, not Craig’s. “Well done, Craig,” said Benjamin. “Where is Aaron?”
“He is seeing to the deer, Father.”
“Don’t we have servants to do that?”
“You know what Aaron’s like, Father, he has to see to those lowly tasks himself, seems to take pleasure in it.” Luther grabbed the decanter on the table and poured himself a goblet of wine.
Aaron was the son that Benjamin could not fathom. He was strong, knew how to fight and was very good with the lance and sword, but he chose at times to show a weakness toward the common people. While Benjamin liked to keep the population in fear of him, Aaron on the other hand mixed with the servants, the low life and even at times gave money to the poor. It was not the sort of conduct conducive to what he considered for any future leader of Steppland. But then it would not be Aaron who would precede him, it would be Luther. He had the will to sacrifice a few puny lives if need be.  He was strong, hard, cruel and defiant. He would make a perfect successor.
“Have you eaten?” asked Benjamin as both Luther and Craig took great mouthfuls of wine from their silver goblets.
“We’re both hungry and thirsty, aren’t we, Craig?” replied Luther, slapping his brother on the back.
Benjamin yelled out to the servants for food and more wine as Aaron arrived in the dining hall. He was a tall youth of seventeen. He had broad shoulders and moved with an air of confidence. His dark hair was cut short and he was clean-shaven, his blue eyes sparkled and his tanned face showed his liking for the outdoors. “The hunt went well?” he asked.
“Yes, Father, it went very well, except that we lost one of the servants.”
“An unfortunate accident, Father,” said Luther from behind his short dark beard.  He brushed his shoulder length hair back away from his face, his brown eyes glaring at Aaron. “An arrow missed the deer and hit one of the servants.”
“These things happen,” replied Benjamin.
Aaron was about to argue, to take it further when his mother appeared. She reached out to him first and hugged him. Of all her sons it was Aaron who was her favourite, although she had to agree with her husband that he was too soft to rule. She gave Craig and Luther a hug as well.
“Mother, you are looking well, and is that a new dress?” asked Luther.
Myra had received a shipment of fine silks from overseas. The green silk had taken her eye and straight away she had a dress made from it.
“It’s the latest in silks,” she said as she pirouetted.
“It’s a lovely dress, Mother,” added Craig.
“Maybe you can donate some of the off-cuts of silk to the widow and the children of the servant Luther killed,” said Aaron with obvious disgust.
“Aaron! I will hear no more of this. Now sit down and partake of some food and wine,” growled Benjamin, losing patience with his son.
“I think I’ll eat in the kitchen.” Aaron turned sharply and left the dining room.
“Go and speak with him, Myra. The boy seems to think that a servant’s life has some value.”
Myra found Aaron seated at the huge wooden table in the kitchen eating a piece of pie and washing it down with a tankard of ale. A young servant girl, pretty and petite was standing beside him. When she saw Myra she lowered her eyes and scurried from the kitchen. The girl was only fourteen but her innocent grey-blue eyes followed Aaron everywhere. The young girl was besotted with him. Myra tried to have the young woman removed from the household, but Aaron, learning of his mother’s intentions had warned her against it. He was so bloody defiant at times. But she admired that in him. At least he was his own man and would not be influenced by her or any other member of the family. Even so, it was so frustrating to have to deal with his petty desires, which were usually linked to the common people. In another time Aaron might have been a great leader. “Did you enjoy the hunt?” she asked, sitting opposite him.
“I always enjoy the hunt, Mother.”
“You must stop arguing with your father and brothers.” She held up her hand as Aaron went to speak. “Hear me out, for there have been some incidents of importance. The king sent his cavalry to Tursy. They killed the priests and some of the pilgrims.”
“That is sheer madness. The people will not stand for the priests being slain.”
“There is more, it seems out of this has risen a young woman, a woman of some skill. She killed some of Goran’s soldiers and then slew Penner, one of the king’s men in a duel. She also delivered the flag of a Shadow Walker.”
“There is no such thing as a Shadow Walker. They are doubtful tales from the past.”
“Many still believe, like your father. This supposed Shadow Walker then went to Goran’s camp; beheaded seven of his men arranged six heads in a circle with the seventh in the centre. Your father thinks I don’t know about this, he has kept it from me. He, like everyone else believes it’s a warning, the kingdom is to fall and your father fears for his life.”
“So that’s why there are extra guards at the gates and at the palace doors.”
“Yes, your father has placed a curfew on the city. As you know from the ancient stories, Shadow Walkers come in the night.”
“Mother,” said Aaron rising from his chair and walking around to her side, “there is nothing to fear, there is no such thing as a Shadow Walker.”
“Then who put the white flag with the black skull on it at the crossroads on the road from Tursy?”
“It was probably just someone playing a joke, Mother.”
“I have tried to stay strong for your father’s sake. I had to talk to someone and express my fears. You are the only one I can talk to.”
Aaron put his arm around his mother and held her firmly. “I’ll protect you, Mother. I will speak to Father about this.”
“Thank you,” she said rising from her seat and dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief.
Aaron returned to the dining room where his father and brothers were still feasting.
“Decided to join us then?” asked Luther.
Aaron sat down at the table, ripped a drumstick off the chicken and took a bite from it. “Mother tells me that the king sent his troops into Tursy, killing the priests and some of the pilgrims.”
“It is so,” replied his father.
“She also told me that a Shadow Walker has returned to the land.”
“Shadow Walkers are bogeymen, stories made up by old women to scare children,” said Craig, leaning back in his seat.
“I seem to remember you believing in them as a child.”
“I’m not a child anymore, I am a man.” Craig thumped his chest with his fist to make the point.
“Almost a man,” added Luther, filling his goblet with wine.
Aaron turned to his father. “This shadow Walker, he is coming for you?”
“I don’t believe in Shadow Walkers but I do know that Edmond Harland’s body was never found fifteen years ago. He is not one to let the death of his father pass without taking revenge. I’ve always felt that he was alive and that one day he would come for me.” 
“You think this man is posing as a Shadow Walker?”
“It is possible.”
“Tomorrow I’ll begin a search of the city, any strangers; anyone who seems suspicious will be arrested. It is about time the city was cleansed again,” grinned Luther.
Suddenly a cold draft wafted through the room, Aaron shivered and looked around to see if any of the windows had blown opened. They were all shut. The candles flickered, the torches wavered and the increased glow of brazier hinted at the sudden draught. Then as quickly as it happened it ceased.
“What was that?” exclaimed Craig, showing some fear.
“Maybe it was the Shadow Walker paying us a visit,” cackled Luther.
“You shouldn’t joke about such things,” said Craig.
Aaron saw the fear in Craig’s eyes. Craig still believed those stories from his childhood even though he would never admit it. He finished the drumstick and threw the bones in the dog bin and then stood up to leave.
“Where are you going?” enquired his father.
“To see Father Hannibal.”
“What about?”
“About Shadow Walkers.”
Father Hannibal was the palace’s resident priest. He had been for some forty years. He knew the Harland family and their history. He had also studied the ancient scrolls, the books from the past and knew all the legends and stories.
 Making his way down the stone steps to the below ground section of the palace, Aaron thought about the consequences of his father losing power or even his life. If his father was assassinated Luther would step into the breach and his fury would be devastating for the people, the city and Steppland. It would be far better that his father continued to rule.
It was dark and dingy in the bowels of the palace, and he could feel the damp, but Father Hannibal liked it here. He was a crusty old sole, bent and frail but with as sharp a mind as any of the scholars. Aaron knocked on the old wooden door with its rusty iron hinges. He heard shuffling and the door creaked ajar just enough for Father Hannibal’s bald head to appear. Green eyes squinted at Aaron. “Ah, come in, Master Aaron,” he said, opening the door further.
The room was rather warm. Father Hannibal kept a brazier going all the time to keep his parchments, books and writing materials dry. “It has been a while since your last visit, Master.”
Aaron had spent many hours in this room as a young boy. Father Hannibal had been his tutor. His thirst for knowledge and his education far surpassed any of his brothers. These past six months he had neglected his education, had not even paid the old priest a visit. “I apologise, Father, I should have come and seen you sooner.”
“No matter, you are here now,” he said, slowly moving his thin frame beneath the dusky brown cassock to the wooden chair at the head of the table. “Sit down.”
Aaron sat down at the table that was covered in books and writing materials, a solitary empty bowl and a spoon the only contrast. “What can you tell me about Edmond Harland?”
“You visit the past, Aaron.”
“There have been some events that are causing my father and brothers some concern.”
“Yes, I’ve heard the stories. Do you want the truth about Edmond or do you want me to give you the king’s version?”
“I know the king’s version. He was a traitor and a rebel.”
“That may be so in Thomas Letcher’s eyes but he was far more than that. You and he could be brothers. You are so much alike.”
Aaron was not sure how to respond to that comment, so he didn’t.
“Edmond’s mother is a Manute, she was born in Santomine,” continued Father Hannibal.
“You said ‘is’, does that mean she is still alive?”
“Like her son, she disappeared, but there are rumours that she now resides in Santomine. Nothing has been heard of Edmond, not even a rumour, it’s presumed he died from wounds at the battle of Tursy.”
“Do you really believe that, Father?”
“No,” he replied, rather quickly.
“What can you tell me about the Shadow Walkers that I don’t already know?”
“Now I see where you are heading with this,” uttered Father Hannibal with a faint smile to his lips. “The birthplace of the Shadow Walkers is reputed to be in Santomine. Queen Isabella was born in Santomine.”
“Father might be right then. This man purporting to be a Shadow Walker could be Edmond Harland. Is he a true Shadow Walker or just a man dressed up as one?”
“Only time will tell, Master.”
“What else can you tell me about them?”
Father Hannibal groped through the books on the table until he found the one he was looking for. He flipped over several pages with his thin bony hands until he found the place he was looking for. He began to read from the book.
“I have known fear in battle but the fear that is generated by the sight of the Shadow Walker’s flag is something new to me. The people in the town locked their doors, hid wherever they could. Being a soldier I was supposed to show no fear, and our general, being a mean son-of-a-bitch would allow no locking of the doors; we were expected to go out on patrol regardless. The soldiers drew straws for the patrol, no one wanted to go out into the night.
“I was one of the unlucky bastards who drew the short straw. Some of the old hands told me that Shadow Walkers usually had a target. They never killed at random, so they reckoned we should be safe, as we were just simple soldiers following orders.
But what if we ran across this supposed invincible, silent and deadly apparition, were we expected to fight or run? It was a question that was in all our minds as we readied ourselves for the night patrol. The other question, the one that was on everyone’s lips was who would be his victim or victims? Once the flag was flown someone always died.
“With some trepidation I led the ten-man patrol through the darkened streets. I had never seen it so quiet. No lights shone from the houses, no one was on the streets. Even the beggars had disappeared. It was a long night, we saw nothing but there was always that feeling that we were being watched. Some of the men swore they had seen something dark and shadowy cross their paths. As the grey dawn reached the sky I breathed a sigh of relief. We had made it through the night. Trudging through the town square I saw a bloodied head on a spike stuck in the ground. All of us stopped in our tracks and stared at the gruesome sight, we all recognised the head. It was our general!”
“This is but one of many hundreds of accounts passed down through the ages,” said Father Hannibal closing the book and putting it back on the pile. “There are too many stories, too many tales to ignore. Shadow Walkers did exist and if there’s one amongst us now then I don’t need to tell you what this means for the king’s realm. It seems he has already sent a warning.”
“You speak of the seven heads.”
“Seven heads, seven provinces, it is as plain as the nose on your face.”
“Can we stop him?”
Father Hannibal waved his hand at all the books before him. “In all the stories not one tells of a Shadow Walker ever being defeated, or ever being thwarted from his intended victim.”
“How is it that they disappeared?”
“That is one of the great mysteries. Some say that they fought among themselves, as there were good and bad Shadow Walkers. Others say that the powers endowed upon them were taken from them when they strayed from their path. Then there’s the theory that the lines of hereditary descendants just died out.”
“Thank you, Father Hannibal, you have given me much to think about,” said Aaron rising from his chair.
“I wish you well in your future endeavours, Aaron.”
“If I have any future, Father.”
“Stay true to yourself, Aaron, as you always have, and your future will be assured.”
Walking back up the stairs deep in thought Aaron contemplated Father Hannibal’s last words to him. Stay true to yourself. Was he trying to tell him something, warn him perhaps? Regardless of his feelings toward his father and brothers they were still his kin and he could not allow them to be hurt or slain. Tomorrow he would go with Luther and search the city. Maybe they could find this supposed Shadow Walker and be the first to stop him.

“You went into the palace last night?” enquired Brannigan as they fed the horses.
“Yes, the way is clear, although the spiders have taken over. The door into the study still works. I even opened it for a second or two. Benjamin and his sons were in the next room.”
“You could have slain them all then, Master.”
“Not yet, I need to think this out. We have to be sure we can escape from the city, if they close the gates we will be trapped.”
“No more tunnels, Master?”
“No, not under the city walls.”
“A fire always works well as a distraction.”
“That it does, Brannigan. You might take a walk and find a likely target.”
“Might I suggest the soldier’s barracks or their stables?”
“Risky, but it would keep them busy.”
“It is just a matter of timing, Master.”
Just then young Tarran ran into the stables. “Soldiers,” he gasped. “They are coming down the street and searching all the houses.”

Craig hammered on the door of the humble house with the hilt of his sword. A thin, greasy-looking old man opened the door. “We are searching for the Shadow Walker,” said Craig in his roughest voice.
“What does he look like? Maybe we can help you find him.”
“Keep your insolent tongue to yourself,” said Luther, pushing Craig and the peasant aside.
Aaron stood in the street as he waited for his two brothers to search the house, he heard yelling and screaming. He tried to convince himself that all this was necessary, the beatings and the invasion of people’s homes. If he was to save his father’s life he had to turn his back on this and deny it in his own mind. Sacrifices had to be made.
While standing there he noticed a boy of around ten or eleven leading two horses along the street, one of them a fine looking black stallion. He could see other soldiers bursting into nearby homes, heard the screams and the yelling. Luther and Craig came out into the street.
“Let’s move onto the next house,” growled Luther, hitching up his trousers.
“What did you do in there?” asked Aaron, angrily.
“There’s nothing wrong with mixing a bit of pleasure with business.”
“You disgust me, Luther.”
“You need to get some balls,” laughed Luther, leading them further down the street.
Rose heard the demanding thump on the door. She opened it only to be roughly pushed aside by Luther as he entered the cottage. “Have you seen any strangers?” he asked as he began searching the house and looking in the other rooms.
“No, sir, I live here with my two children.”
“Where are your children?”
“My daughter is with some friends and my son took the horses to the meadow. We have a stable out back that we hire out.”
Aaron and Craig entered the cottage. Craig’s eyes fell on the young woman. “A comely wench if I may say so,” said Craig, reaching out and grasping one of the woman’s breasts. The fire in Rose’s eyes was instant as was her reaction. She struck Craig with a stinging slap to the face.
“Bitch!” he yelled as he grabbed her by the throat with one hand and tore at the front of her dress with the other. She fell to her knees.
“Leave her be, Craig,” uttered Aaron, all too calmly as he held the sword tip at his brother’s neck.
“The bitch hit me,” he exclaimed.
“She had every right, leave her be.”
“You would not kill a brother?” said Luther, fingering his own sword.
“No, but I will leave him with a scar,” replied Aaron, moving the sword tip to Craig’s cheek.
“One day you will go too far. Let her go, Craig,” said Luther.
“Some other time, bitch,” spat Craig, shoving her roughly to the floor.
“There will be no other time, Craig. If anything happens to this woman I’ll hold you personally responsible,” said Aaron.
Scowling, Craig left the cottage followed by Luther. Aaron held out his hand and helped the young woman to stand.
“Thank you, sir, I will be forever grateful,” she stammered.
“I saw a young boy leading some horses, was that your son?”
“Yes, sir.”
“He is a fine looking boy. You don’t mind if I have a look in the stables, do you?”
“No, sir,” said Rose, her body trembling in fear.
Aaron searched the stables. He found nothing that aroused his suspicions. He returned to the house and found the woman sitting down and wiping her eyes with a white linen handerkerchief. “Who do the horses belong to?”
“A couple of local traders, they come here all the time. It’s extra money, sir.”
“Where are these traders now?”
“At one of the inns.”
Other soldiers were checking the inns. If they found any strangers they would be picked up in the sweep.
“I bid you good day, madam,” said Aaron, bowing slightly.
Rose waited for the soldiers to move on then she ran to the stable and tapped on the paver. The Shadow Walker lifted the paver from beneath the floor, and May rushed to her mother’s arms. Brannigan saw the front of Rose’s dress and the anger seethed in him. “Did they harm you?”
“The one called Craig tried, but Aaron stopped him.”
“Well, that was rather too close,” said the Shadow Walker in a muffled voice. He still wore the hood and scarf.
“In all the years I’ve lived here I never knew there was a tunnel beneath the stables,” said Rose.
“It connects to the palace,” he explained, “Jeb was in the employ of the former king and queen. It was his job to guard the tunnel and always keep some horses here in case they were ever needed.”
“I have a lot more questions but I think it would be better I did not know,” said Rose.
 “It would be safer that way,” said the Shadow Walker. “After tonight we’ll be gone, I suggest that you lock the house tomorrow and stay indoors.” 
Rose turned to Brannigan. She liked him from the very first moment she had seen him at her door. She had never contemplated having another man in her life after the death of her husband but this man was different, she felt it in her heart. “You are going so soon?”
“I would very much like to stay, to get to know you and your family better but we have much do and many miles to cover. You will understand better after tomorrow.”
“Will I ever see you again?”
“If my master ever grants me my freedom, this will be the first place I’ll come.”
Rose smiled and went back into the cottage.
“That was a cheap shot, Brannigan, you are free to go any time you wish.”
“I am no more free than you are, Master.”
“So true, Brannigan, so true.”
“We have much to plan and little time to do it.”
“Yes, it is unfortunate, but we have little choice, they might stumble onto us at any time, so it has to be tonight.”

* * *

In the early hours of the morning a dark shadow flitted through the dimly lit stone corridors of the castle. Two sleepy guards never noticed the subtle change in the light, the whispering brush of soft leather on the paved floor. They never knew there was anyone there until the rasping blade of a sword and dagger entered their throats.
The Shadow Walker dragged the bodies down the corridor and hid them in a small storeroom. It was important that the alarm not be raised until the city gates were opened and Brannigan was able get his fire going. If the alarm was raised before the gates were opened they would be trapped and would have to fight their way out.
These corridors, these doors brought back memories, memories that he would rather not have at this moment in time. It was a distraction he could well do without. All the bedrooms were on the second floor and the guards he had just slain were standing outside only one door, so it had to be Benjamin’s bedroom. He approached the door with some trepidation, he knew this room intimately. He also knew that the solid wooden door would creak and groan as he opened it, he could do nothing about it be but be prepared.
Stepping into the room he closed the door. The sound of its closing seemed intolerably loud to his ears. Reaching to his right his fingers sought out the loose piece of timber he knew would be leaning up against the wall that was used to bar door. He slipped it into place. No one could enter the room with out chopping down the door. Moving to one side away from the door and making as little noise as possible, he listened for the sounds of sleeping. The room was in complete darkness. His instincts, his years of honed training, instantly told him there was more than one person in this room. He drew his sword and moved further to his right. He was at home in the darkness. It was both his ally and his friend.
There were three of them, one was in bed asleep or dozing, he could tell by the gentle breathing. The second was awake and very close to him, his breathing irregular as if in a panic. The third person was off to his right, a safe distance away from his sword arm. His breathing was much calmer and more controlled. The Shadow Walker knew that one of them would strike a light at any moment. But which one?
He heard the hard grinding sound of the flint against the metal before he saw the faint flickering light. The sword took the man in the neck. He gasped and gurgled blood from his throat and fell to the floor, the lit candle fell to the floor. The Shadow Walker quickly placed his boot on the flame, extinguishing it.
“Too late, Mr Shadow Walker, you are already in our trap,” said a cold indifferent voice from out of the darkness as another flint was struck. A candle beside the bed was lit, giving enough light for them all to see. The young man who lit the candle was standing beside the bed. This would have to be the youngest of Benjamin’s three sons. He proceeded to light more candles revealing the crumpled body on the floor.
“Pity about Craig,” said the other son, the one with the long dark hair and beard and cruel eyes. He was leaning on his sword. “But sometimes sacrifices have to be made.”
This would have to be Luther, Benjamin’s eldest son, the one the people feared the most; the other son that he now knew he would have to kill.
Aaron moved forward and knelt at his brother’s side, holding him. He looked up at the Shadow Walker with anger in his eyes. “You have killed him!”
Luther reached across and pulled at the tasseled rope beside the bed. It would ring the bell in the kitchen. “In a few minutes the soldiers will be here, you may as well give up now.”
“A wolf in a trap never gives up, you should know that.”
Aaron, seething with anger, reached for his sword while the Shadow Walker was seemingly distracted but before he could remove his sword from its scabbard the Shadow Walker’s sword tip was at his throat. “Don’t be so bloody stupid, you don’t have a chance in hell against me.”
Suddenly there was banging and rattling on the door. Luther looked and saw the wooden bar. “It won’t matter,” he said, rather smugly. “They will chop the door down.”
Aaron stood up. There was blood on his clothes. He backed away from the Shadow Walker.
“Where is your father?” asked the Shadow Walker.
“He is quite safe,” replied Luther.
The thumping of axe blades on the door resonated through the room.
Aaron stood quietly, unsure of what to do, he felt that he should do something, attack this black-hooded figure, show some sort of aggression, but his body refused to respond. He stood transfixed as if in awe of this tall, broad, strong looking individual.
Luther raised his sword and advanced toward the Shadow Walker as the first of the axe blades bit through the timber. “There are no Shadow Walkers, you are just a man dressed in getup, you will bleed and die like anyone else.”
“That may be true, but I have the advantage over you,” he said raising his own sword. “For ten years I trained against four men, every day. I defeated those four men in combat, to fight one man is a luxury, it becomes so easy.”
“You’ll not find me easy,” said Luther as he slashed with his sword.
Luther was confident now that the door was beginning to disintegrate. He tried all the tricks he knew but the Shadow Walker parried all of his moves. Luther began to realise that this man would not be easily taken, but it did not matter, in seconds the door would crumple and his soldiers would pour into the room. All he had to do was hold the Shadow Walker for a few more seconds.
The Shadow Walker then began his true onslaught, driving Luther back against the stone wall of the bedroom, fear now showing in his eyes as he stared hopefully at the door. A soldier burst through the shattered doorway and at that very moment Luther gave a knowing smirk. But it soon changed to a look of anguish and pain as the Shadow Walker’s sword pierced his stomach, wounding him fatally.
He then turned on the soldier and cut him down with a slice to the neck, a stream of blood pumping out on the floor. A second soldier was trying to push his way through the door but was soon stopped with a deep thrust into his stomach. The door was now blocked. The Shadow Walker turned, glanced at Aaron, who was still standing there staring at him in amazement. He jumped up onto the window sill and lowered himself down to the balcony below.
“After him,” yelled Aaron as the soldiers pushed their way into the room. “He’s on the next floor.”
Some of the soldiers peered out the window, but could see nothing in the darkness. Others turned and headed for the stairs. Aaron left the room and quickly strode down the corridor and thumped onto the door of the bed chamber where his mother and father were sleeping. He and Luther had earlier convinced his father and mother to move out of their usual bedroom and place two guards at the door.
One of the guards opened the door with his short spear ready. When he saw Aaron he opened the door further. His father was already rising from his bed. “What’s going on?”
“The Shadow Walker! We had him trapped but he has escaped.”
Benjamin dressed quickly. “Where is Luther?” 
Aaron stood quietly, looking at his mother who was now pulling on her dressing gown. She was staring at him, already aware that something was terribly wrong.
There was no easy way to tell them. “The Shadow Walker, he killed Luther and Craig.”
For a brief moment there was stunned silence, it was his father who broke the silence with an angry voice. “Stay with your mother, I’ll see to this,” he fumed as he strapped on his sword and left the room followed by the two guards.
“I must see them,” said his mother as she tried to push past him.
Aaron stopped her, held her to his breast as the tears began to flow. “Not now, Mother, later when we have laid them out properly.”
“Why did he kill them,” she sobbed.
“I don’t know, Mother,” said Aaron, holding her tightly as he recalled the frightening moment when the Shadow Walker had placed the tip of his sword at his throat. He had not hesitated to kill Craig or Luther, but he had spared him. Why?
The Shadow Walker quickly and silently made his way to the hidden entrance. He would have liked to have looked into Benjamin’s eyes, would have liked to have taunted him in his death throes, but maybe it was better this way and less personal. He had slain the two sons, the ones who would have followed in their father’s footsteps. When the body of the snake had been cut off, the head would never be the same!
Arriving back in the stable he lowered the paver, covered it with straw and dirt and checked the horses. Everything was packed and ready to go. Hopefully the soldiers would waste their time searching the palace, not thinking to make sure the city gates were closed. They had to move fast!
It was cold in the stables as the Shadow Walker changed his clothes. Already the first mustard, yellow tinges were lighting up the sky. Then he saw the first signs of the fire over the rooftops of the houses. Brannigan had succeeded in setting fire to the soldier’s stables. They would be kept busy fighting the fire and trying to save the horses. He opened the door of the stable, mounted the black stallion and galloped out into the street. He shivered in the cold morning air as he made his way to the western gate. He slowed as he neared the gate. Brannigan was to meet him here. Then he saw him up ahead, waving from a side alley.
“Everything went well, I presume?” enquired the Shadow Walker.
“Too bloody well, I lit the fire deep in the stables and it took off so quick I only just made it out,” said Brannigan, scramblng up onto his horse. “Now all we have to do is make it out the gate.”
The soldiers at the gate were all looking to the sky, to the whorl of burning ash. The gate was still wide open.
“What’s going on?” asked one of the soldiers.
“I have no idea,” replied Brannigan, but that looks like a pretty big fire.”
“Certainly is,” said the soldier, his eyes reflecting the bright orange flames that were now visible above the rooftops.
“I hope they get it under control,” said Brannigan, urging his horse through the gate. The soldiers didn’t give them a second glance.
“That was too easy,” laughed the Shadow Walker as they upped the pace on their horses. They would need to put some distance between them and Darfor. 

Benjamin searched the palace from top to bottom but found no one who shouldn’t have been there. Then he saw the fire in the distance. He yelled out to one of the soldiers to go and find out what was going on. He and his men continued the search the grounds and the outbuildings. A soldier returned and told him the stables were on fire and that the barracks and surrounding houses were threatened; every available man was fighting the fire. Benjamin stood quietly, taking in everything the soldier was saying. This was too much of a coincidence. “The gates,” he yelled to the soldier, “have all the city gates closed, no one is to leave.”
He stormed back into the palace, furious that he’d not thought of that first. In his own mind he knew it was too late. The fire had been a distraction. The Shadow walker would have made good his escape. But then he smiled to himself; he was still alive, even though it had cost him two of his sons. He could only concede that Aaron’s precautions, Aaron’s idea had thwarted the Shadow Walker’s plans. It would have been nice to have captured him, to have found out the identity of this supposed Shadow Walker. Now he may never know for sure.
Luther and Craig were to be given military funerals with all the pomp and ceremony of their class. The people were expected to mourn the passing of the two sons. An order was given that no inns were allowed to be open, that everyone in the city had to wear black until after the funeral. A few disobeyed this order and were thrown into the dungeons. Benjamin’s tyranny had not waned. In fact, his anger was such that he intended to make even more examples of his power in the days to come. For the moment though, he consoled his wife.
 Aaron had hardly spoken to his father since the death of his two brothers. The distance, the void between them had grown wider. His father had learnt nothing from this. He seemed to be placing himself even higher on his pedestal. Aaron knew that after the funerals he would take further reprisals against the population. Even though he himself wanted revenge for the death of his brothers, killing innocent citizens was not the way to do it.
Sleep eluded him. He would wake up in a sweat, trembling, as his mind recalled the sharp point of the Shadow Walker’s sword at his throat. The night before the funeral he could not sleep at all. There was only one person he could talk to about this. He lit a candle, dressed and made his way down to the basement once again. He knocked on the door rather tentatively; he wasn’t sure how Father Hannibal would receive him.
Surprisingly, the door opened almost straight away. Father Hannibal, dressed in a thick, white robe reaching to the floor, and a matching white night cap, peered at Aaron through sleepy eyes.
“I was expecting you,” he said, moving back inside and leaving the door open.
“You must sleep lightly, Father?”
“That I do, have done for many a year, ever since Steppland was defeated.”
Aaron, sensed the irony in Father Hannibal’s words, he closed the door. “You are to officiate at the funerals tomorrow?”
Aaron poured some hot wax from the top of the candle onto the still cluttered table and sat the candle in the molten wax, held it there for a moment, and withdrew his hand. He sat down.
Father Hannibal shuffled to his seat at the opposite end of the table. “Yes, I’ve been given the honour of conducting the service.”
“You said that you were expecting me?”
“I know you too well, Aaron, so much more than your own father or mother. You are troubled by what has happened?”
“The Shadow Walker let me live, Father, he could have slain me just as he did my brothers.”
“And you feel guilty about this?”
“Yes, I should have done more, I should have fought him.”
“What did he say to you?”
“He said: ‘Don’t be so bloody stupid, you don’t have a chance in hell against me.’
“It’s obvious he didn’t want to kill you, maybe he saw the same thing in you that I have seen. Maybe he is giving you a chance.”
“A chance at what, Father?”
“I think you know the answer to that question yourself without me telling you.”
“In a way I beat him, thwarted him, my father is still alive.”
“So it seems.”
“You don’t sound so confident, Father.”
“Who knows what goes on in the mind of a Shadow Walker, he may be as devious as he is cunning. Killing the heirs to Steppland creates a problem for your father; he now has to consider you as his sole heir.”
Aaron had never thought of taking over from his father as it was always going to be Luther, the eldest son, who would be the next governor. The stark reality of it struck him like an arrow to his heart. He could not slay his subjects for no reason as his father, Luther and Craig had, it was not in his nature. He could not make the hard decisions that a governor had to make; the task he feared was too daunting, too demanding. “I don’t think I want to be his heir.”
Father Hannibal raised his eyebrows at Aaron’s words as he stared at him through the gloom of the candlelight. “You may have no choice in the matter.”
“I will decide what I am going to do with my future,” said Aaron in a distinctively defiant tone.
Father Hannibal smiled inwardly to himself. That was what he wanted to see in Aaron, some fire, some anger. Aaron would initially make all the excuses under the sun why he shouldn’t be the next governor, but Father Hannibal knew that if Aaron took the seat of power in Steppland his rule would be vastly different. Benjamin liked to keep his people subjugated; that would not be Aaron’s way.
“Yes, you are right, Master, you should prepare yourself for your own future, whatever that may be.”
Aaron took the candle from the table and stood up. “I’ll see you tomorrow at the funeral,” he said calmly, his mind now clear.
After the funeral, relatives and friends adjourned to the castle for the wake. It was a solemn affair, no one talked about what was really on their minds. They all knew that Governor Benjamin Simms and his last son, Aaron, had vastly different natures and personalities. It was inevitable that there would be conflict between them. What would that mean for them, for the people of Darfor and for Steppland. Aaron was now the sole heir to the governorship.
Some of the younger men tried to induce Aaron to go hunting, but Aaron was going nowhere, he knew he must declare himself to his father, lay down his own path, whatever the consequences.
The other women were doting on his mother as she sat on the couch, looking pale and sad. She caught her son’s eye and nodded to him. It was her way of saying that she wished to talk with him. He left the group of young men and put out his hand to his mother. She took his hand and stood up. “You will excuse me ladies, I wish to speak to my son.”
Aaron led her out onto the balcony, the very balcony that the Shadow Walker had climbed onto before disappearing.
Aaron’s mother turned to him with pain, concern and anguish imprinted on her face. “I want you to promise me that you will try to work with your father.”
“You mean, help him kill people?”
“No, I do not mean that. You must find some common ground.”
“You know he holds the people of Darfor responsible for the death of Luther and Craig. He suspects that they are complicit in aiding the Shadow Walker, or whoever he may be.”
“You are all I have left, Aaron, the last of my sons.” Her voice faltered and there were tears in her eyes. “If anything happened to you I would surely die.”
Aaron reached out to his mother and held her firmly. “Nothing is going to happen to me, Mother, but there may well be some changes.”
“Promise me you will try to get on with your father.”
“I cannot make that promise, Mother. You know very well I don’t agree with the way father rules Steppland.”
“Are you going to challenge him?” she said, leaving his arms and wiping away her tears with a white handkerchief.
“Let’s just call it a process of succession, which will in the end, be better for everyone concerned.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing, Aaron.”
“Trust me, Mother, it will be all right.”
He led her back into the room.
The next day Aaron went to the gates of the city and questioned the guards. He asked them who had passed through the gates while the fire was burning. At three of the gates the guards said that no one came through until long after the fire, but at the western gate they recalled two men, one of them riding a black stallion, his face covered with a scarf and hood.
It must have been the Shadow Walker. How in the hell had he escaped from the palace? Was there a way out of the palace that no one knew about, a tunnel or passage perhaps? He recalled that his father had often told the story of their taking of the castle all those years ago. He and Hugo in their drunken tirades spoke of their opening of the gates, of the fight that ensued. It was a high point in their lives and they liked to relive it again and again. But there was one thing that had always puzzled them – how had the queen escaped? She had simply disappeared.
It was then he remembered something, the mention of the black stallion. The boy was leading a black stallion, it supposedly belong to a trader who was staying in the small cottage near the castle. He quickly climbed back onto his horse and made his way back toward the palace. He hadn’t gone far when he came across some soldiers dragging two men from a house. A crowd was gathering, an angry looking crowd. An arrow came from nowhere and struck one of the soldiers square in the back. With flaying arms the soldier tried to reach for the arrow as he slowly sank to the ground. The crowd surged forward, swords and spears appeared. The soldiers didn’t have a hope.
He quickly made his way past the incensed crowd. There were spot fires of fighting in the streets; twice Aaron had to back away and find another route back to the palace. On arriving he found the gates closed. It would not have mattered if they were open anyway, he would not have been able to pass by the enraged mob that was gathering.
There might just be another way into the castle though. On reaching the cottage he thumped on the door as he peered around, people were watching him. At that very moment he feared for his life.
“Who is it?” enquired a muffled, frightened voice from within.
“It’s Aaron, the governor’s son.”
He heard the bolt rattle in the door. “Quickly, inside,” said Rose as she opened the door and shut it firmly behind them.
“There is fighting in the streets,” he said as he peered across at the two children cowering in the corner.
“He warned me to keep the doors locked.”
“The stranger, the one riding the black stallion and covering his face, I presume it was he?”
Rose turned from him and went to sit with her children. “He offered us money, more money than we have seen in a long time. These are hard times. We would have been lucky to survive the winter without it.”
“I need to get back into the palace. I believe there is a way.”
“I know nothing of what you talk about.”
“Madam, you and your children have nothing to fear from me. If I don’t get back inside a lot of innocent people may die. You must help me stop this.”
“And if I do?”
“It will be our secret, I will tell no one.”
Rose wanted to believe this young man, but she was fearful of what might happen to herself and the children. It was Tarran who spoke up.
“I’ll show you,” he said, standing up and making his way to the back door.
“You are a brave lad, what’s your name?”
“Tarran,” he said as he slid the bolt back on the door, opened it ever so slightly and peered outside. “There’s no one around.”
Rose closed the door behind them.
They ran to the barn and made their way inside.
“Over here,” said Tarran, hurrying to the far corner of the stables. He kicked the yellow straw aside with his scuffed and well-worn boots to reveal some smooth stone pavers. “This one,” he said, pointing to the paver in front of him.
Aaron knelt down, slid his dagger into the crack between the pavers and levered it, the paver came up very easily. He slid his fingers under it and shifted it sideways. It was a square hole, dropping down about four feet.
“It opens up once you get inside,” said Tarran. “You will need a candle, sir.”
Tarran retrieved a candle that was lying on the window ledge along with a tinderbox. He lit the candle and gave it to Aaron. “You must cover this up again,” he said as he dropped down into the hole.
Bending over he pushed the candle out in front of him and stepped into the tunnel proper, it did indeed open up. He heard the grating sound of the paver being pushed back into place. Someone had built this many years ago. In places there were timber posts but as he went deeper it turned to solid stone. The walls glistened with a reflective dampness. The floor beneath him was wet and muddy. He came to a set of stone steps that began to wind upwards in a spiral. Then he came to a dead end, a blank wall made of timber. He lifted the candle higher and looked around the cavern wall. Off to one side was a wooden lever; he pulled it down and slowly the wall began to move. It opened enough for him to step through. He was in the study of the palace! He pushed the partition and it slid shut on its own weight. He looked down at his muddy tracks on the stone floor. This was going to be his secret. One day he might need to use this tunnel again. Sneaking through to the dining room he found a cloth, returned and wiped away his tracks.
Making his way through to the kitchen he ran into Matilda, the pretty young servant girl his mother had tried to get rid of. She was one of the reasons he came to the kitchen to eat, his eyes secretly admired her although he dared not show it. His mother would be aghast if she knew how he truly felt about this young woman.
“Where is everyone, Matilda? What’s going on?”
“It’s your father. He has taken fifty people from the city and intends to slay them. All the servants have been ordered into the courtyard to witness the slayings.”
“Why aren’t you there?”
“I came looking for you, you must stop this. It’s sheer madness.”
“Yes, you are right, the people are already starting to revolt,” said Aaron, putting a protective arm around her and steering her to the door.
Matilda felt her skin burning at his touch, he had never done that before, never touched her. She had dreamt of it many times, of him reaching for her, taking her in his arms. Her mother had warned of the sins of men, of their desires of the flesh, but she knew if Aaron wanted her in that way, she would not hinder him, would welcome him regardless of the consequences. She took his arm away as they went out into the corridor, it would not look well for him to be holding onto a servant girl. She followed him down the stairs and into the courtyard.
His father stood in the middle of the cobblestoned yard, to one side was a huddled group of cowering peasants surrounded by armed soldiers, behind him stood the servants and his mother.
Myra saw Aaron come from the palace, behind him was that wisp of a girl from the kitchen. Had she run to him to tell him what was going on? Of course she had. She would have to try and get rid of that girl. She and Aaron were becoming too close. It would not do for him to marry a commoner.
“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” said Aaron as he confronted his father who was dressed in military attire; a breastplate armour and the purple plumed silver helmet, denoting his superior rank. He held his sword in his right hand.
“I’m going to make an example of these people, I would like to kill more, but fifty will do for now.” Benjamin signaled his soldiers to bring the first struggling man foreword.
He was an older man, thin and pale, dressed in the drab brown clothes of the poor. “Sir, have pity on me, I have a wife and five children. They will not survive without me.”
Too bad,” said Benjamin as the soldiers pushed the trembling man onto his knees. His hands were locked together in front of him as if in prayer.
Aaron stepped in front of his father. “I’ll not let you do this.”
“Step aside, you might be the only heir left, but it is not your time yet.”
“Don’t be a fool, Father. The people are already rioting in the streets and killing the soldiers. They have us surrounded. They will outnumber you ten to one if they rise together. If you do this they will storm the palace and kill us all, then there will be nothing, no heirs, absolutely nothing. It was the Shadow Walker who killed Luther and Craig, not these people,” said Aaron, waving his hand in the direction of the recoiling group of peasants.
Aaron sensed the indecision in his father. Then his mother approached them on her sandaled feet, staring at Aaron. She said nothing as she stood beside husband. She just touched him gently on the arm. It was a silent signal between them. His father looked at the peasants, glared at Aaron and dropped his sword tip to the ground.
“Let these people go and order the soldiers back to the barracks,” said Aaron, softly, pleadingly.
Myra’s grip tightened on her husband’s arm.
“Open the gates,” yelled Benjamin. “Let the people go. Have all the soldiers in the town return to the barracks.”
“You will not regret this, Father.”
“I am already regretting it,” he scowled, swinging on his heels and re-sheathing his sword.
He strode back into the palace with Myra by his side. He did not look at anybody. His eyes were fixed onto something in front of him that no one else could see – his own future. He feared that this was the beginning of the end. The Shadow Walker had succeeded. He had taken two of his sons and left him to wallow in his own descent.

“It is a pity you did not kill Benjamin Simms,” said Brannigan, “after all, you have been waiting fifteen years.”
“There are many ways to take your revenge, the loss of his sons; especially Luther, will severely dent his confidence and hurt him deeply. The younger son will challenge him now, will take over. It will be a peaceful transition and one that I believe will save many lives. Benjamin Simms is finished. He’ll always wonder about the Shadow Walker, wonder about Edmond Harland. It will be a curse in itself that will eventually destroy his mind. He will suffer a long, slow, lingering death. It is far better this way.”
“I hope you are right about this.”
“I am Brannigan, trust me,” said the Shadow Walker as he pulled back the hood on his cape and unwound the red-silk scarf from his face. “I’m not known in Treeland.”
Brannigan looked at the strong, handsome, clean-shaven face. His dark wavy hair rested on his broad shoulders, his blue eyes, stern and commanding peered into the distance toward Darfor.
“Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to lead a simple life, Master, to have some land, a woman to cook for you and keep you bedded, and children of course.”
“There may be a future for you in Darfor, Brannigan, but there is nothing there for me. I have to look to a different future, a future not without some uncertainty, I might add. But there’s something I might look forward to, Brannigan, something delightful.”
Brannigan knew he was hinting at the young woman, Mica.
“Do you think you will see her again, Master?”
He turned and smiled at Brannigan. 
“Yes,” he said pulling at the reins of his horse.

THE END


Note: Read book two and three to find out how the destiny of the Shadow Walker and the orphan are further intertwined.


