


The Burning Tree
Eli O. Paige
Copyright 2014 Eli O. Paige
Smashwords Edition

Connect with Eli on Twitter

Eli’s Smashwords Profile

eli.olivia.paige@gmail.com



to
Brittney, Ireland, Lochlan and Sawyer
la boo
(love you)



Part 1




Chapter 1



The Hollow



Marmel sat high in a tree late at night.  He leaned against the bark and it softened and curved so he could sit comfortably.  His bare feet dangled over the edge of a long smooth branch as he looked out from his perch.  Hundreds of stars burned in the sky.  The moon was low, and streamed a pale light over the plains below.  
Marmel was 10 years old with bright green eyes and coarse blond hair tucked behind his ears.  The sleeves of his rough cotton shirt were too long and hid his hands.  But he liked it that way.  Marmel always asked the plump old Weavers to make them a little long.  Now one sleeved hand held onto a branch and the other pretended to draw lines between the points in the sky.
All was quiet except the breeze and the sound of trees gently rocking.  The glowing heat from a tangle of white flowers above him kept him warm.  Marmel was on the edge of a forest, where he could see spots of white dotting along the outer wall of branches.  He knew many others were sleeping beneath the flowers, or watching with tired eyes over the plains below.
Marmel looked up at the Watcher in his tree.  She crouched twenty feet above him, and he saw her auburn hair drift in the wind as she looked out from her perch.  Glancing back at the stars, Marmel tried to remember the shapes he had drawn.  He was sure he had drawn a pumpkin.  But he couldn’t figure it out again.  He slowly drifted off to sleep, losing his best efforts to stay up with the Watcher.  
Marmel dreamed he sat up in the same tree on that same night.  The Watcher was gone and he was alone.  The white flowers had turned red and let off such heat that he couldn’t bear to sit underneath.  He climbed higher and felt the cold of the night.  Marmel looked around and saw that the great ring of trees that protected his village was empty.  There was no glow of white flowers.  There were no Watchers.  Suddenly he saw a flash of movement below on the plain.  A shadow moved with many legs.  He felt a pain take hold in his arm as the shadow stopped and reared up from the ground.  He saw its shiny black eyes, appearing white as they reflected the moon.   
The enormous spider came into view as Marmel strained to see against the dark.  It must have been seven feet across.  The shadow had a texture of patches of long fur and worn skin.  Its breath was shallow and quick.  
Silently, on the spider’s back, a figure of a man fought to sit up.  Marmel had never seen an Arach before.  It looked up at Marmel with the same glasslike eyes as the beast it rode on.  It had the same worn leathered skin with arms pinned to its sides.  Its mouth gapped open as if to speak, but the jaw just hung from its face.  It didn’t make a sound.
Marmel couldn’t look away.  The pain in his arm crawled under his skin and toward his hand, glowing in an orange light under his sleeve.  The pain wrapped around his palm and through his fingers.  It then took him by the hand and pulled him down.  The tree seemed to move from underneath him, and he began to fall down towards the open mouth of the Arach.
Startled awake, Marmel jolted from his branch.  The branch moved to steady him, but he slipped over the edge.  He felt his weight drop quickly as he started to fall to the ground.  Marmel flung his arms at the speeding branches to try and slow down, but the long sleeves that covered his hands made it impossible.  He then slammed his feet on the branches as they past.  The tree cushioned his impact, bending each one to soften the blow.  Speeding to the bottom, Marmel caught a final bough with his right hand, but slipped again on the sleeve of his shirt.  Falling just a few feet, he landed with a thud.
Pain immediately moved into his shoulder and started to vibrate though his arm.  He must have hit one of the roots at the base of the tree.  Marmel could just lay there stunned, hoping no one had noticed the awkward fall.
‘Good Morning Marmel,’ Fredrick said as he approached, obviously trying not to smile.  Fredrick was three years older than Marmel and had been friends with him for a long time.  He had a round face, brown eyes, short brown curly hair and a round body that never seemed to fit into his clothes.
‘Morning,’ Marmel replied casually, still lying on his back.  He was trying his best to hide his stiff shoulder and the embarrassment for falling out of the tree.
As Marmel uneasily stood and brushed the dirt off with his long sleeves, Fredrick looked up at the red haired Watcher.  But she just looked down with indifference.  It made it seem like it wasn’t the first time Marmel had fallen out like that.
‘Did you fall asleep again?’ Fredrick finally said, unable to hide his smile as he looked back at Marmel. ‘Me too,’ he went on.  ‘Old Orter won’t stop talking.  He keeps telling me the same stories over and over.’  
Marmel heard this already, but was still busy brushing the dirt and taking twigs out of his hair.  Orter was an old man Fredrick was taking Watcher lessons with.  
‘His favourite ones are from the old war,’ he said, looking back at Marmel.  ‘They were good stories when I was seven.  I think he can tell I’m bored, so he gives me cookies.  He has a good stash up there.  
‘I thought he kept those for himself.’
‘Yes, but if I listen, he’ll give me a few of the broken ones.’
Marmel knew what he was talking about.  He had eaten many half jam jams and crumbled up chocolate chunkies from Orter.  But Marmel still liked to hear his stories, even without the treats.  Orter had been a Watcher for what seemed like eternity.  He had seen so many frightening things that Marmel wanted to hear about over and over. 
‘Did he tell you about the Arachs again?’ Marmel asked, remembering his dream.  Marmel thought Arachs were terrifying, so he knew everything about them.  He had seen some paintings and sketches in books, and they were usually in the middle of a darkly drawn mass of creatures.  Thin lines of silk strung out from an unnatural cut that wound around their bodies.  The silk was weak, and would snap off or drift to the ground on contact.  But with one touch, the Arach could enter any creature’s mind and control them.  Orter would always end the story, saying very slowly, ‘don’t let the silk touch you, unless you want the devil in your thoughts.’  Then he would give him an old piece of cookie.
‘No, but I’m glad he didn’t,’ Fredrick said in the most unexcited way.  ‘I’ve heard it already.’ 
‘Anyways, I brought breakfast,’ he announced proudly, holding out an overstuffed satchel.  Getting the last twig out of his hair, Marmel somehow still felt tired.  He yawned with approval and forgot about his dream.
‘What did you bring?’
‘The usual.’
Marmel smiled because the usual always meant hard-boiled eggs, fresh bread and some mysterious fruit.  Fredrick loved fruit and was a keen gardener.  He could name every plant in the forest and knew all their special qualities.  
‘We’ll pick up the fruit on the way,’ Fredrick noted.  ‘I think you’ll enjoy this one.’
‘Does it keep you awake?’ Marmel said, fighting back a second yawn.
‘Ah.  You’ll see.  Let’s go eat at the Hollow.’
 Marmel nodded and, despite his tiredness and injury, easily jumped in front of Fredrick.  He speeded away to head in a familiar direction, as Fredrick followed after at a slightly slower pace.
The Hollow was a huge old tree that sat in the middle of a pond.  It was on a small island in the forest, hidden from view and found through trails that only Marmel and Fredrick seemed to know.  No one ever came by.  Once a fairly large tree, the Hollow had rotted out.  Most of it had fallen into the deep water around it, after it split about ten feet above the ground. They had found it years before and quickly made it their hiding place.  
Marmel and Fredrick ran quietly under the tall trees at the edge of the wood.  Underneath the canopy of branches, the sun flooded from the horizon.  They ran through great bars of light that snuck between the outer walls of trees.  
Suddenly they turned into a dense part of the forest and onto a lightly used trail.  They easily navigated the fallen trunks and slippery rocks as the ground climbed under their feet.  But Marmel and Fredrick knew every hazard, and didn’t slow down.  They had run this path a hundred times before. 
Still trailing Marmel, Fredrick stopped abruptly. He reached carefully into the brush, pulled out a colourful fruit and quickly put it in his bag.  He then resumed his pace a little further back than before.
The direct light from the morning faded from view as the forest grew thicker.  Marmel and Fredrick then slowed as they came to an opening in the trees.  The ground fell away, and at the bottom of the slope was the large pond with the Hollow resting in the middle.  
They carefully scrambled down the bank and then stopped near the shore.  The water was a dark clear blue and very deep. The two boys walked around the edge until they found a small stone marker.
Marmel then took a brave step into the pond.  But his foot sank just an inch, and rested onto a large rock hidden underneath the waterline.  A concealed path of stone bent across the pond, just below the surface.  The boys easily navigated across.  They jumped between the massive stones and splashed their way to the island.  
The stump had a large opening where most of the tree had snapped off.  And when it fell, it had slightly uprooted itself, leaving a gap at the bottom to get in.     
Normally tree hollows like these were covered in ants or other slippery crawling things. But when Marmel and Fredrick came around, they seemed to vanish and scatter in every direction.  
The boys came to the open side, and slid on their backs to pull themselves through.  Some bugs that still remained sputtered out the top.  Others marched around them in an orderly fashion to leave.   
Marmel and Fredrick sat up inside and saw the light stream through the holes in the trunk, lighting the walls within it.  Every part of the inside of the Hollow had been carved on.  Most of the drawings were crude stick figures, etched in years before when they first found it.  But as the boys grew older, the pictures that were higher were more detailed.  Marmel and Fredrick were even filling in some of the older drawings with smaller intricate pictures.  They mostly tried to carve some of their favourite stories, stories that had been told by their fathers and others, like Orter, in the village.  There were images of great trees with people sitting at the top.  Plains full of giant bugs of all shapes and sizes.  People jumped from tree to tree.  Fires blazed.  Ryders rode on the backs of hairy beasts.  Eyes peeked out from under lakes and streams.  Most notably, a picture of two large trees was carved in near the top.  Nothing else was near.  Each had the name of their fathers written in below the roots that tangled beneath them.
Fredrick laid out the contents of the satchel in front of him.  To Marmel’s delight, beside the brown hardboiled eggs and dark loaf of bread, was a Mantos fruit.  The fruit was ripe and could hardly move.  
‘I found this on the way,’ Fredrick said with pride.  ‘You should see these when they’re little.  They’re so fast you can hardly see them, let alone catch them.’  The Mantos fruit was struggling to waddle toward the exit.  It was obviously a much bigger and slower version of its former self.  
‘Where are you going?’ Fredrick asked as he grabbing the wobbly plant.  He smiled as he picked it up, peeling the Mantos to reveal a bright orange fruit.    
When the boys were done grabbing their share, the lighter Mantos plant awkwardly folded up its colour faded peelings.  It then happily scampered under the tree roots and out to freedom.    ‘It will be fun to see him run around the forest again,’ Fredrick added, taking a bite.  ‘If you don’t take their fruit, they get too heavy to move.  Then the birds get them, and they’re not as nice as we are.’  Marmel smiled as he heard a light splashing, imagining the Mantos wafting across the pond.
 ‘The fruit is also great for healing when you can find it.  People put the juice on their injuries.   It will sting a little, but it works,’ Fredrick said casually, having noticed Marmel favouring his arm since he fell out of the tree.
Marmel leaned back and felt the ache in his shoulder again.  Now that he sat, it became hard to move as it painfully swelled inside.  He quickly took Fredrick’s advice, taking a small piece and squeezing it onto his arm.  His muscles warmed as the juices seeped under his skin, glowing slightly in a translucent colour over the injured area.
‘Don’t leave that on too long,’ Fredrick warned.  ‘Or your whole arm will glow and burn.  You’ll be worse off than before.’ 
But Marmel didn’t pay much attention.  He felt his shoulder start to loosen, and he could lean back inside the Hollow again.
‘I’m glad all my lessons are done tomorrow,’ Fredrick said, still enjoying his breakfast.  ‘No more stories from Orter and sitting up in that tree for hours.  I mean, why are we up there?  There hasn’t been an Arach seen in years.’  
Marmel looked down and tapped at his remaining hardboiled egg, not wanting to share his dream from the night before.  
‘Ya, it’s pretty boring,’ he said agreeably.   
‘And no more of the Bird Man.’ Fredrick went on.  ‘When you see him this afternoon for your first lesson, don’t listen to everything he says.  He thinks he can fly.’
Marmel looked at Fredrick and didn’t know what to say.  He imagined the large man flapping his arms and gliding around happily in the air.
‘He’ll tell you the birds won’t take you seriously until you can, which is never.  So if he presses you, run around with your arms out.  At least he’ll think you’re trying.  He’ll love that,’ Fredrick said firmly.
Marmel suddenly was not looking forward to his bird training.  ‘People only fly once, straight down,’ Fredrick added.  
‘What about the Arbres training?’  Marmel was changing the subject.  He didn’t want to think about falling off a cliff, as there seemed to be a harder landing than falling out of a tree.  ‘Are you still no good at making the trees move?’
‘Terrible,’ Fredrick replied, stuffing another piece of bread in his mouth.  ‘I can’t work with them at all.  Everyone else could make their saplings do cartwheels and jump up and down.’
Marmel hoped he would be better.  His father was an Arbres Ryder.  It was all he had wanted to do.
‘When you get yours at the festival, I’m sure it will be better than mine.  I finally just gave up and planted it last fall.’  Fredrick trailed off and looked around at nothing in particular.
‘Are you ready for your part in the play?’ Marmel asked, changing the subject again.  He had forgotten that Fredrick was so sensitive about his sapling.  People teased him a lot about it.
He perked up immediately. ‘Of course I am.’   He was very proud of his role.  He was a minion with a great costume, much better than the watermelon Marmel had to wear again.  Fredrick finished an egg and started doing a pretty good job lurking around on all fours.  
‘Just imagine I have those big legs on me!’  He reared up, making his best scary face and took another large bite of bread.  Fredrick tried to say his lines, thundering through the words and clenching his fist high in the air.  But his mouth was too full for Marmel to understand him at all.
‘You’re going to be great,’ Marmel noted, smiling at the sight.  Fredrick realized how silly he sounded and went along, taking another oversized bite and muffling more lines with great conviction.    
Fredrick sat down and said what Marmel thought was, ‘Now do yours.’
‘No.’
‘Come on.  You need the practice,’ he said more clearly.
‘Right.  I’m a watermelon this year.  I was a watermelon last year and the year before that.’  Marmel did a half-hearted impression of waddling around in the Hollow.
‘Don’t forget your stint as a tomato.  You were very good.’
‘You’re right’ Marmel said, seeing the humour in it. ‘I was convincing.’
‘Yes.  Those kids being the fruits and vegetables these days,’ Fredrick went on with mock disappointment, ‘I just don’t believe it.  All I see are some kids playing around.  But you!  You were a true and perfect watermelon.  I can’t even tell it’s you in that incredibly small costume.  It’s like someone picked a watermelon and put it on the stage.’
Marmel laughed and felt better for some reason.  He could still hear the thin enthusiastic play director booming at the young actors the day before:
“Every year the plays are the centerpiece of our great festival!   Fantastic tales have been told here for generations. This year we honour our Vah, our leader, with a play about King So-Kai.  So-Vah will be watching.  People from all across the plains will be here watching!  Bring this play to life!  So plump up watermelons. Swirl snowflakes. And crrrrawl minions – crrrrawl!”
Marmel was young enough to still be a watermelon, but old enough to be one of the leads.  It was a dreadful job.  The costumes were too small and they had to keep all the other kids in line on stage.  The audience always thought it was very cute and funny.  Marmel did not. 
‘You’re pretty good with those kids,’ Fredrick said.
Marmel frowned, thinking of another practice trying to get them to waddle properly, not wreck anything on the set and to keep their costumes on.  He really thought any rehearsal without someone crying or biting was a great success.
Marmel quickly changed the subject again. ‘You must be excited about tomorrow night, after the play.’ 
Fredrick awkwardly replied, ‘for sure.  I mean it’s my year.’
‘I wonder where they take you all.  I can’t wait to be 13.  You get the best parts in the play, and then you all get to leave together for a trip.  I wish people would say where they went.  No one ever does.’  
Fredrick didn’t say anything.  ‘Best of all,’ Marmel added. ‘You are done your lessons and get to choose your calling.  I know most are Watchers, Arbres Ryders or of the Redro,’ he said, stating the obvious to cover Fredrick’s silence.
  ‘I just want to be a gardener,’ Fredrick reflected.  ‘It’s really the only choice.  I can’t stay awake in those huge trees.  The smaller ones won’t move for me to ride on.  And who knows how you get in the Redro.’
‘Ya,’ Marmel agreed, thinking of the older members of the Redro always surrounding the Vah, wearing long robes and even longer beards.
Finishing the last egg, Marmel wondered if he would struggle in his lessons for three years like Fredrick.  
‘You’ll be fine.  You watch.’  Fredrick seemed to read his expression.  ‘You’ll get a little sapling and a baby bird tomorrow at the festival.  No one can be as bad as me...
 ‘You’d better get going to your first lessons,’ Fredrick directed. ‘They won’t give you the sapling and bird without them.  I’ll stay behind for a bit and properly practice my lines for the play.’
Nodding silently, and still chewing his breakfast, Marmel agreed it was time to go.
He climbed out with Fredrick and gingerly stepped across the hidden path of stones.  At the other edge of the water, Marmel remembered the Mantos juice on his shoulder.  He folded back his shirt and looked.  It still glowed in an orange red colour as before, and he could see it start to spread in thin lines down his arm.  The pain from the fall in the morning had gone.  Replacing it was a burning under his skin that seemed to reach into the muscle beneath it.  
Recalling what Fredrick had said before, he took a handful of water and poured enough to wash the juice away.  When the glow started to fade, he folded up his shirt and turned to wave good-bye.  He saw a few bugs hovering above the Hollow as Fredrick waved back.  
  With his long sleeves he pretended to fly as he breezed up the bank, turning away from the Hollow and along the hidden trails. Marmel was looking forward to his lessons and had forgotten all about his dream.
When Marmel was out of Fredrick’s sight, the small flying bugs flew in from the treetops towards him.  Unbothered, Fredrick crawled back underneath and disappeared.  More followed, entering in a very orderly fashion behind him.



Chapter 2



Flying



Climbing out of the dense forest, Marmel ran along a path to his first lesson with Avel.  His feet seemed to glide over the trail as it wound tightly against the trees.
 After a few long strides, the path leaned away from the brush and began to climb.  Marmel slowed slightly as he leapt over and around the rocks that broke the path like monstrous teeth.  As he climbed, he slowed again to walk.  The trees that hid the Hollow started to fall away beneath him.  Overhead, the canopy of leaves fractured with the thinning forest to reveal a blue sky.  Small, fast moving clouds raced out of sight.
Marmel emerged from the scattering of trees.  In front of him was a large plateau whose sides had been cut away and dropped jaggedly to the lake far below.  A few wind twisted trees clung with exposed roots to the far eastern edge.  They seemed to hold it from falling, as it extended in a ledge out over the water.  
The wind fluttered the loose sleeves of his shirt as Marmel saw the other Tens already gathered at the largest of the twisted trees.  Avel was firmly perched on top and the tree strained to hold his weight over the drop.  
Even from a distance, Avel looked strange.  He had an enormously puffed out chest and oddly thin legs that rarely bent at the knees.  He always looked to topple over.  His richly decorated rough cotton clothing was cut to fit, except for the sleeves that hung loose two feet below his elbows.  Avel also only ever looked at anyone with one eye at a time, quickly switching between his left and right eye as he spoke.  
Marmel ran into the wind and across the plateau to meet the others.  Even though the wind drowned it out, he could tell the lesson had started.  Avel’s arms and legs flashed around as in the middle of some grand story.  Behind Avel, a slouched over 13 sat idly, not appearing to want to be there at all.  
As Marmel came closer, he noticed that the trees surrounding Avel were full of birds.  Fees and Arlows covered the branches.  Some even seemed to watch Avel’s storytelling intently.  
Fees are small red and yellow birds with long thin beaks.  The wings have feathers that extend well below their tiny claws.  Marmel often would see them fly by.  With a flap of their wings and a roll of their body, whey would force through the air in an almost straight line.  Fees would propel with such speed that the long beak would whistle as it shot by overhead.  
Arlows were considered the laziest bird in High forest.  They would sleep up in the canopy for days.  Everyone agreed that their large claws were needed to hold up the Arlow’s oversized bodies from falling as they slept.  Most people in High Forest had never seen them move, let alone fly.  Those who had, reported more of a fall than a flight.  Marmel thought that Avel must have carried each of the Arlows up there one by one.
As Marmel arrived, Avel stopped his story and the rest of the Tens turned around to look at him.  They were all there before he was.  He squeezed though a group of disapproving girls to stand with his friends Oreole and Drumpit.  Drumpit was freckly with continually half-closed green eyes.  He had long red hair and a thicker body than the other two boys.  Oreole had sharp brown eyes, short cropped dark hair and was the thinnest and tallest of them.
Oreole flashed his easy smile and Drumpit looked sideways as Marmel settled between them.
Avel looked at Marmel with his left eye and then his right.
‘You missed my first story Marmel,’ Avel said, now pausing for effect.  ‘How I learned to fly,’ Avel continued as wistfully as possible.  He puffed his chest with pride.
Oreole rolled his eyes at Marmel.  Drumpit stared at Avel, but was obviously not listening.
 ‘Well, I’m glad that you are here now,’ Avel said kindly, deflating a little.
Marmel tucked his hair behind his ears, wanting everyone to stop looking at him.
‘Now what was I talking about after that?’ Avel asked, taking his one-eyed focus off Marmel.
None of the Tens spoke.  No one wanted to say anything in front of the very strange Avel.
Avel puffed himself again.  He pointed behind him and, in the distance and along the horizon, a shadow of a great tree blurred into view.  
‘My brother told me he tells this story every year,’ Oreole whispered loudly. ‘After telling the one he imagined about flying.’
‘Long ago, before we were all here, before the sun chased the moon,’ Avel began, as most stories do in High Forest, ‘there was a great lone Tolen, a Watcher tree, and an enormous bird, Ava.  The beautiful and powerful Ava loved to sit in the Tolen’s branches that stretched beyond the ridges of the sky.
 ‘Then one night, jealous of the heights of the Tolen and Ava, many horrible beasts climbed out from the ground to destroy them both.  Yet, for all their biting, gnashing and clawing, they could not.  Ava would just fly above and circle the Tolen.  The leaves and branches that were gnawed and broken off would grow back with the sunlight.’ 
‘Here comes the part with the fire,’ Oreole continued to whisper, obviously knowing the story.
‘Until,’ Avel paused, looking out of his right eye. ‘One night an Arach, a spider, came with fire.’
As Marmel and most of the Tens listened intently, Drumpit yawned and folded his arms, looking up at the Fees and the sleeping Arlows behind Avel.
‘The Arach set fire to the Tolen and it lit in a great column of light and smoke.  Flying high above, Ava became enraged.  She thundered down on the beasts with her wings and claws and scattered then back into the ground.
‘Looking back at the Tolen aflame, Ava tried to smother it with her wings.  But she caught fire herself.  Ava streaked into the sky and rained ash down to the rock below, turning it black.
‘Seeing Ava burn, the Tolen split from its roots and cracked the base of its trunk to move.   Still burning, it marched across the plains to the ocean and disappeared under a swirl of steam and smoke.’ 
‘Now the new tree,’ Oreole whispered again to Marmel.
‘From where the Tolen had been, the sprouting of a new tree emerged.  The first Arbres, the moving tree, grew.’
Pointing across the lake again, Avel’s sleeve dangled to the ground. ‘You all see that black shadow on the horizon.’ 
The Tens strained to see it in the distance.
‘The First Peoples built a great city there with monuments to Ava, Tolen and the first Arbres.’
Drumpit yawned again, staring blankly at Avel.  Some Tens began to whisper and giggle to one another.
Feeling the restlessness of the Tens, Avel quickly ended the story.  ‘Tomorrow you will receive your own bird and tree. You will follow in the traditions set by the First Peoples.’
Oreole looked at Marmel and made a slight impression of Avel by leaning into him with one eye.  Marmel failed to hide his laugh.
A hand quickly shot up in the air.  ‘I would like a bird with blue and yellow feathers,’ Jolun, a tall blond-haired girl, said confidently in front of a group of other, shyer girls.
‘Well, hold on,’ Avel said, focusing his left eye on Jolun.
‘And that sings beautifully,’ she added.
‘Hold on.’
‘And doesn’t have very sharp claws.  Those hurt when they land on you.’ 
‘Well I would like,’ Oreole added loudly, cutting them both off, ‘a big round bird with the sharpest claws that eats beautifully signing blue and yellow birds for lunch and supper.’
The class murmured with laughter.  Jolun scowled at a smiling Oreole.  
‘No one gets to pick a bird,’ ended Avel.  ‘They choose you.’
‘Now,’ Avel continued, directing the conversation.  ‘We wanted to quickly show you what they can do.’
As if on cue, the slouched over 13 slowly got up.  He had short brown hair, blue eyes and was quite tall.
‘Cover will help me demonstrate for you how quick and exacting these birds can be.’
 ‘My brother hates this,’ Oreole said to Marmel with delight.  Cover was one of Oreole’s older brothers.
With a strange wave of Avel’s hand, the Fees all darted up at once.  Then they tumbled down to perch on a very unthankful Cover.  The Arlows then began to teeter on their branches, and one by one, tipped and fell on him.  Cover grimaced, with their claws digging into his shoulders, arms and back.
‘The Redro pick a 13 every year to keep an eye on Avel,’ Oreole instructed quietly to Marmel and Drumpit.  ‘They know he’s unwound.  He thinks he can teach people to fly.’ 
‘People can fly,’ Drumpit added grimly.  ‘They just go straight down and come to a sudden and final stop.’
‘True Drum.  That’s what they picked Cover for, and I think Avel knows it.’  Oreole pointed at his very unhappy brother, draped in grey, red and yellow birds.  ‘Avel is the best Birdman in High Forest.  But he’s been warned before.  They just don’t want anyone going over the cliff.’ 
 ‘Alright Cover, show them how you fly,’ Avel said triumphantly, getting out of his way.
With another wave of his hand, the Fees lifted off and circled above Cover.  Their beaks made a loud whirling noise as they tumbled around above him.  The Arlows still sat on top of him, refusing to move.
‘Normally I would,’ Cover said, aware of everyone staring at him. ‘But the wind…the wind isn’t right for flying today.’
Pausing with disappointment, Avel said, ‘Yes…of course.  Another time I suppose.’ The Fees quickly perched on Cover as he strained against the weight of all the birds.
 ‘If I were a little lighter I’d show you all myself,’ Avel said, looking deflated.  ‘You should have seen me glide along the grass, over this cliff and across the lake.’
The class was in awe.  Drumpit leaned over and pointed his finger down to the ground as Marmel and Oreole tried to hide their laughter.
‘Well,’ Avel said, changing the subject. ‘The other thing I wanted to show you was our birds’ abilities.  They are very good at dealing with the little creepy crawlies that would take you off your tree.’  He then awkwardly twiddled his fingers in front of his face in a bad interpretation of an insect.
Stopping with minimal laughter from the Tens, he pulled out a colourful bag at his feet and passed it to the class.  ‘I’m sure you all remember how to make an Ubva!’  Avel said with delight.
Most of the class groaned.  Ubvas were the favourite of the littlest children in High Forest.  They were simply a few twigs bound with ribbon to look like little crawling creatures.  Children would decorate and pull the toys behind them with string.  By now the Tens were tired of making them.  They were especially tired of pretending to be scared when kids ran at them with newly made Ubvas.
‘Now with one ribbon, make your Ubva,’ Avel directed.  
A small number of Tens giggled with delight while most stayed silent.  
‘Then tie the other ribbon to a bird sitting on Cover.  Obviously you will try and run and keep the Ubva away from the bird with your ribbon,’ Avel said, smiling and looking out of his left eye.
‘You won’t last long,’ he added.
Oreole and Drumpit were whispering happily beside Marmel.
‘Let’s tie all three of our ribbons to one of those woozy Arlows,’ Drumpit said, leaning over to Marmel.  ‘And then run in different directions and throw them over the cliff.’ 
‘I don’t know,’ Marmel replied, not wanting to cause trouble on his first lesson.
Drumpit grabbed Marmel’s other ribbon without asking again.
The Tens all approached Cover and carefully picked one of the many Fees or Arlows that perched on him.  Drumpit attached a red, a blue and a green ribbon to a very sleepy and grumpy looking Arlow.  Cover’s face looked even grimmer compared to all the ribbons now dangling off of him.
The Tens spread out over the Plateau, gathered their twigs and quickly made some fairly impressive Ubvas.
‘Over the cliff with them.  I’ll run to the north side,’ Drumpit stated, pointing to one edge.  His eyes slightly widened above half.
‘Good.  Me and Marmel will run for the east and split at the trees in front of Avel.  Let’s see that tubby Arlow catch all three at once,’ Oreole said.  Marmel looked unsure.  They spread themselves out in the middle of the Plateau, quite a distance from Cover and Avel.
‘Ready?’ Avel bellowed out.  The Tens stood to attention as the wind lightly moved the grass at their feet.   ‘Once you are all finished, raise them in the air.  Let’s see how long you last.
‘Oh, and keep them above your heads.  You don’t want the Fees or the Arlows searching for them in your shirt!’ Avel added.
 ‘And don’t run near the edge.  I haven’t taught any of you to fly yet!’ Avel ended.
Marmel shook his head, knowing they’d get in trouble for this.
A spattering of Tens raised their creations in the air.  Avel waved his hands and the Fees instantly lifted off Cover and into a whirling cloud above him.  To everyone’s surprise, the Arlows started to fly as well.  With their eyes mostly closed, the large round grey bodies seemed to bounce in the air in the middle of the tumbling and whistling Fees.  The cloud of Fees and Arlows then broke, each darting towards the Tens.
Drumpit, Marmel and Oreole ran for opposite edges, seeing the Arlows bob out of the swirl.  The Arlow with three ribbons honed in on Drumpit first.  He had a bumpy flight, as his small wings would powerfully lift his oversized body out of continuous drops.
The boys cut though the mash of other Tens, trying to run with their Ubvas above their heads.  The toys were quickly snatched by bobbing and whistling birds.
Drumpit was fervently running to reach the north side of the cliff.  The Arlow dropped in front of him and bounced off the air as he flapped his little wings.  Its claws snatched at the toy as Drumpit wound up, throwing sooner than he wanted.
As he stumbled to a stop, the broken pieces of his Ubva fell beside him.  Looking around he saw the Arlow now loop over in the direction of Oreole and Marmel, who split to avoid running straight at Avel and Cover and the tangle of trees behind them.   Oreole was reaching the east side as Marmel approached the south.  
Directing Cover over to Marmel, Avel swiftly moved to cut off Oreole from reaching the side of the cliff.
‘Away from the edge!’ Avel screamed at Oreole, unable to grab him as he ran past.  The twisted trees behind Avel trembled and shifted.
Feeling the bird swoop down, Oreole launched his Ubva over the cliff.  The Arlow flapped its small wings and caught it as it began to arc down toward the lake.
‘The edge Oreole!’ 
Most of the Tens came to a stop and looked, after Avel screamed for a second time.
Oreole had been so focused on avoiding Avel and the Arlow that he couldn’t slow down.  He scrambled to stop but lost his footing on the jagged rocks at the edge.  
‘No!’ The Tens seemed to say in unison.  Oreole tumbled over the edge in a cloud of dirt and stones. 
Marmel had stopped with the rest of the Tens.  Still holding his toy, he stood a few feet from the edge on the other side and watched full of horror.  
Then the earth began to move.  As Oreole tumbled over, Marmel could hear the cracking of the rocks around him and the earth starting to sift away under his feet.
Directed by the screaming Avel, the trees that clung to the edges of the cliff unwound themselves and moved towards where Oreole had just fallen.  But their roots held the rock face together more than Avel had guessed.  To the south of the trees, the earth cracked several feet back and began to slide. 
The ground underneath Marmel crumbled instantly.  His focus shifted from Oreole to the valley underneath him.  He felt weightless as he fell forward.  The ground disappeared.  The lake stretched out below him and Marmel focused on the shadowy figure of the great tree on the horizon.  
To his wonder, he was not falling.  With his feet barley touching the edge, his body hung straight out into the air.  Marmel was finally able to take a breath to scream.  He felt his shirt tighten as many Arlows clung to him to keep him from dropping.
With a great fluttering and scraping with their claws on his arms, shoulders and back, he was slowly pulled upright.  A firm hand gripped his shoulder and threw him down on more steady ground.
Cover stood sternly above Marmel.  Laying flat on the ground and trying to slow his breath, Marmel looked over to see Oreole struggling to climb over the ledge with the help of Avel.   Looking up he could see Cover’s face was drawn with anger and relief.  Arlows swirled over top of him and echoed his frustration.  
 At a loss, Cover said finally between heavy breaths, ‘You have to be more careful.’ 
The Arlow with the three coloured ribbons landed right beside Marmel.  It squawked disapprovingly.  Surprised that he was still holding his Ubva, the Arlow quickly took it out of Marmel’s hands and ripped it apart.  
Marmel looked again over to Oreole. He was laying in a similar position with a much less friendly Avel standing over him.  Behind Avel, the trees were slowly shifting back to secure the rest of the cliff from falling apart any further.

***

The next while before lunch, Oreole and Marmel spent cowering, in the middle of the plateau, under the intense stares and shouting of Avel.  Cover sat quietly some distance behind them.  He was looking up and obviously wanting this to be over. The rest of the Tens were silent, afraid of anything being directing at them.  The Fees and Arlows moved in a torrent above, as Avel came down on the two boys.  
He focused his shifting eyes more on Marmel, having said enough to Oreole after he pulled him up.  Some of what Avel was yelling couldn’t be understood. What Marmel did pick up made him wish he was at the bottom of the lake. ‘Your father didn’t...so you could fall off...lucky Cover...many Arlows...Redro will hear...not likely forget...never be an Arbres Ryder...your father...such recklessness...’
Finishing, Avel retreated back to his perch on the trees at the edge of the cliff.  Cover stood up to watch the Tens and tried to scatter away the Fees and Arlows that now constantly tried to land on him.
‘Now,’ Cover started, wanting to say something so it wasn’t so quiet. ‘The birds you will get tomorrow,’ he said, swatting away a whistling Fee, ‘they will lay them out in front of all of you.  Just put your hand to the ground and one will choose you.’
‘What do we do when we get them?’ Jolun bravely asked, seeing Avel a distance away, settling into his tree.
‘Simple,’ directed Cover.  ‘Keep them warm and keep them fed.  And never – ever – sit on your bird.’
A small murmur of laughter rippled though the Tens.  Marmel looked at the ground and knew the well-known story of Fredrick sitting on his Fee, bending its beak, the third day he got him.  The Fee never forgave him.  Once it could fly, it tumbled through the air making a strange vibrating noise with its bent beak.  It seemed to haunt Fredrick for months and swooped down to nip him when he wasn’t looking.  Fredrick still nervously looks around when he hears the vibrating whistle of his injured Fee overhead.  
The small laughter was broken up by the sound of slow rhythmic stomps along the ground.  The Tens turned around to see where the sound was coming from.   As the rhythm grew louder, trees at the edge of the forest began to move as though pushed aside.  Out of the shadows, a great tree and its Arbres Ryder could be seen approaching the plateau.





Chapter 3



Thumpers



The tree that skulked out of the forest was rough and old looking.  Its bark had fallen off in chunks and was full of moss.  The trunk was split unevenly at its base, in large and long winding cracks, to allow its slow bending strides.  
On its right side, one large gnarled lower branch was trimmed of all leaves and twisted at the end to a knotted club.  The tree slumped to one side as it approached, leaning on the thumper with each stride.  The remains of another thumper appeared on the tree’s left side, with only a few new branches extending from the socket of the one-armed colossus.  
The tree leaned to a stop in front of the Tens.  Just under its canopy of leaves, an old Arbres Ryder held to some branches and smiled down at them.  
He had a long body and his lightly decorated cotton shirt was cut just below his knees.  On a rope around his neck hung a piece of bark with a solemn carved face that matched his own.  But over his beard, loosely tied and flung over his shoulder, were eyes that looked down with delight at the children below him.  
‘So,’ he rang out as he started to descend, with the help of each branch of the tree. ‘Are there any Ubvas left?’
‘None,’ Avel growled loudly.  He was followed by a torrent of whistling and bobbing birds as he approached the Ryder from the far edge of the plateau.  ‘Some almost had a very short flight lesson this morning,’ Avel said, flashing a look at Marmel, Oreole and Drumpit as he walked past them.  
‘Indeed,’ the Ryder said slowly, looking at the three boys.  He stopped descending at the base of the thumper.  As Avel approached with what looked like a lot to say, the Ryder promptly stated, ‘Thank you Avel.  Your service in the first lesson every year is always greatly appreciated.’  Avel seemed to relax as he stopped at the base of the tree and looked up at the Ryder.
 ‘Thank you Cone,’ Avel answered, as most of his birds began to settle in the surrounding trees. ‘The Tens are yours to care for.  Keep a close watch on them.  They seem even more mischievous than last year,’ Avel finished.  Puffing up his chest, he walked briskly past the Ryder, down the sloping forest and out of sight.  While a scattering of Fees followed after, most whistled away in every direction.  The Arlows slept where they landed in the trees surrounding them.
A relieved looking Cover made a slight bow to Cone.  He then walked after Avel without much hurry.
After he nodded to Cover, Cone surveyed the Tens with a hint of a smile. ‘How was your first lesson?’
‘Well,’ Jolun said quickly. ‘We didn’t really learn anything.’
‘No?’ Cone said slowly. ‘What about the story?’
The Tens were silent, trying to remember it.
‘About the great tree and the bird that caught fire trying to save it,’ Cone prompted.
They still sat in silence
‘Sacrifice,’ Cone said impatiently. ‘That story is about sacrifice.  This is something that may be asked of you one day.’
‘And how did you make out with your Ubvas?’ Cone added.
Drumpit lifted up the mangled remains of his.
‘Good,’ Cone said with a smile. ‘Ubvas are for children.  You are obviously not little children anymore.  You will soon become something quite a bit more.’
‘But we didn’t really learn how to take care of the birds we will get tomorrow,’ Jolun added.
Looking at the girl, Cone replied, ‘taking care of any living thing is easy.  Give it care and it will give it back.’
‘Now, to my lesson,’ Cone said, tucking his falling beard back over his shoulder.  ‘Let’s make this quick so we can get on with the rest.  You will get a tree tomorrow.  Plant it somewhere safe and don’t forget where you planted it.’
The Tens made a quiet laugh.  
Marmel smiled, remembering Fredrick losing his sapling after the first day he planted it.  Fredrick stumbled across it months later, but the tree had gone so used to being left alone it had no wish to move.  Only with great struggle could Fredrick get it away from its roots.  Even then, it would just lie around or lean itself against another tree.  He became known as Fredrick with his walking stick. 
‘Now let’s go somewhere that you can’t fall quite so far,’ Cone said seriously to all the Tens.
Climbing again, he gestured for them to follow up the outstretched thumper to his tree.  They filed up behind him and took positions where webs of branches made it easy to hold on.  Marmel, Oreole and Drumpit stood above the torn joint of the tree, farther out than the rest of the Tens.  Most clustered around Cone, who stood below them comfortably in a u-shaped nook.  
‘I don’t get many chances to get this old Tolu away from its roots,’ Cone stated happily.  ‘We both look forward to this.
‘And you must all be hungry after a morning with Avel.’
The Tens looked at each other in silent agreement.  Through all the excitement they had forgotten about lunch.
‘Well, there will be something ready for you when you arrive.  We’ll have to hurry,’ Cone said as the tree started to lean backwards and slowly turn around.  They held on tighter as their weight shifted and the ground moved underneath of them.
With the plateau behind, the tree, plump full of Tens, faced down to the forest below.  It started to lurch forward, steadying itself with its long outstretched thumper with each step.
The three boys still stood near the edge of the branches, and could see the other trees bend back to make way for them.  The sleeping Arlows were undisturbed as the branches they slept on bended to get out of the way.
 ‘Hold on tight!’ Cone shouted through the sound of cracking branches and the pounding of the tree.  The Tolu was leaning so far over that Marmel thought it was about to fall.  Seeing how tightly the rest of Tens were holding on, he knew they felt the same.  Most had rarely been in a moving Tolu.   Children spent most of their days in the village or sleeping up in Tolens, the Watcher trees.  
As the three boys became used to the movement, Drumpit bravely extended himself out as far as he could.  Marmel and Oreole stayed in closer.  They didn’t want to risk falling, from any height, after what happened that morning.
Seeing Oreole favour his one side, Marmel asked, ‘What happened after you dove over that cliff?  Did the trees catch you?’ The two hadn’t had a chance to speak about it yet.  There wasn’t time in the moments Avel caught his breath, before he started yelling again.
‘No,’ Oreole said, more seriously than usual. ‘It was more of a pin than a catch.  One of the thorny roots hit me against the cliff on the way down.  Avel reached and grabbed me from there.’ Oreole lifted one side of his shirt.  It was bruised purple and red.  His front had scrapes where he was pressed against the rock.
‘I haven’t looked at my scrapes yet from all those Arlows clawing into me,’ Marmel said between the poundings of the Tolu.
‘Such recklessness you two,’ Drumpit added, smiling and leaning further out.  
Looking over at him, Oreole and Marmel remembered that it was his idea to throw the Ubvas over the cliff.  Drumpit was never yelled at and didn’t almost die like they did.  
Together they pushed his feet away from the branch he stood on.  He was leaning so far out that his legs swung and hit a bough of a passing tree.  Swinging his legs back he unsteadily grappled himself again and hugged one of the branches with both arms and legs.
He finally opened his eyes to see Marmel and Oreole standing beside him.  No longer trusting his smiling friends, Drumpit wisely held on tight to the bough.
The trail moved and flowed with the Tolu.  Hitting a patch of rocks and fallen logs, the upper branches unwound themselves to grapple around passing trees. It lifted itself over the obstacle and came down heavily on the other side.
Coming out from the path, Cone, and some relieved looking Tens, reached flatter ground and a wider trail.  The Tolu picked up speed and the Tens struggled to hang on.  
The path suddenly split off to lead upwards.  Marmel looked down at Cone.  Slightly swaying with the motions, he allowed his beard to fall and sway.  He was focused and leaned forward as the Tolu drove up the path.  The tree grabbed a few passing branches to leap over another rock blocking the way.  
When the tree started to march on steadier ground again, Drumpit loosened his feet from the bough and dangled as Marmel and Oreole helped him up.  Everything seemed a bit more even now.  
From the side of the tree the three boys leaned out to see a clearing.  The Tolu slowed to the edge of the glade and stopped, resting at an angle. 
‘We are here,’ Cone said firmly, gesturing for the grappled Tens to come down from their perches.  Slowly they climbed down and around Cone to walk out over the thumper to solid ground.  After the last of the Tens, Cone followed.  Flinging his beard again over his shoulder, he gestured for the class to follow.  
The clearing was large and almost perfectly round, with a patchwork of rock in the middle of the field.  And there, on one of the larger stones, an old man stood hunched and leaning forward.
As they walked towards him, the ground began to tremble.  The noise pounded and shook the Tens.  They tried to keep up with Cone, but he was moving too quickly to the centre of the clearing. 
The trees on the edges began to shake and crack.  Suddenly they were parted by a hundred Tolus emerging from all sides of the clearing.  Birds rose from the trees and swirled overhead, twisting some Tens as they tried to follow their path through the air.  The thumpers then smashed the ground in a deafening rhythm, sending the Tens to follow a little closer behind Cone.
The old man was extremely tall, even though he leaned heavily on his twisted walking stick.  He was dressed in a long blue and white robe that stretched down to nearly touch the ground.  On his chest was sewn a symbol of a tree and a flaming bird.  He was a most senior member of the Redro, but Marmel couldn’t remember his name.  His beard hung out below his waist and was knotted to divide in two.   
As Marmel approached behind Cone, he could see that the man was nearly blind.  His eyes were clouded as he strained to see the Tens.
With one long arm he made a gesture in the air and the pounding from the trees stopped.  Sounds of fluttering echoed as the birds landed beyond the glade.  The Tens could see the Ryders in the trees dismount and start to walk in their direction.  Some carried sacks or small barrels with them.
‘Welcome,’ the old man said to Cone in a powerful voice that did not match his appearance.  ‘Did they all make it through the lesson with Avel?’
‘They did,’ Cone said with a slow bow.  His hand stayed on his shoulder to keep his beard from falling. ‘We have a few very hungry and tired Tens here.  They are yours now, Solon.’
‘Splendid.  Go give that old Tolu of yours a rest.  It doesn’t have many walks left in it and needs to get back in its roots.’
With another bow, Cone left in the direction of his Tolu.
Looking in the general area of the Tens, Solon said with a smile. ‘Cone and that tree of his are much too old to be standing out here.  They are not as young as all of us.’ He leaned further out towards them.
The Tens smiled at the thought of Solon believing that he was as young as them.   
‘When I’m an old man, I’ll probably need a little more rest too,’ Solon added, raising his eyebrows.
The Ryders huffed as they approached Solon and the Tens.  Those carrying the sacks and barrels gently placed them on the ground in front of him.
Solon looked down at the offering.  The folds of the sacks fell to reveal an abundance of freshly baked bread, pears, apples and bags of dried fruit and nuts.  Cured meats were salted and spiced.  Some of the barrels were labelled as water.  Others were marked with dates and were kept farther away from the Tens.
‘Looks like we have lunch,’ Solon said with warmth. ‘We have an afternoon planned so you need your energy.  I’m still growing myself, so I’m quite hungry.’

***

The day was breaking as Marmel ran alone down a path towards his father’s tree.  An orange light streamed between the boughs and the air started to grow colder.  
The afternoon had been fantastic.  Over lunch, he had never met and talked to so many Ryders before.  They spoke at length about their Tolus and answered any questions that he had.  Marmel was especially interested in the war trophies they wore around their necks.  One of the best was the scales of a Ransor that Nuv wore.  The Ransor was a large creature with a shell that no thumper could crack. 
‘It was far too big and dangerous for anyone to try and flip over themselves,’ Marmel recalls her saying, ‘so we thought.’
‘You thought,’ an older and very decorated Ryder named Brufle corrected.   
‘Right.  I thought to cut some of our thumpers down to flat points and turn them into flippers instead.’
‘You should have seen those beasts kicking the air on their backs.  It still makes me laugh,’ Brufle added.  
When talking about the war, Brufle made a point to speak to Marmel about his father.  ‘I never walked beside him, but I heard that he was very brave.  He’s remembered as a great man Marmel.’  While he wished he knew more, it still made him feel better.
After lunch, the Ryders brought out their Tolus for the Tens to ride in the clearing.  The trees seemed much fitter than the Tolu they came in on.  Nuv let Marmel ride hers.  Her Tolu had two thumpers that were carved to look like the flow of water all the way up to the base.  It then meshed into a mosaic on the trunk that was worn down to be hardly noticeable.  The trunk was thick and mossy.  It puffed and hardened in places where it had been deeply wounded.  Marks of fire could still be seen around the very bottom and on some of the upper branches.  
Nuv was beautiful.  While she was shorter than some of the other Ryders, she had soft dark features and hair that fell below her shoulders.  She looked alight around Marmel and the other Tens, enjoying talking to them and teaching Marmel how to ride. 
Marmel got Nuv’s Tolu almost running across the field as he became more comfortable with it.  She watched as he pounded around the field though swarms of Tens in their unsteady trees.  The trees mostly used their thumpers to balance against the uneven steering of the young Ryders.  Marmel could remember the feeling of power beneath his feet, managing to bring down one of his thumpers at the foot of Drumpit and Oreole’s Tolu.
Still overjoyed from the day of experiencing the speed and power of High Forest, Marmel whirled through the path.    The low sun cut through the forest in blades, revealing the particles swirling in the air around him.  
He found himself visiting this father’s tree more often than before.  He was drawn to its quiet space and the feeling of connection and warmth after spending time there.
The trail led downwards to meet two trees.  They marked an entrance to a clearing under a canopy of leaves.  The Ancients, the moving trees of old, were spaced evenly around one immense tree in the centre. The tree had carvings far up its worn and cracked base. It stood in this place in memory of those who never returned from war.
Marmel carefully navigated between the Ancients.  Some were rotted and fallen, with the memory of those who laid beneath them long forgotten.  Others were old, but still had leaves sprouting from their boughs.  Marmel came to an area more recently cleared.  Spaced throughout were rows of silent and deeply damaged Tolus.
Slowly walking between them, Marmel came to a stop.  He put his long sleeves behind his back as he looked up at his father’s tree.  New branches sprouted from the sockets where the thumpers had been hacked away.  Moss now covered the burnt bark that stretched above his father’s perch.  Marmel sat beside the tree and leaned against it.  The slight wind shifted the leaves overhead, but the tree made no movement as he rested his head against it.  
When he came here, he always tried to think of the good memories with this father.  Most often he would think of their long quiet hikes around the lake, the fires at night and talking to him under the cold night air.

***

Marmel emerged from the quiet spot and saw Fredrick standing alone and looking up at the centre tree.  He had just carved a small inscription, as high as he could reach.  Fredrick’s father and his Tolu were never seen after the ending of the war.  
Fredrick wrapped the blade of his knife in some cloth and carefully placed it in his pocket.   The blade was a dark green obsidian crystal.  It was clear and speckled with white flakes near the sharp end of the blade.  Fredrick rarely showed it.  He had owned the knife for a long time and was used to keeping it hidden.  Obsidian blades were exceedingly sharp and not allowed to be held by children.
Fredrick noticed Marmel approach as he was turning to leave.   He smiled and said, ‘so, did you manage to keep away from Avel?’ Marmel then sheepishly told him about the cliff.  
Pausing for a minute as they wound their way out around the Ancients, Fredrick added with fake seriousness, ‘Well, you didn’t have to be that far away from him.  Twenty feet would do.  You don’t have to be at the bottom of the lake.’
‘Thanks Fred,’ Marmel replied flatly, still feeling the scratches on his arms and shoulders. 
They walked back together to the village, with Marmel telling mostly about riding on the thumping Tolus.  After he finished, Fredrick pretended like he was going to say something.  Instead, he darted out in front and down the trail with a laugh.  Their usual race back towards the village never began with a fair start.  Marmel happily followed behind.  
The brightest stars bent their light through the deepening evening sky.  Between the trees, clusters of glowing flowers illuminated the village ahead in yellow, green and white.  The low and happy murmur of people preparing for the Festival echoed through High Forest.  




i



High Forest, 4 years before
Marmel’s father surveyed everything they would need for their hike.  Just off the path, he had stopped one last time to check the supplies.  They were all laid out in front of him on a large patched sheet.  Beside him, a 6-year-old Marmel waited impatiently after being woken up so early.  He flapped his long sleeves rhythmically against his sides and sang a tuneless song between yawns.  His father tried to ignore him, and focused to make sure they didn’t forget anything.
It was fall in High Forest.  Leaves were turning yellow, orange and red and slowly fell around them as they stood.  They were both covered in cloaks for warmth against the chilled morning air.  It was quiet, as most still slept in trees high above them.     
Marmel’s father was tall and athletic.   He had brown curly hair tied in the back and the same unusual green eyes of his son.   His expression also never changed much.  While he was usually a more serious man than most, his mood always improved on these hikes with Marmel. 
Looking at the supplies, he figured it was all there.  There was a small barrel of fresh water, a clay cooking pot and cups, a sealed container with a date stamp, dried tea leaves, blankets, a wooden fire drill, tinder box and a large obsidian knife.  On another smaller sheet was thinly woven string that was wound and tied together beside an assortment of carved fishhooks.  He also included some dried fruit and meat in case the fish weren’t biting.
Looking up, Marmel’s father decided not to pack any cover for the night.  The air was cool and still and the sky was clear.  It was unlikely to rain, but if it did he knew where they could take shelter.
He carefully folded up the sheet with the fishhooks and string and placed the package with the rest of the supplies.  He took the knife and wrapped it in a cloth and tucked it under his belt.  Finally, he folded up the large patched sheet and tied the bundle at the top.
Lifting the sack carefully, he placed it on a stubby tree beside them.  The tree was shorter than Marmel, but three times as thick.  It was cut to have a flat surface on the top and branches extending from the sides.  The tree bent its branches to secure the package from falling.
Stopping, Marmel’s father looked at his son, still flapping his arms and singing quietly.
‘Ready to go songbird?’ he asked.
Not realizing he had been singing, Marmel stopped and slowly nodded.
‘Good.  Lead the way Marmel.’ 
With Marmel in front, his father followed the stubby tree as it teetered behind his son.  Their trail quickly veered into a larger one that led to the south.  This path was wider than most, as it led to the main entrance of High Forest.  Tall white Tolen trees were set on either side of the path by the hundreds.  
As they came closer to the entrance, Marmel noticed that the brush behind the pillared trees becoming dense and thorny.  Jagged, twisted and overgrown trees intertwined to form a wall around the edge of the forest.
Marmel and his father quietly walked.  Their breaths puffed under their hoods and the small tree made squeaking and cracking noises as it plodded along.  Each white Tolen towered over them.  Their rows reached down into the distance to end with two ancient trees.  Marmel could see many Watchers in their branches, talking to one another and looking south over the plains.  
As they approached, one portly Watcher waved and began to climb down to greet them.  
‘One last day of fishing before the frost I suppose,’ the Watcher said from a few branches up.
They stopped and waited while he descended the final boughs and landed with a thud in front of them. He was a man about Marmel’s father’s age, but with a smile hidden under a thick red beard.   He pushed his hood back as he looked kindly at Marmel.  He had scruffy hair and his eyes looked delighted.  Marmel was doing his best not to yawn in front of him.
‘Yes Brax, one last day of fishing.  Based on this cold, it would seem so,’ his father replied.
‘You can feel winter start to bite you in these trees at night,’ Brax said, rubbing his hands together.
‘Good.  It’s the best way to keep you awake.’
‘Ha!’ Brax laughed from his belly.  ‘The Redro would string us if we did that.’
Leaning over Marmel, Brax said a little more seriously, ‘Marmel, mind your dad on the hike.  I’ve seen some shadowy sightings out there at night.’
‘Don’t scare him Brax.’
‘I just don’t want anyone being grabbed while they sleep.’
‘Marmel, no one is going to grab you when you sleep.  He’s only teasing you.’
‘Well, do stay close to the trail.  There has been movement in the southern plains.  Those wolf people, the Lys, say they’ve seen more Arach Ryders and their swarms near the desert of Nun and the eastern hills of Alon.’
‘That is far from here Brax.  And the Lys like to tell their stories.  I’ll believe that when I see one.’
‘Besides,’ Marmel’s father said, looking at his son, ‘the Arach Ryders know better than to come near the two of us.’
Marmel smiled and nodded at his dad.
‘I bet those Arachs are telling each other to stay away from that lake next to High Forest,’ his father said in a serious tone. ‘They heard that the most terrifying Marmel and his equally monstrous father were ripping fish out of the lake with hooks and bare hands.’
 ‘Ha!’ Brax bellowed again.  ‘I wouldn’t doubt it.  Enjoy the walk and see you when you get back.  I’d better get back up there.  Yori was telling a good story about having tea with a snow-covered man when he scaled the mountains of Ni-Reech.  I don’t believe a word, but he’s a good storyteller,’ Brax said as he started to climb.
‘We’ll see you again,’ Marmel’s father said, moving past him and through the narrow opening between the giant trees.  
‘Marmel the terrible,’ Brax bellowed from a few branches up.  ‘One more thing.  Don’t let your dad take you in Drie forest on the eastern edge of the lake.  It’s haunted you know.’
Marmel turned and looked at him blankly as Brax gave a wave and happily bounded up the massive tree.  Marmel looked up at his father as they walked down the grassy slope to the lake far down below.  The stubby tree carefully gripped its sack, leaned backwards and stepped slowly with its cracked trunk.
Looking down at Marmel, he paused for a minute and said, ‘The only things in that forest are stories and old trees.  Now let’s keep a good pace,’ his father said, changing the subject.  ‘We have a lot of ground to cover before lunch.’
The path wound down and out of sight to wrap around the lake below them.  Marmel unknowingly began to hum his tuneless song again as his father did his best to ignore it.



Chapter 4



The Southern Plains



Nova rested her head on Ash as he panted under the sun.  They had taken some shelter under one of the few windswept trees that dotted the plains, and waited for her father and the clan to return.  She had stayed behind after they saw something to hunt in the valley.  Nova and her father’s clan had been riding for days.  They were to reach High Forest for the festival.  After one more night they would enter the forest city that she had only heard about.
Nova was a young girl with blue grey eyes and wavy blond hair.  Like the other Lys, she had earthy fabric wrapped many times around her.  The cloth hung loosely in wide strips from her shoulders, elbows and waist.  Resting on Ash, the loose pieces were scattered over him and on the ground.  Smaller colourful strands were intricately woven to create patterns on her chest, upper arms and back.  An image of a stretched-out bird could be seen under her folded hands.
She was inseparable from her aging Volt, Ash.  Volts were immense wild dogs that had been tamed by the Lys.  They were large enough to be ridden on for the hunt, or carry loads across the plains.  Ash had been bred as a war Volt for Nova’s father, Bale.   
Nova was seven when Bale gave Ash to her.  After the fighting ended, Ash was too worn and old for him to use anymore. She remembered first climbing on his back and gripping onto his faded red fur.  She felt like a bird on an elephant.   Soon after, his eyes started to cloud and he preferred to walk with Nova guiding him.  He learned to trust the small tugs on his fur from the tiny figure resting on his shoulders and neck.
Seeing some kicks of dust in the distance, Nova stood up to look at the horizon.  Feeling Nova stand, Ash stood up and towered over her.  He shuffled slowly over until he could feel where she was.  Nova turned and grabbed his fur to climb on top of him and nestled her head between his ears.  With a small tug she nudged him out from the shadow of the tree.  
The dust whirled out from the sides of the group as they pounded towards Nova.  She could hear her father’s great black Volt snarl as he led the rumbling clan.  Bale’s short shaven head could be seen above his Volt’s ears.  The large and long pieces of loose fabric furled and arched behind him.
The whirling fabric of the clan’s clothes stung the air as the Volts thundered with their Ryders.  Some rusted spears were held high.  Nova knew it must have been a successful hunt.  
They roared to a stop in front of her.  The Ryders were dusted and restless with their faces flush from the sun and the long ride.  The lines of their fabric lay across the ground.  The men looked like smaller versions of her father with their short shaven heads.  The women rode with hair long and freely braided.  Several game were laid out on some of the Volts in the back of the group.  Their bodies were tied just in front of the Ryders with their antlers cut off.
Closely behind her father, on a dark brown Volt, sat Stath, his Captain.  The pattern on his chest was rhythmic and not of anything in particular.  On his back was a large book tied with leather strapping.  It was worn and overflowed with pages stuffed into it.  His thick dark hair was not cropped like the rest of the men, but left to grow and then cut short with jagged edges.  He was usually without expression with his eyes never wandering and always fixed.  
Bale was still pacing with his Volt in front of the Ryders.  He stared at Nova with his sharp blue eyes.  A scar could be seen starting under his left ear, running over his throat and down out of sight under the multiple folds of fabric.  His clothing was woven the most intricate of all, with a pattern of the sun stretching across his chest.  
‘Nova,’ Bale called to her.
Nova still sat just behind Ash’s neck, and looked at them between his large ears.  Hearing the sound of Bale’s voice, Ash startled excitedly for his old Ryder.  Nova gripped tighter and slouched a little lower to hide in his fur.  
In the distance, behind her father and his Ryders, there appeared a hulk of fur slowly snarling towards them.  Their hideous growls snapped and echoed through the air.  Hearing them, Ash started to growl as well.
Bale dismounted and walked slowly towards her and Ash.  Making a sound to calm his old Volt, Ash bowed his head low and responded to the familiar touch at the top of his head.
‘You know they are not coming near Nova,’ Bale said, looking behind him.  ‘I made a promise to your mother about that.’
Nova stayed silent, not feeling comfortable to see the Consumed, even at a distance.  Other Volts behind her father moved nervously, hearing the snapping noises behind them.
‘Besides, you should not be afraid of them.  You knew them when they were Ryders,’ Bale said softly and close to his daughter.
Nova nodded into Ash’s fur.
Her father paused, with his hand still touching the top Ash’s head.  Nova could see frustration line Bale’s face.
‘Why did I take you along Nova?’  Bale said quietly.  ‘So you could sit in the shade with him?
 ‘You choose to sit here with this old blind Volt,’ he whispered as he put his hand around Ash’s ear.  ‘You should be coming with us for the hunt.’  Ash let out a yelp and bent in pain.  Bale was crushing his ear.  Nova tried to wrap her arms around Ash, wanting her father to stop.
‘Maybe I should have left you home with the rest,’ Bale said as he let go.  Ash rose slightly, but still looked at the ground.
The Lys behind her father watched as he turned back toward them.  Their Volts shuffled out of his way and he moved to reach one of the mounted game they had killed that day.  Putting his hand gently behind one of the Volt’s, he led it over to his daughter.  Bale forcefully pushed the game’s head to slide off and land in front of her.  The animal landed awkwardly with its head bent upwards.  Looking down at it, Nova could see two large gashes on the neck and behind its leg.
‘If I can’t keep you away from Ash to bring you along with us, then at least I can teach you to prepare the meat and the hide.’
Nova looked up from the game at her feet.  Past Bale and the Ryders, she could see the outlines of the snarling hairy figures a little closer than before.

***

It was night on the Southern Plains and Bale, Nova and the Ryders rested in front of a large fire after spending the afternoon preparing the game.  The moon was near full and was bright enough to fade the stars around it.  The firelight danced on the glowing tents behind them as the clan silently ate the roasted game.  Nova rested on a sleeping Ash next to her father and wandered in her own thoughts.
‘Stath, I’d like to chronicle the last war,’ Bale said between the slapping sounds of chewing on a half-cooked piece of meat.  Stath sat facing Bale with his large bound book lying open on his lap.  Leaning into the book, he started writing as Bale spoke.  
 ‘I haven’t seen anyone from High Forest since the war ended three years ago.  Since we’re arriving there tomorrow, I thought it would be a good time to start,’ Bale continued.    ‘That forest must be just children and old men after everyone we lost.  They are at least worth a remembering.’
Stath edged a little out of his book and said, ‘Where would you like to begin Bale?’
‘With a burning tree,’ he said without hesitation.
Focusing on his daughter beside him, Bale instructed, ‘Are you listening to this Nova?’ 
She looked at him in response.
‘You are a part of a chronicling.  All the great events of the ages have been written down by the Ly people like this.  Nova, remember that we are the keepers of the written word in this illiterate land.  Without us, people would forget what has happened.’
Nova nestled in closer to Ash, having heard this many times before.
‘The burning tree,’ Bale started again, looking away from his uninterested daughter.  Stath quickly began writing.  ‘It was in the old ruins northeast of here in the ancient city of Do-Num.  There was a tree that sat in the centre that stretched higher than any I have seen.
‘One night I looked in that direction and a pillar of light dotted the horizon.  The next morning you could see the column of black smoke.  I think it burned for three days.
‘We knew there was only one thing that we could see burn from that far away.  At first we thought the tree must have caught fire from lightning.  Those tree sleepers in High Forest were terrified it was a bad omen.  I guess they have some myth about a burning tree.  That it was the start of a Gathering.
‘They were so smug when it turned out they were right.’ Bale said, reaching for more food.  ‘We started getting word of lines of creatures coming out of every hole in the ground, rotten tree and cave.  They were marching from everywhere to that fire.  They came out of the desert and the mountains and even slithered out of the ocean.’  
‘People that lived near Do-Num said the city moved from all the creatures,’ Stath added without looking up.
‘From what they could see, they crawled and wrapped over every part of it,’ Bale replied.  ‘The rest of it no one could see from the clouds of flyers.  The endless sounds of ticking, scratching and screeching drove people who lived near far away from it.  A few families passed by our clan.  When we spoke to them they said that the city was feeding on itself.  The bugs and beasts just consumed each other and never left the city.
‘We thought that they would just kill each other off.  And remember the hunt?  There were thousands of game out here.  All the predators were gone.  They were all in that city.  We were the only ones left on the plains.  
‘We also thought they’d all die in the cold winter.’ Bale said looking around.  Nova and the other Ryders still listened as they stared into the fire.  Ash slept comfortably under Nova.
‘Most of them did,’ Bale continued.  ‘When the cold winds started and the clan moved south, I took a few Ryders to Do-Num with some furs to keep warm.’
‘We didn’t take enough furs.’ Stath said bravely.
 Bale paused, but Stath didn’t look up from his writings.
‘They were all frozen when we arrived,’ Bale said slowly.  ‘Some of the beasts and bugs were still wrapped around the city’s columns.  It was hard to walk from all of them lying on the ground.  Most were eating or being eaten when winter snapped its fingers and froze the city.
‘Somewhere underneath the city they must have had some sleepers and their eggs.  We searched for their burrows, but couldn’t find them.  It was so thick with snow and all their frozen bodies.  When we left to meet up with the clan in the desert, we passed some people returning to their homes in the villages around it.
‘They had heard that it was safe to return,’ Stath added.
‘After the snow broke,’ Bale said, talking over him.  ‘We gathered another hunting party to search the city again.  We didn’t have time to wait for it to dry.  It was a wet and cold trip, but they were all in one place.  We thought it would be easy to nip a few as they crawled out of their holes. We didn’t want them getting back to the plains again to kill off our game. 
‘When we arrived, the hills underneath Do-Num were transformed.  There was a sea of beasts and creatures I had never seen.  Some looked like those that crawled out of the ground the fall before.  They looked like a mixture cooked together over the winter.
 ‘The people in the villages nearby were gone.  I’d like to think that they had moved on before the city swelled and overflowed.’  
‘I remember you could see some of the broken framing of their buildings peeking out,’ Stath said as he stopped writing for a moment.  ‘It looked like the only thing left.’ 
Bale paused and continued.  ‘They weren’t killing each other like we had heard the fall before.  They were in this swirl,’ Bale said, making a motion to explain.
‘When we started to turn away, we saw someone descend from the city.  It was an Arach Ryder.  You usually see the Consumed faced down, but he was arched up with his arms stiff to his sides.  He looked upwards with his jaw hanging from his face.  The spider he was on was this reddish brown colour, with the Ryder sitting behind all its eyes and teeth at the front.’
‘And when it moved,’ Stath said, ‘you could see these small lines stringing out around it.’
‘Yes.  The Arach walked right into that teaming pit.  He sent lines of silk in a circle around him and the beasts and insects seemed to calm with the touch.  
‘When he reached the middle he raised his hand,’ Bale said, raising his hand slightly.  ‘He then motioned over all of them.  They rippled.  They rippled like someone throwing a stone in the middle of the lake.  Even the flying swarms spun with the smallest direction.’  
Bale paused and stared at the fire.  It was dying with a few sputters of flames extending from the coals.
Stath finished his writing and looked up at Bale.  
‘Let’s continue another time soon,’ Bale said as he rose.  ‘One night in the festival maybe.’ Lingering for a moment, he turned and walked to the illuminated tents behind them and disappeared into the largest one.  Slowly the rest of the Ryders followed, letting their Volts lie by the dimming fire as they scattered into their tents.  
Stath took out a lid and fitted it tightly on the top of the ink jar.  He closed his book and laid it beside him.  Taking out a piece of cloth, he carefully wrapped the feather and placed it inside the book before binding it again.
Nova looked up to notice that it was just her and Stath surrounded by the Volts.  Ash was still fast asleep and breathing deeply.  She could tell he was dreaming by the little growl sounds he made between breaths.  She had been staring into the fire and didn’t notice everyone leave.  Her father had told her the story before and she had drifted off into her own thoughts.
‘You had better follow your father for some rest.  We should arrive in High Forest tomorrow.  It will be a long ride and a late night,’ Stath said to Nova.
‘What is it like there?’
‘Like everything you’ve heard.  It’s full of strange people and old friends.  But you will see tomorrow, unless Bale catches you awake and out of your tent still.  Then you may not see another morning.’
Nova hid a smile and stood up, wrapping the fur blankets around her tightly.  The cold touched her legs and sent her in a shiver.  Ash woke and stiffly rose as he sniffed the air for her.  She gently reached upwards to pat him behind his ear.
Nova led him around the fire.  As she passed Stath he gestured a goodnight to her.  Nodding, she quickly walked to the small tent beside her father’s.  After giving a pat to Ash, Nova crouched uncomfortably into the tent and thought that she had outgrown it.  Ash quickly flumped down at the entrance and started to breathe deeply again.
Inside, a glowing white flower was potted and sat in the corner.  The floor was covered in furs and she tucked herself underneath a few of them.  Books were scattered by her head.  They were of various sizes and looked like the one Stath was writing in with leather straps and loosely cut pages.  They had titles like Poems of the First Age, Great Tales and A Girl & Her Monster.   
Her very favourite book now was King So-Kai and the Terror.  She had started to read it after she heard that the people of High Forest made it into a children’s play for the festival.  The mythical King So-Kai was a popular subject to write about.  There were many books, plays and epic poems about him.  This one was set when he fell in love with the daughter of his rival, King Bubo.  To keep So-Kai away from her, Bubo awoke a monster called the Terror.  When Nova last read, the Terror had turned on them all.  Nova was excited to see it all in the play.  She wanted to read on, but just felt too tired.
Nova covered the glowing flower with a sheet and the tent became dimly lit.  She looked at Ash sleeping at her feet.  Nestled further into her soft fur blankets, she started to drift into a dream.

***

Nova woke to silence.  Ash’s usual little growls were gone.  The air in the tent flattened in her lungs as she lay motionless.  He was always near her and Ash being gone weighed heavily in her stomach.  Closing her eyes, she sat up, wrapped one of the blankets around her and reached to take the sheet off the flower.  Looking again, it shone grimly inside the tent.
She braced and sat up on her knees and slowly leaned out of the entrance.  The embers of the fire were still cooling and the dimly lit tents rested all around her.  Not seeing Ash, she stood up just outside and tightened the furs around her again.  It was difficult to see beyond the tents.   The moon had bowed below the horizon, leaving hazy stars to light the ground.  Nova wished to call out for Ash, but didn’t want to wake anyone.
The air still felt heavy as she thought of what to do.  She reached back into her tent and grabbed the flower in the corner.  Bringing it back out, it glowed even brighter.  Everything around her reflected the soft white light.  Her eyes fell far away on a large lump of fur in front of a wall of darkness.  Nova quickly ran to it.  
She could hear Ash’s low growls as she approached him.  He was crawling backwards on his stomach, unable to see into the night in front of him.  She swept over Ash and touched him behind his ears, but he would not stop growling.
‘Ash, come on.  Let’s go back,’ she whispered.  He continued to snarl and crawl backwards.  She pulled on his fur and looked back to the shadowed outline of her tent.  When she looked back to Ash, she saw the darkness move.  His growls grew louder as the outline of a beast skulked towards them.  Its hungry breath swallowed the air.
Nova stopped in a fearful still.  Drawing a breath, she slowly climbed onto him and tried to silently direct Ash back to the circle of tents.  He wouldn’t move.  He started to show his teeth and anger flashed within his eyes.
With another step, the creature came out under the curtain of darkness.  It was one of the Consumed Volt Ryders that haunted the clan across the plains.  The light of her flower sent an unnatural aura around its body.  It was covered in pale, knotted fur.  Its yellow eyes widened with rage as teeth dripped sharply from its mouth.  On its back rested a figure, covered with the same fur.  But it would not show its face.  It held onto a spear, dangling from its side and dragging on the ground.
With her terror gripping onto Ash, she pulled back hard to get him to move.  Ash stirred from the ground and was ready to pounce.  The figure on the beast moved with a shiver.  Pale white eyes shone back at them as it raised its head and spear at Ash.
Ash’s fur was twinned and he growled fiercely with Nova still huddled on top of him.  The Consumed didn’t move but held the stare in open rage.  Pulling hard, Nova got Ash to move slowly backward.  The light from the flower flooded back over the beast until it was again hidden behind the darkness.
Nova felt something behind her.  She turned and saw her father looking grim under his own blankets and flanked by both his Volt and a fully dressed Stath.  Behind Bale, the outlines of the other Lys could be seen in front of their tents.
He grabbed Nova and threw her onto his shoulder, dropping her blanket.  After he pounded back and put Nova down in front of her tent, the flower fell beside her.  The light from the ground shone under his face.  He looked terrifying.
Pointing inside her tent, he whispered, ‘this is not one of your books Nova.  This is not a story about a little girl alone on an adventure with her blind dog.  You don’t leave your tent at night unless I come and get you.  Do you understand?’
As Nova nodded and shivered from the cold, Stath came up slowly and handed her her blanket.  Bale left back to his tent and Stath walked out of sight in the direction of the Consumed.  She saw the other Lys disappear into their tents to leave Nova alone in a crumple on the ground.  Ash was a distance away, sniffing around and looking for her.  She made a silent call and he came over.  She reached up and touched him behind the ear and he rested his giant face beside hers.  Ash lay down in front of the tent and Nova climbed over top of him to enter.  She moved her fur blankets beside him and curled up to try and calm herself enough to sleep.  



Chapter 5



A Watermelon and his Monster



It was cool and clear as the Lys slowly marched north the next morning.   A layer of frost could be seen in the shadows of trees and hills on the plains surrounding them.  High Forest reached upwards in the hazy blue distance ahead.  
The Lys encircled and paced with the Volts lumbering under heavy burden.  They carried traveling supplies for the trade of dried meat, fur pelts and spices.  The Ryders also looked weighed down.  Each had a large flat bag filled and laid out over folded fur pelts on the backs of their Volts.  On almost all you would also find a rusted spear covered and mounted beside the Ryder.  
Nova was not like the rest of her clan.  She had no spear and her bag was almost filled with books.  To make room for them all, she laid what little personal items she had between the pelts in front of her.  Even with all the space she made, the bags were stuffed so tightly you could almost read the titles through the canvas.  Poems of the First Age, the largest one she had taken from home, was regrettably packed last in the morning.  There was no room so it stuck out too far.  Nova now had to have her hand on it to stop it from falling on the ground.
   With one hand on the book, Nova rested on the back of Ash’s neck and tried to keep an eye forward.  She would gently tug on his fur if he were to wander.  Nova rode well behind her father and near the back of the lumbering group.  Stath was to Bale’s right, and directed the clan with his orders.  
Daring again to look behind her, there was nothing but the tall grasses waving in the wind.  She couldn’t see any of the Consumed or hear their snaps or low muffled growls like the day before.  After last night, Bale must have instructed them to stay far enough away to remain out of sight.  She still felt uneasy, knowing they continued to follow them.   
Nova put her head back down between Ash’s ears and couldn’t help but overhear Stath and Bale talking about boring things.  Since seeing High Forest on the horizon that morning, their conversation moved to trade.  Every year they traded for dried fruit, cloth and most importantly, obsidian.   She had often heard that deep in High Forest there was a mine filled with the glimmering rock.  Obsidian was rare in this part of the world.   It was highly prized not only for jewellery, but also for tools and weaponry.  Fractured, it was still immensely strong with very sharp and jagged edges.  But because the people of High Forest did not like to trade for their obsidian, the Lys were forced to use sharpened animal bones or metals that rusted too quickly.  
‘If they would only trade for that rock,’ Bale said loudly to Stath.  ‘This year I will bring them to reason and open up that mine for everyone.’
‘It would take a lot of what we have for any of it,’ replied Stath.  ‘The hunt was not as good as last year.  We need to make sure we trade what we have for enough supplies before the winter.’
Nova could hear a slash of anger in her father’s voice.  ‘If they would open up the mine, there would be enough obsidian for everyone.  I’ve heard if you go in there at the right time of day you are blinded by its reflection off the sun.  That’s how much there is,’ Bale said flatly.  Nova noticed Stath stayed silent.  He must be reading Bale’s irritable mood.
‘And who is in charge of it all?’ Bale continued.  ‘So-Vah, the sleepy king of High Forest.  Since the war, the festival has been the same every year.  He sleeps all day and only wakes up for the dinner and partying at night.  He shows no interest in the trade.’
Stath remained in silent agreement and Nova stopped listening to the one-sided conversation.  Still laying her head on Ash, she closed her eyes and loosened her hold onto the large book at her side.  After a few steps Ash stumbled.  Nova lost her hold on the book and tried to stop it from falling to the ground.  Bale looked over to see his daughter reach down and turned his Volt toward her to help.  Ash stumbled again and Nova could not hold onto it.  The book was sent fluttering and landed on the ground.  Before she could stop and dismount, Bale rode up alongside, stepped down and picked it up. 
‘Poems of the First Age,’ he said, reading the cover.  They had not spoken since the night before and he seemed to be trying his best to be friendly to her.  She wondered if he was still angry with her for leaving the tent.  ‘This is one of your bigger books.  You should have put it in the bottom of the bag instead of the top.’
Nova looked embarrassed at the overstuffed bag of books strung across Ash.
‘Do you mind if I hang onto to it?’ Bale said, flipping through the pages and straightening out some that had creases from the fall.  ‘It would be a more comfortable ride if you didn’t have to hold onto this the rest of the way.
‘I have some room in my bag,’ he said still working on straightening a badly folded page.  ‘We can make room in yours when we get to High Forest.  Besides, I wouldn’t mind reading at little.  I haven’t read some of these for a long time.’
Nova stayed quiet, not wanting to risk upsetting her father as he drifted back over the pages.  Bale closed the book and reached up with his one free hand to mount his Volt again.  He looked up for a moment at the clan slowly moving away in front of them.  Nova thought he wanted to say something to her, but he finally just nudged his Volt forward.  
Hearing the movement, Ash started to march.  She could see Bale drifting forward from her as he opened the book and started to read.  Beyond him, the columns of trees from High Forest were losing their blue haze.  Nova thought she could see stripes of colour hanging from their branches.  Looking down again, she focused more on the uneven ground to make sure Ash didn’t stumble.  

***

Nova and Ash were surrounded by the noise of crowds waiting at the entrance to High Forest.  A long red flag hung down from a branch high above her head.  She watched it twist slightly in the wind and noted all the other coloured flags.  They hung on each large tree around the outside of the forest.  Nova looked at each one and saw plainly dressed people above them, leaning out from branches and watching everyone below them.  
Bale had led her clan up the steep slope and though throngs of people to the entrance.  As they went through the crowds, the Ryder in front of her gave Ash a guide rope to hold onto between his teeth.  Nova felt safer being towed through the crowds on the incline.
At the foot of the hill before High Forest, people had gathered from many days walk.  Hunched under a variety of wide brimmed hats, they hand-pulled carts filled with vegetables, fruits, tapestries and decorative art to trade at the festival.  Under Nova and Ash was a sea of hats, hustling this way and that, and making room for the large Volts to enter the forest gate.  The gate was two immense trees huddled closely together.  People funnelled almost one by one through the tight space. 
From high up, Nova could see the plains stretch out behind her.  Down below, a large calm lake lay under the eastern slope of the forest.  It was rounded but came to a point on the opposite side to flow through another smaller forest and out of sight.  Even from her distance she saw that many of the trees in the small forest were dead.  Their twisting leafless branches fell into one another to create a something mangled and lifeless.
‘These flags are impossibly long’ Stath said, suddenly beside her. 
Nova had not noticed him come over through the crowds.  She smiled and looked up again and said, ‘How did they make them all?’
‘It’s all from cotton.  They are good at growing things here.’
‘I hope we can stay for a little while,’ Nova said, looking at the people high up in the trees.
‘They are very friendly here,’ Stath replied, smiling and giving a wave to one of them.
Seeing the person wave back, Nova paused and said, ‘Are there lots of kids here?’
‘Many.  Quite a few of them should also be in costume today.’
‘Why are they wearing costumes?’
‘It’s the first night of the festival.  There will be a children’s play tonight and the kids like to wear their costumes for it all day.’
Nova smiled and wondered what they would be dressed like.
‘Feel free to roam a bit when we are inside the forest.  As long as you are with Ash,’ Stath said, reaching over to scratch him behind his ear, ‘you will be safe.  And it would be good for you to meet some people your own age.  You shouldn’t have to listen to us talk about boring things all the time.’
Nova silently agreed and said, ‘I hope they have funny costumes on,’
‘So do I,’ Stath replied.
The crowds sifted and her father now was at the gate speaking to someone.  The clan was stretched out in a long line so she was too far away to hear them.  Leaning over to see, her father finally entered through the opening and was followed by the clan in single file. 
The Ryder in front of her began to move as they started to snake into the forest.  The rope tugged in Ash’s mouth and he followed while Stath dropping back just behind them to bring up the rear of the line.  
When it was her turn to pass through, she stopped for a moment at the gate.  On a twisted worn branch stood an old man and two children dressed in their costumes.  The old man was silent and friendly and looked a little uncomfortable as he perched.  His long blue and white cloak hung below to cover his feet.  Above him, the two children took their jobs as assistant entrance inspectors a little more seriously.  Their stern faces and watchful eyes were only betrayed by their costumes.  The older boy was dressed as a watermelon and the younger girl was a very white snowflake.
Making it through the studied gaze of the costumed kids, the man gave her a friendly wave to let them in.   Through the gate, a long wide path was laid in front of them that drove into the centre of the forest and on to the village.  The path was filled with the murmur of wide-brimmed-hatted people, happily shuffling and talking as they moved through.  More colourful flags hung low from the large tall trees that were spaced evenly on either side. 
As they came through, the wake of people were shifted by the line of their Volts.  Nova looked over to the side of the path to see more costumed kids.  Children dressed in watermelons and snowflakes were running and waving behind the trees.  They were trying to get a sight of the lumbering giant wolves and their Ryders.  She waved back, much to their delight.
Nova noticed two boys trailing a group of kids running beside the path.  One was younger and blonde with a tight-fitting watermelon outfit.  She noticed he had very long sleeves.  The other boy was older, dark haired, rounder and dressed as some sort of black and grey monster.  The monster costume had many arms that dangled loosely as he ran.  
Looking ahead she saw some of the children were becoming braver.  Nova could see that they were darting out from the trees to run through the crowds and in front of the passing Volts.  But the Volts seemed to take no notice of the watermelons and snowflakes under their noses.
Looking again at the two trailing boys, she saw that they had run a little ahead of her to the side.  Suddenly they broke out and lunged into the crowd.  In a moment the black and grey monster squeezed out behind a cart, and under someone’s hat, only to trip on one of his many arms.  He headed into Ash, hit the rope he was holding and landed roughly underneath his nose.  His fur twinned with the unexpected impact.  Ash stopped and dropped the rope to sniff at whatever just nudged him.  The boy reeled when Ash’s cold wet nose touched his forehead.  
Quickly the boy in the tight-fitting watermelon costume crashed in through the sea of people.  He wanted to help his friend before he was trampled or eaten by the giant beast.  The older boy was having difficulty standing up on his own.  He kept stumbling on all the extra arms and legs of his costume.
When the watermelon helped him up, one of the longer arms of the costume brushed Ash’s mouth.  Ash thought it was the lead rope he had just dropped and grabbed a hold of it.  The older boy looked back in panic, thinking that the Volt would bite into one of his real arms or legs next.  He turned into a stumbling run.  He led Ash through the crowds and towards the brush on the side of the trail. 
As the crowds flowed around them, Nova was surprised in the sudden change in direction.  She didn’t see Ash grab the boy’s costume.  She looked back to see Stath passing her and looking confused as to where she was going.  Nova waved as she disappeared into the brush.  She could see he had waved back with the same puzzled expression on his face.
Nova let out a yelp, closed her eyes and crouched down to Ash.  They had run into thick sets of branches that combed and scratched her back and sides.  Ash’s large frame cracked and splintered the dense dry thicket.  The noise drowned out the calls from his friend behind them. 
‘Fredrick stop!’ The younger one said, finally raising his voice above the constant snapping noises.  He was still trailing close behind them and was trying hard not to get stepped on by Ash, or struck with any flying broken branches.  
Fredrick turned to look back as he ran and tripped again over his costume.  A little dust cloud puffed from his fall and Ash started to snort and sniff over Fredrick, still holding one of his arms in his giant mouth.
‘Marmel’ Fredrick said, terrified and crawling backwards.  He stopped again and the Volt leaned and sniffed the air directly over Fredrick’s face.  Marmel ran to his side and froze underneath the giant Volt.  
Feeling them stop, Nova opened her eyes, lifted her head and peaked out in between Ash’s ears.  Marmel looked up and saw that the Ryder staring down at them was a girl about the same age as him.  She had tangled blond hair and wore the same wrapped fabric as the rest of the Lys.  Long pieces dangled from her shoulders, elbows and waist and fell over the side of her Volt.  Overtop of a fur blanket, a lumpy bag was laid in front of the girl.
Nova looked out further and saw why Ash had been led off.  With a small tug of his fur he released his jaw and the chewed and wet piece of costume hung limply on the ground in front of Fredrick.  
Nova sat up and smiled at the two boys who looked stunned and silly in their costumes.  She thought they were even sillier to be afraid of someone as gentle as Ash.  Feeling suddenly awkward, Marmel vainly adjusted his tight watermelon costume.  It still sat up too high on him and the hat looked ridiculously small at any angle he put it.  Fredrick still sat leaning far back on his hands.  He didn’t dare move under Ash’s sniffing nose. 
Not being around any other kids for days, she was eager to make friends with the watermelon and his monster.  Reaching under her blanket, Nova took a few pieces of extra fabric and climbed down the side.  Keeping a hand on Ash, she moved towards them, walked behind Fredrick, knelt down and carefully tied the loose arms of his costume together to bring them off the ground.
‘There,’ Nova said when she finished.  She bounced between them and the sniffing Ash.  Marmel noticed the weavings of her fabric were more intricate than most.  A colourful bird was woven on her chest with many strands of different dyed pieces.  
‘Now you won’t trip on your costume,’ she said, ‘or be eaten by large wolves.’  She looked at them and smiled.  Fredrick and Marmel still only stared blankly through her to Ash.  They had never been so close to a Volt without being in a full run.  ‘I have to do the same,’ she continued, raising one of her arms.  The pieces of cloth hanging from her elbows and shoulders were still long but tied and looped to shorten them.
‘I’m Nova,’ she said, stepping back to put her hand behind Ash’s ear.  ‘This is Ash.’ 
‘Ash,’ Fredrick sputtered under his nose.
‘I’m Marmel and this is Fredrick,’ Marmel said, as he tried to help his friend from the ground by grabbing one of his real arms.  Standing again, Fredrick started to dust off his costume without taking his eyes off the large Volt in front of him.  Marmel noticed that Ash’s eyes were clouded and didn’t seem to look at anything in particular.
‘He likes it if you scratch him behind here,’ Nova said as she reached underneath one of his enormous ears.  Ash moved his head slightly back and closed his eyes a little as she scratched.  ‘You shouldn’t be afraid of him.  He’s mostly harmless.’  
Pausing at first, Marmel bravely took a few steps closer to Ash.   He touched behind Ash’s ear, with his hand just next to Nova’s.  The reddish brown fur was much softer than he expected.  Ash tipped his head closer to them and closed his eyes even more.
‘You two have gotten me lost,’ Nova said closer to Marmel.
‘Sorry about that Nova,’ Marmel replied, still scratching behind Ash’s ear.  ‘We didn’t think your Volt would grab his costume like that.’
Fredrick stopped dusting himself off after miraculously getting every piece of dirt off his costume without looking away from Ash.  He saw the two petting his ear but felt no need to go any closer.
‘You two will need to lead me back,’ Nova said warmly to Marmel.  ‘You can ride up here with me.’ Nova moved to reach and grab hold of Ash’s fur to hoist up just behind his neck.  She motioned for him to follow and he awkwardly climbed to sit just behind her.
Peeking out between his ears, Nova said to Fredrick, ‘would you mind leading us out again?  Ash can’t see very well and needs a little help out of this brush.’  Marmel leaned over to the side to look at him.  Fredrick was not pleased and wondered which piece of his costume Ash was going to grab a hold of.  He unhappily reached down and picked up the chewed wet piece that Ash had in his mouth before.
‘No need for that this time,’ Nova said to Fredrick.  ‘Ash has sniffed you so much he should know how you smell.  He’ll follow you as long as you don’t wander out too far in front of him.’
‘Monsters lead the way!’  Marmel bellowed, now happy to be on the back of a Volt.  ‘I think we should go through that big Ash-sized hole in the brush behind us.’
Fredrick looked grimly at Marmel for saying the obvious.  He had cut a very large path when he crashed through the trees.  Ash sniffed the air and turned to follow Fredrick through the opening. 
Nova laughed but let out a squeal as they moved through the dry pointy branches.  They huddled in close to Ash to avoid being scratched as they were led back to the main trail.  
Nova looked up and couldn’t see a single Ly through all the streams of people.
‘We know where your clan will be staying,’ Marmel said, noticing her strain to see.
Nova didn’t say anything and leaned into Ash.
‘Do you know where you’re going?’ Marmel asked down to Fredrick.
‘The Downs,’ Fredrick said, not turning around.  He was trying to keep a good distance between him and Ash. Fredrick knew he would feel the cool wetness of that nose on his neck if he slowed down.  
Nova turned to Marmel, ‘So you’re a watermelon.’
Marmel looked down and noticed he looked even more awkward.  The stiff body of the costume had ridden up to rest just below his chin and his small hat had slid to the back of his head.  ‘It’s for the play we’re putting on tonight.  I’m the head watermelon.’
‘There aren’t any watermelons in the book.’
‘They made some changes to King So-Kai and the Terror to make it into a kid’s play.  It’s now called King So-Kai and the Scary.’
‘Well, I always thought the book didn’t have enough walking watermelons in it.’
Marmel huffed, ‘There are also dancing snowflakes.  Those probably aren’t in the book either.’
Nova laughed, ‘is Fredrick the Scary?’
‘No, he’s one of his minions.  Fredrick is a 13 so he gets better parts in the play than I do,’ Marmel said, trying to push his costume down.
‘What’s a 13?’ 
‘It’s just his age.  It’s a big night for Fredrick.  After the play he gets to go on a trip.’
‘A trip to where?’
‘They never say.  It’s different every year.’  Marmel quickly explained that most come back as a Tolu Ryder or a Watcher.  However, Fredrick was more interested in growing vegetables than being in trees all the time.
‘Do you get to do anything fun like that?’
‘Not really.  After Fredrick leaves tonight they give us a small moving tree and bird.’
‘Really?  Does Fredrick have one of each then?’
‘Ah, kind of.  He forgot where he planted his tree for a while and sat on his bird.’ Marmel said quietly so Fredrick didn’t hear.  ‘They don’t seem to like him very much anymore.’
Fredrick let out a yelp as Ash got too close to him again with his sniffing nose.  The crowd started to thin and the long trail had ended.  They had entered the village and Nova gazed at the wide-open spaces alive with colour and people.  They didn’t notice that around them everyone smiled and pointed.  It was a strange sight for a grumpy looking monster to lead a girl and a watermelon on a Volt.



Chapter 6



The Play



With a sharp and sudden whistle, a flock of Fees tumbled over Marmel and Nova as they rode on top of Ash.  Fredrick stopped and looked as Nova squeaked and put her head down at the sound.  They saw the long beaked, red and yellow birds spin over in front of them.  The Fees beat their long wings and skimmed out over the masses of people at the festival.    Nova looked up and saw that with a few more rolls on the air, the fast moving birds looped up and out of sight.
The people filled the glen that made the village.  On its edges were giant trees that seemed to hold back the lush green vegetation from pouring into the open. 
The glen was dotted with trees that had the same coloured banners that lined the entrance.  These trees had their branches pruned and cut into great wide spirals that led into the upper boughs.  And there rested the lofts.  These were the homes of the people of High Forest.  They were small rounded houses thickly covered in moss and vines.  They came to a point at the top, were mostly flat on the bottom and only looked to have two or three small dark round windows in the middle of each.
Nova looked over to see where a mountain had sliced through the village.  The face of the rock was only broken by a tangle of roots, stubbornly and slowly breaking it apart.  She could see steps carved into the stone from where it met the ground.  These steep and shallow stairs curved up the side to a point high above them and over the ridge.  
 As they moved through the crowd, Nova was able to see more of the festival than most, from high atop Ash.  The throngs of people swirled around makeshift marketplaces and performers.  She was especially drawn to the food.  Through the clamour of trade, carts around her were filled with fresh chocolate baked sweets, breads and fruits. 
The crowds flowed and began to bump and shift into Ash.  Nova could feel his unease.  He was used to the open spaces of the plains and didn’t feel comfortable in the tightness and noise.  He started to let out little growls when nudged or when he heard sudden loud sounds. 
Nova bent low and patted the side of his neck to calm him, but was distracted by one cart straight in front of them.  A very wide man was standing on something and shouting and waving at everyone around him.  He held up a long tube wrapped in colourful paper and then pulled it down to the ground.  Nova strained to see small sparks from flint being struck together.  When the man held up the tube again, it was lit and puffed with smoke.
To Nova’s amazement, sparks began to fly out of the bottom and rain down on the man holding onto it.  Then with a loud snap, a ball of blue fire flashed and twisted around the tube.  When it reached the top, it let out a shriek and shot straight out in a spinning blue and white ball of flame.  The flame arched high above them and broke apart to harmlessly float down in trails of smoke and sparkled light.
The sudden noise set Ash on edge.  His fur twined and his eyes widened.  Flashes of teeth could be seen through his rumbling growl.  Nova did her best to calm Ash by whispering something to him as she hugged his huge neck.  
She looked up from her Volt to see that the man was handing out smaller colourful sticks to children running through the crowds.  With the same flint he started one and the child’s sparkler burned with a crackling blue flame.  Many more children held their sticks high as they moved through the throngs of people around them.  One after the other they found each other, lit their sparklers, and the sharp crackling of their flames closed on Ash.
Ash started to become frantic from the sounds.  When one boy passed with a loud hiss and a snap in front of his nose, his fur rippled over his body and he lowered his head and snarled.
‘We’d better move out of here before Ash bites someone,’ Nova said, turning back to Marmel.
‘I thought you said he was harmless.’
‘I’m sure I said mostly harmless.’
Marmel called down to Fredrick to go.  But Fredrick didn’t take notice.  He was struggling to get through the tight spaces of the crowds and still keep a good distance from Ash.  
Another flame floated by Ash’s ear and let off a hissing crack.  Ash closed his eyes and turned his head down towards the noise.  Then with a twist his teeth shut with a snap.  The sparkler was extinguished in a small plum of smoke.  The child holding the sparkler stood in horror with his hand just below the massive jaw of the Volt.  Someone screamed and the crowd around tried to flail away. 
‘Get us out of here Fredrick!’
Hearing the snapping of Ash’s jaw, Fredrick had already turned around.  Above him, all he could see were barded teeth.  Marmel sat in shock over Ash’s twine of fur while Nova was still trying to calm him down.
Seeing Ash over him with such rage, Fredrick turned and ran.  The crowds parted and fell over each other as he was followed by the thumps and huffing growls of Ash.  He soon reached the other side of the village and plunged into a small uneven path.  Fredrick could hear the snapping of the brush from Ash and the yelps of his friends to know they were close behind.  
‘Fredrick! Ah-t!’ he heard before another crack of a branch.
Stumbling around a corner, he finally came out into the Downs and bounded forward a few strides before he would dare to look behind.  Nova and Marmel still clung close to a now slightly less enraged Ash.  Out of the crowds, while Ash’s fur had relaxed, he would still flash his teeth as he huffed the air.  Being a good distance away, Fredrick stopped and tried to catch his breath.
Marmel looked up and behind Fredrick.  The Ly people spread out in front of them in the clearing and were beginning to unpack and set camp.  Bale was riding his Volt when they came crashing through.  He and most of the rest of the Lys stopped and looked at Nova and Ash and her two peculiar looking companions. 
Marmel bowed his head, hearing what was behind him.  The splitting and groaning of trees was the unmistakable sounds of Tolus.  Peering back he saw two of them being led by one very serious looking old bald Redro.  Coming after were scatters of people following from the festival.  In the middle of the crowd was one flushed boy still clutching his bitten-off sparkler.  A very wide-eyed mother stood over him and held him by the shoulders.

***

Marmel and Fredrick sat at the base of one of the Tolus.  Its Ryder stood silently above them and watched the Redro and Bale talk in the distance.  Ash rested before Bale with Nova’s face down in his fur.  They were too far to hear, but the old Redro was pointing at Ash as he spoke.  Ash had calmed even more in the openness of the Downs, and it was hard to believe the fearful state he had just been in.  
Behind them the grass rolled down into a river on its far side.  The slope opened to the sky and you could see the distant plains over the treetops.  The Downs were always held for the Lys.  It was the only place in the forest close to the prairie they were used to. 
From in the camp, a large man from Nova’s group heaved a clump of chains on the ground in front of Ash.  Nova’s father said something to her and she slipped off her Volt.  The man with the chains gently started to connect them around Ash’s chest and neck before securing it to a nearby tree.  Bale reached down to show the Redro that Ash was wasn’t going anywhere.  The Redro said something else, nodded, and then lurched away.  They could see Nova drape over Ash again as her father leaned over her.
The Redro passed by Marmel and Fredrick and looked over his nose with cold disapproval.  With a splinter and a crack the two Tolus began to wheel around and follow him out.  He cut through the thinning crowds and was quickly followed by a flushed but satisfied looking boy and his mother.
Marmel and Fredrick were left alone on the edge of the Downs. They looked at Nova, face down on Ash.  After his words, her father had left Nova to help his clan begin to set up camp again.
The boys silently got up and walked over to her, but felt uncomfortable under the side-glances of her clan.  Ash still lay on the ground.  He was sniffing and nuzzling his nose into Nova, who was obviously crying.  
Hearing them shuffle over, she looked up.  For a moment Marmel and Fredrick saw that her face was blotched red with watery eyes.  Quickly she flumped back between two of his chains to hide in Ash’s fur.  In closer, they could see the thick shackles around him were made with a strong rusted metal.  The bag that had lain across Ash had been taken off and heaped down behind him.  A few books had fallen out and were strewn on the ground.  
When they stood near, Marmel took off his small watermelon hat and crouched beside her.  Fredrick stood behind him and held his hands awkwardly.  Both couldn’t think of what to say.
After some silence, Nova turned her head and lightly grabbed the chains in front of her.  The red in her face had started to fade and she looked calmer. ‘He’s going to be wearing these until we leave,’ she said.
Marmel paused after looking at Ash, ‘you probably don’t want to come back with us to the festival.’
Nova looked at him distantly.  
‘We could bring her something back,’ Fredrick said behind him.
‘Ya,’ Marmel noted, looking up at Fredrick.  ‘We don’t want you to miss everything.  There’s some great food to try out there.
‘How will you pay for it?’ Nova said with her eyes starting to dry.  She realized she hadn’t eaten for quite some time.
‘They give each of us a few shards of obsidian.’ Marmel took out a pouch underneath the stiff front of his watermelon costume.  ‘We can buy a lot with just a little bit of this.’  He showed her one small piece of the blue green crystal.   
As she looked up from Ash to see it, Marmel tucked it back into the pouch and inside of his costume.  Nova flumped her head down again, having wanted to get a closer look at the obsidian. 
‘We’ll be back soon,’ Marmel said, sensing her improving mood.  Fredrick timidly reached over and scratched Ash’s ear.  When Ash stretched his neck, the rusted chains clicked and rubbed into his fur.  Marmel stood up, turned and quietly left with Fredrick following after. 
When Nova saw them disappear across the glen, she looked over at some of her books that were lying behind Ash.  Climbing over his thick coat, Ash rolled slightly and let out a friendly groan.  She reached and grabbed King So-Kai and the Terror, slid back down and rested the book on her lap.  Patting her face with her hands, she felt calmer and looked forward to the boys return.  As she opened the book and began to read, Ash stretched out his legs with a twitch, laid his head down on the grass and heaved his chest with a clinking deep breath.         

***

The forest was beginning to dim.  Nova still lay on Ash as he was sleeping with his head tucked under one of his paws.  Growing tired of reading, she had put her book down and wondered about Marmel and Fredrick coming back.  
The Ly camp had long been set up.  Between chapters, she had taken to putting up her own tent just beside Ash. Nova had laid out her fur blankets and books and set the small light flower in the back.  The flower was tattered from being thrown on the ground the night before.  It was slightly bent, missing a few leaves and had a tear in one of its pedals.  But with the sky darkening, it was beginning to open and hum with a soft white light to illuminate her tent.  
The camp was near empty, save for a few Ryders sitting around a fire.  All of the Volts were left behind with most napping in front of the heat from the campfire.  Her clan had left for the festival long before to wander or set up for trading.  
Her father had come by before he left.  Bale wanted to convince her to come with him.  But when he came near, he could see from the look on her face that she wasn’t about to move.  Looking at her from a distance, he left without a word.
Fredrick and Marmel suddenly burst though the path to the Downs.  They were still wearing their costumes and each happily carried a stuffed sack.  Fredrick’s was slung over his shoulder and had a hollow knocking sound as he walked. 
They puffed and looked flushed as they walked up to Nova, flopped their bags down and sat in front of her.  Marmel and Fredrick leaned back and looked pleased to be sitting and resting for a moment.  Nova looked at them with a slight smile as she leaned forward from Ash.
‘I got some things for Ash,’ Fredrick said, getting up again to grab his bag to move over to the sleeping Volt.  Carefully tiptoeing over, he stopped and looked hesitant before the hulking mass of fur.  Nova kindly gestured him on and smiled at Marmel.  
Fredrick strained and silently lifted one enormous bone out of his bag and rested it in front of Ash’s nose.  As he crept back, Ash let out a few more huffs and then bit down on it without waking.  The large bone lay still between his teeth as he slept.
‘What kind of a bone is that?’ Nova said.  ‘It’s almost as tall as me.’
‘I don’t know,’ Fredrick said, still creeping back over.  ‘It’s from something very large and very expensive.  I have a few more in here,’ he said as he let down the bag more noisily than he wanted.
‘That should help him pass the time,’ Marmel added.
‘Now for you,’ Marmel said to Nova as he opened his bag.  ‘I hope you like baking.’  Nova leaned over further and could see his bag was full of small colourful paper wrapped packages.
‘He spent so much time just waiting in line for these,’ Fredrick said.  ‘He must have bought almost one of everything.’
Marmel smiled and took out one medium sized brown and yellow package.  When he opened it the smell and steam from freshly made bread rose into the air.  The loaf was twisted into a swirl before it was baked.  One side was fire roasted and had a brownish red clear glaze coating it.  Marmel broke the bread into three pieces with more steam evaporating into the air.  He could see it was getting darker as the sun had bowed below the tree line to warm the horizon.
Giving Nova her piece, she noticed the bread was a very light fluffy white and the glaze was speckled with coarse grains of salt.  She enjoyed every bite in silence as she watched Marmel eat his piece with one hand and rummage through the bag with the other.  Fredrick was already chewing and enjoying a cheek full.  
Peering over Marmel’s shoulder, Fredrick said, ‘Ged de one wid de chocdate on dop.’
‘Which one?’ Marmel replied without looking up.
Swallowing, Fredrick quickly said, ‘it’s got the caramel in the middle and the crumbly part on the bottom.  Or maybe the one with the crumbly dark cookie on the bottom and the green whipped part on top,’ Fredrick added, leaning in further.
Marmel’s piece of bread was hanging out of his mouth now so he could search with both hands.  Taking the bread out of his mouth he said, ‘It’s too dark.  I can’t see in here.  Nova I need your light flow-’
Marmel looked up suddenly. 
‘The play,’ he said as he looked over at Fredrick.  Fredrick sat stunned with another cheek full of bread.  Despite wearing their costumes all day, they had forgotten that the play started shortly after dusk.
‘Det’s go Mermal!’ Fredrick said standing up with his tied costume arms whirling. ‘I neeb to,’ he swallowed, ‘practise my lines!’
  Jumping up and checking his costume before he ran, Marmel looked at Nova, who was completely surprised.
‘You have to come Nova,’ Marmel said quickly. Nova looked at Ash, who was still asleep.  ‘He won’t even notice you’re gone.  We’ll have you back here before he wakes up.’
She looked at Ash’s body heaving in sleep and could hear the clicking of the chains around his neck.  He seemed content to lie on the ground with the large bone sticking out of his mouth.  
Turning, Nova grabbed the bag of baking and Fredrick’s sack of bones.
‘Let’s go.  Come on,’ Fredrick said, almost hopping in place as Nova put the bags in her tent and shut the flap at the entrance.
Fredrick tumbled into a run as Marmel began to move sideways to wait for Nova.  She paused for a moment beside Ash and then felt the pull of the boys.  When she started after them, Marmel was quick to turn and catch up to Fredrick.  It was dusk and hard to see, but the boys leapt across the grounds and through the pathway with ease.  Nova stayed close behind Marmel, not knowing the path as well as they did.  
They broke into the open spaces of the main village.  It had almost emptied of people and a hum of light could be seen across the way.  As they ran under the lofts and dark draping flags, Nova could hear the chatter of a large group of people ahead.  
They made a turn around a tree and came to the other side of the village. Nova could see the masses of people huddled around a grassy-mounded stage.  A few large trees encircled widely behind.  Their high branches were spread out to create thick cover overhead.  The stage was well lit from countless white and yellow light flowers that wrapped themselves around the overarching mesh of branches.
On the other side of the stage were two very old Tolen trees.  Their bark was full of moss and falling off in pieces.  They had many branches that ran up their towering sides.  Higher up, the branches intertwined to form seats or stands, and were covered with people.  Some had long ruff cotton shirts with pieces of bark, bone or flashes of obsidian worn on ropes around their necks.  The rest were the Redro.  They were old men and women in blue and white robes that flowed over their feet.  
In the middle of the tangle of branches between the Tolens, sat one reclined figure holding a staff.  On his head glimmered a pointed green obsidian crown that was tilted forward to almost cover his eyes.  Over his long cotton shirt he wore a tunic made of a frayed heavy rope.  It ran down the length of his body to hang between his knees and sway with his feet.  On his chest gleamed a circular woven obsidian crest of a sun set behind a tree and an outstretched bird.     A rope hung loosely around his neck that was weighed down with intricately carved items of bone inset with precious stones.  He was slouching forward, letting his feet dangle off the edge to carelessly knock against the staff he was holding.
Led by Fredrick, Marmel and Nova were cutting through the mass of people.  They were snaking around the stage and reaching the other side.  Marmel looked back at Nova and saw that she was looking up to the man with the crown and staff high above them.
‘That’s So-Vah, our king.’ Marmel said over the clamour of the crowd. 
 Nova continued to look as they passed underneath him.  She would have thought he was much younger, if it wasn’t for his hard features and streaks of grey in his hair.  As they exited the crowds and underneath the king, many costumed kids swirled in the small open space saved for the actors.  
At the front and waiting were Brufle and Nuv.  They were the Tolu Ryders Marmel and the Tens had met the day before.  Brufle was dressed as an ancient king with a metal breastplate, crown and robe.  Nuv’s beautiful dark features were held under a coronet and silhouetted against a long sweeping dress.  Behind them was another younger man dressed more like a soldier.  He had a tall pointed helmet and a lengthy fake moustache.  They all stood close to each other but seemed lost in thought as they practiced their lines. Seeing Marmel, Nuv smiled warmly at him.  
Behind the adults was a chaotic scene.  Watermelons and snowflakes rushed through each other in a bouncing colliding mess.  Through them Nova could see one group far in the back.  The older 13s, dressed in their black and grey monster consumes, were standing and watching the others practicing their scariest skulking walks.  Fredrick walked over to them and stood some distance away.  He was under a clump of light flowers with red flickering bugs burning around them.  Fredrick quickly untied his costumed arms and began to practice his lines while pointing furiously. 
On the edges of the area, Nova noticed several figures in heaping costumes that watched over the children.  The costumes were made of countless pieces of long dried wheat stalks massed over every part of their body.  They were rounded and shaped to make the figures look like giants.  The shoulders must have covered most of their heads as each had a long thin wooden mask teetering over their colossal frames.  Looking closer, Nova could see the masks were carved with hollow eyes and mouths that drooped over a long red rope.  Strangely, one of them held two giant papier-mâché hands.  She thought they must be a prop for the play.
‘Those are the Olins,’ Marmel said, seeing Nova staring at the costumes.  ‘They are just some of the parents of the kids here dressed up like that.’
‘Are they in the play?’
‘No.  They put those on every year.  Their job is to scare the kids to keep them in line, get them on stage and then help with the ceremony after.’
Nova paused, looking at all the watermelons and snowflakes in a screaming flurry.
‘We see them every year.  Most of us aren’t so scared of them anymore.’
Nova tuned back to Marmel and looked at his costume.  ‘So what do the watermelons do again?’ 
‘We’re soldiers.’
A sharp tapping sound could be heard above them.  The king was hitting his staff on a branch and the crowd began to quiet to a hush.  
Suddenly the ground shook in a deep rhythmic vibration.  Tolu trees, hidden outside of the crowd in the darkness, began smashing the earth in unison.  Nova could see all the watermelons and snowflakes stop with the sound.  Far behind them a shadowed outline of one of the Tolus hammered the ground.
Together the Tolus stopped, and a silence spread through the crowd.  Brufle and the pointy helmeted moustached man began to walk toward the stage.
From the side, two snowflakes sprang over to Marmel.  Nova thought they looked even sillier than him, with their faces just sticking out of their costumes.  They had very tight white leggings with their upper bodies covered in a flat round white disk.  The disk was cut and glued with some kind of glitter to resemble a snowflake. Their arms jutted out at the sides as their costumes were much too small.  
‘Who is this?’ the taller one said looking suspiciously at Nova.
Above them someone began to speak and address the crowd.
‘Welcome visitors to the High Forest Festival!’ The crowds cheered loudly and some Tolu Ryders pounded the earth again.
 ‘This is Nova.  Nova meet Oreole,’ Marmel said above the noise.  Oreole looked even more uncomfortable with his arms at higher angles and as his leggings stretched further than Nova thought possible. ‘And this is Drumpit.’  Quickly the other boy with the freckles gave her a funny looking bow.
When the crowd quieted the speaker bellowed, ‘Some have come from far away.’ More cheers could be heard behind them.
Suddenly, Nova could hear a dried brushing sound behind them.  Two hulking Olins leaned above them.  ‘Looks like we’re up,’ Oreole said loudly to Drumpit.  With that the two boys jumped away and started to circle the Olins.  They bounded around them with a sidestepping hop as the Olins stalked away to gather the other children.  The one holding the papier-mâché hands was especially effective, using them to herd kids back into the squealing fold. 
‘So enjoy the food, the friends and make our forest your home!’ More cheering and thumping could be heard from the crowd.  ‘Now, I think we’ve come to watch a play!’ The people erupted and the thumping of all the Tolu Ryders was deafening.
Nova could see the other Olins gather a few straggling snowflakes.  ‘Now I present to you, King So-Kai and the Scary!’ The speaker roared through the clamour and rumble.  Looking over, Nova saw Brufle and Nuv climb onto the stage and the people quieted into a chatter.
Brufle started to bellow his lines, as King So-Kai, and the crowd hushed.  
‘That’s our cue,’ Oreole said, edging behind Drumpit and the smaller snowflakes.  The snowflakes curved through the crowd, onto the stage and began an awkward circular dance around King So-Kai and his moustached Captain.
Nova looked behind Marmel to see a line of snickering watermelons.  
‘Why does he have watermelon soldiers?’
‘People like to see the costumes on the kids.  We try and use them every year,’ Marmel replied, adjusting his small hat to a more forward angle.
‘When do you go on?’
King So-Kai roared his lines to laughter from the crowd.
‘Right away.  We’re going to line up in front of King So-Kai and listen to his speech.  It’s strange.  He’s going to say that we’d better fight or he’ll take away the air and the sun or something.  After that he falls in love with his enemy’s daughter.’
‘Troops in line!’
‘That’s us,’ Marmel said.  With the Olins leaning over the line, the watermelons began to march.  They snaked through the crowd and passed the tired and flushed snowflakes that just came off stage.
Nova looked back quickly to Fredrick.  He was still practicing and waving his arms as he spoke.  Above him, the flashing red insects no longer floated aimlessly.  They cut and flowed through the air, following each swirling movement of his flailing arms.
   




ii



King So-Kai and the Scary 
Adapted from ‘King So-Kai and the Terror’ as children’s play

Act I Scene I

Enter King So-Kai and his Captain

King So-Kai: We came here to fight king Bubo’s men.  They just stand there in front of the city I want to burn down.  Why are we waiting here for them in the cold?  

Enter children dancing dressed like snowflakes

Captain: Sir

King So-Kai: At least if we were all to run screaming at each other we could warm up a little.

Captain: Sir, I’m not sure they want to fight.  They are sending someone with a peace offering.  

King So-Kai: I want to put them at peace. They will rest with many wounds and under a mound of dirt.  Get our soldiers in proper lines and ready for the march.  I don’t want to look at them all huddled together and listen to them shivering anymore.  

Captain: Troops in line! 

King So-Kai: What I want to hear are their feet pounding the ground, my voice and then men screaming because they look like pincushions.

Captain: Yes sir.  Here come the troops.

Exit snowflakes. Exit Captain.

Enter children dressed like watermelons gathered in a line

King So-Kai addresses the watermelons

King So-Kai: You think you rose from bed because
You slept and dreamed enough for now
Or needed food to fill your bones
Or heard the call of morning birds.
You rose from bed for me alone
And breathe the air that I provide
From out my good and noble nose.
If stopped you’d die in gasping death.
You see the sun up in the sky
It’s pinned there with my finger point
To hold from spinning out of sight.
Without it you’d be solid ice.
The ground you walk with cushy feet
I grasp in place with clenching teeth
So you should fear that I relax
You’d fall and drift on without end
So seize your swords and run at them
And drive into a noble end
Before I snuff the air, unhinge
The sun and scatter earth in clouds 
Of lifeless, formless, frozen dust.
Go charge at them, at Bubo’s men
And prove your worth to me again!

Exit watermelons running into battle screaming

Enter Captain

Captain: Sir.  Alexa, the daughter of Bubo approaches.

King So-Kai: Bring her here.  If she looks like her father we will send her back standing on her head and no one will know the difference.

Exit Captain.  Enter Alex.  King So-Kai looks away.

Alexa: I want to speak to King So-Kai.

King So-Kai: Speaking.

Alexa: You’re the one that would burn our city to keep warm

King So-Kai: Make your offering and go.  I don’t want to look at a female Bubo.  It would give me a nightmare.  

Alexa: Are you afraid to look at a girl?

King So-Kai: You don’t sound like Bubo.  His lips kind of hang off his face and he makes a mumbling slapping sound when he talks.  I can’t understand anything he says.

Alexa: I didn’t come here for you to insult my father.

King So-Kai: No, you don’t sound like him at all.  

King So-Kai turns and looks at Alexa

King So-Kai: You can’t be Bubo’s daughter.  You look nothing like him.

Alexa: I thought you’d look different.  Your nose is much too small for your face.

King So-Kai covers his nose with his hand

King So-Kai: His hair is all patchy and spouts up in places it shouldn’t.  

Alexa: I’ve come here to ask for peace. 

King So-Kai: You must comb your hair often.  He’s also morbidly rounded and lumpy.  You’re-

 Alexa: I don’t have time for this.

King So-Kai: And he sweats.  Sometimes he looks and smells like he just jumped in a lake.  

Alexa: He doesn’t know I’m here.

King So-Kai: You must have bathed recently.  I have never touched him, but I imagine it would be like holding a huge slippery bag of marbles.

Alexa: Enough!

Enter wounded watermelon

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon) What is this?  You only have three arrows in your chest.  To stop you must have at least five.

Exit wounded watermelon

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon off stage) Ok.  Now you may stop.

Alexa: King So-Kai

Enter second wounded watermelon	

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon) What is this?  That spear went clean through you.  You are fine.  Get back out there.

Exit second wounded watermelon

Alexa: King So-Kai

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon off stage) Yes.  Now that one stuck.  Maybe sit down a moment.  Ok, lie down.  That’s fine.

Enter a third wounded watermelon

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon) What is this?  You still have one leg.  Keep hopping and pointing sharp things in that direction.  Go over that way.

Alexa: King So-Kai!

Exit third wounded watermelon

King So-Kai: (to wounded watermelon off stage) Ok, now they are both gone.  You’re rolling.  Good.  Keep rolling.  Ok, you stopped.  Take a rest and then start rolling at them again when you get your breath.

Alexa: I’ve wasted my time.  All you do is send people to their deaths and burn things to the ground.  Great men build things.  You are a lesser man than my father who built this beautiful city.

King So-Kai: A lesser man?  I have built a tower or two.

Alexa: Made of what?  Bodies of soldiers?

King So-Kai: No, that is disgusting.  We just leave them where they are.  I had my men pile up the pieces of the last town we destroyed.

Alexa: That is a mound, not a tower.  And what did you do with it?

King So-Kai: We burned it.

Alexa: I’m leaving.  I’d curse that your nose would fall off but I don’t think anyone would know the difference. 

King So-Kai covers his nose with his hand

Exit Alexa

King So-Kai: Alexa wait.  What would you do with a big mound of rubble?

Enter Captain

Captain: Sir, our forces have driven them back into his city. 

King So-Kai: I don’t want to talk to you.  I want to still be talking to her.  Your voice is too deep and your hair all coming out of your face under your nose.  

Captain: Sir, we wait for your direction on the city.

King So-Kai: And you smell like raw meat and cabbage.

Captain: Sir

King So-Kai: You smell Captain. 

Captain: Do you want me to send for her again?

King So-Kai: No, she won’t come.  She thinks I’m a tiny nosed warmonger.  

Captain: And the soldiers at their gates?

King So-Kai: Go, tell them I will not burn their city if she will come back here.  If she comes I need to have something built so she will stay.  Tell any of my soldiers left to come back here to help.  

Captain: Help with what?

King So-Kai: Get the blacksmith.  We need to turn their swords into more useful things.

Captain: Useful things?  

King So-Kai: Precisely.  Those things that we use for sawing.  Let’s make them more for wood and not people.

Captain: You mean saws.

King So-Kai: Yes.  And things that hammer.  Not for shattering bones but for hitting different sizes of nails.

Captain: Hammers.

King So-Kai: Good.  And bring that artist that makes the scary masks and paints on all the prisoners.  Ask him to make me something I can put over my nose that makes it look bigger and more regal.

Captain: Sir.

King So-Kai: And see if those soldiers lying around up there are breathing.  If not maybe pile them up one on top of the other.  Let’s make a little tower out of them.

Captain: Yes sir.

King So-Kai: We’ll see how it looks and go from there.

Exit Captain

End Scene





Chapter 7



The Bird and the Sapling 



The play was over and Fredrick was gone.  In thundering applause the actors had made their bows before parting to let the 13’s gather in a nervous line.  They no longer wore their black and grey monster costumes but stood in long heavy traveling cloaks.  Each had a large hood and a webbing of roughly tied rope and bark covering their chests and back that dangled below their waists.  Over the cloaks, long stuffed bags were strapped diagonally across their backs.  The crowds cheered as they stood anxiously before them.  Fredrick was standing at the far end of the line, a little over from the rest.  
The crowd whispered in silence as King So-Vah tapped his long stick from his perch high above them.  He stood and then began to walk across the boughs in a slow descent, with each tree branch unfolding and curling underneath him.  Coming down to the stage, King So-Vah began to circle the line of 13’s and then pointed out over the crowd.  
He looked at them from under his tilted crown and boomed, ‘You see this line of girls and boys.  Every year a new group of 13’s is guided by some old person that marches through the wilderness. Without their birds or trees we send them out there to show the dangers that wait for us outside of this forest.  They will come back changed and know why they have to be strong, why they have to sacrifice and why they need to live bound to this forest and to each other.’ 
King So-Vah paused over the silence of the crowd before he lowered, ‘This year, the old man to guide them will be me.’  The people chattered at the news, as he turned and walked through the line of 13’s and back to the low uncurled braches he descended from.  Tolu trees then began to hammer the ground in a slow pounding rhythm.  Under the noise, So-Vah took off his crown, roped tunic and the ornaments around his neck and hung them on the different branches in front of him.  The old boughs slowly curled and rose to suspend the glimmering symbols of his power high above to hang in an empty perch.
Lightened, he walked back towards the people, stood and then took a long low bow.  The crowd erupted and the sounds of cheering and pounding were deafening.  Someone gave him a traveling cloak and long bag and he quickly pulled them over his body.  Turning, he moved swiftly out of sight behind the stage.  The 13’s sputtered and then followed him with Fredrick tumbling out last.
Marmel had changed out of his costume and stood beside Nova.  They watched in awe as the cloaked King So-Vah swept passed them.  The 13’s following closely with Fredrick trailing and stomping by without looking up.  Marmel could see Oreole wave at his older brother as Cover looked back at him.   King So-Vah and the 13’s passed under a cluster of light flowers, and one by one they disappeared into the moving shadows of the forest. 
When they were gone, Marmel and Nova looked back to the stage.  Avel and Cone now stood before the restless cheering crowds.  Marmel hadn’t seen them since the day before when Avel saved him and Oreole from falling off the cliff.  Avel’s puffed out chest still teetered on his thin unbent legs and he wore an even more richly decorated shirt than before.  His puffy chest almost glimmered under the host of light flowers over the stage.  Avel stood looking at the crowd, quickly switching between his left and right eyes.  
Beside him stood Cone, the tall old Tolu Ryder that had silently taken them to the second lesson that day in his aged tree.  He wore the same loosely cut cotton shirt with the same solemn carved face dangling low from his neck.   His freely tied long grey beard was held over his shoulder as he looked grimly over the crowd.   
The rest of the group of Tens had changed into their long heavy tunics and gathered close to Marmel.  Oreole and Drumpit looked much more comfortable out of their snowflake costumes.  Nova stood a few strides back as they were shepherded into another line by the Olins.  The Tens were then mobbed through the crowd and onto the stage to form a bunched row behind Avel and Cone.  
As Nova watched Marmel and the other Tens, several Olins turned and stared at her.  When she looked at them, they seemed to glare through the empty eyes of their thin carved masks.  As more started to turn, Nova crept away into the crowd.  
She squeezed between the excited people that packed the side of the stage.  But Nova was too small to see over their shoulders and wide brimmed hats.  Nudging her way back, she looked to the side and saw a small mossy rock ledge at the edge of the crowd.  She quickly cut through mangles of people and scrambled up the rocky wall to sit on the ledge.  Leaning back on a bank of moss, she had a good view of the stage without the strange stares of the Olins.
The crowds cheered happily seeing the uneasy line of Tens.  Finally they were to receive their bird and sapling after waiting for so long.  With a small gesture from Avel, the people quieted and one lone Tolu tree slowly began to rhythmically hammer the ground.  With another gesture, Nova could hear the cawing and whistling of unseen birds perched high overhead.  All at once they lifted off their branches and circled just below the countless light flowers.  The birds spun in a storm of shadows that broke the light to flicker endlessly.  Suddenly the Tolu stopped its thumping and the birds scattered into the night.
The crowd then cheered as the Olins walked slowly up from behind the Tens.  They moved slightly bowed, swaying the long braided red tassels that hung from their masks.  As they came under the light of the stage, Nova could see that their costumes had tiny colourful birds clinging to their shoulders.  The Olins stopped behind the Tens and stood tall as the birds chirped and quickly flapped their wings.
‘Now for our last tradition of the night,’ Avel rumbled as his head darted back and forth from one side to the other.  ‘The 13’s have gone to test their courage with our King.  Wonderful.  They will return full of purpose as each of us did at one time or another.’ He looked over at Cone.  Cone was adjusting his beard to make sure it didn’t fall off his shoulder.
‘Now also every year,’ he called over the whispering of the crowd, ‘a small bird and sapling pick a Ten for their own.  It marks the start of the Ten’s entry into our people and the proud line of our history.’  With that Nova heard the cawing and whistling from high above.  She looked upwards and the birds that had been scattered suddenly descended again back through the canopy of branches to swirl just below the light.  Avel then looked back at the Olins and the small colourful birds lifted off of them.  In a rush of colours, they flew around the awe-struck Tens.
Cone then crouched low to the ground.  With one hand he held his beard over his shoulder and then steadily placed his other hand into the earth at his feet.  From behind the Olins, a line of saplings sprang out around them.  The thinly leafed trees had a split at the bottom to allow them to run swiftly around and just below the noses of the Tens.
‘All three will grow together and form a bond that represents the power and balance of this land.  It is our connection to it.  We are masters of this forest, now and to the end!’
The birds overhead once again scattered and the unbroken light illuminated the stage. The small colourful birds circled the Tens and then rested one by one onto their shoulders as the saplings sprang to settle in front of each.  Finally still, the saplings straightened themselves to look as tall as possible.   
‘You are our honoured guests,’ Avel said to the crowd.  ‘Eat, drink, dance and enjoy the festival!’ Avel ended just before the deafening roar of cheering and the booming of the trees drowned him out.  Marmel and the Tens stood bewildered with the birds on their shoulders, very straight saplings in front of them, and the applause thundering all around.

***

It was morning in the Downs and the walls of Nova’s tent glowed with the sunrise.  Covered from the chilly air in her fur blankets, Nova lay awake and listened to Ash and the hustle and chatter of her clan outside.  Above her hung the outer shell of her wrapped fabric clothes.  The colourful patterns on the back, upper arms and chest looked to have faded since they were first woven before she left.  Beside her, the bag of baking still heaped over half-opened books.  The pile hid the fading glow of her light flower as it closed its pedals for the day. 
With clicking and gnawing, Ash was working his way through another bone.  The night before, after the Tens were shuffled off stage and the music started, she decided to slip away back to her camp.  Nova worried Ash had woken and noticed she was gone.  After running back through the empty dark spaces of the village, she found him still asleep.  Carefully walking around the long bone sticking out of his mouth, Nova fell into her tent, covered herself in blankets and, after a while, drifted into sleep.  
Now, after lying awake for a while, Nova sat up in her tent and wrapped one of her blankets around her shoulders.  Rummaging through the bag of baking, she found three more loaves of bread and many small wrapped packages.  Nova peered and searched for the one with chocolate, caramel and the crumbly bottom Fredrick had talked about the night before.  
Then she stopped looking, hearing heavy footsteps outside and Ash’s groan from someone scratching his ears.  The feet then quietly shuffled to her tent’s opening.  Another set of lighter footsteps quickly came from another direction some distance away. 
‘Bale,’ the voice said, a little out of breath as it came closer.  It was Stath, her father’s Captain. 
 Bale answered slowly and impatiently.  ‘What did they say?’ 
‘They won’t trade while So-Vah is gone with the 13’s.  No obsidian rock is coming out of that mine until he comes back.’
‘Who told you that?’
‘That same ancient lady from the Redro.’
Nova felt an uncomfortable silence between her father and Stath.
‘I’m not leaving without it this time,’ Bale said calmly.  ‘It’s too valuable for them to keep it from everyone.  If I had our Consumed behind me, they might be more willing to bargain.’ 
Nova felt a sharp chill as she thought of being so close to one of the beasts the night before last.  
‘They would never let them in here,’ Stath replied.  ‘They don’t even let their own back into-.’
‘There must be a way to get them in here.  Have you found an opening in the north side of the forest?’ 
Stath replied slowly.  ‘Possibly.  There are only a few Watchers in the trees up there.  Even then, there are so many people here.  I hardly trust them-’ 
‘They won’t hurt anyone.  Just keep them fed and hidden to the north.’
After another pause, Stath walked away.  Her father stood silently for a moment and Nova could hear his foot pad the ground.
‘Are you awake Nova?’ Bale said with a softer voice.
Nova tightened a blanket around her and ruffled a book accidently.  
 ‘I brought you some breakfast,’ Bale said, hearing her inside.  He leaned down and put a decorated ceramic plate full of food at the opening of her tent.  Ash’s chains clinked as the food was put down and Bale moved his feet to keep him away him from it.  
Peering through, Nova could see there was a small loaf of fresh bread, a hardboiled egg, a grapefruit and a bowl filled with steaming hot tea.  Balanced on the edge were a wooden spoon and a knife.  
Nova leaned forward and carefully grabbed the plate as Ash playfully let out a snarl.  Placing it on her lap, she breathed in the spiced flavour of the tea.  The leaves were red and woven into shapes of closed flowers.  As it steeped under the steam, the leaves opened and a red haze clouded through the water.  
‘I got all the food from the festival this morning.  There weren’t as many people around.  I think most of them are sleeping in after last night,’ Bale said lightly.  ‘I’d like to take you there and walk around, when you’re ready.  I don’t want you stuck in here the whole time.’
Nova stayed silent, and her father moved his feet restlessly.  
‘Let me know when you’re ready,’ he ended.  Nova could hear him unwrapping something and then Ash moving with thumping paws and the drawl of his chains.  Bale whispered to Ash as the Volt panted impatiently.  The package hit the ground and Ash happily chewed and slopped on what was inside. 
As Bale walked away, Nova took her knife and cut open the grapefruit.  Inside it was a deep red and some of the juice spattered on the plate.   After cutting around the edges, she used the spoon to carve out a piece.  It was deliciously sour.  She then took the bread and split it open.  More steam rose up from the dark grains inside.  Nova dipped the bread in her tea, as it still looked too hot to drink.  She happily sat and started to eat her breakfast, intent on finding that piece of baking after she was done.
Suddenly she heard the sound of soft feet and the tweets of a small bird.  As the feet crept closer she heard a familiar voice.
‘Nova, are you there?’ Marmel said in a whisper. 
She put her plate down and stood to grab the outer shell of her clothes.  The wrappings that covered her upper body were worn in one piece and secured back in place with a few hidden ties.  ‘Hold on,’ she whispered, tying the last few strings in the middle of her back.  With a rummage she came out looking flushed.  
Ash perked up and panted.  He how had a smaller bone sticking out of his teeth.  With a slide of his chain, he rose up and laid himself back down at her feet.  The clear morning air was cold and she tucked her hands under her arms.
Then a chirp came from behind Marmel’s neck.  A small blue and yellow bird rolled out of the folds on his tunic.  It had rounded wings, a short beak and made the odd musical peep as it steadied itself on his shoulder.   Suddenly it lifted off and swooped below Marmel’s knees and then up and far around his head before landing back in the same spot.   
Nova smiled and Ash perked up hearing the bird fly by.  It lifted off again and the Volt lightly pawed the air after the bird went by his nose.
‘Her name is Cai,’ Marmel said, looking at the bird make another dive in front of Ash.  ‘She’s a Rund.’
‘What’s a Rund?’
 Marmel paused for a moment and said, ‘A fruit bird.’
‘Is that good?’
‘I guess so.’  Cai swept around and closer to Ash.
‘Cai,’ Nova said warmly.
Ash’s paw got closer and Cai looked nervous when she landed again on Marmel’s shoulder.  She hid behind his neck and peeked out at Ash before she made another run.
‘Where’s your sapling?’ Nova said, remembering them running around Marmel the night before.
‘That’s why I came,’ Marmel replied quickly.  ‘After we got them last night, I couldn’t find you.  Anyways, I had to go and plant it somewhere safe where I wouldn’t forget it.’
‘What kind of a tree is it?’ Cai chirped past a playful paw.
Pausing again, Marmel replied, ‘a fruit tree.’
‘Great.’
‘I guess.  I was hoping for a Tolu tree.’
‘You mean the ones hitting the ground at the play last night?’
‘I thought I’d at least get a Tolen Watcher tree.’
‘I think I’d rather have a fruit tree.  I’ve seen some of them grow to be huge and much bigger than those Tolus.  And the Tolens are much too tall and look boring to sit in.’
Marmel didn’t say anything.  With another chirp, Cai again passed by Ash.  Shivering, Cai landed on Marmel’s shoulder and peered out.  Ash sniffed the air for her.
‘Where is it?’ Nova said cheerfully.
‘I was on my way to meet Oreole and Drumpit there and came by to see if you wanted to come.’
 ‘I’d love to,’ Nova said before she thought about it.  She looked behind her and the camp was still mostly asleep.  A few were sitting in front of the morning fire with Bale standing and talking to them.  Bale laughed at two others re-enacting something from the night before.  One pretended to dance with someone else while the other stumbled around with a cup in his hand.  
Then there was the sound of a thud.  Nova looked down and saw that Ash had cupped his giant paws on the ground.  His ears were perked and he sniffed at his paws curiously.  Suddenly Ash winced and moved one.  He let out a growl and they could hear Cai chirping.
Marmel stood in shock with Cai pinned by Ash.
‘Ash!’ Nova scolded in a harsh whisper.  Ash put his head down between his front legs and moved his paws back.  The small blue and yellow bird was bowed low and trembling beneath.  Seeing Ash’s paws move, she quickly fluttered her wings and hopped over to Marmel.  Marmel bent down, put his hand to the ground and gently lifted her up onto his shoulder.  Cai shuffled over behind his neck and tucked herself into the loose folds of his tunic.  
‘Is she alright?’ Nova said, looking concerned.
Marmel tried to look back at Cai but she buried deeper behind his neck.  Turning back, Marmel looked hesitantly as Ash put his nose further in the ground.  ‘I should get going,’ Marmel said after pausing for a moment, trying again to look back at Cai.
Nova looked over to her father, who was a distance away by the fire.  He was still talking and laughing with the other Ryders about the night before.  
‘I’ll come,’ she said, not waiting for Marmel’s response.  She reached into her tent and grabbed the loaf of bread, hardboiled egg and the cut-open fruit, and put them in a satchel that was pushed into the corner.  Seeing the bag of baking, she reached further and quickly grabbed two more loaves of bread and several small wrapped packages and stuffed them in as well.
Coming out of her tent, she drew the bag over her shoulder and kneeled down before Ash.  He had taken up chewing on his medium sized bone again.  She put her hand on his neck and told him she’d be back soon.  He lifted his head and touched his big wet nose to her face.  She recoiled with a smile and looked at Marmel as she rose up.
They started to walk away and Ash whined, noticing they were leaving.  He dropped the bone and followed them.  The long chain loudly rattled across the ground as he stretched it from the tree.
Nova looked back to see her father staring in their direction.  They silently moved faster as Ash’s high-pitched sounds became louder the further they got.  With another step, the heavy chains lifted from the ground and tightened around his shoulders and neck.  Ash still moved his back legs, lifting himself against the flexing chains.  With a twist and a choking howl he landed sideways on his paws.  In the distance her father called out for her.
Nova’s stomach swung as she saw Ash tighten the chains again and sniff the air for her.  Still she ran with Marmel to the edge of the Downs.  Marmel found another opening in the trees that was up a small bank.  He scrambled to the top and reached out for Nova’s hand to help her up.  She looked to see Bale calling and walking towards them from the fire.  He couldn’t be heard over Ash and the sound of the strain he was putting on his chains.
Nova took Marmel’s hand and clambered up after him.  Together they disappeared into a hidden trail.  She stayed close behind him as Marmel easily navigated the quick turns in the path. 
When Ash’s howls became distant, they slowed down to a walk.  The path had narrowed and climbed before opening northward to overlook the forest below.  There they could see long severed lines of burnt grey husks.  Fire had reached its way into the forest not long ago.  
Being close behind Marmel as they walked, Nova looked over to Cai still snug in the folds of his shirt.  She reached up to touch the bird.  It peeked his head out for a moment before plunging back down with a quiver.
‘I think Ash scared him a little,’ Nova said, putting her arm back down.
‘I’d probably feel the same if he had me under those paws,’ Marmel said quietly.  
The ground began to slope down and wind back into the forest.   They slowed, trying to negotiate the trail cut with low hung branches and large rounded rocks.   
After a distance, Marmel and Nova came across an open area with tall thin white barked trees.  Water trickling out of the rocks underneath their feet and they splashed as they ran along the stream.  
Over a ridge, the water flowed into a river that swept across the path.  It bent to disappear behind the scattered white trees surrounding them.  Over the river, an old mossy bridge was built from large wedged stones.  It hunched over the water between two massive rocks set in the ground. 
Marmel quickly dashed across the bridge, followed by a more hesitant Nova.  Holding her bag behind her, she looked out over the edge.  Schools of small red fish swam up the stream and tiny water spiders danced across the lapping edges.   
Coming down on the other side they met a wall of heavily barked trees.  Marmel ran along the side and found a small opening before they squeezed through.   They came out to another trail that led downwards.  They could see the end of the path was anchored with two ancient immovable trees.  
Walking silently down and to the end of the trail, Nova looked at the worn carvings scrawled up their sides.  
‘Where are we?’ she asked without looking away.
Marmel hadn’t been there since the night before the festival, when he sat by his father’s tree.  ‘The Graveyard,’ he said as he tried again in vain to look at Cai.  Looking back and seeing Nova’s expression, he never thought of how strange it might seem that he took her here.  He came here so often he never really thought about it.
Silently he motioned for her to follow.  The sun was high and streamed through the canopy of leaves overhead in blades of light.  In the large hazy clearing in front of them, one aged and immense tree stood in the middle countless old and rotten Tolus.  
‘Do these trees move like the others?’ Nova said, trying to relax.
‘No.  They are the Ancients.’
Seeing the same puzzled expression, Marmel went on, ‘Tolus come back here from war when their Ryder’s die.  The Ryders are buried underneath and the Tolus just sleep over them and don’t move anymore.’
Nova paused, looking at the crumbling trees surrounding the colossal one in the middle.  ‘Does the tall one in the middle move?’
‘If it does I think we’re all in trouble.’  Both looked up at the inscriptions carved high up its fractured bark.  Marmel explained, ‘Sometimes the Ryders and their Tolus don’t come back from the war at all.  People come to this one to remember them.’
Seeing her face, Marmel said warmly, ‘Let’s find my sapling.’  Pulling Nova away, they carefully bounded between the Ancients.  She held tightly onto her satchel to keep it from swinging into any of the fragile boughs and trunks of the old trees.  
Suddenly they stopped and stood before a tree partly covered in moss.  Burn scars ran high up the bark, with a few small branches sprouting out of large sockets on its sides. 
‘Where did it go?’ Marmel said to himself, looking around to the other side of the tree.  
‘Why did you put it here?’
‘I wanted to put it beside my dad’s tree,’ Marmel said casually from the other side.  He was on his hands and knees searching in the underbrush.  Cai chirped under the folds of his tunic as Marmel tipped himself around.
Suddenly Nova heard a rustle of leaves.  A sapling swung out from behind them and wrapped itself around Marmel’s leg.
‘Ee-yah!’ Marmel said, jumping and then falling down with a laugh and a few squeaks from Cai.  The tree then unwrapped itself and stood as tall as it could in front of him.    
‘You’re supposed to stay planted!’ Marmel said, sitting up with a smile.  ‘You have a lot of growing to do if you’re going to keep pace with the other trees.  
‘You’re a fruit tree you know,’ Marmel said standing up.
With that the sapling twisted itself into the ground and again tried to stand up as straight and still as it could.
All of a sudden they both heard the whirling chatter and whistling of two boys with birds coming into the Graveyard.  Marmel smiled widely and peered out to see that it was Oreole and Drumpit.  They were pretending to fight.
With Oreole’s bird spinning around their heads, they were lunging at each other with their long saplings in their hands like swords.  Oreole’s bird was a small red and yellow Fee that happily tumbled and whistled through the air.  Drumpit’s small grey Arlow amazingly slept on his shoulder as they charged at one another.  Marmel laughed, seeing their saplings twine and tangle together when they hit.
As Marmel and Nova walked out, Oreole saw them and waved.  With Oreole distracted, Drumpit hit him with his shoulder and knocked them both back into the crackling bark of a tree.
Drumpit recoiled and his sapling untangled itself from Oreole’s.  He took a few steps back and then stalked forward holding his sapling over his head like a spear.  Oreole held up his hands as his Fee tumbled past Drumpit’s ear with a high whistle.  
Suddenly, great wings flapped over Drumpit’s head.  He looked up stunned to see the round body of a fully-grown Arlow perched on his sapling.  Back at the entrance, a very unhappy Avel stood staring at all of them out of his left eye.



Chapter 8



The Northern Bog 



As Avel walked firmly towards them, the great Arlow cawed and ripped Drumpit’s sapling out of his hand.  The bird then dropped it on the ground behind him. 
With another caw the Arlow flapped its wings and perched on an unsteady branch.  Oreole stood and his Fee whistled back along the ground to land on his shoulder.  Marmel and Nova moved back, not wanting to be in the direct line of Avel’s anger.
But as Avel approached, he seemed to calm with each step.  Stopping in front of them he teetered silently before leaning into Oreole and Drumpit.  ‘Those trees are meant to be in the ground.  They will grow and set crooked if they are used like that.’
Raising an eye to Oreole, Avel said lightly, ‘Good use of your Fee.  Next time make it give Drumpit a good nip in the ear if he gets you on your back again.’  Avel held back a smile as Oreole and Drumpit awkwardly looked at him.
‘And your little Arlow,’ Avel noted, peering at the small grey bird still sleeping on Drumpit’s shoulder.  ‘They are hard ones to wake up.’  Avel looked up to the large Arlow as it shuffled its feet on the branch and drooped its eyes.  
‘And keep awake,’ he said as the bird fell asleep.
Looking towards Marmel, Avel asked, ‘Where is that nice blue and yellow Rund of yours?’  
Marmel tried again to peer behind his shoulders, but Cai was still happy to remain hidden under the folds of his tunic.
‘My Volt squashed him,’ Nova replied before Marmel could.
‘Squashed him?’ Avel said, raising another eye.
‘He didn’t squash him,’ Marmel stuttered. ‘He just trapped him under his paws.  He’s been hiding behind my neck ever since.’
Avel looked concerned and walked over to Marmel’s side.  Cai let out a chirp and fluttered out to sit again on his shoulder.  As Avel extended his hand, the bird hopped to rest in his palm.  
Gently running a finger over the top of Cai’s head, Avel pondered, ‘Has the bird flown since the Volt trapped him?’
Marmel hesitated.  
‘This bird is hurt Marmel.’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘I don’t know yet, but it cannot fly.  Have you heard of the Mantos?’
Marmel remembered the waddling orange fruit.  Fredrick had brought one when they had breakfast in the Hollow and he used it to heal his shoulder.
‘I need you to find a ripe Mantos fruit and bring it to me,’ Avel continued.  ‘They should be easy to find.  The outside looks faded red and they run along the ground.’
‘Good luck catching one,’ Oreole said seriously.
‘You’re right,’ Avel replied.  ‘Mantos fruit move very quickly until they are over-ripened.  Marmel is going to need some help to catch one.’  
Oreole stood silently, not wanting to say anymore and volunteer himself for something.
‘The best place to find the fruit is past the Northern Bog,’ Avel said as he placed Cai back on Marmel’s shoulder.  The bird chirped and hopped to hide again behind Marmel’s neck.  
‘Bring the Mantos back to me on the Plateau.  I will need the fruit to heal your Rund so it can fly again.  
‘Your friend has kindly volunteered to go along as well,’ Avel added as Oreole sighed.
Nova took off her heavy satchel and held it out for Marmel.  ‘Hopefully you find the Mantos soon.  The bag is full of food in case it takes you too long.’ Marmel reluctantly took the bag and put it over his shoulder.
‘You must be Nova,’ Avel said to her with quiet concern.  ‘It seems as though your Volt broke from his chains this morning.’  Nova’s eyes hollowed.  Seeing her drawn expression Avel said kindly, ‘He’s gone missing.  Your father is worried and looking for you.  Come with me and I’ll take you back to your camp.  
‘And Drumpit,’ Avel directed, ‘come along as well.  I will teach you how to wake up your little Arlow.’ Drumpit looked again to the tiny sleeping bird on his shoulder.
Avel reached over to a nearby bush and plucked a handful of small black fruit.  Giving some to Marmel he said, ‘these are pretty easy to find and good feed for your birds. 
‘And only eat them yourself if you’re really hungry,’ Avel instructed, ‘they taste terrible.’
With that he turned to leave with Nova quick to follow.  She looked lost in thought and stayed close beside Avel.  Drumpit leapt in another direction with his slightly crooked sapling rustling after him.  Going out of sight for a moment, he emerged again without his sapling.  With a wave to Marmel and Oreole, he hurried through the graveyard to catch up.  His little grey bird clung to his shoulder and bobbed with each bounding step.
After watching them all disappear through the entrance, Marmel and Oreole looked up at the Arlow sleeping in the tree. 
‘So who was chained up?’ Oreole asked.
As Marmel picked a few more black berries from the bush, he explained to Oreole about Ash, the boy with the blue sparkler and trapping his bird on the ground.  
 ‘He sounds great,’ Oreole exclaimed.  ‘The only thing better than an angry Volt is one with a bunch of chains on him.  He must be scaring everyone to death.  Let’s go find that fruit to fix your bird so Ash will be in a little less trouble.’
Oreole walked away with his tree to his side.  Marmel followed and found himself in an opening between two crumbled and moss strangled trunks.  Drumpit’s sapling stood as tall as it could in the middle.  Oreole’s quickly leapt away from him to spring into the ground beside it.
‘At least one of us will remember where they are,’ Oreole said with a smile. 

***

In the heavy clouded afternoon, Marmel and Oreole were still rummaging down the slopes to the north.  The day had turned cold with a wind picking up from the east.   Only a few trees broke gusts as the boys huddled into their tunics and watched their footing on the loose dirt and rocks.  
Stretched out below them was the Northern Bog.  Under a canopy of branches was a valley filled with murky shallow water.  Marmel had never wandered this close to it.  He was always kept away by the stench and the stories.
Slipping on the gravels of stone, he gripped to a scraggly little tree.  The satchel of food rolled over his shoulder and hit the ground.  Marmel thought there must be an easier way north.
‘Remember what they used to tell us to keep us out of there?’ Oreole said, looking up after the stones Marmel kicked down trickled by him.  Oreole’s Fee tumbled off his shoulder and whistled around as he stopped. 
‘Which ones?’ Marmel replied, still holding the tree and resting for a minute.  
‘I think my favourite was the giant snake that would catch you and then bake you in a cake.’
Marmel smiled, remembering all the stories, as he tried to adjust in his uncomfortable sitting position.
 ‘I mean,’ Oreole continued, ‘how does a snake bake a cake?  He doesn’t have any hands.’
‘They told me,’ Marmel remembered, ‘that the snake would eat you and then another bigger monster would catch the snake, fold it around and then bake it into a pretzel.’
‘They just make those up to keep us out of the Bog.  That’s what my brother says.  Why would we want to go in there anyways?  All they had to say is that it’s cold, wet and stinks.’
The wind shifted to swirl up from the north.  ‘You’re right,’ Marmel said, putting a sleeve to his face.  A damp acidic mist from the Bog flared in his nose.
Oreole smiled and continued to scramble down.  Marmel reached back to feel for Cai.  She was asleep, nestled behind his neck and squeaking and wheezing in equal measure.  Pushing the satchel of food in front of him, Marmel carefully rose and tested his footing before he started his decent again.
Down below, the slope levelled to a ledge just beneath the tree line.  The ledge was covered with powdered white lichen, a moss that clung to the trees of the Bog.  Reaching the ledge, Oreole looked down to the water below.  It was muddy and filled with weeds.
‘So where are these Mantos fruits?’ Oreole asked after Marmel cautiously climbed down beside him.
Marmel stood up and looked through the tangle of branches of the Bog.  
‘They run along the ground,’ Marmel replied.
‘Fantastic,’ Oreole flattened, looking again over the water.
‘If we climb through these trees,’ Marmel answered, ‘we should find some kind of path to dry ground.  Avel said the fruit would be past the Bog and I don’t see a way around it from here.’
‘Well I’m not climbing back up,’ Oreole said. 
Without hesitating, Oreole stepped onto a large twisted bough that extended close to the edge.  His Fee whirled again before landing on his shoulder, watching as he started to climb through the thick mesh of trees.
Before he followed, Marmel looked to his right and saw a distant column of smoke rising in the sky.  The smoke crawled underneath the clouds to reach and then scatter to nothing.  Seeing Oreole disappear into the branches, Marmel put it out of his mind and followed after.  
The lichen cracked under their feet as they climbed just under the canopy of leaves.  Marmel and Oreole were silent, being careful not to slip or step on any dead branches.  As they struggled through the tangle of trees, they became used to the smell and the stench from the Bog faded.
Oreole leaned on a tree and looked up as he ran out of breath.  A rare cluster of light flowers bloomed overhead.  They were shut tight in the late afternoon but would soon open as the day moved to dusk.
‘Are you hungry?’ Oreole rasped back to Marmel.
Marmel’s stomach suddenly reminded him of the little he had eaten.  Tired and leaning heavily on a bough, he remembered he hadn’t eaten since before he saw Nova that morning.
Carefully lunging over to Oreole, Marmel swung his bag from his shoulder and sat down on the white-crusted bark.  Oreole then slumped on the branch next to him.  After dusting his hands of the lichen, Marmel opened the bag and gave Oreole a piece of bread.  He then took out the handful of fruit that Avel had given him and put one behind his neck.  Cai must have woken up.  She peeked her head out with a chirp to quickly grab and swallowed the small fruit.  Marmel handed a few more to Oreole and watched as his Fee swallowed two or three at a time with its long beak.
After giving a few more pieces of fruit to Cai, Marmel divided up the food for him and Oreole.  Each of them had a half grapefruit, half a hardboiled egg, two small loaves of bread and one and a half pieces of baking.  Unwisely, the baking he decided to divide was the one with the green whipped topping and the chocolate crumbly bottom.  His share fell apart into a mess and Marmel was stuck with a handful of gooey black and green crumbs while he ate with his other hand.
Not realizing how hungry they were, they quickly ate most of the food in the satchel.  Marmel took care to save two pieces of baking.  He didn’t want them to eat everything.  Having eaten the fruit, egg, bread and given their birds their fill of the small black berries, they both sat and listened to the sounds of the Bog.  Small fish splashed lightly in the waters and birds cawed distantly through the treetops.  Insects started to swarm but were pushed away by a sudden wind rushing over the leaves.
‘Where do you think Cover and Fredrick went?’ Oreole said as he looked down at the fish nabbing insects off the water.
‘Hopefully somewhere better than here,’ Marmel replied, rubbing the remains of an insect that had landed on his face.
‘I hope we get to go with the King when we’re a 13,’ Oreole said leaning back.  ‘Some years the guides have been so old they couldn’t have gone very far.
‘Anyways,’ Oreole continued ‘I’m not going to let Cover be all secretive about it.  He’s going to tell me everything when he gets back.’
‘I’m not worried about it,’ Marmel replied.  ‘Fredrick isn’t very good at keeping secrets.’
‘Ya,’ Oreole laughed. ‘Cover said that they’re thinking about blindfolding him so he can’t say anything to anyone.’
Marmel smiled and reached into his satchel, deciding to share the last two pieces of baking after all.
Suddenly the leaves fell silent.  The wind had died and a quiet hung in the air.  There were no splashing fish or cawing birds.  The slow movement of the water settled and clearly reflected the boys sitting in the trees above.  
Marmel looked down at the water.  It began to make slow wide ripples.  Something was moving through it from far away.  Then a dismal echo ripped through the quiet.  Growls carried over the water as Marmel and Oreole gazed in their direction.  
The boys didn’t move.  The ripples in the water grew larger and rammed against the thick wet bark of the trees.  Turning his head, Marmel could see hulking masses of fur leaning into the haze and waded towards them.  They soon formed a hideous line below the boys.  Marmel and Oreole could only sit motionless with fear.  
Not even daring to move his head, Marmel looked down as they passed.  The beasts looked like huge ragged wolves.  Knotted fur covered their mass with hollow yellow eyes peering over teeth that barred with each breath.
On their backs were figures lying in a twisted dangling clutch.  The figures were wrapped in fabric like Nova and her clan.  But the pieces were dirtied, torn and falling off to reveal the same fur of the wolves dripping off their bones.  With their long misshapen heads tucked between the shoulders of the beasts, they gripped onto rusted spears that skimmed lightly over the water.  Many wide v-shaped lines rippled far behind to scatter through the trees. 
Someone from Nova’s clan led the beasts from atop his wolf.  Marmel thought he looked the same as all the others in the clan, except for a large overstuffed book tied to his back.  
The man kept his distance in front of the line as he led them through the water.  He would often look back as his Volt kept his head down uneasily.
Feeling suddenly heavy on the branches, Marmel glanced over to Oreole.  Oreole’s mouth moved as if to say something, but he only looked back down to the creatures passing below.
They waded and snarled past with the last beast lagging far behind.  It didn’t growl as the others, but limped through the water and coldly looked ahead. As it passed, Marmel could see a scar reaching down from the figure’s back.  It lined down its body to end over the stomach of the beast it rode on.  
The boys looked as the last creature passed nearly out of sight.  Oreole slowly leaned out to see and his Fee let out a quiet whistle as it stretched on his shoulder.  Turning to his bird, Oreole leaned heavier on the branch in front of him.  It cracked and the sound echoed over the water.  
The branch held as Oreole clutched onto it.  He looked to see the scarred creature had stopped and was slowly turning towards them.  The figure on top of the beast twisted with a shiver to turn its head, flashing its white eyes at them.  Its mouth just hung loose from its jaw. 
The wind suddenly cracked over the bows of the trees above.  Under the rush of the leaves, Marmel and Oreole watched the beast approach through a swirling mist.  
It then slowly turned and waded out of their sight.  The boys gripped motionless to the creaking branches and felt the air blown out of their lungs. 
They waited under a heavy fear.  Oreole finally crept to his feet and peered through the branches.  He looked over to Marmel and motioned for them to move back in the direction they had come before.  Marmel nodded and leaned into a crouch before reaching to stand.  He carefully stretched to the next tree, pressing against the bark to look down over the other side.
Two yellow eyes glared coldly up into his.  Beside a rusted spear that had been set to stick out of the water, the beast stood motionless.  Marmel didn’t look away and leaned down in terror.  The figure on his back was gone.  
Marmel glanced back to Oreole and watched in horror as long pieces of torn fabric inched down around him.  The ragged hairy figure had climbed above them and now crept upside down over Oreole.  Holding the bark with its long weary arms, it twisted its head to pierce its eyes at Marmel.
Marmel breathed words he couldn’t speak.   Oreole stopped moving and looked at him in fear.  A single piece of torn fabric descended in front of Oreole’s face.
Breaking his gaze and without looking, Oreole leapt past Marmel.  The dried and cracked branch he landed on splintered and broke beneath his feat.  As he fell, Marmel reached out and grabbed his arm but Oreole only dangled in the air for a moment.  Marmel’s other hand quickly slipped from a branch covered in lichen.  The small Fee rolled off Oreole’s shoulder with a whistle as they tumbled down to splash in the drudge of water.  
Struggling against the tangle of weeds, they lurched upright to hunch before the yellow-eyed beast.  It looked at them with a wild hunger as its chest heaved under its fur.  
Marmel turned and found the strength to scramble from the weeds and hide behind a tree.  Oreole remained still, only to slowly back onto the other side of the same tree.
Marmel leaned in a shiver as he listened to the figure climb down towards them.  With a splash he could hear it land before Oreole.  He listened as Oreole’s Fee let out a whistle and the figure splashed and shrieked in pain.  Oreole’s Fee must have slashed at the monster.
But then after a moment, there was a hollow thud.  The spear had been taken out of the water.  The figure had thrown it through Oreole, hitting the trunk of their tree.
Oreole trembled and struggled to breathe.  Marmel turned to only see him weakly lift his hand and then drop it again.  He heard the figure stomp forward with a deafening screech and reach to rip the spear from the tree.
With a crumple of the bark, Oreole slumped down into the sludge and breathed in a rasp.  Marmel saw his hand fall motionless as the Fee landed back on Oreole’s shoulder.  With a long flutter, it tumbled off and whirled into a high whistle past Marmel.  The Fee skimmed and rolled along the surface of the water before disappearing into the windy mist.




Chapter 9



Embers



Marmel trembled and held his back to the tree.  No sounds came through the wind as Oreole slumped motionless on the other side. 
With a breath, Marmel inched up the bark to stand.  The murky water dripped off him.  His tunic was soaked and the wind grated with a rasping cold.
Suddenly there was a movement in the water.  Marmel felt the figure that loomed over Oreole wading around the tree.
Marmel seized forward and moved in a slow lunge.
Thin lichen covered branches extended out over the surface in front of him.  Marmel quickly grabbed hold and pulled himself in.  The slender branches ran the tree’s height and he started to climb under the weight of his tunic.  
As Marmel crawled upwards, he looked back for a moment.  The figure had hardly moved and coldly stared down at Oreole.  
The creature’s matted misshapen head then twisted to glare up at him.  Marmel’s bones locked in fear and he held close to the bark to keep from falling.
 Suddenly he heard shouting and a rushing of water.  The Ly Ryder with the large book on his back had returned and slowed his Volt to a stop in front of Oreole.  His expression hung from his face before silently looking at the monster that stood over the boy.  The figure made a sound from its hung jaw, low and pulsing, and rattled its spear.
The man vacantly turned back to Oreole and dismounted into the water to stand over the boy.  
The sound from the figure grew louder to get the man’s attention.  It pointed up towards Marmel.  As the man turned and saw him, Marmel looked away and heaved up the final branches into the canopy overhead.   
Marmel stumbled and grasped through the tangle of branches as he moved quickly away.  Through the wind he could hear the man scream at the figure, a rushing of water and terrible snapping growls. 
The wind calmed and the sounds of the struggle stopped.  All he could hear were the branches creak under his feet and the scrapping of his hands against the bark.  
He stopped and breathed as he held to a leaning old dead tree.  Below, the water was near motionless and he could see his ragged reflection in the shallows.   
Marmel heard a small chirp from behind his neck.  Cai jumped out and shook her feathers as drops of water splashed against him.  With another shake she sidestepped to tuck her head underneath his chin.  He gently ran his finger over the little bird’s head and wings as he calmed his breath.  Looking below, wide ripples moved through the water from behind. 
He quickly lurched through a few more trees before coming to an opening.  A mounded path cut through the middle of the Bog to sweep to the southwest.  Looking below, the ripples in the water were larger and closer together.  Growls of the wolves echoed towards him.
Marmel jumped and landed on the path like a heavy wet rag.   His tunic dripped off him, covered with dirt, and weighed heavily on his back.  As he tried to stand he felt the cold and a shivering weakness crept across him.  
He rose to a hunch and stumbled forward.  The trees seemed to lean over him as Marmel staggered past each one.  He heard nothing but his clothes drawing across the ground and the sharp drags of his feet on the path.   
Marmel was weak.  He tripped and fell to his hands. Looking back for a moment, he could see a few of the wolves and their hideous riders walking onto the path.
Marmel knew the beasts would overtake him here.  Through the Bog he could see a slope that had crumbled down into the water.  He had to move.  He hoped they couldn’t follow him there.
Not looking behind him, Marmel waded back into the murk.  It was deep and the sludge rose above his chest as he slowly toed through the soft weed-filled bottom.  Cai held close to his cheek and flapped her wings when the water would rise near her. 
Suddenly Marmel heard the hungry breaths of the wolves on the path behind him.  They had stopped for a moment before splashing in after.
Marmel paddled his arms to creep forward.  Almost to the slope, his feet slipped on the weeds and he seemed to slow even more.
Then he touched onto stone.  Quickly holding to the slippery surface with his hands, Marmel lifted himself up. In front of him large moss covered rocks lay just under the surface.
Hearing the monsters prowl just behind him, Marmel scrambled and splashed over the rocks to reach the slope.  He grabbed hold of a small tree and lifted out of the water under the weight of his tunic.  
Marmel’s hands and knees scraped against the stones as he climbed.  The cold wind ran along the cliff and the ache returned to his body.  
He heard splashing and growling underneath him.  Not stopping to look down, he reached to feel a ledge just above his head.  He rattled his legs against the stones and heaved his chest up and rolled onto it.
He could only breathe.  Marmel then turned his body to look down over the edge.  Below he could see the wolves snarl and snap as they stumbled and splashed off the stones beneath the water.  Their misshapen riders clung to them, screeching as they became soaked from the struggle.  Marmel then saw through the tree line some distance behind them.  The scarred figure, the monster that had killed his friend, stared up at him. 
Marmel could only look away.  He saw he was on a path cut into the side of the cliff.  It wound upwards to the forest and down behind him into the Bog.  
The figures and their beasts suddenly turned from the foot of the slope to wade back where they came.  But the scarred figure remained still.  It wouldn’t look away from him.  Marmel knew they would soon find him, but he couldn’t move.  He was too afraid.
Cai pressed against his cheek and started to chirp and move her claws on his neck.  She fluttered her wings and grabbed hold to try and lift Marmel off the ground.  Marmel looked over at his little bird.  She was desperately trying to help him get up.  He couldn’t let her down.  Taking a measured breath, he struggled to sit up and then pivot on his hand before rising into a hunch.
With another flutter of Cai’s wings, he moved forward.  His muscles started to loosen and warm.  He could manage a stumbling run with his hands pressing against the cut side of the slope.  
The evening light deepened around him as he climbed the path back towards home.  The trail wound high over the Bog.  As it flattened to drive into the forest, Marmel quickly disappeared between the dark lines of the trees to head towards the village.   

***

As night filled the forest, Marmel only tried to keep moving through the rows of long shadows.  He knew that he couldn’t stop. The ice in his bones would topple him to the ground.  Again and again he would keep pace by focusing on something in the distance and then stumble to reach it.
Aside from the crumple of dried brush under his feet, he didn’t hear anything.  There were no growls from the wolves tracking him from the Bog.  There were no low pulsing sounds from the figures that clutched to them.  And in front of him, there was nothing.  No distant chatter of the crowds from the village. No thumping of trees from their riders moving them over the ground. 
Reaching a boulder, he leaned heavily on it.  He was weighed down and felt blinded by the cold.  Cai fluttered her wings to get him moving again, but he could hardly stand and only gasped.
Suddenly he heard a rustle of leaves beside him in the brush.  He slowly turned, helplessly, to look at whatever was coming towards him.  
Waddling out onto the path were three small but very over-ripened Mantos fruits.  These were the fruits Avel had sent them for.  The fruits to heal Cai.  Marmel thought if only they had found these before, as he watched them nearly tip over themselves in a wobbly uneven line.  
Careful not to fall himself, he reached down and weakly picked one up off the ground.  The other two changed course to slowly get away. 
With the fruit bobbing in his hand, Marmel remembered how it had healed his shoulder that morning with Fredrick.  Leaning back on the rock, he plucked a piece of orange fruit from behind its leaves.  At night the fruit was translucent.  It glowed in his shaking hand before the light faded away. 
After eating it he could feel a tingle of heat reach from his chest to line down his arms and legs.  Then with a gust of cold wind it vanished.  Marmel felt a little stronger and able to move again.
 As he watched the other two Mantos fruits waddle around and past the boulder, he reached for his bag.  It was soaked and still clung to his side.  After placing the one fruit inside, he followed the other two and then bent low to pick them up and put them in the bag as well.  They seemed to settle there comfortably. 
Marmel looked up and was able to see a little clearer.  Far in the distance through the trees were the open spaces of the village.  There would be people and warm dry clothes waiting for him.  And he could warn them about the monsters in the Bog.  He could tell them what happened.
He started forward again and grappled to every tree and rock as he heaved his body over the ground.  Coming to the last tree, he hunched against it and tried to slow his breath as he glared into the village.
There was nothing.  The village was deserted with carts overturned and scattered food and garbage on the ground.  The sound of flapping banners was the only thing that broke the quiet.  The lofts sat above them.  They had a soft glow of light flowers seen through their small rounded windows.
Marmel wanted to call out, but his voice was thin and couldn’t cut through the silence.  He tumbled forward and past a tipped-over cart of oranges and blue sparklers before reaching the first tree he could.  Widely spaced branches circled up the trunk under the loft.  When Marmel reached the first branch he breathed with relief.  Even some of the oldest and weakest people in High Forest could reach the lofts on their own.
One of the branches above reached down for him to hold onto.  The one he was standing on rotated forward and up while the branch in front moved backward for him to step on. To take him around the trunk and up to the loft, he simply had to take small steps from one to the next and hold onto the branches hanging overhead.   
Gliding up underneath, Marmel stood under a wooden door in the floor.  Hoping it was not blocked, he pushed weakly and it opened.  The branch he stood on slowly rose up and he rolled inside and lay down.  
Inside the loft was warm as a few light flowers strung across the ceiling heated the room in a dim light. The floor was flat, covered in fur rugs and centered on a tall rounded clay stove that thinned upwards to an opening in the pointed roof. The walls were near bare, with things strewn about to look like the family had left in a hurry.  In the corner hung one of the heaping Olin costumes Marmel last saw the night of the play.  
Cai jumped off his shoulder to the ground and hopped over to the stove.  Marmel followed and felt the warmth from the coals.  
Marmel crawled around and found a dry tunic on the floor and dragged it back.  Shivering, he peeled off his and slopped it down in a pile beside him.  He quickly pulled over the new tunic and wrapped a few fur blankets around and underneath of him. 
There were a few coals scatted beside the stove and Marmel reached to place them inside.  He watched the coals until they caught the heat from the ones below them.  
Marmel noticed a worn clay cooking pot suspended above the embers.  He opened the lid and saw the remnants of a soup inside. It had a thin spicy broth with crushed peanuts, long clear noodles and fresh white bean sprouts.  Looking around he found a cracked bowl lying beside him on the floor and waited for the soup to warm.  
He reached over to his soaked bag.  The Mantos fruits were still settled happily and he grabbed two more pieces of the glowing orange fruit.  They were cold to touch as the light faded in his hands.  He quickly ate them and felt the heat run under his skin to his toes and fingertips.  Even his ears felt warm as his head thawed in front of the stove.
Waiting for the soup to heat, Marmel watched Cai groom and flutter her wings.  He listened for any sounds from outside the loft.  But nothing came.  Through the hum of the breeze, there were no people, birds or monsters from the Bog. 
The soup steamed quickly as there was just a small amount left in the bottom.  He reached in with his bowl and tipped out some of the broth and noodles, not wanting the soup to run out of the crack in the bowl. Blowing and sipping it slowly, he tasted bits of beef and a sweet flavour of lime.  
Marmel finished and felt his stomach warm.  Putting the bowl down, he leaned back and nearly collapsed.  He crumpled some blankets behind him and laid his head down as the last of the coals were fading in the stove. Cai hopped over to nestle by his legs and Marmel hugged his fur blankets around him.  He quickly fell asleep, listening to the breeze through the small dark windows.

***

Marmel woke suddenly.  It was still night and the coals in front of him inched a heat across the floor. Cai was tucked into a fold of his blanket beside him and slept with a wheezing chirp.
‘Stath,’ a voice called from outside. Marmel could hear the little growls of his Volt to tell him the voice came from a Ly Ryder.
The voice called again.
Stath suddenly answered from a distance, ‘Have you seen a boy come through here?’  Marmel opened his eyes wide.
‘A boy?  I thought everyone had left.’
‘I’ve tracked him here from the Bog.’
‘Where are our Consumed?  Bale said you were leading them here from the north.’
The Consumed, Marmel thought.  That was the name of the monsters in the Bog.
‘I’ll worry about them.  Help me find this boy.  He fell into the water up there and I’m worried he’s freezing to death.’
There was a pause and Marmel sat up and tried to press the sleep from his eyes.
‘He might be in the lofts,’ the voice answered.  ‘I saw a bit of smoke coming from this part of the village a few hours ago.’
‘Which one?’
‘I’m not sure. When I saw it I was too far away to tell.’ 
‘So they’ve led everyone out of the Forest?’ Stath asked.
‘I hope so.  They’ve all been led away far to the south.  I wouldn’t want anyone here when those Arachs come with all their bugs and beasts around them.’
Marmel couldn’t believe.  What other monsters were coming to High Forest?  He was reminded of the hushed stories they were told about the Arachs riding the giant spiders in the last war.  His stomach dropped remembering falling out of the tree after seeing one in a dream a few nights before. 
‘Have there been any sign of them?’
‘No. A party of tree riders is scouting for them, but I heard they haven’t seen anything.’
‘Where’s Bale?’
‘He’s with the Redro.  He wants payment in obsidian before he will commit us to help defend the forest from the Arachs.’
Marmel leaned closer to the window to listen.
‘I think all the Redro agreed eventually,’ the voice continued.  
‘All except that birdman, Avel.  He’s just perched at the edge of the Plateau and looking across the lake at the burning tree.  There must be every bird in the forest up there with him.’
‘Help me find this boy and then we’ll go talk to Bale.  We’ll search these lofts and hope he’s found a warm spot in one of them.  You start searching the ones over there.  I’ll start here,’ Stath commanded.
After a moment, he heard them start to move. Marmel crept higher to peer out of the window as one Ryder moved away and out of sight.  Stath was gazing up underneath the loft next to his.
Marmel felt the cold leech back over his skin as he looked at the large book strapped to the Ryder’s back. Stath was the man from the Bog leading the Consumed – the creatures that murdered his friend.
Marmel couldn’t let Stath find him. He leaned back to the floor and cupped his hand under Cai. She was still asleep as he carefully placed her back behind his neck. Cai nestled in the folds of his tunic and started to wheeze in sleep.
Rising to his feet, he looked carefully out of the window again.  Stath was standing on his Volt’s back.  He was reaching for the stiff branches underneath the loft across from him.  Marmel decided to move as the Ryder struggled to climb around to the other side. 
Marmel crept across the floor, picked up his damp satchel of fruit and put it over his shoulder. The Mantos were nearly still and seemed content to soak up the water in the bag.  Leaning down, he opened the trap in the floor and peeked his head through it.  Stath was nearly underneath the loft.  His Volt circled lumped down to rest on the ground.
Climbing higher, Stath balanced on a bough and searched for the opening.  As he quickly found it and started to heave himself into the loft, Marmel moved out of his.  Marmel stood down on the branch below him.  With each step he glided down as the branches moved silently underneath his feet.
Putting his feet on the grass, he paused and looked at the giant Volt resting across from him. It lay on its stomach and yawned with its head down on the ground.  He needed to move quickly before the Volt noticed him, or Stath climbed back out of the loft. 
But where would he go? The village was empty.  His mind scattered in every direction as he thought.  He had to tell someone about the Consumed and what happened to Oreole.  He wondered where Fredrick, Nova and Ash were right now and hoped they were somewhere safe.  The Arachs had lit a tree across the lake.  That must have been the column of smoke he saw before he followed Oreole into the Bog. 
Then he thought of it.  He crept quietly and made a wide circle around the Volt.  As he passed, Stath struggled out of the door of the loft.  His Volt rolled up on all fours and padded his feet with a huff as he waited for Stath to come down.  With the noise, Marmel quickened and rounded to the treed edge of the village.  
Marmel leapt onto a trail behind the trees and started in a quiet run.  He knew the path wound with the outline of the village and rolled to the south.  As he ran, the trees passed quickly by him and he saw the shadows of the lofts reach across the grass.
Marmel suddenly heard the distant yells of the Ryders and the howling and barks of their Volts.  They must have found his wet pile of clothes in the loft.  He quickened his pace.  If Stath could track him through the Bog, he could follow him here.
After a bend in the trail, Marmel reached another path that drove east into dense forest.  It was dark except for a soft white glow soaking the tips of the treetops.  He glided easily through.  Marmel knew every fallen branch and half buried stone on the paths lining the village. 
The trail wound out and around and then began to climb sharply.  Marmel scrambled past the rocks breaking the path and saw the dark mass of the forest inch away below. The trees started to thin and the canopy above him broke to show countless stars burning holes in the sky.
Marmel emerged from the scattering of trees to the Plateau. Looking across, he remembered almost falling off and the Arlows holding him in the air.  On the far eastern side sat Avel looking out over the edge.  He was surrounded by vast numbers of Fees and Arlows perching to the wind twisted trees that clung to the sides of the cliff.  
Marmel gathered into a run.  Just out of the trees, a wind fell on him from over the treetops and helped to carry him across the ground.  As he came closer, the host of birds started to caw and flutter and Avel turned to see him.
Marmel stopped a short distance away and the birds silenced with a gesture from Avel.  Cai jumped out from behind his neck with a flutter onto Marmel’s shoulder.  Marmel saw Avel was dressed in a cloak with the ornaments of his long shirt reflecting darkly under the folds of the fabric.  
Avel came over and looked at him out of his left eye. ‘You shouldn’t be here Marmel,’ he said.  
Past Avel, Marmel could see down to the far side of the lake below.  Great red and orange embers glowed in the middle of Drie Forest as billows of smoke moved away against the night sky.
Marmel told him about Oreole and the beasts that had killed him in the Bog.
Avel looked through him with a heavy eye.  ‘I sent you there to get out of danger, but it seems I put you right in the middle of it.
‘Bale was angry with you for taking Nova away that morning.  I wanted you as far away as possible for the day,’ Avel said as he peered at Marmel’s bloated and slightly squirming bag.  ‘I see you’ve managed to find some Manos fruit.  That’s remarkable.’
Marmel looked lost. 
 ‘The Bog,’ Avel continued, ‘is probably the worst place to find the Mantos fruit.
‘There was nothing wrong with your bird,’ Avel continued.  ‘Runds tend to hide and not fly for the better part of a day when frightened like she was. I wanted you and Oreole to go somewhere Bale couldn’t find you for a while.  I just wanted time to calm him down.  I never thought the Consumed-’
‘What are they?’ Marmel said as the wind flickered the long sleeves of his tunic.
‘Everyone has their monsters,’ Avel answered distantly as he looked past Marmel.  Marmel turned and saw Bale leading a group of Ly Ryders towards them.  The birds surrounding Avel started to caw and flutter restlessly.
Bale’s voice carried with the wind as they approached.  ‘Avel,’ He said in his quiet commanding tone.  Avel straightened and puffed his chest as he led Marmel behind him and closer to the ledge.  
The other Ryders stopped a distance away and held their spears loosely under their arms or over their shoulders.  Bale prowled forward, looking down at Avel and Marmel over his immense dark Volt. He walked slightly past them to look at the forest smoulder across the lake.
‘Have there been any sign of the Arachs?’ Bale asked without looking at Avel.  Avel stayed silent, never looking away from the Ly Ryders in front of him.
‘So no then,’ Bale answered himself.  ‘They will come.  Every war with them started with a burning tree.  Just never so close to here.  You will need all of us to stand against what’s coming.’
‘This forest will stand long after we will,’ Avel answered.
‘Not without us. You forget too quickly,’ Bale said as he looked back. ‘All we ask for is a reasonable payment.’
Above Marmel, the countless Fees and Arlows rippled and cawed from their perches.
‘I don’t want to see this place infested and burned like the others,’ Bale continued.  ‘I love this forest like everyone else.  Coming to the Festival is something we look forward to.  The play was wonderful,’ Bale said, looking down at Marmel.  ‘You and your friends did an excellent job with King So-Kai and the Terror.’
Avel gazed past him as Marmel heard muffled snapping growls in the distance. A few Fees and Arlows circled off the trees and swept above them.
‘Do you read much poetry?’ Bale went on. ‘I just starting reading my daughter’s poetry book, Poems of the Fist Age.  It’s a fantastic book with everything from children’s bedtime rhymes to war sonnets.’
Avel stayed silent and focused as more cawing and whistling birds lifted off the trees above them.  The hideous growls behind the Ly Ryders sharpened.  Marmel saw the creatures from the Bog lurching towards them through the dark.  The wind picked up the long pieces of the figures’ frayed clothing to arch and snap in front of them.
 ‘Today I found a good poem about King So-Kai,’ Bale continued. ‘When mountains woke from distant sleep I think it began.’
The Ly Ryders spread uncomfortably to let the Consumed skulk towards Avel and Marmel.  Leading them was the scarred creature, the monster that took his friend, clinging to the side of his pale ragged wolf.  Marmel felt the cold from the Bog pierce through his skin again as the beast gazed at him. 
‘It’s about King-So-Kai coming back from the dead,’ Bale said in quiet order.
As the scarred creature drew near, Avel’s hand gently put Marmel further behind him.  With the other hand he made a gesture and the whole of the birds lifted off at once and swirled above their heads in a shadowed rage.  The Ly Ryders stepped back as their Volts trembled under the flight.  The Consumed opened their glazed white eyes from the sides of their beasts and breathed in a tone that was low and rattling.  
‘Don’t anger them Avel,’ Bale said as the scarred creature closed on them.  ‘They will not hurt anyone.  I brought them here to help us.  They hate the Arachs and their hoards as much as we do.’
The birds let out a cawing and a piercing whistle. Avel finally looked at Bale and said, ‘I will not let them take another boy from us.’  
Bale looked down at him in wonder as Avel raised his hand. The swarm of Fees and Arlows funnelled above. Suddenly they drove down to the scarred figure in a whirling tunnel of wings and claws. 
‘Avel!’ Bellowed Bale as he tried to settle his Volt.
Avel turned around and looked at Marmel as the Consumed broke towards them in a howling run. The column of birds scattered and ripped at the creatures as they came tipped with the flash of their spears.  Avel closed his eyes.  Marmel saw the scarred figure torn and stumbling.  He raised his spear in agony before releasing it to arc and deaden into Avel’s side. 
Avel looked at Marmel with strength as his birds spread into the air.  He heard a splintering crack.  The trees untangled themselves from the ledge.  They fell forward as their roots and gnarled branches came down on the charging beasts.  
While the trees unravelled from the edge, the ground came loose under Marmel’s feet.  His weight shifted and Cai lifted off his shoulder as he tumbled over.  He saw the lake lying out before him.  It reflected the embers of the fire from Drie forest over its surface.  
As he fell, the sounds of the beasts’ cruel yelping faded with the wind and the flap of his tunic.  He dropped head down.  He fell with the scattered earth and stones before limply rolling onto his back.  Marmel saw a tree tumble over the edge and break as it hit against the cliff wall.  
Above, a great funnel of birds was driving down towards him. The column of Arlows reached through the debris with their large claws and wide flickering eyes.  Under a cloud of wings, he felt a pull on the loose fabric of his tunic as their claws gripped onto him.  His body swept away from the rock wall and out over the water.
The cluster of Arlows grabbed and pushed the air as they sped across the lake. In the distance above, he could see the shadowed figure of a Consumed fall from the cliff.  Its long and deformed body detached from the beast as it tumbled through the air.  Above it, the dark outline of Avel stood in a hunch at the edge of the cliff.  He remained still with the spear jutting at a high angle.
Then with the glow of white and yellow eyes of the Consumed behind him, Avel fell.  The Arlows suddenly broke from Marmel and drove back to the cliff wall.  Marmel dropped from the air and turned to skid across the water before plunging into the swell of waves.  He sank and struggled to rise as he thrashed his arms in the quiet of the water.  
Sinking further into the blackness, his hand hit something solid.  Marmel pulled onto it and stood up to bring his chest above the waterline.  He gasped as Cai fluttered down to his shoulder.  Marmel looked at her as he breathed.  He thought, apparently, that didn’t scare her enough to keep her from following him over the cliff and across the lake. 
Marmel looked up at the Plateau.  He heard the snapping growls of the Consumed and the hollers of the Ly Ryders above and out of sight. 
Suddenly the wind swept over him and rattled the cold against his skin.  He turned to see the smoldering glow of the Drie forest in front of him. The birds had taken him close to the other edge of the lake.  Marmel waded over the rocks before feeling the sand under his feet.  He left the water in a crawl as Cai chirped and fluttered her wings as she clung to him.  
Drawn to the heat, he stumbled and disappeared into the ashen glow of the Drie forest.  Smoke plumed out and away as the wind whipped over the water and fed the long cindering trees.



iii



Poems of the First Age

When mountains woke from distant sleep
Unknown

When mountains woke from distant sleep
They dreamed below the grassy fields
From hill and slope and craggy peeks
They moved and ripped the earth beneath
With given ease they shook and tore
The roots of seas and raging streams
To drain into the vast divides
Or drive to sink the desert sand

When oceans filled the jagged cracks
Of deepest wounds in crumbled stone
Awoke those trapped in times forgot
Their bones set free and given form
Of terrors nightmares could not show
They drifted up from darkest reach
To ground to breath consumed by thoughts
To put to rest all children born

But in a field of grassy slopes
Where trees stood watch on nature still
There lied remains of kings of old
Long covered with the rolling mounds
When springs did flood the wooded glen
Returned the soul of King So-Kai
And gave him form that echoed life
To sweep the terror from the land

Men cast their bodies to the dark
Unknown soldier from the third Solent war

Men cast their bodies to the dark
Vainly scream and slash at shadow
They sing and stomp, an ancient arc
Footprints left seed land a fallow
Of spear and teeth ride men to hell
Wolves they mount consume their mighty
They shatter, break in horror dwell
Swell their hearts to die most rightly
Upon return their flags wave high
Peace descends on all who settle
On house on hill on children spry
Dreams of men rust sharpest metal
Yet those returned their minds still war
They long to wake from slumbers bore

Before you sleep I’ll tell you tales
Takmn-Ra of Lach Brewjett

Before you sleep I’ll tell you tales
Of monsters, giants, thieves and scales
We’ll climb the mountains, round the snake
And weigh the gold while dragons wake

But sleep and dream the soundest rest
Mad kings, dark clouds and ghostly pests
Have time allowed but what was penned
My stories made are just pretend

The only thing to fear is mine
In loss of sleep you’re so malign
To wail and rage and horrify
Much more than demons glorified

What keeps me wake and full of dread
To tell the tales beside your bed
Of rainbows, pups and unicorns
That wastes the mind and leaves it shorn



https://twitter.com/eliopaige

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/eliopaige

eli.olivia.paige@gmail.com




