Shadowed



Samiha Hoque
Copyright © 2014 Samiha Hoque
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1494897539
ISBN-13: 978-1494897536



All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be distributed, reproduced, or transmitted in any form of by any means without permission of the author.


The characters and events in this book a fictional, any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.














DEDICATION


To every person in my life that encouraged me to keep writing and never underestimate how far I could go. I would not have gotten this far if it weren’t for you guys.


























Prologue


The blacksmith’s tired eyes followed an eagle in the sky as he trekked south. The eagle was nothing special, had it not been for the two jagged scars that ran along its chest. The blacksmith absently wondered how it could have acquired them. No arrow could make such a mark, but a sword surely could. Who would be daring enough to slash a hunting bird at such a close distance?
After watching it for some time, the eagle dove close to him and let out a shrill, warning cry. His horses snorted and shied away from the eagle, frightened, before the bird disappeared into the clouds.
It was then that he noticed several rogue horsemen had begun to circle the blacksmith’s caravan full of merchandise. But what concerned him more was his pregnant wife lying within the wagon, their child expected to come any moment.
Slapping the reins, the blacksmith urged his horses faster, scolding himself for not travelling any sooner or with any companions. He needed his wife to be taken safely to the midwife’s home in Akron –the King’s city– where he had also planned to have his goods sold to the local merchants.
The hiss of a blade being drawn brought the blacksmith out of his thoughts. One of the rogues charged at him, shouting encouragingly to his fellow men to join him.
The blacksmith’s steeds veered violently to the right, narrowly escaping the rogue’s sword. The blacksmith held tightly onto the reins, his heart racing as he heard his wife’s whimper from within the wagon.
At once, the eagle he’d seen before reappeared, taking a turn to the left, guiding the blacksmith to an unseen forest trail. With no other choice, the blacksmith followed the eagle into the woods. 
After some moments of silence, an arrow cut through the air, narrowly missing the blacksmith’s head. 
Believing the rogues were after his inventory and not he, the blacksmith stopped his horses and jumped down to take his wife to safety. The young woman held onto her husband tightly as he gently lifted her out of the wagon.
Taking a quick look of his surroundings, the blacksmith went as far away from the loaded wagon as he could, hoping that by giving what they had come for, the rogues would not harm him or his wife.
Stumbling through the trees, the blacksmith finally stopped, easing his wife onto the ground. The heat pressed down upon them as she groaned and gripped his hand, sweat beading at her temple.
“Shhh,” he whispered, wiping her forehead. The sounds of distant voices made him gaze up, fearing the worst.
“Is something wrong Vincent? Why did we leave the wagon?” she asked, her eyes searching his. He sighed, unable to find an answer that would not bring his wife any more distress than she was in now. “Vincent?”
“Madeline, just stay calm whilst I make sure everything is all right,” he said getting up, the voices getting louder as the moments wore on. He had to do something or he could lose them both.
Something fluttered in his vision.
Perched on a low branch was the same eagle that had led Vincent here. It occurred to him then that the eagle was not sitting on a low branch. No, his skilled eyes realized it to be something far more valuable. 
It was a sword.
The eagle flew away as Vincent made a grab for it. The sword pulled out smoothly from the earth, its metal gleaming black under the shade of the trees.
Madeline’s scream sliced through Vincent’s initial awe of the blade. Quickly turning back, he knelt besides her, dropping the sword to his side.
“It is coming,” she whispered, sucking in breath as she gripped his shoulder. “The baby is coming.” Minutes passed in agony, as Vincent could do nothing for his wife but hold her hand and comfort her with his words.
Their child, a girl whom the named Melanie, was soon brought into the world.
As Vincent shrugged off his coat to wrap the newborn child with, the trees behind them burst, showering them with dirt.
Snorting, three horses circled the two, their riders surveying them beneath their dark green hoods. 
Vincent’s hand reached out for the sword beside him, his fingers tightening on the faded gold hilt, the child still in his arms, while Madeline rested against a tree, barely conscious. 
“What do we have here?” one of them chided, his voice raw and cracked. “Do you not know it is not safe to take a new mother into the woods?”
“Please, take my things and go,” Vincent pleaded. “I shall not tell a soul–”
“It is not your goods we are after, it is your child,” the man interrupted, taking Vincent by surprise.
“My child?” he echoed, “for what purpose would you want my child?”
The man ignored his question, his snake-like eyes on the baby in Vincent’s arms. “We seek a baby girl.” 
Vincent paled, glancing down at his child, his baby girl. Swallowing, he looked back up at the man who had spoken.
“My wife gave birth to a boy,” he lied. The rogue narrowed his eyes and opened his mouth to speak when something flashed in front of him, causing his horse to rear up.
The eagle clawed at him and his horse, causing it to rampage blindly into its fellow horsemen.
In all the confusion, Vincent caught one of the now rider-less horses and cradled his wife and child onto it, and got on behind her, taking the sword with him. He kicked the horse into a full gallop, taking them as far away as he could from the rogues.
After several fear-filled moments, Vincent slowed the horse by a bubbling stream. Dismounting, he lifted Madeline off the horse and sat her down onto the grass. She was holding their child tightly and her hair clung to her moist forehead, too weak to speak out about what had happened.
Pulling out a handkerchief, Vincent walked over to the stream and dunked it into the cold water to relieve his wife of her fever. Just as he stood up to go, a child’s faint cry caught his attention. For a moment, Vincent did nothing, but guilt gnawed within him the longer he stood there.
Caught in the tall reeds of the stream was a wicker basket, a baby lying within it.  
The moment Vincent’s eyes fell upon her, all his worries ceased to exist as if a spell had overcome him. With nothing else in mind, he picked her up, awed. A slip of paper fell from the blanket she was wrapped in, and Vincent bent down to look at it. It read: 
“One day the bearer shall come; 
from the light she will rise,
and into the darkness she shall fall.
Heed this warning,
and raise her well,
for all of Tenebris shall die at her will.
~Queen Sellena the First
By the time Vincent had taken the child back to his wife, his mind had been compromised. He no longer worried about the rogues after his firstborn. All he could think about was caring for the baby girl he had just found. And only her.
~~~
The eagle screeched in fury, circling high above the merchant and his wife. In its eye, the air shimmered with old, familiar magic. 
Diving into the dense woodlands, it descended as close at it could from the force field that had prevented its approach on either of the two baby girls.
Its green eyes glowed and in a cloud of black smoke, a man appeared, cloaked in dark green. He stepped forward, a hand hovering over the invisible barrier.
 	“You have come back,” he whispered.
~~~
The enchantment placed upon the baby girl, named Selenah, grew over the years Vincent and Madeline raised her; the spell upon them becoming stronger with every passing moment they lived. 
Selenah had begun to exert powers as she grew up, consuming things with an unearthly fire or make things appear out of thin air. Her abilities spread through the kingdom with renown, catching the attention of both royalty and evil.
But on the fifteenth year of their birth, a dream had come to Selenah; the nightmares that plagued her with the gift of foreseeing death. The spell placed upon her to protect her would fade out the moment this dream came to pass. And it started with Vincent and Madeline’s death. 
****
I remember that day. The day they came for Selenah. Father had given her a bow and a quiver full of arrows that glowed at her touch. Mother had given her a ruby amulet saying it had been a family heirloom she wished her to have. They had not given me anything, until I had asked them, which was a little more than disappointing.
But Father gave me a sword still in its scabbard and I thought of it as a treasure then, especially when I saw the look in his eyes when he had given it, almost as if he cared about me.
In all honesty, I had never liked my sister, Selenah. She had always been perfect in my parents’ eyes. She was beautiful, brave, strong, ambitious, and clever. She had magic running through her veins. I did not. I knew the Dark Mages were after her and not me. For what fool would want a magic-less peasant?
Selenah and I fled the house the moment we heard the beating of the crows’ wings in the distance. Mother and Father, we knew, would not make it out alive; Selenah had foreseen it. She had confided it one night to me and cried over it for days, making me promise not to tell them. I did as she had said, because Selenah had said her visions had always come to pass.
There was no place, no home, left for me if they died, and thus my journey began.










CHAPTER one: a knight to remember


Heavy rain poured down from the sky, soaking us to the skin. I looked back at Selenah. Her golden hair was flat against her face, but she still looked beautiful. It only made me feel worse than I already was.
“We should stop, Mel.” Her voice floated to my ears despite the torrential rain.
“Why should we?” I asked, furrowing my brow. Just as the words left my mouth, I tripped over the large root in front of my feet, catching myself on the wet bark of a nearby tree.
“That is why,” she said as she stopped to sit by a large tree whose leaves took in most of the rain. She started to build a fire while I stood in the background, watching.
“We should not stop, Selenah. They will be after you-us,” I corrected.
“Oh, Mel, do not worry so much. They will be like you, slipping and tripping on tree roots at this time of night, especially since their beloved crows cannot fly in the rain.” Her voice hinted amusement, and in the dim moonlight, I could see a faint smile on her face.
 	“You seem awfully sure about yourself,” I muttered, before I stomped away and sat down on the moist ground. I watched her pull out Father’s bow. She fingered it gingerly and took out the ruby amulet mother had given her. Before their lives were cut short.
Her face softened, eyes watering. I grimaced, feeling my stomach twist. I unsheathed the iron sword father had given to me and glared at it, letting out my anger on the sword.
It was dull and looked ancient. Some of the blade had already begun to rust, turning a coppery color at the sides. The only fashionable thing of the sword was the hilt. It was colored a dark gold, with inscriptions that Father had carved himself.
I threw the sword to the ground in frustration. Why did Selenah get everything? They were after her, not me, I thought, because I am no one.
“Mel,” Selenah said, her voice only loud enough for it to reach my ears.
“What?” I growled, kicking my sword away in disgust.
“Someone is coming, hide!” I looked up, surveying the darkness. There was nothing in sight, including Selenah and the fire she had started. Wait, when had the rain stopped?
I reached to grab the hilt of my sword, when someone’s boot stepped onto the blade. Gasping, I looked up and saw a knight, his armor silver like the moonlight. His amber eyes widened for a moment behind his helmet, as if he were surprised to see me as I was him. 
In a quick motion, I slid the sword from under his foot and stood, ready to fight off the intruder.
“A lass with a sword,” he said, unsheathing his brilliant rapier. It glowed, just like Selenah’s bow when she was ready to strike someone. I took a half step back. Was it possible that he possessed magic too? “But can she best me?” he asked, a smile in his voice. I tried to stay calm and flexed the sword in my hand.
“We shall see,” I said, feigning confidence. I barely knew the basics of swordplay. How could I think to challenge a knight? He scoffed at my words, making my heart race in fear. Where was Selenah when I needed her?
Hoping to take him by surprise, I swung my sword at him, but he leapt out of its reach, turning quickly, he rammed his sword into mine, causing my hand to shake from the vibration. Still, I held on, going for a more forceful and accurate strike when there was a loud crunch behind him. We both turned to see Selenah with her bow taut.
She released the arrow, finding its place in the knight’s arm. He fell to his knees as he tried to remove the arrow, muttering words under his breath. Selenah looked at me with an almost smug look on her face.
“What was that for?” I cried, anger rising in me once more. I nearly had him! She shrugged.
“Looked like you needed help,” she said simply, flipping her golden hair over her shoulder. I bit my tongue to stop myself from replying to her.
“What a fine lass she is,” the knight stated to me, his eyes on Selenah.
I scowled at him, half jealous of the compliment he had given her, and put my sword to his throat. 
“Why have you come here?” I  demanded. “And who sent you?” He smiled. 
“I come here by order of His Royal Majesty.” 
I inhaled sharply. I dropped the sword from his throat. The King himself?  
“Then why did you attack me?”
 	“I was told to seek Selenah, a girl with golden locks,” he said, looking at my deep brown hair, “and with magic. I know many are after her, and you could have been one of them.”
Selenah nodded at his words. “I shall go with you to meet the King.” She tucked away her bow.
“And this arrow?” The knight questioned, indicating his arm.
“Mel can heal it, unless she is not coming with us,” Selenah replied, “to the King’s Castle I believe?” The knight nodded.
I huffed at her words. I knew I could not heal the knight. Not really. It would only look as if I healed the knight, but the magic in her arrow hurt only those who were her enemy. And the knight, as of now, was not. 
It was a game she played with me, trying to make me feel as if I possessed magic. I wondered if she actually thought it helped.
“I can heal it,” I said under my breath, kneeling down to remove the arrow. It came out quickly, and the scar on his arm vanished. The knight was unfazed by its magical properties. Just who was he? The arrow disappeared from my hand, reappearing on the quiver on Selenah’s back as the knight put away his sword.
He got to his feet, nodded a quick thanks, and went after Selenah, showing her to his horse. There was only space on the grey shire for two. Selenah got on after the knight did, and they both looked at me, pity written all over their face.
At this, I turned around and walked away, trying to breathe out the hurt in my chest. I knew the path to the King’s Castle. I did not need any gallant knight to escort me there.
For a moment, I realized that going to the King’s Castle was futile. The King wanted Selenah, not me. Maybe I would have better luck without her.
“Mel!” I heard Selenah yell. My pride kept me from turning back. There was no reason to even listen to her. “Mel!” she called again. “Melanie!” She cried.
I heard their horse neigh, and then its hooves beat against the ground. And it was heading in my direction. I picked up the folds of my dress and ran, unable to stop the tears streaming down my cheeks.
****
Bright sunlight woke me up. Sitting upright, I looked around me. I was under an oak tree. The knight and Selenah were nowhere to be seen. 
I smiled a little. Finally, I was rid of her. I heard the sound of running water and headed for it, but stopped when I heard something a familiar sound behind me.
Getting up, I steadied myself, my mind fully alert. Selenah could not find me. I would not let her, not when freedom was so close. 
But it was not the sound of the knight’s stocky horse. It was the sound of wing beats. Very loud and large wing beats. My eyes widened as my heart began to pound. It must be them, I thought. The Dark Mages. But how did they find me?
Without another moment’s hesitation, I took off as fast as I could towards the running water. Crows did not like freshwater rivers and streams, and for whatever reason, I could not fathom.
But when I reached the river, I saw it was no ordinary river. It was a Rapid River, something I had only read of in father’s old study, where I had spent my days reading. Its blinding white waters hurled itself forward to cascade down into a waterfall.
My breathing faltered. The wing beats of the crows were getting louder. It was now or never. I held my breath and jumped into the Rapid River, knowing that the river itself might just be strong enough to kill me.
The water was ice cold and it bit into my flesh like fangs. I resisted the urge to scream, as the waters hurtled me down toward the waterfall. 
I heard the distant cry of the crows as they came into the clearing and I looked back, their shadowy figures trying to get away from the sprays of fresh water. For a moment I breathed calmly, but then the cold water below thrust me forward, the river now pouring over the gorge.
Unable to contain myself, I screamed, plummeting hundreds of feet below to the bottom of the waterfall, the rush of air and water blurring my vision. My insides felt numb as my body hit the water. The current under me died quickly as I sank down into the depths of the lake.
My muscles lost all their energy and willpower, the darkness below enveloping me. Frantic, I fought the surge of the lake as it tried to pull me under.
All of a sudden, I felt myself being lifted out of the water, as if hands had scooped me out, before placing me gently onto the lakeshore. 
I coughed up water as I tried to breathe. The moment my breathing calmed, I slammed my fist to the ground, angered. Selenah had used magic on me, when she knew quite well that I hated it.
Even as separate as we were, she and I were still together even if we were hundreds of miles apart. It was as if our souls were linked somehow. I thought it because we were twins, sisters born upon the same day, but mother and father never spoke of it. It dawned on me then I could never truly be free of her, no matter what I did.
I stood up with shaky legs, my dress instantly dried as I did so. I gritted my teeth. Another spell. I glanced at my surroundings. A dense forest hugged the lakeside and waterfall. I closed my eyes and thinking back to the times I had spent my days alone memorizing maps and history books.
A Rapid River that flowed east. Thick woods. I must be just north of the King’s Castle, about a quarter of a mile away. I nodded to myself. I was sure I would make it to the King’s Castle the same time Selenah and her knight did, if not, earlier.
****
By the time I reached the King’s Castle gates, I was exhausted. I had spent most of the morning weaving through the forest and had finally come upon the road that lead straight into the King’s City, Akron. 
Seeing the gates, I straightened up and walked in, praying they would allow me to enter. Selenah was sure to have come by now.
“Halt!” commanded the sentry guard as I neared. “No one without authorization is allowed into the King’s Castle.”
“I am Selenah’s sister. I am to meet her there.”
The guard thought for a moment. “I was told the Lady Selenah has golden hair and is to be escorted by the Captain of the Royal Guard. Nothing was said about a sister,” he said, peering down at me through the slit of his helmet.
Of course not, I thought. If the knight –the Captain of the Royal Guard–  escorting Selenah did not know of me, how would the King?
“Let her pass,” someone said behind me. The voice was light, yet commanding. Selenah.
The guard moved out of the way instantly. “Your Ladyship,” he said, bowing to her. “His Majesty is expecting you.”
Selenah nodded and tugged me inside, slightly frowning. I normally would never had let her touch me in such a demeaning way, but I was much too preoccupied with anger from the sentry’s immediate respect for Selenah and not me. 
We were to be ushered straight to the King, but a maid insisted we change and wash up. They took my sword and Selenah’s bow away, but they let her keep her amulet around her neck. Selenah was then fitted in a beautiful silver and pink gown, and I into a dreary blue. 
I clenched my fists as she gazed at herself in the mirror, admiring the dress she had been put into. Why was I given the plain dress and she the magnificent one?
The King’s Castle was not as great as I had imagined it to be. Faded paintings filled the walls, draperies had been left undusted, and the maids themselves seemed sullen.
“Selenah, why is the castle like this?” I whispered to her as a maid escorted us to the King. Selenah looked over at me, her fingers tracing the dark stone walls. Her fingertips lit up for a moment before she spoke.
“When Queen Isomara died a few weeks after the Prince was born, the Royal Priest announced that the castle be in mourning until another queen takes her place.” I leaned back, now looking at the dourness of the castle in a new light. “The King had even halted the Kennel since the Queen favored dogs. He also gave up the Solstice Palace as it was her residency–” she stopped, as the maid halted.
The guard before us bowed to Selenah before opening the large brass doors leading to the Throne Room. She hesitated before walking up into view, while I trailed behind. 
“Your Majesties,” Selenah announced, curtsying. I did the same, but they seemed not to notice me. The King’s and the Prince’s eyes were fixed on Selenah, as if she were a storyteller’s princess come to life. 
I looked away from them, instead, I stared at the empty seat to the King’s right. A crown lay on the seat where I assumed the Queen would have sat in.
“What is your name, child?” The King asked, leaning forward in his throne, an eager expression on his thin face.
“Selenah, your Majesty.” The King smiled broadly, his eyes glancing over at his son and back. 
“And who is the young lady beside you? Your maid?”
I felt my jaw drop. I hoped the King did not intend to be so rude, but I could not help but feel offended by his words. The anger of his uncouth manner towards me was too much to handle, and I was sure if I opened to mouth to correct the King, I would say more than just that.
Instead, I ran out as fast as I could, not thinking of the consequences I could face for doing so. I heard Selenah call after me, but I ran even faster, and straight into a guard. 
I was going to hide my tears and mumble my apologies, when I saw his eyes. I could instantly recognize his amber colored eyes. He was that knight –the Captain of the Royal Guard– who found us in the forest. Except now, he was not wearing his knight’s helmet, revealing a man in his early thirties, with light brown hair.
“Mel, is it?” I did not answer, because he already knew it was my name. I looked away, uncomfortable. I was much too close to the Throne Room. What if Selenah came after me? “It looks like you need a getaway,” the Captain said, eyebrows raised. I frowned.
“How did you know?”
He gave me a covert smile, indicating that I walk with him out of the King’s Castle. Nodding, we walked onto a cobblestone path filled with hedges and topiaries. I did not care where he was taking me, as long as it was away from Selenah, I would comply.
“Tell me, Mel,” the Captain said. “You and Selenah were to meet the King, correct?”
“Only Selenah was supposed to see the King,” I said harshly, not bothering to wipe away a stray tear. He had seen me humiliated before.
“I see,” he said, frowning. He then took out a handkerchief and gently wiped the tear off my cheek before I could do it myself. “Then what were you doing, running out of the Throne Room like that?”
“Trying to be a runaway maid.”
“The King thought...” He left his sentence hanging. “Do not think much of it, Mel. His Majesty has enough on his mind.”
I snorted. “Yes, and obviously only about Selenah.”
“Perhaps–” He stopped himself when we heard heavy footsteps behind us. We both looked back to see the Prince coming toward us with several guards following. “Remember, Mel. You cannot put feelings over the Kingdom.” Surprisingly, he bowed his head to me, and turned to leave, but I caught his arm.
“Wait, you never told me your name.” 
He smiled. “It is Connor.” He walked toward the Prince, bowed, and left.
The Prince looked slightly different than he was before. He was not angry, that was for sure. Displeased perhaps, as I now could see he was frowning.
“Melanie,” he started. It was not a surprise he knew my name. “I want to apologize on my father’s behalf. Please, forgive us for our…lack of respect. Will you please join us for our evening meal?”
“It would be an honor,” I said, curtsying. “And no, forgive me for my thoughtlessness.”
He smiled briefly and held his arm out. I took it as a sign of things to change.


chapter two: Cowardly Hero


The Prince and I made our way back to the King’s Castle. I ducked my head as he escorted me to a dining hall where the King and Selenah were already situated. Selenah smiled at me, but I resisted the urge to frown as I bowed my head to the King, muttering an apology. He waved his hand, dismissing my words and motioned for me to take my seat.
It was not long after we had all settled onto our seats during our supper when a knight burst in, panting. The King looked up at him a flash of fear in his eyes.
“They have come, sir,” the knight said, gasping for breath. “They know.” He looked over at Selenah.
“Follow what was planned,” the King said simply, his face looking a bit more relaxed.
The knight nodded and ran out as fast as he had come in.
“Your Majesty, are they here for me?” Selenah asked, as if she did not know the answer. She had her fingers gripping Mother’s amulet. The King’s jaws tensed.
“Yes, but fear not, they will not get past the Royal Guard,” the King replied. “Their magic as a united force is something to behold.” I looked over at Selenah. She was not the only one who possessed magic now.
Selenah seemed relieved though, and she released her grip on the amulet. The Prince seemed to be watching her, almost as if she were a spectacle he would never tire of.
The realization hit me then making me feel slightly bitter at the thought. It was not because I had feelings for the Prince. No, it was the fact that she had taken another thing from me, without giving me a chance. She was ruining my life– if I had any life left to ruin.
I just could not stand it.
“Excuse me,” I muttered and left before anyone could say or do anything in response.
~~~
Watching Melanie stand up and walk away shattered my thoughts about the Dark Mages that were after me. It took all my might not to use my magic on her and force her to return.
Both the King and the Prince watched wide-eyed as she made her quick and silent exit. The King’s initial bewilderment transformed, lingering on his face as a deep frown. I immediately spoke up.
“I apologize on behalf of my sister’s actions,” I said, pulling the two’s attention back to me. “She has been…upset after our parents’ death.
Although I could say the words aloud with ease, the thought of having seen death claim them made my throat constrict. Especially because I knew I could do nothing about it. And Mel had not comforted me the way I had hoped she would.
“I am very sorry to hear that,” the King said, his frown becoming more of a look of sympathy. I bowed my head slightly, accepting his kind words. “But she lacks respect for her King.”
 
“Please, Your Majesty, do not punish her. She has had a tough time. She can barely cope with it.” The thought of Melanie thrown in a cell or sent away from the kingdom made my heart race. The King gave a hefty laugh to my surprise.
“I will not harm the girl, rest assured,” he said with a small smile. “I wonder, though. Where she will go?”
“You may leave her be,” I said, hiding my relief. “I know her every movement. If she is in any sort of danger, I will know.”
“Truly?” Prince Gareth said. I nodded. “That is incredible!”
I smiled. Finally, someone appreciated my use of magic for other deeds than of fulfilling a millennia old prophecy. From the corner of my eye, I could see the King look on with an amused expression on his face.
~~~
I did not know exactly why I had left, but there was a sense in me that no matter how hard I tried to leave the past behind, I could not. No matter what I did to start over, it would do me no good. I could not face my fears. I could not stand up or fight back. It was just who I was fated to be and I could not stop it no matter how hard I tried.
I had not realized where I was going until I stumbled over a large stone. Regaining my balance, I quickly looked about me. I was in a dense forest that had no light except from the shafts of sun that penetrated through the leaves of the oak trees. I turned around, hoping to see a guard who might have followed me, but there was no one. Fear shot through me, my breathing quickening.
Trying to calm down, I assessed the possibilities of where I was. I must have found my way into the woods behind the King’s Castle by mistake. I made a move to head back when there was a rustling of leaves behind me, and then shouts.
Several guards ran past me, their arms covering their heads. The familiar sound of flapping wings grew in the distance.
One of them looked back at me and shouted, “Run, Lady! Run before they get you, too!”
My first instinct was to do exactly as he had warned, but instead, I found myself running forward, towards the wing beats and shouts.
I came across a large clearing where a dozen or so men in plated armor and glowing swords –Royal Guards maybe?– fought two large crows with hooded riders atop their backs. 
A crow’s talon reached for one of them and grabbed him. He screamed in terror and dropped his sword, while the rest of his fellow knights stood frozen with fear. I was sure this could not the King’s idea of keeping us safe from the Dark Mages.
Without hesitation, I took up a large rock near my foot and threw it at the bird. It did not hit where I had been aiming for, but it hit the beast upon its foot nonetheless.
For a moment nothing happened, but then the bird cocked its head in my direction, dropping the man it held. Its rider sniffed, as if it was some hunting dog, and the two crows turned in my direction. Fear suddenly pierced me. I stumbled back as the men watched on in shock as one of them spoke.
“She will be a useful in Sellena’s defeat,” the rider said hoarsely. “We must take her!”
The two flew in my direction. I turned and ran as fast as I could, wondering how they knew I was related to Selenah or how I could possibly aid them.
As I ran, I picked up my skirts and took off my fashioned slippers, running barefoot, in effort to gain speed. I headed toward softer earth, a sign of water nearby, when I felt talons grab me and lift me skyward. My screams went unheard above the crow’s sharp, triumphant caw.
The tall trees of the forest became green patches beneath me. There was a waterfall some mile or two away that roared down into a river that ran beneath us, but the crows were unaffected from such a large distance. 
Inside I screamed in fear and anger. I did not have any magic to protect myself.
Then, below me, I saw the Royal Guards gather, their eyes on us. One of them threw something at me, shining in the daylight. It was a sword. I reached for it, but before my hand could tighten around the hilt, the crow jerked upward.
I was unable to get a hold of the sword, but managed to cut my palm on the blade from my efforts. The sword fell, splashing below me. Blood from my hand dripped into the river’s water below. Tears sprang in my eyes. But there was no use in crying. No one could help me now.
Not long after the sword and my blood fell, the water began to bubble and hiss. The crows, having heard it, slowed down in their initial haste to take me away.
The water frothed and simmered tempestuously, and had begun to take shape, the Royal Guards backing away from the riverside. The water writhed and twisted and before my eyes, it became the upper torso of a man with a crown on his head and a trident in his right hand.
The crows stopped altogether and turned around to see it. The water creature lifted its trident to the sky, the clouds rumbling, and pointed it at the crows. 
A gush of cold water sprayed out from the trident with such force, it paralyzed the crows. I screamed as the birds fell out of the sky, the river’s surface becoming closer and closer with every passing moment.
One of the crows raked its claws onto me, as if I could save it. I shrieked as its talons dug into my flesh. My back, left shoulder, and stomach burned as if it were aflame. I shrieked at the pain, crying out for help.
I fell atop something, and felt it grab me. I kicked out wildly, believing it to be one of the Dark Mages.
In all the chaos, I heard someone whispering soothing words to me. The words calmed me down, and I squeezed my eyes shut, feeling the warm blood from my open wounds trickle down my back. Engulfed with searing pain, I fell unconscious.
****
The faint hum of voices awoke me. I blinked rapidly to clear my vision. One of the Royal Guards was beside me, tending to my shoulder wound. 
I took in my surroundings. I was on the ground, in a tent. My dress was cut to show a nasty black gash that ran along my stomach. 
I grimaced at the sight.
“You have awoken.”
I turned my throbbing head in the guard’s direction. He looked at me with a worried look. I turned away and closed my eyes from the pain.
The sound of Selenah’s voice brought me to open them. I heard her complain to someone how it was not right for them to cut my dress the way they had and touch my bare skin. Her talking seemed to make my headache worse.
Selenah turned around and headed towards us. My shoulder pulsed and I tried to move away. The wound on my stomach and back flared with pain.
“Do not move,” the Royal Guard instructed, laying a hand on my arm before pulling away as Selenah entered. When she did so, she glared at him, and then turned to me with sorrowful eyes. I turned away, my wounds starting to hurt at her presence.
“Mel, are you all right?” She asked softly. “Does it hurt?”
The pain seemed to double as she touched my arm lightly. I stopped myself from crying out.
“Please,” I said to the Royal Guard. “It hurts. It hurts. Take her away, please.”
He looked at Selenah. I could not tell what he said to her, but I heard the rustle of her skirts as she stood up and left, the pain gone with her.
I slipped in and out of consciousness for what seemed like days, although it was impossible to tell how long I had actually slept for. The pain was subsiding in my wounds, but I did not have the strength to sit upright or stand on my own.
My clothing was changed several times in the weeks that I was unable to do it myself. Selenah had assured me that no one but her was present, which I believed only because at those times I felt the greatest pain which would subside when she left.
Other than Selenah, one of the Royal Guards was always at my side whenever I awoke, claiming that his sword had cut me and that I had bravely saved his life from the giant crow. He said he was indebted to me for such a heroic feat. 
He introduced himself as Tiran of Resvell, and he would tell me stories of great warriors when I lay awake, in pain, before I would drift back into a dreamless, healing sleep. Tiran had a dark complexion and looked to be in his late thirties or early forties. He was well built and muscular, reflecting no hint of his age. 
I was told the Prince was here, whom Selenah addressed as Gareth. They seemed close already if she could call him by his first name without formalities. I was not surprised.
****
During the weeks I was recovering, Tiran told me a story that was unusual compared to his others. Instead of a famed warrior he spoke about a deranged prince and his evil doings. As he said the story aloud, it almost felt as if I were recalling a distant memory, some past that I had never knew existed.
He went on to speak of this prince, the fourth born prince, who had wanted to be known to the world for his great magic, but the people and his family grew afraid of his lust for power. They had spellbound him in  a remote cave where he was said to have broken free. He had begun a rampage and cursed all those who had opposed him. It was said that he died in the same place he had been confined to, killed by his own father. 
This prince had lived during the time of Sellena the First and was known as the Reaper. He was now infamously named the Shadow Reaper, for some people believed he was still alive.
“I feel sorry for him,” I had told Tiran after he finished his tale. He gave me a quizzical look. “He was only acting like that because no one cared to understand him. He was a fourth prince,  therefore he had no real chance of him ascending to the throne like he wanted,” I said in my own defense.
“He killed more people than you could count, Mel.” Tiran hesitated at the mention of my nickname. I smiled and he continued. “But when you put it that way, I guess it is hard not to forgive him. Now you get to sleep. Your wounds are healing up and the best thing you can do is rest.” I nodded and turned my head away and closed my eyes.
The story of the young prince played before my closed eyes and lead me into a dream.
Chapter three: awaken


I stood in a bare wasteland, rotting and dead trees everywhere. The skies were a dark pink, the clouds dark grey. A gust of wind blew, making the trees creak and brown grass shiver.
Standing before me was a man, cloaked in utter darkness. His bright green eyes sent chills down my spine. I tried to turn, to run, but I was rooted to where I stood. 
“There is something about you…” Its voice was getting fainter, almost thoughtful. “Yes, this magic…it runs through your veins, and yet, you do not possess any. That magic is strong, very strong.” I stared, shocked at what he was saying. I had magic? The figure paused, as if thinking. “Obey my orders and I will reward you for your trouble.”
“Orders?” The shadowy figure looked as if it grinned, its bright green eyes piercing through me. Did I see those eyes before? “Who are you?” I managed to ask, its dark shape beginning to fade away.
“Some call me…the Shadow Reaper.”
I awoke, gasping aloud. Tiran looked up at me from where he slept, several feet apart from where I lay.
“Something wrong, Mel?” he whispered, propping himself up on his elbows. “Was it a nightmare?” I shook my head. I was not sure if it was a nightmare. He said I had magic. Tiran lowered himself back down, but did not close his eyes.
“Tiran?”
“Yes?”
“Do you believe the Reaper is still alive?” He did not respond for a moment. Perhaps he thought I was not serious. “Do you?” I repeated.
“No,” he said slowly. “Why?” I was silent, thinking of what to say. 
“I…I think I saw him in my dream.” I looked up at Tiran, hoping he would have reassuring words to tell me that it was all my imagination.
Instead, he said, “Do not think about it. Go back to sleep.”
“I cannot,” I objected. “Tell me another story first.”
“Will you go to sleep then?” he asked, eyebrows raised. I nodded and he let out a sigh, but smiled faintly. “A kingdom far away once had a brave knight…”
I yawned and drifted off, soothed by Tiran’s calming voice.
****
My shoulder wound was the first to fully heal. I could flex it with little effort and pain, although my strength had not returned as quickly.
As for my back, there was nothing but a white scar that ran along from my shoulder blade to my spine. The wound on my stomach wound was the same, except it ran along from one side of my abdomen to the other. Tiran assured me it had not damaged me internally.
He had helped me to sit upright, with solid support on my back before leaving the tent.
“Let me just use my magic on her, and she will be as good as new!” I heard Selenah bark at Tiran outside. Through the tent, I saw Tiran shake his head. It was this fight again.
“She refuses to have any magic used on her.”
“A Royal Guard’s magic is nowhere near as powerful as mine,” she replied. There was a pause. “Let me pass through, or I will have you punished.”
The tent flap opened and Tiran walked in, followed by Selenah. I frowned. She had threatened her way to get past Tiran. And she had also changed dresses. It seemed that she was not having any trouble fitting in with royalty. 
“Mel,” Tiran began. Selenah glared at him, hearing the use of my nickname. Tiran stopped speaking.
“Mel, you listen to me. I am going to heal you,” she said, sitting in front of me. Her blue eyes were trained on mine. “There is nothing to be afraid of. You will feel drowsy, and when you wake up, you will have all your strength back.”
Her offer was tempting. A sleep was all it took to have me back in full health? But I shook my head. No. I want to be healed by myself– without magic. I did not need her, and when I did heal, it would be from my own self determination.
“No, Selenah,” I said. Tiran shrugged, and looked at Selenah as if saying, “I told you she would say no.”
“Mel, listen,” she started again.
“No, you listen!” I nearly yelled, startling her with my outburst. “I said no. What do you not understand? I do not need you to heal me. I can heal myself on my own without magic, so leave me alone!”
Selenah looked at me, jaws moving back and forth, as if chewing on what I said, trying to find a way to make me pay for my disobedience.
“Mel,” she said softly, surprising me by her tone of voice. “I know we have had our differences, but please, I beg you, look past them. Mother and father are dead. Can you not forgive me for whatever you seem to have a grudge against?”
“Look past our differences? Is that how you see it, Selenah?” I asked, incredulous. “All these years, my life was a complete and desolate disaster!” I shouted. “And you wonder: why I have a grudge against you?” Selenah held her breath. I was not stopping now. “You stole our mother and father away from me from the very day I was born, that is why!” I screamed. “You stole my very life away! All my hopes and dreams dashed because ‘our darling Selenah’ came first! ‘Our ever so beautiful and powerful Selenah’ mattered more than ‘our normal child Melanie!’” In all this anger, I was nearly on my feet, ready to slap Selenah.
The tent flap was quickly drawn back, a fearful look on Prince Gareth’s pretty face. Selenah and Tiran sat, petrified by my sudden show of enmity.
Prince Gareth immediately had me sit down, away from Selenah before he went to speak with Tiran and Selenah. Tiran glanced back at me, a look of sympathy on his face, like that of a father whose daughter’s doll had been ruined. Prince Gareth eyed me as he spoke softly to Selenah.
I grimaced at the show of care for her. But the anger I had felt drowned out, and I was ashamed of the way Tiran and Prince Gareth had to see and hear my words against Selenah that I had been keeping hidden all this time. But I also felt relieved, knowing Selenah now knew how I felt about her all this time, being her shadow.
With as much dignity that I could muster, I walked out of the tent, trying to ignore the three’s stares as I did so.
The cool evening air was the first thing that brought me back. It was so calm and quiet; I almost forgot that there were Royal Guards outside.
“Is the Sleeping Beauty finally awake?” I heard one of them say. Their sarcasm made my ears burn. His three companions smirked.
“So how is Miss Mel?” one of them asked, jauntily. “Finished being the victim of the Dark Mages already, are ye?”
“Nay, she is still sick. Did you hear the way she screamed in there?” said another.
“‘You stole my life away!’ ‘All my hopes and dreams dashed’!” one mocked in an unusually high–pitched voice.
The four laughed, making me feel sick. I had not expected anyone to taunt me for what I did. Tiran had called me a hero! I swallowed hard and stood there, trying not to show that what they said hurt me. Unfortunately, it did show.
“Oh? Look at that, lads,” the first one said, making the others look in my direction. “Is little Miss Mel upset? Does she need a handsome prince to kiss her wound?” he asked before the four were laughing again.
I wanted to run away and leave this all behind. What had I done to deserve this? My jaw tensed, aching for something to say back at them, but instead, angry tears rolled down my cheeks. I turned away, unable to them. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of them open their mouths to speak.
“Stand down,” a familiar voice commanded. I turned back to see Connor, dismounting from his white mare that was tethered with two other black and white shires. He was dressed in full battle attire.
The four men were flustered, apologizing to their Captain.
“Forgive me for their rudeness,” he said in a low voice. I could only nod. “May I ask where His Highness and Her Ladyship Selenah are?”
I was glad that for his kindness towards me, but it left at the mention of Selenah. I sighed, looking toward the tent. Connor followed my gaze. He nodded, and headed towards it when Tiran, Prince Gareth, and Selenah walked out.
“Captain Connor!” Selenah said, pleased. Connor bowed to the two of them as Tiran shifted over to stand with the other four Royal Guards. “We appreciate your arrival.”
“My duty here is but a short command by His Majesty. I am to escort you two back to the King’s Castle,” Connor said. I could not help but feel agitated that the King had excluded me again and had only thought of Selenah’s well being. “We must hurry before the barrier fades.” 
I looked around me, seeing nothing out of the ordinary, then realizing the barrier he mentioned must have been a magical one.
Prince Gareth and Selenah mounted the larger of the two horses, and Tiran mounted the other. The four Royal Guards took their positions around them. It left me in an awkward place. Connor sighed lightly before he helped me onto his steed.
I was aware of the whispers behind me as we raced to the King’s Castle. I bit back the tears, closing my eyes. I had to expect the worst from now on. No one cares for a simpleton. You are on your own, Mel. 
From time to time, Connor’s gaze would shift to the right, where Selenah was. I had a feeling it was more than just etiquette that he was repeatedly checking on her. It made my stomach flip at the realization.
When we had finally arrived at the King’s Castle gates, I could not have felt any worse. No doubt the Royal Guards would spread rumors about me. But now I had a way out of Selenah’s life. No one, especially the King, would have need of me and Selenah would most likely be too busy to notice. It was my only chance to escape.
I took that chance the moment I was redressed into another not-so-spectacular-gown. When Selenah, Prince Gareth, along with Connor, left to see the King, I took a turn to leave. I did not know where I would go, or how I intended to make a living, but getting away from Selenah would be my first step.
Chapter four: the hooded man


I had first begun walking into Akron, the capital of Tenebris, when a hooded individual in dark green stumbled into me. I helped the person stand back up, when I noticed their bright green eyes staring at me through the shadow of his hood. I remembered seeing that same pair of eyes somewhere and gasped. Those eyes belonged to the figure in my dream, the Shadow Reaper.
“Pardon me, miss,” he said, pulling down his hood. I could have mistaken him for Prince Gareth, had I not known that the Prince had sandy colored hair and not deep black. “A lot has changed since last I visited Tenebris. Would you mind helping me get to Akron?” he asked.
I did not know whether or not to help him, nor could I tell for sure if this man was the Shadow Reaper, for his voice was nothing like that in my dream.
“I am heading there as well,” I managed to say.
“Indeed?” I had a bad feeling about him, but nodded anyway. Maybe I was just hallucinating, thinking his eyes were the same as the ones in my dream. But I could not bring myself to look at him either, to prove it.
Our short trip there was a silent one. I kept my distance, and he seemed too preoccupied to notice. So many things ran through my head that I had not noticed that he had actually spoken to me.
“Did you say something?”
“I said, what is a pretty lass like you doing here all by yourself, leaving the King’s Castle?”
I stopped in my tracks. How did he notice that I left the King’s Castle? And wait, did he just call me pretty? His walking slowed too, a small smile on his face. He waited for me to answer.
“I was…leaving my family.”
“Your family must be people of high importance, then since you are leaving from the King’s Castle.” What was he trying to say? I gulped and nodded a bit before continuing on my way. He was one step behind me.
“I hope you do not think rude of me in asking, but you do not happen to know her Ladyship Selenah, do you?” I fully stopped and turned to look at him, his piercing green eyes staring into mine.
“What…makes you say that?” I asked, my voice trembling.
“I would say you have her essence.” My breathing came out fast. Essence? Who was this person? And what did he want from me?
“I have to go,” I said quickly, turning away from him.
He smiled, and my vision began to spin and darken. I tried to run, or scream, but my voice and muscles failed me.
“I do believe you have to go somewhere, but not where you think,” he replied, before I was lost to darkness.
****
I opened my eyes and squinted at the light in front of me. There was a tall candle lit beside my head. I blinked and sat up, looking down at where I had lain: a well-made bed.
I took in my surroundings and found it shocking. I was in a cellar –I could tell that much by the mossy stone walls–  but it was lavishly decorated and abnormally large. 
There was a window with velvet purple curtains and a bed stand where the candle was. The bed I was on was quite soft, with a canopy above it, and the covers matched the curtains on the window. And there was also a large rug in the center of the room, as well as a matching settee. Where was I? And why was this cellar so grand?
“Do you like your new room?” someone asked.
I looked towards the doorway and found the hooded man in green standing there, a smile on his face.
“Why am I here? What do you want with me?” I asked, not bothering to answer his question. He remained silent. I realized why. “Yes, I love it,” I said sarcastically.
His smile grew wider. 
“Glad to hear it, Melanie.” Hearing him say my name sent a chill down my spine. “You adored the color purple, last I remember. As  for your questions, you will stay here until someone comes to rescue you.” He paused to stare at me for a moment before he turned to leave.
“What if someone does not come to save me?” I blurted out, causing him to stop.
“Then you will stay here…unless I find reason to end your life.” He then walked out, locking the door behind him. 
I groaned and fell back onto the bed. Who is going to save me? No one would care enough to actually look for me…I sighed and eyed the room. It was not really all that bad if I were to spend my days here, but what if he decided to…?
I jumped out of bed and raced towards the window. I drew back the curtains and saw that it was night out. Had no one really noticed that I left? 
The window looked as if it was large enough for me to squeeze through, so I felt its cool surface, trying to find a way to open it. I tapped it with my finger. Glass. I turned around and frantically searched for something that might be strong enough to break through it.
Realizing there was a large wardrobe in the room, I threw the doors open. There were dresses of all colors, as well as coats and footwear to match –which looked as if they could all fit me– but nothing strong enough to crack open the glass window. Knowing that, my heart began to race.
I hurled myself onto the bed and sobbed aloud, not caring if the hooded man heard. The pillow was soaked by the time my throat got hoarse and my eyes dried of tears. I turned and fell asleep, hoping that someone –anyone– would come save me before I wasted my life away as a prisoner.
~~~
After a meeting with the King and getting comfortable in my new lodging, I realized Mel was not with me. The guards were snickering about something, but would clam up when I walked past.
A sudden pain in my chest made me gasp and my vision brightened, flashing white. 
Leaning heavily against the wall with several guards questioning my health, I understood why I was feeling this pain.
I pushed away from the gathering guards and on-looking maids, running through the corridors, trying to remember which chamber had father’s bow. I collided into someone who caught me by the elbows.
“Prince Gareth!” I breathed, confused by the look of discomfort in his eyes.
“What is wrong? I heard several guards inform me of a sudden illness that befell you,” he said with concern in his voice.
“My sister! She is in trouble!” The Prince’s eyes widened slightly, almost as if he just realized Mel’s absence. “I have to help her…”
I mentally spoke the words to locate Mel. There was no way of telling where she was exactly. 
The chamber I saw was dimly lit and all I could see was the slight figure of someone sprawled against a lavish bed. I was sure it was Mel, but where was she and why was she there? I grimaced, frustrated with myself that I was not vigilant enough to notice her leave.
Just then in my vision, a dark, masculine figure appeared. His sudden arrival made my chest constrict as I watched him lean very close to Mel, perhaps even close enough to kiss her. The shrill sound of an eagle ripped through the vision, breaking the spell before I could do or see anything further.
“What can we do to help?” Prince Gareth asked, steadying me.
“Bring me a mirror.”
~~~
Someone called my name. It was distant and low. The voice sounded familiar, and seemed as if it was coming from somewhere close, but I could not tell from where. I tried to answer it, but could not.
I brought myself to open my eyes, feeling an odd sensation run through me. The room had dimmed. I wondered how long I would be here before someone came to rescue me, or maybe how long I would live here by myself. Would he let me leave? I could promise him I would not tell a soul about whom he was and where I had been…
Something glittered from behind the wardrobe doors. Curious, I cautiously got up and walked toward it. I opened the doors and found a mirror that I had not seen before. It was adorned with jewels of all kinds, and shined brightly as I touched it.
“Mel…” I looked around. Who had said my name? “Mel…are you all right?”
That was when I noticed that the mirror no longer reflected my image, but the image of Selenah. I dropped it, speechless by what I saw. The mirror had clattered noisily onto the wood, but I noticed it did not shatter. Was I seeing things?
“I am…well?” I hesitantly replied. I saw the image of Selenah sigh heavily. Seeing her respond back, I immediately sought answers. “Where are you? Are you not coming to save me?”
I heard the door swing open and saw the hooded man step in. I turned around, gripping the mirror behind my back.
“I will say this once, and only once. Hand it over,” he growled. I trembled. He held out his hand. He face contorted with rage as if he wanted to kill me then and there.
Frantically thinking, I walked up to him. Taking a deep breath, I raised the mirror and smacked it across his face, the glass shattering and cutting his cheek. I fled through the open door and hoped that I would leave in one piece.
I ran into a large hall. There was sunlight shining through an archway as I neared. But just as I got close enough to see the trees and grassy valley ahead, black smoke poured out from the sky and the hooded man appeared with a scar on his left cheek. I came to a staggering halt and looked back. There was nothing, but darkness behind me.
“Clever, I will hand you that,” he said with a smile. “Just like she was. It has been a while since someone tried to kill me, again.”
“I was not trying to kill you, I just want to leave! Please!” I begged, not understanding who he had referred to as ‘she’. “What is it that you want? I have no money, no magic–”
“But someone very close to you does,” he said.
I opened and closed my mouth. So this is a ransom, I thought. My kidnapping was a lure to draw out Selenah. I was just bait. He grinned as he saw the realization on my face.
“Yes, and you are so dear to her that she will come running, straight into my grasp. And when she does, I shall teach her a lesson she will never forget.” I clenched my fists. Why could I never be free of her? “Now, if you will, turn back before I am forced to use my magic on you. And I would hate to do that to an old friend.”
I did as he said, walking back into the darkness and into my prison room, feeling unnerved by his last words. Old friend? He watched me closely as I picked up the broken mirror and tossed it in the waste bin. He left, and for the first time, did not lock the door behind him.

Chapter five: above and beyond


The next several days –or was it weeks?– I was playing the obedient hostage, waiting patiently for Selenah to come, if she did at all. But my time there was not spent in vain. 
When I awoke, it was as if invisible servants began to dress me, bring my meals, and when I was bored, they would read to me. The sound of the voice, of course, was up to me. Sometimes, it had actually felt like Tiran was there, but when I turned to the voice, I would always be stunned to see no one was present.
My hair would be fixed into different styles every morning, and I would be dressed into the most beautiful of gowns. It made me feel for the first time in my life that I was the princess, the spoiled one, and not Selenah. However, my astonishingly happy life was cut short.
When I was taken from my luxurious room to an underground dungeon, it was no surprise. All it meant was that Selenah was here and there was no way she could see me in my content state. No, she had to see me as if I had been nearly beaten to death.
I had cried out as two Dark Mages, cloaked all in black, dragged me away. I knew what would be my fate if I stepped foot in one of the murky, unkempt cells, and resisted as long as I could. But I was no match for them. 
They chained me to the ground, my wrists cuffed together and forced above my head as the chains were hanging from the ceiling. My ankles were bound in the same rusted steel as my hands were.
Their whips glittered silver in the darkness. My heart began to pound in my ears. I begged for mercy, but their cold, expressionless faces did not alter the slightest bit at my words. I realized that the Dark Mages had no feelings whatsoever. If they had even just the tiniest bit of remorse, they did not show it. 
The barbed points on the whip crackled in the air as it flew in my direction. I struggled to move away from it, but with my wrists chained from the ceiling and my ankles to the floor, I could go nowhere. 
When their whips made contact with my skin, I screamed.
****
I hung limp in the dirty cell, ready to accept death. My body ached and it felt as if my blood were on fire, but I did not succumb to the pain.
I heard the flapping wings of crows and sound of swords unsheathing sometime after the Dark Mages had left me. I thought I heard Prince Gareth cry out to someone, but the name slipped my mind. I heard the sound of hoof beats, and the sound of boots getting louder and louder. I cowered away from the cell door; afraid the Dark Mages were back with their whips.
The figures that raced in did not look like Dark Mages. They did not have the key to the dungeon gate, and instead, pushed on the old, tarnished door. It swung open on their first try. They rushed in, swords clanking against their armor.
One of them rushed to me first, his voice sounding familiar. He said something and the chains that held me for so long released me. I fell against him as he gently rocked me and I could see the tears in his eyes. I have seen those eyes before, I thought. Those kind, gentle, and fatherly eyes.
“Tiran,” I whispered, bringing my fingers to brush against his cheek. 
He smiled a little and lifted me off the ground. I rested my head against his chest and closed my eyes, assured that I would no longer need to suffer anymore.
****
When I opened my eyes, I was in bed. It was not the fluffy purple bed that I had been used to, but it felt just as comfortable. Sitting beside me was Tiran, a look of worry on his face. It vanished when he noticed I had woken up.
“How are you feeling, Mel?” His words sounded loud to my ears. My time spent in silence must have adjusted my hearing.
My chest felt as if it had been torn apart, and only a cold, burning sensation lingered.
“Sick,” I replied. He touched my forehead and frowned. “What is wrong?”
“We healed you. Your scars, your pain, it should have all left,” he replied, a grave look on his face.
There was a silence for some time. Then memory flooded in: the kidnapping, the mirror, the ransom, and my torture.
“How long has it been since you found me?” I asked. 
“A day,” he said, looking puzzled by my asking.
“Has the Prince or Selenah returned?”
Tiran waited a moment before answering. Had something gone wrong?
“Aye, we found the Prince, but your sister has yet to return.” His voice was low. “We have Royal Guards stationed everywhere and still searching. The Captain went mad after Selenah had not returned with the Prince. He is searching for her, and no doubt will find her unharmed, soon.” I thought about what he had just told me.
“You should not have come,” I finally said. “It was a trap, all of it was. Had Selenah not realized it, or you? The Shadow Reaper had planned all of it, knowing Selenah would come for me.” I did not add the part that I had almost at home in my cell and because Selenah had come for me, it had been ripped away. Tiran was silent and looked away. “It may be too late,” I whispered. “The Shadow Reaper was ready–”
“We cannot lose hope,” Tiran said quickly. “She is the child prophesized…” Tiran now seemed unsure of what was going on. He turned to look at me and said, “I must go alert the others. Stay here and rest.” He stood up and briskly walked out, a hand on his sword's hilt.
I sighed and leaned back into the pillow, and let fatigue overcome me.
~~~
With my bow and arrow ready at hand, I surveyed my surroundings. The trees about were dead, black withering objects that seemed to grab at me.
I tried to locate Mel, to see if she was safe and away from this horrid place, but could not. Worry instantly filled within me. But how could that be? Could her captor –the Shadow Reaper as the Royal Guard Tiran had proposed– have done something to her so the link we shared to be severed?
“Sellena,” a voice hissed, breaking me from my thoughts. 
I quickly turned around, but the voice sounded as if it had come from all directions. I furrowed my brows, trying to understand the raging feeling within me at the odd pronunciation of my name.
A figure stepped out from in front of me, his dark green cape billowing in the rising wind. I sensed his magic was far too low to be the Shadow Reaper’s, yet I now knew it was he with full assurance. And he would pay for what he had done.
With a quick breath, I let loose an arrow, without another thought. It glowed fiercely, but went straight through the figure approaching me. Moments later, it reappeared in my quiver.
Taking a step back, I assessed my options. This is just a projection of himself, I thought. But even as a projection, his magic was much weaker than I thought it would be. Perhaps defeating him would not be so difficult after all.
“Sellena, Sellena.” The figure sounded disappointed. “You mock me. I believed you were a far more worthy opponent, but I see time has weakened you.”
I laughed at his words, feeling a warm sensation run through me. “Me, weak? Think again. It is you who is weak! You only project yourself here rather than come face to face with me.” The anger rushing through my blood was foreign to me. Never had I felt such loathing.
The figure considered my reply with a smile. “Not everything is as it seems, Sellena,” he said. “You will lose this battle and I will reign. And I will do so with Melanie’s help.” 
I could not contain my surprise. Mel? Why would she-? The figure smiled. I growled, realizing he could be saying such only to play me. 
“She will never do such a thing. Nor will I allow it!” I exclaimed, but the figure disappeared. 
For a moment everything was still. The Shadow Reaper was gone, but I feared his words to be true. 
“Selenah!” I turned to see Connor emerging from behind the trees, racing towards me, a look of concern on his face. “Are you well?”
I could only nod, closing my eyes for a moment. The anger surge was gone, replaced with fear.
“Allow me to take us back.”
But I barely heard his words. 
~~~
The nurse was kind and helped me to regain my strength quickly. Her son Rern, who was seven, often visited. We raced and played together. And I would read stories to him when we grew tired of running about.
Rern was sitting on my lap as I reread his favorite story, his mother napping nearby. I was still in the castle’s infirmary, though it was expected that I leave yesterday.
The door swung open, causing Rern’s mother to sit up. She looked at who was in the doorway and immediately curtsied. 
Selenah walked in, dazzling in another of her rich, sumptuous dresses and jeweled accessories. She frowned at me. Rern immediately jumped off my lap to bow and stand beside his mother. I remained in my seat.
“Mel, what are you doing? You were issued to leave yesterday,” she stated as if I did not know. “Get up, change into another dress, and follow me.”
I crossed my arms over my chest. When did she get so bossy?
“No,” I said simply.
I saw my nurse gawk. Perhaps, she had never seen anyone disobey their superior before.
“No?” Selenah echoed. “I will not tolerate such–”
“I said no, Selenah.”
“Mel, not now,” she hissed. I raised my eyebrows and she sighed. “I shall send for someone. We are leaving for the Solstice Palace.” She turned and left. Had Selenah not said something about the Solstice Palace? It had been Queen Isomara’s residence when she was alive. If she was dead why was it being reopened? Did the King believe another queen would take her place? 
Rern looked at me. “The Solstice Palace!” he exclaimed. “Tis bigga than the King’s Castle! Only royalty allowed!” he gushed. “If Melanie goes, I wanna go too! Please Mama!”
I heard his mother sigh and look at me. “Good luck, mistress,” was all she said before she scolded Rern and took him away. After returning, she had me fitted into a dress that suddenly appeared in her hands. “A gift from her Ladyship.”
The dress itself was beautiful, but I hated it knowing Selenah had given it.
My escort to the Solstice Palace came soon after I was changed. He was lively and talkative. Quite the opposite of how I was feeling. He was dressed finely and had a sword at his hip, which baffled me, for I assumed Selenah would have sent a messenger. 
He seemed to be in his mid-twenties, and looked familiar. His sandy colored hair…I had seen it somewhere before, but could not recall where. Surprisingly, he was slim, but well built, and I assumed his weapon was not just for show.
He talked enough for the two of us as he led me to a carriage. I immediately recognized the infamous four Royal Guards that mounted their steeds around the carriage. They smirked in my direction. I shuddered.
The messenger followed me into the carriage and sat opposite of me. His talking stopped as the carriage began to move. I gazed out the window at the passing scenery and couldn’t help but sigh. I had to accept the fact that my life would forever be in shadow.
“Everyone is talking about a Royal Wedding,” the messenger prompted, perhaps trying to draw me out of my silence.
“Yes, I suppose they are,” I replied, without even turning to look at him. “No doubt my sister will make a magnificent Queen, like Sellena the First.” The moment the words escaped my lips, my eyes widened slightly. Was the King planning for Selenah to marry Prince Gareth? Was that why the Solstice Palace would be in service again?
“You do not seem all too happy about it. You, as her sister, will gain nobility. You will become a duchess and find residence in the King’s Castle.”
What did a messenger know about noble ranks and Royal Weddings?
“Duchess,” I mused. “I would rather elope with a stable boy.”
The messenger gawked at me. I seemed to be getting a lot of that these days. 
“I do not see why you are surprised, messenger. I am nothing but my sister’s maid, as His Majesty the King says. Not fit for any title that resides by Selenah.”
He paused before speaking. “I am surprised that someone who has endured so much for her Ladyship would wave away such luxury,” he said. I furrowed my brows. What did he mean by that? “And I am no mere messenger, Mistress Melanie. I am Archduke Owen, Heir Successor to the Throne of Tenebris.”
I turned to look at him, eyes wide with shock. He smiled, making my face flush with embarrassment. I felt foolish, mistaking the Archduke for a messenger. 
Muttering a quick apology, I turned back to gaze out the window once more, shaking my head. I gave a mental sigh. Another courtier who must be in love with Selenah. Did he think his relation to the Royal Family would help him?
“Why are you accompanying me on my trip to the Solstice Palace? I thought Prince Gareth was coming with us,” I asked.
“Alas, he is not. I am here in his place, to keep the two of you safe and to see that those lower in rank are governed properly.”
Before any of us could speak, there were shouts from outside. The carriage abruptly halted and the sounds of hooves were heard, fleeing. 

Archduke Owen drew out his sword as I gripped the edge of my seat. I opened my mouth to speak, but he put a finger to his lips, motioning for me to be silent.
Chapter six: Through the woods

Something broke through the window. A half rotted arm came in, clawing at me, its black flesh hanging on its stone-white arm. The rest of its foul, skeletal body pressed against the window.
I screamed as it grabbed my wrist as I backed away as far as I could from the fleshy corpse as it struggled to bring me towards it. Just as quickly, the Archduke’s sword severed the arm from its body, making it to fall beside me, unmoving. He grabbed my arm and pulled me beside him, one arm protectively around me.
Something else began to tear at the sides of the carriage where the severed corpse was. The wall began to crackle as the wood frames were being torn away. The head of a skeleton –with hollowed eyes, a half-fleshless face and protruding decaying canines– came into view, along with hundreds of others. I resisted the urge to scream as they hissed and fought to get in through the carriage’s broken wall.
The Archduke rammed at the other side of the carriage, its weak frames easily breaking the wall, giving us a glimpse of freedom.
“Jump,” he said, above the hiss of the living corpses and motioning at the cracked wall. “I shall meet you on the other side.”
I did as he said, tumbling out onto the dirt road. He followed after. The skeletons had clustered towards the opening on the other side, so none of them were here.
We raced into the woods quickly and did not look back.
I made sure to keep the Archduke in sight, fearing I would lose him as the foliage obscured most of my view. The tree branches and thorn hedges scratched and clawed at my hair and dress, and sweat trickled down my neck.
After some time of running, the Archduke fell to his knees, holding his chest, gasping for breath. I halted as well, barely able to breathe. I reached behind my back, trying to untie the tight fitted strings that restricted my chest from taking deeper breaths, but was unable to. 
Lightheaded, I blinked rapidly to keep my focus but could not. I sank to the ground, resting my head against the bark of the tree, my fist curled against my chest. Taking notice of me, the Archduke walked over and kneeled behind me, hesitantly puling on the top strings of the corset. I felt my chest expand and I exhaled in relief.
“Thank you,” I whispered, closing my eyes. 
I heard him settle down beside me, sighing. There was a silence as we both calmed our racing hearts, although the fear of the skeletons returning left us both weary.
“Do you have any idea why creatures of magic would come after us?” He asked after some time.
	I scoffed. “Other than being the sister to the greatest sorceress of all time? No, I do not.” When I was met with silence, I feared that I had offended him. I turned my head to see that he was staring at me, with an stunned look on his face. “Uh, is there something wrong?” He shook his head, turning away.
We heard soft neighing in the distance, making Archduke Owen get on his feet. Not long after the neighs, we heard the sound of hoof beats, getting louder. I inched away from the noise while the Archduke tensed, sword in hand.
The horse that trotted towards us was finely bred with a glossy brown coat that could only mean it belonged to the king’s stables. One of its chestnut colored hind legs had the emblem of our kingdom. Above the emblem was a crown. I had seen that coat of arms before. It must be a horse belonging to the Royal Guards.
Archduke Owen looked relieved and put away his sword. He steadied the horse and helped me to my feet. Embarrassed, I asked him if he could retie the strings of my dress. He smiled at my discomfort. 
“I will warn you, I know only a knight’s knot,” he said, stepping behind me.
“It should not be any different than what the maids–” I gasped as he pulled on the strings. “A little more loosely please,” I croaked. I would be sure to appreciate how the maids knotted the dress and be thankful the Archduke would not be doing it any time soon. I thought I heard him chuckle as he did as I requested. 
After, he led me to the horse and boosted me onto the saddle. From there, he jumped on behind me and had the horse turned toward the direction we had come from. The horse galloped past the broken and now deserted carriage and headed straight for the Solstice Palace.
When we arrived, the sky was pink from the setting sun. The four Royal Guards who had taken off during the attack were waiting by the palace gates, looking comforted at the sight of our entrance. They begged for mercy since they had left us, spluttering excuses as to why they had failed to keep us safe.
I glared at them, but inside I was joyous. I took pleasure in watching them beg for their lives. The Archduke looked just as angry. He glared hard at the cowering guards, his fists clenched and eyes narrowed.
“You can keep your pathetic lives,” he growled. “I do not want to see your faces again anywhere near me. Keep to the kitchens and I just might have mercy on you four.” They nodded their thanks and rushed away. The Archduke’s anger subsided and he sighed.
“It will be tough ruling a palace filled with good-for-nothing subjects,” I said, giving him a pat on his arm in sympathy. Archduke Owen opened his mouth to speak, but I had already walked up towards the palace, hungry, tired, and feeling rather disgusting from the trip. The Archduke raced to catch up.
After being properly fed, clothed, and blissfully bathed, there was a shout from Selenah’s living quarters. I was on my way to the Grand Library when I saw nurses rushing to her chamber. Curious, I walked over to see what the fuss was all about.
Selenah was asleep on her bed, but she looked distraught. Everyone made way for me when I entered, as if I could magically cure whatever caused her distress. I walked up to her bedside and looked at her. She was muttering something under her breath and clenched her fists every now and then.
“What ails her, Mistress Melanie?” I heard someone ask. 
“She is not sick,” I said, gazing at her. I heard someone sigh in relief, but others murmured to themselves. “I…I think she is having a nightmare.”
~~~
My eyes opened and I sat up. When had I fallen asleep? Where was I? Something felt strange. Was I dreaming?
“Selenah!” A voice cried. The voice belonged to Mel. Instantly, I jumped to my feet towards her.
“Mel?”
I located where the voice had come from, but Mel was not there. Instead, a large crystal sphere lay before me. Within it, I stared, transfixed, as the carriage that was supposed to take her to the Solstice Palace was attacked by an army of undead creatures.
I cried out, clawing at the crystal as I saw them tear apart the carriage and pull Mel out, the body of the Archduke motionless on the ground. I heard a whimper behind me and immediately swiveled around.
“We meet again, Sellena,” a voice said. It sounded oddly familiar. Did it belong to the Mel’s captor?
“My name is Selenah,” I said, bristling, annoyed that the voice had once again said my name wrong. “And what have you done with my sister?!” I demanded.
“That poor girl,” the voice said, dripping sarcasm. “Unable to defend herself because she does not possess any magic.”
“Reveal yourself and I will show you what happens to those who harm my family!” I shrieked.
“No need for that right now,” the voice purred. “I have what I came for. I do not need her. Not yet. She’s in the cell by your left. We will meet again, Sellena.”
There was no indication that the presence that had spoken had actually left. Warily, I followed his instructions and found Mel slumped in the rusting cell.
“Mel!”
The girl looked up at me.
 	“Selenah?” Her voice was barely audible.
“Oh, Mel!”
Tears sprang in my eyes as I spoke the words to unlock the cell gate. It swung open. I rushed in, peering down at Mel. Her brown eyes were nearly as dark as her pupils and her usual tan skin was pale. I shuddered and gently took Mel’s right hand in mine. It sent cold chills through my body.
~~~
“Nightmare?” I heard someone say behind me.
Connor stepped forward. “Is that what ails her? A simple nightmare?” I felt compelled to rudely tell him that not all nightmares were simple.
“Nightmares are complicated,” I said. Connor scoffed. I gritted my teeth. What had changed Connor’s behavior? “Not every nightmare is the same,” I said defensively. “Not since the Shadow Reaper can control them.”
“Shadow Reaper? That is nothing but a child’s story,” Connor objected. “What we face ahead of us is some powerful Dark Mage, not a villain in a children’s tale.”
“The Shadow Reaper is a Dark Mage,” I retorted. “Who do you think is powerful enough to create a nightmare and trap the dreamer in it?” I recalled how I was unable to move in the dream the Shadow Reaper had been in. Connor remained silent. “I do not know how to get her out of it,” I said, looking back at her. “She must do that on her own.”
chapter seven: nightmares and shadows


“We should all rest,” I heard Archduke Owen say. I was surprised. I had not realized he was there. “We can do no good to her Ladyship if we ourselves are ill with worry. Captain Connor, keep watch of Lady Selenah. The nurses will stay here as well, if need be. Mistress Melanie, I advise that you rest. Selenah needs you.”
Everyone nodded in agreement as I stood up to leave. Archduke Owen escorted me to my chamber. The skies crackled with lightning, flashing a brilliant white through the corridor lancets. I flinched. The Archduke laughed aloud and I scowled, feeling my cheeks flame.
“What is so funny, Archduke?”
“The Palace seems so dark and gloomy,” he said. “It was nice to have something to laugh about.” I nodded, understanding what he meant. “And please, call me Owen,” he said with a smile that made me blush. It was then I had realized how blue his eyes were, a contrast to his dark, sandy hair.
When we arrived outside my chamber, I put my hand on the doorknob.
“Yes, Archduke Owen is quite a mouthful,” I said to him over my shoulder with a half-smile before walking in and closing the door behind me.
After readying myself to go to bed, I noticed something flying in the sky. I walked up to the window and opened the shutters. A cold draft blew in, making me shiver in my nightgown. I craned my neck to look at the object in the sky. 
It looked like a bird, or the shadow of one. Perhaps it was an eagle? I thought it was odd to find a bird flying in the midst of an upcoming storm, but blamed it on my tired state. I closed the window and got into bed.
****
The next morning, I awoke to harsh sunlight in my eyes. I blinked rapidly to focus my vision and got out of bed. I changed into a simple dress of pale blue, brushed my hair, washed my face, and grabbed a hair tie and some pins to fix up my hair.
As I struggled to put them on, I wondered why it seemed so quiet. I had left the window open last night; a warm breeze wafted in but that was it. Not a single bird sang. 
Frowning, I left my chamber to have some breakfast. As I turned a corner I stumbled into someone. The loose pins fell from my grasp and my hair fell back down over my shoulders.
“You should be more care–” Owen caught himself and apologized. He knelt down to gather what I dropped. “My apologies. It is just that everyone here, well, is a little…” He fumbled for a word.
“Clumsy?” I supplied with a slight smile.
He nodded with a smile of his own. I took the pins and hair tie from him and quickly did my hair. 
“Have you noticed the Palace is so quiet?” I asked, heading towards the dining quarters. Owen nodded and followed.
“Yes, as if it is holding its breath,” he said.
“Even the birds,” I added. “I have not seen one or heard one since last night.”
“Last night?”
“Did you not see it? The large bird in the sky?” Owen shook his head. I shrugged. “Where is everyone? Did the King not send maids and guards?” I asked, looking around the empty hallway.
“They should be here,” Owen said. “Oh, I forgot to say,” his voice lowered. “Lady Selenah is still asleep.”
“Still?”
He nodded. How odd, I thought. The dream is just a message…right?
Hearing that last bit of news, I was not in the mood for eating. The stillness seemed to grow, wherever I was. 
I decided there was only one place for me to spend my time in: the Grand Library. I had nothing else to do and I was not going to waste my time staring and waiting for Selenah to wake up. When she did, the world would resume play. So until then, I had some free time.
I took up all books that contained any history during the time when the Shadow Reaper was still alive. There were only two: History of Forgotten Princes and Powerful Enemies: A Guide to Selenah the First’s Rivals.
I spent countless hours looking over the books. It was difficult to find which forgotten prince the Shadow Reaper had been; especially since it seemed like having four sons were very popular amongst Royal Families. And Sellena the First seemed to have many Dark Mages as enemies who were very powerful, according to the author, the Royal Scribe of that time period.
“Mistress Melanie, there you are!” someone called.
I looked up, startled by the loud noise. A nurse was at the doorway to the library, catching her breath.
“You must hurry. Follow me.” She turned on her heel and sped off. I followed after her, leaving behind the two books.
The nurse led me to Selenah’s chamber and ushered me inside. There were only two others in the room: Connor and Owen. They looked up at me, a worried expression on each of their faces. I walked up to Selenah and knelt down, bracing myself for the worst.
At first I did not notice what was wrong with her. Why else would they have sent for me? Then I saw it: her right hand was transparent. I could see the bed covers that her hand rested upon.
“What is this?” I asked aloud in disbelief.
No one answered. I raised my hand to touch hers, expecting it to go straight through, but it did not. It still felt as if her hand was solid, though it looked translucent.
For some reason, I felt grief-stricken. If Selenah was gone, I really would be alone. She kept me standing and ready to fight. She encouraged me to keep going, because all I wanted to do was outshine her and show the world I was someone, too.
I did not know why, but tears began to fall. They were from not only the possibility of losing her, but from all my past pains. Selenah had taken what mattered to me the most when I was young, but losing her would mean losing the world to utter darkness.
I gripped onto her cold, transparent hand and urged her to wake up, so she could be the hero everyone wanted her to be. To become the hero our parents gave up their lives for. To become the Queen that everyone had thought she would be. To become the loving sister I had always dreamed she would be.
The silence of the room, the unmoving sister that lay next to me, made my cries louder. I felt her flowing out of my grasp.
Heavy rain battered against the windows, nearly drowning out my cries. Lightning split the sky and thunder cracked above us.
Selenah stirred, her face pained. She said something inaudible and tried to twist out of my grasp. Everyone else watched, paralyzed.
“It is just a dream!” I yelled. “It is just a dream…just a dream,” thunder drowned out my last words, but Selenah’s eyes fluttered open.
“Mel,” she breathed. I saw Connor jump from where he sat.
Selenah’s chest heaved up and down and her face took an exhausted expression. She looked around and opened her mouth to speak, but then closed it. She looked so tired. Her eyelids began to droop.
“Selenah,” I said, forcing her to open her eyes again. “Do not go back to sleep. Not now.”
“Mel, I feel so tired…let me sleep…” Her eyes began to close.
“No, you have to eat first,” I pleaded. If she went back to sleep, the Shadow Reaper could drag her into another nightmare. And this time, she might not be so lucky. “Selenah!”
She opened her eyes and smiled. 
“Mel,” she said, “thank you.”























chapter eight: too soon


The Solstice Palace was once more a place of jubilee. The arrival of experienced maids, guards, cooks, and several nobles was also thrilling news. The courtyards and halls were now a lively place with cooks running about, gardeners feuding over what herbs to grow, nobles familiarizing their new home, and new guards taking position.
I took a stroll through the courtyard, admiring just how noisy it was –and how much I loved it that way– when I saw Selenah running towards me. I groaned, but also felt a little happier now that she was at her full strength again. Followed by her was an unexpected guest: Prince Gareth. Behind him was his usual crowd of guards. 
“Mel!” she exclaimed. “I cannot thank you enough for saving me.” 
I rolled my eyes. Prince Gareth smiled.
“Melanie, you saved Selenah’s life, and maybe even the kingdom. My father would like to thank you by naming you Duchess Melanie of the Solstice Palace. You are also now a member of the King’s Court and are free to live and travel wherever you wish.” I was taken aback by the Prince’s words. I shook my head, baffled by the King’s generosity. Perhaps now he would not overlook me?
“I thank you, Your Highness,” I said, bowing my head. “But the Shadow Reaper is still out there. I very much appreciate this, but it was my job as Selenah’s sister to save her. How can you reward me for that?” I asked, with a smile.  Selenah grinned, her face lighting up as she turned to look at Prince Gareth. 
“Let us go, Gareth. Mel wants to enjoy her glorious moments without us,” she said, looking back at me and winking. “And do not worry about the Shadow Reaper just yet, Mel. I have protected the palace grounds using a magical barrier,” she said before walking away with Prince Gareth.
I smiled and gazed back at the beautiful and lively courtyard. Maybe Selenah was right. I did want to enjoy my glorious moments without her and Prince Gareth. Not for any personal reasons, but to just live in the everyday normal life I longed to have.
~~~
“Your sister seems to be much happier than the first time we met her," Gareth remarked as we walked through the bustling courtyard. Happiness. Did it have to do with the Archduke? I pray it not be so. A sigh escaped my lips before I could hold it back. Gareth raised his eyebrows at me. “Is there something wrong?”
I hesitated. “No, everything is fine right now.”
“Everything but the idea of the Shadow Reaper’s existence,” he corrected.
“Is it possible to hate someone so much and barely know them?” I asked, remembering the feeling of animosity that had overcame me when I had first encountered the Shadow Reaper.
Gareth frowned slightly and shrugged.
“Perhaps. Why? Do you feel that way towards Melanie?” I stopped walking, shocked. And a little hurt. Gareth stopped with me, eyebrows furrowed. “Have I upset you, Selenah?”
“I just...” I paused, shaking my head. Could Gareth be right? How much did I really know about Mel? “I could never hate Mel,” I said in a low voice. "I just cannot understand her. Not fully. Not after our parents’ death.” Gareth was silent for a moment.
“You never did explain how it had actually happened,” he said, offering his arm again so we could walk on. I took it, trying to figure out a way to say it. Gareth took my silence for something else. “You do not have to say it if you do wish to,” he added. I shook my head. 
Someone has to know.
“I had befriended one of the children in my neighborhood," I started, speaking of the first time it had happened. “I remember playing with her so often I had wished for her to be my sister.” The memories came back to me, blurred. Black curls. Glassy brown eyes. Dead. “I dreamed one night of a man cloaked in black, carrying a silver sword. He slit her throat,” I choked out, gripping Gareth’s arms. “The next morning I found out she had caught an illness the night before and had passed away.”
Gareth held me, letting me cry. I had never told anyone I had such dreams before. Mel only knew half of it. 
When we pulled away, Gareth locked his eyes on mine.
“And this is how you foresee the deaths of others,” he whispered. I nodded. Gareth shook his head. “A burden, no doubt, to be able to see the death of those dearest to you.” I swallowed, unable to tell him how true his words were.
~~~
“Congratulations, Duchess Melanie,” I heard someone say. I turned to see Owen standing behind me. “You seem to have saved the kingdom.”
“I do not understand what the whole fuss is about. I yelled in Selenah’s ear for her to wake, and she did. And now I am a duchess of one of the Solstice palace!”
“You just do not like the attention,” Owen said grinning. “Even though I believe you have wanted it for a while now.” I blushed at his words. It was as if he knew me all too well.
Then something caught my eye, something in the sky. “Look at that,” I said, turning my head up. “What is it?”
Owen looked up as well. “It is a bird, I believe.”
I stared at it and realized it was the same bird I had seen when Selenah had first became ill. It circled the sky in a loop and cried out: a shrill, defiant call. 
“That is the same bird I saw the other night,” I said. Owen looked at me. “I wonder why it has returned.”
The bird circled once more before taking a dive downward. The two of us stepped back; expecting it to fall near us, but the bird did not. It seemed to have hit something invisible –like a shield– before it began circling the sky once more.
“Odd,” I murmured. Owen turned to face me.
“I heard there is a banquet for Gareth’s arrival to the palace. Shall we attend, Duchess?” he asked, extending an arm. I nodded and took his arm, but the bird’s odd decent lingered in my mind. What caused it to do that?
During most of the banquet ceremony, my eyes continuously drifted to the windows where I watched that bird fly in endless circles.
Later, I felt Selenah kick me under the banquet table. Luckily, I was on her left, at the edge of the table and no one noticed. I glared at her and she glared back at me.
“What?” I said, annoyed. 
“You know perfectly well why I kicked you,” she hissed. “The performers are in front of us, not in the sky!” I huffed, but looked to the dancers that performed in front of us. Everyone –but me– watched, absorbed by the dancers’ transfixing performance as they jumped and twirled like flying lights.
I turned away, pretending to watch them. Selenah observed me with a suspicious look on her face. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Prince Gareth take her hand and she turned away.
Now, free of her intense glare, my eyes once more followed the bird. It circled a final time before it flew off in the distance. Its sudden movement nearly caused me to jump in my seat. I quietly stood up and followed in pursuit of the bird, and saw Owen shift in his seat beside Prince Gareth.
I was walking briskly when I came to a sudden halt. The cobblestone path I stood upon ended a yard or two away. I refrained from leaving the palace’s protected grounds. 
The bird, an eagle, was perched on a low tree branch just outside the palace gates. Its cold, misty green eyes bore into mine and it seemed to smile, a sickening grin that made my heart stiffen in horror. 
I felt powerless under its cold, icy glare and its twisted look sent shivers down my spine. Its beak curved upwards, a smirk that seemed to show that it was enjoying my terror. It unfurled its wings and–
“Melanie?”
I spun around, seeing Owen standing behind me with a puzzled look on his face. I was immensely relieved to see him there. I had imagined I would have died of fright had I been alone with that bird another second. 
“Are you all right? You look a bit pale.”
“I am fine,” I said quickly. “I just wanted to…get a breath of fresh air.” I took a quick glance back at the tree. The eagle was gone. “What are you doing out here?”  
“I…saw you run off. I thought something had happened…” He looked as uneasy as I was. Had he seen the bird too? 
“But I feel better now,” I reassured him. “I am sure the performance is over and everyone is returning to their duties.” He nodded. “Selenah must be wondering where I am. Will you escort me back?”
He seemed to relax and took me back to the banquet where Selenah was indeed wondering where I had gone. I heard the eagle take flight and cry out before swooping low into the horizon that had begun to color orange.
“Where were you? I was about to send a search party!” Selenah exclaimed, exasperated.
“My whereabouts are none of your concern,” I said, irritated. “I do not need you hounding my every move.”
She glared at me, and then turned to Owen. “Do not let her stray. She tends to get into trouble when she does.”
“I am no animal,” I said vehemently, before Owen could speak. “And I do not need someone to watch me, either.” I glanced at Owen. Was that why he followed my every move? Had Selenah hired the Archduke –her soon to be in-law family– to be my friend, when in truth, he was just a pair of eyes for her? My thoughts haunted me. 
Selenah, obviously knowing something I did not, smiled innocently.
“Owen, do you not have duties to finish? See to it that they are done.” With that, she turned around and left. I could not have felt any angrier then. How had I not seen this?
“Melanie,” Owen began, but I sent him a glare and he stopped, a surprised look on his face.
I turned away from him and walked back into the palace, ready to skip supper if it meant not seeing Owen and Selenah.
Returning back to the Grand Library to keep myself busy, I remembered that I had not finished searching for who the Shadow Reaper was. When I entered, I was surprised that the two books I had found earlier were still upon the table, seemingly untouched.
Walking over to look at the open books, I gasped. Blank ink completely stained the pages, its words no longer visible. Gingerly, I brushed my fingers against the page, testing to see if the ink was wet. It was dry.
Awed, I flipped through the inked pages until I came across a page that had not been completely blacked out. There was only one word that it showed: Niro.
Niro? Was that a name? And why did it sound so familiar, as if I had heard of it before? 
I walked over the library keeper and asked if anyone had come here since I had left. He shook his head, no.
“Is there something wrong, Duchess?”
I hesitated but nodded anyway. “Look here,” I said, motioning for him to follow. “The pages have been–” I stopped, realizing the pages were normal; there was no indication of it ever being inked. The library keeper cocked his head, a confused look on his face.
My cheeks burned with humiliation. Had I imagined it? Quickly, I shook my head, turning to face the library keeper.
“I just wanted these books placed back in their original locations,” I said. He nodded and did as I asked. Rubbing my forehead I returned to my chamber feeling exhausted. I needed a rest from all of this madness.
****
One of the new maids pleaded in front of my chamber, begging for me to open the door so I could have supper with their royal highnesses.
For some time, I was able to simply ignore her or repeat that I was not hungry. But then she started to cry about how her superiors would never believe her if she told them that I refused to eat and have her punished.
I decided to have supper after all, but only for the sake of the maid, who was overjoyed at my change of heart. The dinner was richer than any meal I had eaten in my life. It would be a lie had I said everything else was just as good as the meal.
Owen sat across from me and continuously gave me remorseful faces, which only aggravated me. Why was he so sorry now? I was already upset that I had not seen Selenah’s dastardly plot when she continuously tried to insert me into conversations so I could not keep to my silence in peace.
However I had noticed that her dessert was different than the rest of ours. While we enjoyed a wonderful slice of vanilla éclair, she had a hazelnut pie. I shrugged it off. What was wrong with her having a different dessert than us?
After supper was over, I quickly left and had a feeling that Owen would follow. I waited outside my chamber and sure enough, Owen came. He was fairly surprised to see me waiting for him, but started to speak before I could.
“Melanie, let me explain.”
“There is nothing to explain,” I stated, trying not to lose my temper.
“There is,” Owen insisted.
“No, there is not. You just have to answer one question: did Selenah actually tell you to watch what I do and where I go?” He was silent. The longer he stood there, the more sure I was that the answer was a yes. Several times I saw his jaws tense, like he wanted to say something, but held back.
“I…” He stopped himself. “Melanie, I was…” He shook his head. I could not take it anymore.
“I trusted you! I thought you were my friend!”
“I am–”
“No, you are not!” I said it such ferocity that he winced. “Stay away from me. You can tell my sister that her little ploy went awry and that I will no longer tolerate being watched like some criminal!” I opened my chamber door and slammed it shut behind me before sliding the latch across it.
I stood there, leaning against the door, feeling miserable until I heard Owen walk away. For a while, everything was still. Then I heard it.
























Chapter nine: Call of the wild


Loud cawing pierced the silence of the evening. I raced over to the window and gasped. A large group of crows surrounded the palace gates, as well as the skies above it. Several were the large crows that the Dark Mages rode, while the others were ordinary-sized.
I saw Selenah walk up slowly. It took me a moment to realize her slow pace was because she was tired and would have gone to bed had the birds not shown up.
She was not alone. Several Royal Guards were there, and so was Prince Gareth. Something told me that there was more to the crows than what we saw. Something much more sinister and more powerful was at work.
Selenah waved her hands, shooing the birds away, white sparks forming on her fingertips. And as quickly as they came, the birds vanished into thin air. I was shocked at the display of quick, effective magic when I saw Selenah fall to her knees.
Prince Gareth took her into his arms and carried her back into the palace. What had caused to her to weaken so suddenly? I thought it odd that Selenah would collapse after the use of one spell. Her magic was much greater than that. I rushed out of my chamber. Something was afoot, and I did not like it one bit.
The Palace was no more abuzz with Selenah’s sudden collapse than the addition of new servants. Everyone else was already in bed or was preparing for their nightly slumber. The day had been a boisterous one, and it seemed that nothing was amiss to their eyes.
As for me, I did not need to check up on Selenah. She had a very powerful, and magical, way of healing herself. It would be a waste of time to check on her personally.
I was determined to figure out what the source of this treachery and put an end to what they intended to do with Selenah in such a state. I wracked my brain for what could have caused her unpredictable instability. My thoughts to her dessert during supper came to mind.
Could someone have tampered with her food? I thought it unlikely, but decided it was a better start than none.
On my way to the kitchens, I nearly collided into someone, for the candles had already dimmed. I muttered apologies and was on my way when the person caught me by the arm.
“Melanie.” The voice was unmistakable: Owen. I frowned. was in a hurry and did not intend on listening to whatever story he could conjure up for my sympathy. “Why are you up so late? If you are worried about Selenah, I assure you she is–”
“I can ask you the same, Archduke,” I said coldly. He nearly stepped back. “Now, I am busy. I have someplace to be, and it does not involve you. So let me go.”
“If you just let me explain,” he pleaded. His voice was sincere, and I could not hide my guilt. But now was not the time for explanations.
“Not now,” I said dismissively, and ran off towards the kitchen.
I was running so fast that I slid when I stopped. All the cooks and kitchen maids looked up at me in shock, as I them. I was half expecting them to have a pot of some sort, brewing an evil concoction, but what I saw was a bunch of servants readying for tomorrow’s breakfast.
“Oh, uh…” I was at a loss for words.
The head cook looked around quickly at the piles of dishes and silverware in the sink. 
“Mistress, if you are hungry–”
“No, it is all right,” I stated. “I was just…checking. Good night.” I eyed the bowls and used kitchenware on the tables. Nothing looked wrong here and I turned back, frowning.
No one could have tampered with her food. What was I thinking? I took a deep breath before I entered my chamber. I needed to stop being so paranoid. Selenah would be fine…if she indeed was sick with something.
I fell asleep quickly and was unaware of the unexpected visitor that watched me from the skies.
****
The next day I expected Selenah to still be unwell, but to my surprise, she was her usual self, taking command of everything and trying her best to make my life miserable. 
She had me greet and get to know the other nobles in the palace so they would feel welcomed and so I could, in her words, make more friends.
I was practically bored out of my mind as one of the nobles happened to be an old woman who loved talking about her past life as a rich, beautiful, young courtier.
“So you see, my dear, you choose your suitors very seriously. If your mother were here, I would tell her a few things she should know about the noblemen of Tenebris,” Lady Yael said, giving me a wink. “As for you, it seems your sister has beaten you to the Prince. That reminds me, I once had a very handsome Lord try to woo me…”
I had a massive urge to roll my eyes at the old woman, but sipped at my tea instead. I just had to find out how to leave this torture.
After enduring another half hour of Lady Yael’s stories and several failed attempts to escape her clutches, she motioned me to come close and her aging eyes began to light with excitement.
“There are rumors,” she said, whispering. “About how your sister will not be able to have the Prince after all.” I raised an eyebrow. “They say the King has other plans. He needs an allegiance with Porticor, a very wealthy nation with four very pretty princesses. And since King Liason only has one son…” She let the words sink in, and my eyes widened at the realization. “But they are just rumors,” she added with a sly smile. “And I am just an old woman, talking out of sorts with a fifteen-year-old duchess.”
Lady Yael and I said our farewells, and I made my way back to the Grand Library. I needed some time to think in peace. I sat down amongst the high shelves stacked with literature and gazed out the window to across the courtyard.
What Lady Yael said could not be true. It was just a rumor. But if not, surely Selenah would know. I decided to keep this rumor to myself, and spare myself Selenah’s ridicule if I told her what I learned and it was indeed false.
No sooner had I made up my mind, I saw Prince Gareth and his guards make their way out of the palace on horseback. They rode off in a hurry once they reached the gravelly route outside the palace and towards the King’s Castle. I thought I noticed a bird flying above them, or was it my imagination?
To wash away my unease, I decided to figure out why Prince Gareth left, just to make sure things were all right. 
Hastily, I left the library and approached Selenah’s chamber. The two guards outside her door stiffened and glanced at each other. The older looking one spoke first.
“Her Ladyship Selenah is not here, Mistress,” he stated.
“Where has she gone?” Anxiety began to settle in my chest.
“We are not sure,” the younger one said, looking at his companion. “She just…” By looking at my vexed expression, he quickly added, “Her Ladyship is well and…um…”
“Mistress, Her Ladyship seemed excited about something. Please do not concern yourself with her absence,” the older guard said, giving his younger comrade a glare.
I nodded and walked away. So maybe the Prince’s leave was nothing related to Lady Yael’s rumor. I sighed, shaking my head. 
Unaware, I began to wander aimlessly through the palace, feeling an urge to do something, but unsure of what exactly. I halted by the stables and feeling rather bored, decided to go riding for a while.
Geared up and set for a ride, I tried to mount Coal, a muddy black mare who seemed just as bored as I was. When I failed to do so, the stable hand helped me up. I scolded myself for making a fool of myself in front of him. 
As we trotted about in the grassy fields outside the stables, I noticed I was not the only one there.
 
The sun was too bright for me to see a face, but the horse was visible: a glowing mane of gold and a shiny coat of white and pink colored reins; I could only imagine who the rider of this beautiful beast was: Selenah. 
No sooner had I identified her, she and her horse daintily galloped over to us. She circled around, as if showing her horse off. I scowled at her.
“Do you like the horse Gareth gave me?” she asked, making me realize this was why she had left. 
I shrugged. She looked at the horse I was upon and frowned.
“That thing does not look so pretty.” Coal snorted and shook her mane at Selenah’s comment. I gave her a triumphant look. If Selenah did not like this horse, and the horse her, she was mine. “Mel, let us go watch the recruits for the Royal Guard down by the battlements. I am sure it will be entertaining!”
She turned and wheeled off, dirt flying into the air. I decided to follow. It was not like I would be in the arena.
My time watching the new recruits was not a wasted one. Especially since Selenah had wooed the Connor and all his men into letting her train with them.
I wanted to laugh aloud when I saw the looks on the men’s faces when they were told they would have to challenge Her Ladyship. I could not help but chuckle when they ended up losing to her, spluttering excuses about why they had lost.
Her last challenger had actually put up a fight and perhaps because Selenah’s arm seemed to tire in the middle of their match, the full armored trainee took the upper hand and ended up winning. 
The result left me gaping, along with the rest of the men who had been watching the match. 
“Congrats!” Connor said to the victor, giving him a hard slap on the back. “You just beat her Ladyship when the rest of the new lot was unable to.” A chorus of objections rose from the audience.
Selenah walked towards me. “I need to take a bath,” she said, with a slight frown on her face. I grinned, seeing that she was upset from the loss. “Walk with me,” she said, taking my hand and dragging me away.
I really wanted to meet the one person who had defeated her in sword-combat, but I decided I could always do it later.
As if by instinct, I looked up towards the sky as we walked back into the palace, expecting to see the eagle soaring overhead.
And it indeed was. I noticed it would not fly any lower than the peak of one of the palace’s towers. I found that odd. There were plenty of trees in the Palace Gardens that it could perch on, yet it would only rest on the trees outside the palace grounds.
Selenah jerked on my arm forcing, me to look away before going on about her last challenger. I tuned her out, assuming she would just make up an excuse for her defeat to me, and instead, listened to the sound of the eagle’s distant wing beats. 










CHAPTER ten: lest history repeat


After a hot bath that Selenah insisted I take, I walked towards the Grand Library. It was quiet inside, except for the old librarian’s laborious breathing. 
My mind wandered as I touched the spines of the alphabetized leather bound books. My fingers stopped at a certain large volume that caught my eye.
I pulled at it with some difficulty, but managed to take it out without ruining the order. The title read, “Mhellanie the Evil: Sellena the First’s Sororal Enemy.” I stared at the book, dumbfounded. The first book I ever read on Sellena the First’s sister, and this was what I find?
Sitting down on one of the sofas by the fireplace, I opened the book, its seemingly new pages catching me by surprise. Tucking my legs under my knees, I blew out a breath and began to read.
****
“Is that an interesting book?”
I looked up from my reading. Owen was standing on my right, feet apart, arms folded across his armored chest, and his head tilted slightly. I checked my page number and closed the book, letting it rest on my lap.
“It does not concern you what I read. Are you still Selenah’s puppet?”
Owen did not respond to my question, but instead sat down on the armchair that was across from my sofa. He leaned forward, his elbows resting on his knees.
“Melanie, I am sorry. I truly am.” I blinked. Was this another act Selenah has told him to do to regain my trust? Owen sighed and leaned back into his chair. “Selenah says you might want some sword training.”
“Do you always do as she says?” I asked, annoyed. Although sword training was a privilege for a girl in Tenebris to know how to wield one properly. “What she wants and what I want are two completely different things.”
“It is not like you speak up for yourself,” Owen countered. Realizing what he had just said, he looked away. I looked at him in awe, before anger settled in.
“Oh, is that why you came? To scold and criticize me?”
“No, I did not mean–” He sighed. “I will make my leave. I shall be at the battlements if you change your mind.”
I remained silent as he got up and left. Deciding that the last place I wanted to be was at the battlements; I decided to humor myself with some of Lady Yael’s stories. It would be a great way to keep my mind off of Owen.
~~~
I walked over to Owen as he leaned over the arena fence, his eyes set on the deserted palace road before him. I felt a twinge of guilt in my chest. Would I ever have the courage to tell him what I had seen?
As I approached, he turned, his eyes lighting up. But upon recognizing me, he frowned slightly. Was that disappointment in his eyes?
“Your Ladyship,” he said bowing slightly. I said nothing as I watched him turn back to face the road once more.
“You are still waiting for her,” I observed. Owen gave me a sidelong glance before speaking.
“Melanie has yet to come,” he agreed. I gazed out towards the road with him, watching the wind blow about the leaves on the ground. I had a feeling she would not. “It is odd,” he said, making me turn to look at him. “I have never waited upon a lady before. It is usually I who makes them anxious,” he recalled, a small smile on his face.
I raised an eyebrow. Did he just call Mel a lady? “You will find Mel is not your ordinary lady, Owen.”
He now turned to face me, pausing before he continued. “She keeps to herself, and I can only wonder why.  It is almost as if she thinks the world is against her.”
I frowned, looking away. Mel would never think that…would she? Of course not, I care for her. Does she not realize that? I sigh, shaking my head. It seemed that Owen knew her more than I did.
“Keep an eye out for her,” I said, adding, “for her sake.” Owen glanced at me, eyes slightly narrowed before nodding. I bit my lip, feeling guilty Mel had gotten so upset with him. If anyone should have faced her anger, it should have been me, not Owen. “Do not remain here too long,” I advised.
“Of course.” But his eyes remained on the road. I walked away, fearing he would be waiting for a very long time.
~~~
“Well hello, my dear,” the old lady said, greeting me. “What a wonderful surprise, Mistress. Do come in.”
We set up our usual routine of tea and finding a comfortable spot in her lavish parlor. I was quiet at first, staring at the carpeted floors when Lady Yael asked if I was all right.
It was odd, but I felt the need to tell someone of what I was feeling and so I did. I informed her of how I really felt about Selenah, and how I found a book about Sellena the First’s sister. Lady Yael carefully listened, her old yet strong frame still as she sipped her unending cups of tea.
“Tell me, dear,” Lady Yael said. “What did you come across in this book?”
“Well…it said that Mhellanie tried so many times to kill her sister because she hated that she was so important, but she herself was not. And, well, she sided with the Sellena the First’s greatest enemy, the Reaper.”
“Hmm,” was her reply. “Best not let history repeat itself, eh?” She sipped her tea daintily. I cocked my head.
“You do not think…” I started. The old woman shook her head, and gazed at me with brown eyes. “The Reaper is long gone!”
“Ah, so who is our lovely Shadow Reaper, who seems to haunt her Ladyship’s dreams? Might I add, the man who kidnapped you?” At first it struck me with shock at the very possibility, and then I felt foolish. An old lady could figure it out and I could not.
“But…but I know. The Shadow Reaper cannot fool me. I have seen him and I know that he will try to win me to his side as he did Mhellanie a thousand years ago.”
Lady Yael put down her empty cup. “Yes,” she said. “That is true. But believe me, young duchess, when I tell you, there are more ways of you falling into his web than you can imagine.” Her voice was soft, but I could hear a warning behind it. “Your emotions match what Mhellanie felt, do they not? Be wise, my dear. You cannot hide behind these palace gates forever, and neither can Selenah.”
With that, I said my farewell and walked down the blue and white marble halls alone, feeling cold and afraid. I hugged myself, hoping no one would see. No one should be afraid when they were almost sixteen.
At the thought of it, I realized Selenah, too, would be sixteen. Did that change her relationship with the Prince? He was in his early twenties and needed to secure his crown by marriage. Selenah was too young to be a queen, right?
With nothing else in mind, I decided to meet up with some of the other noble women in the palace. None of the three were over the age of twenty or were married, so there was much we had in common. I was escorted in by one of their maids and nearly took a step back at the sight of Owen seated by three of the ladies I had come to visit. 
I raised my eyebrows at the sight, but it was clear that Owen was shocked to see me here. Did he not want me to see him courting others? He rose from his seat, as did everyone else. Bowing, he mumbled out a greeting. The others smiled and welcomed me.
“Our young Duchess Melanie,” Lady Fretta, who was seventeen, said. “Please do join us.” She looked to Lady Alary, whose flaming red hair made her stand out amongst the sandy-haired ladies.
“I would not want to interrupt your conversation with the Archduke…I will return another time,” I said, turning to leave.
“Please,” I heard Lady Alary say, who was nineteen and was eager to get Selenah’s approval through me. “Do stay. We were just about to have some tea,” she said, twirling her red hair. The attention was not for me. Her eyes were focused on Owen.
“No thank you. I am sure that whatever you were conversing about is much more important than I.”
I began to walk out of the large and finely decorated room. When I was not much more than a few paces out of the room, Owen caught up with me.
“Melanie, I was–”
“Courting with the others and wished that I had not interrupted?” His face reddened with embarrassment. I looked over his shoulder to find two heads outside the doorway– one with red hair. I raised my voice a little. “You need not confide in me. I am not your friend, remember? I am just the Duchess of the Solstice Palace and you are its prince. Choose whomever you like to spend your time with. It does not concern me.” I curtsied and left, feeling a bittersweet pride bubble within me.
I spent my lunch with some new subjects as a belated gift given to me by the King: personal maids. Despite my title, they spoke openly with me and often cursed or spoke ill of others, but I did not care. They respected me as an equal.
“Have you heard,” Yana, one of the eldest of my maids said as we finished up our meal, “of the King’s proposal?” We shook our heads.
“Do tell!” Ayah, the youngest of my maids, said eagerly.
“His Majesty plans to abdicate and have Prince Gareth’s coronation by mid-autumn,” she whispered loudly. I gasped alongside the others. Summer was almost upon us. Why would the King have the coronation so soon?
“For what purpose does King Liason want the Prince’s coronation to be so early?” I asked. The maid looked at me, and then motioned everyone to come closer. We all leaned forward.
“It is said His Majesty has had a vision of his death. And now he wants everything secure for his kingdom and son.”
“Vision?” I inquired.
“A dream of some sorts,” Yana said. My blood ran cold at the word. Could the Shadow Reaper have influenced the King?
“How do we know that what you tell is truth?” Blaire, my third maid, asked. Yana scowled at her.
“My mother knows the King’s advisor.” The two nodded, satisfied with her source.
Afterwards, I had begun walking towards the Grand Library, realizing the three maids were too.
“Can you…not follow me? I want to be alone.” The girls looked at me.
“We cannot. We are to stay at your side at all times,” Yana said.
“Oh.” I held back a sigh. “All right then. How about the stables? A nice ride would do us some good.” I tried to smile, but the girls looked at each other, almost as if they were uncomfortable.
“We are maids. We know nothing of horses or how to ride them,” Blaire said at last.
“I can fix that!” I grabbed her hand and rushed towards the stables. Yana and Ayah followed at our heels.
Our laughter filled the noon air as the four of us changed into riding gear, mounted our horses, and set off. The stable hand did not seem at all amused, as he had trouble keeping Yana, Blaire, and Ayah in their saddles and not on the ground.
But once they were accustomed to the basics, the four of us raced each other in circles in the pastures outside the stable.
A couple of palace guards off duty heard our laughter and decided to join in. They reached over their horses to grab at our reins. We shrieked and kicked our horses into a gallop with them right behind us. When the sun began its decent, we dismounted our exhausted steeds and chatted lightly.
“Can we treat you ladies to a supper at the Heavenly Inn?” Kaeric, the ginger-headed guard asked. Yana, Blaire, and Ayah looked at me, seeking my consent. I nodded. He smiled. “Well then, we will meet you lovely four outside when you are ready.” The four guards sauntered off.
Once out of sight, Yana, Blaire, and Ayah turned to one another and squealed. I grinned. As the four of us made our way towards the palace gates, I decided it was best to tell Selenah where I would be− if I could find her.
“Mistress, are you not coming?” Yana asked. Blaire and Ayah looked at each other with a worried expression. The three were waiting patiently, watching as I ran up and down halls in search of my sister.
“Go on ahead, I will meet you there. There is something I have to do first.” They nodded and walked over to where the four guards were waiting for us with a carriage hitched to six beautiful steeds.
Where was Selenah?
I saw Owen walk towards them and begin speaking with Blaire. I hurriedly caught up with them. Perhaps he would be useful after all.
“Oh, here is Mistress Melanie now,” I heard Blaire say. Owen turned to me.
“Is there a problem here, Archduke?” I asked. My formal reference to him still seemed to hurt him. I wondered why.
“Her Ladyship said–”
“If you have noticed, I do not exactly do as ‘Her Ladyship’ says,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest.
“It is near dark out. It is not safe.” Owen’s voice grew soft. I stared at him. What did he care? Was he still playing as Selenah’s errand boy?
“That is what we are here for, Your Highness,” Kaeric said, indicating him and his three companions. Owen blinked as if he just realized they were there. He nodded stiffly.
“Good night to you all, then.” They all bowed to him as he turned to leave. Owen glanced at me before he walked away.
There was a silence as everyone stared at me. I felt my face burn. “What?” My three maids exchanged secret smiles. “Are we going or not?” They grinned and we all filed into the carriages. Ayah and I sat by each other as Yana and Blaire sat opposite of us.
Kaeric and the other men took their positions on their mounts and we set off. I had an urge to pull back the curtains and look at the sky to see if the eagle was following us, but thought my paranoia would ruin the outing.
The Heavenly Inn was a spectacular sight. Never had I seen an inn so lavish. There was a large hearth with chairs arched around it that were cushioned with velvet. A chandelier hung from the high ceiling, and the rooms seemed as if they had been pulled out from the Solstice Palace itself.
After a light meal, we all sat and talked for hours. I was afraid of who would pay for the meal, but no one came to collect the tab.
Kaeric had already left the table by the time the singer and lute player arrived. Many others joined him as they began a dance. Kaeric’s friends all asked my maids for a dance. They looked at me and I nodded in approval. 
Nearly everyone at the inn was participating in the event. All but the two musicians, the Innkeeper, and I had not. I watched as the sky began to darken. It was a dusky blue by the first song had been sung, then turned into indigo, and finally melted into a hazy purple.
I jerked backwards when the thought of Selenah came to mind. I realized I had lost myself in the beautiful music of the lute player and the enchanting voice of the singer. Standing up, I walked over by the door, put on my cloak, and stood there.
For a moment or two, no one noticed, but then Blaire sought me with her eyes and immediately grabbed the others as she saw I was by the door. At the sight of their leaving, the guards followed, along with many other comments about the dance’s disruption.
As they all began putting on coats and weapons, I stole a look at the musicians. The two looked young, but old enough to be on their own. The singer wore a flowery dark green dress with a beaded necklace and the lute player wore the same green tunic and darker breeches. 
I shuddered at the sight of so much green. It only reminded me that I was outside the palace’s safety and vulnerable to anything the Shadow Reaper could do.
The trip back was quiet. I looked at my maids. Did I do something wrong, or was it them? 
After we all got out of the carriage, Kaeric and his men dismounted. Just as we all stepped foot inside the palace grounds, Selenah appeared.
She scowled at me. “Where were you?”
I could feel the unease sweep through my maids and the guards. “Did your pet not tell you?” I replied.
“You are not to leave the palace gates,” she exclaimed. “Especially at night!”
“I stand before you now, Selenah. Do I look dead to you?” She narrowed her eyes, but I did not care to notice the slight worry creeping into her features. “Well, it is getting late. I must have my maids retire.” I turned to them and bid them good night. The guards quickly escorted them away.
“Mel, you listen to me–”
“Why must I?” I retorted. “Is it because the Prince favors you? Or is it because you are the one savior to this kingdom, and therefore can rule over all?”
Selenah was silent for a moment.
“I cannot even comprehend why you act like this!” she cried, exasperated. “You do not listen to me, you do not listen to Owen, and you do not even care if the Shadow Reaper comes for you! What has –or is– controlling you?” She said the last bit with hesitation.
“I do not care about you or this stupid palace!” I nearly screamed.  My anger was back and I could not hold it down. “I am stuck here, like a prisoner, following the orders of a–” My mind was clouded in such resentment that I wanted to strike her, when someone gently pulled me away from Selenah.
“Calm down,” I heard someone say behind me. I growled. I did not want to calm down. I wanted to yell and kick that I should not be the one to be restrained.
That was when I saw Connor holding Selenah back. Her hands were ablaze with an unearthly fire and her face contorted with rage. Connor struggled to hold her power down with his. Being Captain of the Royal Guard made him the second most powerful magic-wielder in the Kingdom, other than the Shadow Reaper. I watched as Conner put an arm around Selenah, the magic slowly fading from her hands.
“It is all right, Melanie.” The voice was definitely Owen’s. I let him pull me away as the tears began to form behind my eyes. I let myself slip into oblivion, falling unconscious.












chapter eleven: watcher beware


When I awoke, I saw Tiran sitting on the bed where I lay, his head in his hands. Was this a dream? I had not seen Tiran in so long, I thought I was imagining him.
“Tiran?” I asked tentatively. He looked up with a start. “Is it really you?” He smiled his fatherly grin that made my heart warm. “It is you!” I sprang up to hug him.
He laughed as I nearly toppled him over. His arms embraced me tightly. I could not have felt any happier or more at home when I was with him.
The door to my chamber opened and Owen stepped in. His jaw was slightly dropped at the sight of us. We immediately released each other, feeling abashed by our behavior.
“I am glad to see you are awake at last,” Owen finally said.
“What do you mean? Is it not morning?” I asked, baffled. 
“Mel,” Tiran said gently. I noticed Owen raise his eyebrows at Tiran’s use of my nickname. “You have not awoken for two days.” My eyes widened. Had it been that long? Tiran smiled and rubbed my back. “Worry not; your rest was only from her Ladyship’s magic.” I bit my lip, but I was sure that my slumber was better than any actual pain Selenah could have inflicted upon me. “I will send for your maids.”
He stood up and brushed his lips against my forehead as if I were his child, then bowed to Owen and left.
Suddenly conscious that I was only in my nightgown, I pulled myself under the covers as Owen shifted awkwardly from foot to foot. He eventually sat down on a chair by a desk.
“May I ask how you know of this Royal Guard?” Owen asked with a slight hesitation. I settled down into the fluffed pillows and rolled my eyes. Why did he care to know?
“Tiran,” I began, “is a close friend of mine.” Owen looked uncomfortable and I could not understand why. 
All at once, my three maids rushed in, their faces lighting up knowing that I have awakened. They shooed away Owen so I could dress. As I did, they told me of what was going on about the palace.
“Prince Gareth has come,” Ayah said. “You are to dine with him, her Ladyship, and the Archduke.”
“Why has the Prince come? Surely not for my sake.”
“We are unsure of his true reason, but we believe that he is here to tell her Ladyship about King Liason’s arrangement for marriage between the Prince and one of Porticor’s princesses,” Yana replied, brushing my hair. “He must be heartbroken.” Blaire and Ayah nodded sadly with her.
“Heartbroken?” I repeated. “You mean…” They nodded. “He wanted to marry Selenah?”
“Hush! We do not want anyone else to know!” Blaire exclaimed.
“Did he propose?” I whispered.
“I believe he was going to, but King Liason’s decision to abdicate must have stopped him. He must now tell her Ladyship that they can never be,” Yana said.
“Oh, how awful!” Ayah replied.
A part of me felt bad for Selenah. But deep inside me, I knew I was happy. She now knew what it felt like to suffer and feel true pain. The thought scared me, how could I be so cruel? Then again, she had been cruel to me all her life.
Breakfast was quiet. Prince Gareth watched Selenah, just as he did the first time we arrived at the King’s Castle, while she ate. I wondered what was going through his mind as I looked at Selenah. She was awfully quiet. Did she know something was wrong? Every so often I glanced at Owen, whose eyes were set on me. Looking away, I focused on the plate of food before me.
~~~
The Shadow Reaper had not visited my dreams last night, but the morning had brought something far worse. 
When I heard of King Liason’s plan to have Gareth marry one of the wealthy princesses due east, I wanted to cry. Gareth was beyond a friend to me. Never had I felt so normal with anyone than when I was with him. And now he would leave to a distant land and never return. Would he go against his father’s wishes for me? I had believed the King was pleased with our close friendship and now the King wanted him to be married to another?
I caught myself before I set the fork in my hand aflame. I swallowed down the fear inside. Ever since the Shadow Reaper’s promise to reign with Mel’s help, my magic had begun to flare up at my anger. Was this common for magic-users? I would have to speak to Connor about it.
Looking up briefly, I caught Gareth’s gaze, before looking elsewhere. My heart had jumped at the sight of his hazel eyes on me, which made me panic. I admired Gareth for his kindness, but never had I thought past it. Was it possible for me to have fallen for him? 
I sighed. What I truly wanted was nothing more than to have the Shadow Reaper gone, so Mel and I could be happy. 
In an effort to clear my head, I glanced at Mel. She had an almost passive face, as if she did not care for the situation we were in. She looked unaffected –content even– by these events. The single thought of it made me cringe inside.
Over the table, I could see how the Archduke looked at Mel differently than he did everyone else. I could not figure out in what exact way, just that his eyes had a brighter glow when she was in the room.
I almost smiled, but I caught myself. Perhaps this time, my visions may prove to be false. 
~~~
“So…what is our plan?” My voice seemed to awaken everyone from a deep slumber. “We cannot stay here forever,” I said, with more confidence.
Prince Gareth nodded at my words before he turned to the Archduke. “How fares the palace since I left, cousin?”
“Well, Your Highness. The Shadow Reaper has made no attack against us for the time being,” Owen answered. Prince Gareth almost smiled.
“Father plans to have you back at the King’s Castle,” Prince Gareth said to Selenah. I looked away. It was just like the King to forget about me once again. Selenah had looked up at him as he spoke. “We have pressing matters to discuss. You are to leave with me once you are ready.” He stood up and briskly left.
I left no sooner than the Prince did. Whatever was going on, it did not seem favorable. As I passed by the kitchens on my daily aimless wandering, I saw a group of chefs speaking in hushed tones.
When I neared, they looked alarmed at the intrusion and dispersed. I could not imagine any reason for them to do something covert enough to leave at my arrival. What were they up to? But then again, it could be for Prince Gareth’s wedding to one of Porticor’s princesses. I shook my head and continued on my way out.
Before long, Prince Gareth and Selenah headed towards the palace gates. Their white carriage awaited them, and I ran to catch up with Selenah.
“Selenah, am I to stay in the palace?”
“You will be safe here,” was all she said. I could not believe her, and was beyond furious at her answer. Not only had she told me to stay there, she told it to me as if it were a discussed matter. Had nothing changed? 
“So you are just leaving me? Is that it? I am forever stuck in this old rotting place while you are free to roam the kingdom?” I was about to go on and tell her that as duchess, the King granted me the privilege to go where I pleased when she stopped walking. 
“I do not want you in danger, so you will stay here. You are living here in comfort, Mel. Please listen to me just this–”
“No, you listen to me,” I hissed, interrupting her. “What do you take me as? Do you think I would abide by your every word and stay locked up?”
“I do not want to force you to stay here,” she said in a low voice.
I laughed bitterly. Did she think to scare me? “You had better, Selenah. There is no other way you will find me staying here. I am sick of you ordering me around. For once, I wish you were never my sister!”
Selenah just stood there in pure shock. I stared defiantly at her, not taking back my words. We stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity before Prince Gareth came to see what was holding up Selenah.
“Not again…” he said, his hand slipping to hold hers. 
I knew it was disrespectful, but I scowled at him before walking away.
Rather than going back inside, I ran to the palace woods, a grove of trees within the estate. 
Slumped against one of the trees, my eyes filled with tears. I was not sure why, but whatever it was, it made me weep like never before. I pulled my knees up against my chest and rested my head on my knees, letting the tears dampen my dress.
Tiran found me as the sky began to darken. He sat down beside me and hugged me. It made me cry all over again, because I knew if anyone, Tiran would care.
“What is it, Mel? What has you so upset?”
“I told Selenah I wished I was never her sister,” I sobbed. “She…she just stared at me…” I felt the tears falling once more.
 
“It is all right,” he said, squeezing me. “You did not mean it. She must know that.” I swallowed. Did I mean it?
We were silent for some time.
“Tell me a story,” I finally said, sniffing.
“All right.” He thought for a moment. “A kingdom far away once had a brave knight…” I smiled through my tears, remembering the story for Tiran had once told it to me when I could not go to sleep.
“…Who slew dragons and beasts with his mighty sword,” I said, continuing the story.
“See, you do not need me to tell you a story, you know it already.” Tiran stood up, a hand outstretched for me to take. “Let us go in, Mel. I know a meal will do you good.” I nodded and placed my hand in his, letting him pull me to my feet.
“Tiran, you are like a father to me,” I said looking up at him as we walked towards the palace.
“And you are like the daughter I never had,” he said, grinning. “Having five sons can make life quite hectic and I am sure my wife could not agree more!” he said with a laugh. I smiled. “Let us race, shall we? First to the palace gates shall-”
I sprinted as fast as I could through the trees and towards the palace before he could finish, smiling as I lifted the folds of my dress to go faster. I could hear Tiran behind me, gaining speed.
Before I knew it, I was lifted upwards and spun in the air. I shrieked, feeling like a child as Tiran caught me. He put me down and we walked towards the palace doors together, cheeks flushed from exertion, when I noticed that Owen had been watching us. I turned my gaze away, pretending not to have noticed.
****
Supper was delicious. It was perhaps the best night since coming here, especially because Tiran dined with me.
“His Majesty the King wanted my comrades and me in Porticor,” Tiran said after I asked him why he had not joined me on my trip to the Solstice Palace. However, hearing Porticor made my skin prickle.
Tiran then told of his adventures as a lad, casting spells as he spoke to replicate and project the events that had happened and what it had looked like. As he spoke, the sword on his belt glowed fiercely.
Owen was there, by formalities, but for once I was glad. With Tiran back, it was as if all our troubles were gone.
As I was readying for bed that night, I heard a sharp bird call. I looked out the window and saw, perched upon the nearest tree outside the palace gate, was an eagle. It looked hauntingly familiar to the one I had seen before. I closed my eyes and shook my head. What could a simple bird mean?
Shutting the window, I went to bed.








chapter twelve: animal instincts	


By the next morning, I felt energized. I could have run until it was night if I could. Whatever I had done –or eaten– yesterday, it certainly had affected me.
Just as I was planning to ride Coal around the battlements, Lady Yael came to my chamber. The old noblewoman invited herself in, looked around, and then turned to me. I was thoroughly perplexed by her arrival. I had not visited her in some time. Perhaps she arrived because she felt lonely?
“A duchess needs better living quarters!” she said to me. Her statement was unusual to hear. Certainly Lady Yael had lost her wits.
“Pardon?”
“You are not going anywhere young lady. Her Ladyship has ordered me your new instructor. Where are your maids?"
“Instructor?” I echoed. “My maids…oh…they…I had told them they could come in whenever they wished.” This did not at all trouble me, but it did to Lady Yael.
“Have mercy! How can you be a duchess when they treat you so? You are their superior, you are the one to do as you please and they follow. I shall send for them later. Now, do you know how to sew?”
“Sew?” I repeated, getting a sinking feeling in my stomach.
“That is what I said. No need to worry, you shall sewing quilts in no time. Sit down and I will have some thread and needles sent here.” I gawked at her. What was she doing? Ruining my life?
“But…I am not a noblewoman! Only noblewomen do such arts.”
“Yes, you are far better than a noblewoman. You are the Duchess of the Solstice Palace. Now, listen to me or you will have to do twice as much!” 
She then handed me a spool of thread, a needle, and a piece of cloth. Everything in me wanted to shout no. I did not want to waste away my life sewing. My life had to be far better than this.
Within minutes, Lady Yael turned from an old, nostalgic lady to a strict mentor with zero tolerance. If I paused for the slightest moment, she would slap my hands. If I ruined a stitch, she would make me start all over again. Even gone, Selenah found ways to ruin my life, and this, perhaps, was the most worst she had dealt.
When my maids arrived, they hung their heads low as Lady Yael gave them an earful. They began tending to errands that should have been done days earlier and were told Lady Yael would punish them should they not follow strict formal code.
Sadly, when Tiran came by, he too, was given a lengthy speech on his formalities and when to visit a duchess. He gave me a sympathetic look as he walked out, and I wanted to run out the door with him.
Minutes slipped into hours, and all I ached to be outside, in the open, free from duchess duties. There was just so much of this I could handle, and I felt I was on the verge of madness. How women could spend their lives like this, I would never know.
“Again, Duchess! Hold the needle with care. It is not a–”
“I have just about enough of this!” I finally said, putting down the needle and thread. Lady Yael and my maids stared at me in shock.
“Ladies do not raise their voices, nor do they talk when–”
I walked out of my chamber without a second glance. My feeling of imprisonment dissolved away as I continued towards the stables.
Coal greeted me before I mounted her, which lightened my mood. Someone must have changed her saddle and reins, for they were now dark green. She started a full gallop before I could tell her otherwise and we sped off in the stable yard. 
Before I knew it, Coal jumped over the fence with outstanding grace and speed. The exhilaration of it all made me feel like a bird learning the true splendors of flight.
Coal’s hooves rhythmically beat the cobblestone ground as we circled the palace grounds. I thought about going into town on my own. It seemed like a grand idea and I turned Coal towards the main entry gates.
As we neared, the reins seemed to glow. I dropped them and blinked. Coal came to a halt and the reins stopped glowing. I took them back in my hands and urged Coal forward.
Passing through the archway, she reared up and whinnied, tossing her head into the air. I held on as tight as I could to prevent myself from falling off. 
Once on four feet, she raced out faster than I could have imagined. I tried to slow her down, but the now glowing reins took on their own accord.
Coal galloped faster and faster, and all I could do was hang on for dear life. Before long, she stopped mid-run, and I flew off her back, landing on the ground violently. I gasped as I tried to breathe, my chest and back momentarily paralyzed from the fall.
I heard the sound of footsteps and tried to call out, but no sound escaped my throat. The footsteps grew louder, approaching me.
The person walked up towards me and squatted down. He pulled down his green hood and the face of the Shadow Reaper appeared. Had I any air in my lungs, I would have screamed.  






























chapter thirteen: rise again


“So we meet again, Melanie,” he said with a smirk. His green eyes danced with amusement. “You had a knack for riding, too,” he said, looking up wistfully as if recalling some distant memory. He gazed back down at me. “Come, Melanie, I would like to show you something.”
With a firm yet surprisingly gentle hand, he pulled me to my feet. Now standing upright, air filled my lungs and I began to cough.
He let go of my hand and I noticed that I no longer controlled my movements. My legs had a mind of their own, following him as he began to walk.
“Where are we?” I gasped.
“Oh you have been here before,” he grinned wickedly.
As we approached, we passed burnt homes and ruined crop fields. What had happened here? We stopped as I caught the sight of a familiar cottage. The windows and doors had been shattered and the structure seemed to shift and sway in the moving wind.
I raced over, now remembering what it was: my home. I ran in through the open doorway and found the place in ashes. A breeze blew by and the stench of decaying flesh filled my nose. I gagged at the smell and covered my mouth with my sleeve.
Just in front of me, in a pile of ashes, was a hand. The ring upon its finger glittered. Scrawled upon the ring were both Selenah and my own name. The thought of it made my eyes water, but no tears fell. Not far from that lay another pile of ash, but much larger and there lay a foot, still wearing its boot. The boot was unmistakable. Only father wore leather and goat hide boots.
I raced out of the cottage and took deep breaths of air, the tinge of smoke burning my throat. The sight of my dead parents reemerged in my head and I retched, but nothing would come up.
“Had enough yet?” The Shadow Reaper’s voice asked, coming from behind me. I wiped my mouth with the back of my sleeve. “Home sweet home, is it not?” There was a hint of pleasure in his voice. “They must have treated you terribly,” he said, now gazing at the burned cottage. “I say they deserved it. Do you not agree?”
I remained silent, feeling wretched. Was it my fault they were killed? From my hatred of this place, had I cost everyone here their lives? I swallowed hard. No, it could not be.
The Shadow Reaper smiled. “You know, I like the sight of you in terror, fearing the worst. It makes me feel good inside,” he whispered in my ear. I swallowed hard, too terrified to say anything. “Because I know it is me who controls you.”
Hearing that, I turned to face him, glaring into his piercing green eyes. All I wanted was to punch him, make him suffer for what he did– not only for killing my parents, but also for killing the innocent families of all those who lived here, too.
“You monster,” I growled.
“I have been called worse,” he said with a smile.
“You will never become King.”
“Oh, I will,” he replied. “And I will do so with your help.”
“You will not. I refuse to be like Mhellanie and turn against my own sister.”
“Is that so? Last I remember, you had wished you were not sisters with Sellena.”
My eyes widened. How did he know I had said that?
“See? You are just like Mhellanie all those years ago, but you refuse to accept it. But this time I will succeed.” He paused for a moment, his eyes searching my face. “Whether you believe it or not.”
His face was inches from mine and I could feel the coldness of his eyes boring into mine. I tried to remain calm, fearless, but his gaze sent shivers down my spine.
A sudden burning in my chest made me gasp, my hand gripping my chest. The Shadow Reaper smiled as I felt my heart begin to pound wildly –as if there were two hearts beating– making it impossible for me to move.
“It is amazing how you are just like her, Melanie.” His voice surprised me by its softness. “Your hair,” he whispered, running his long, slender fingers through them, making my scalp prickle. “Your eyes, your lips…” As he drew closer, I tried to move away, the cold emanating from his body felt like Death itself, encompassing my entire body.
His head whipped back at the sound of horses approaching.
Without his fierce gaze, I felt unsteady, my chest no longer burning. I took the free moment to make my escape, but he grabbed my arm and pulled me in front of him. Two horses came to view, dark bays that I had seen before in the solstice stables.
I saw the glittering armor, sword, and shield that belonged to a Royal Guard. The other rider was wearing steel armor that I had seen when Selenah had lost in the arena.
The Shadow Reaper took out a dagger and put it to my throat as the two neared. I flinched as the steel pressed against my skin. The Royal Guard jumped off his horse, approaching us slowly. The second rider did the same.
“Let her go.” The Royal Guard’s voice was muffled under the helmet, but I could immediately tell it was Tiran. “Please.”
“Please?” the Shadow Reaper scoffed. “Now, that is a first.”
“I will do what is necessary to ensure her safety,” Tiran replied.
My mind raced. There was no way Tiran and his companion could defeat the Shadow Reaper. Only Selenah could do that, and she was far from here.
“If I asked for your life, or the life of your Archduke, to return her safely, would you comply?”
Archduke? What was he doing here?
Tiran stiffened. Surely, he did not think his, or Owen’s, life were worth my freedom?
“I would.”
Tiran whirled around to look at Owen as my eyes widened at his words. 
“No,” Tiran gasped. “Do not–”
“Yes,” the Shadow Reaper said, his eyes trained on Owen.
 
The dagger in his hand flicked forward and it made contact with Owen’s chest with a metallic thud. A scream erupted from my throat as I instinctively lurched forward.
The Shadow Reaper laughed, vanishing into black smoke as I fell to my knees. I got up and ran towards Tiran and Owen.
Tiran had already unclasped Owen’s armor and taken out the dagger. I knelt down beside Owen and took off his helmet. I dared not look at his chest, where his shirt was now soaked in blood, and where Tiran was treating the dagger wound.
I gazed down at his face, my eyes watering. “So stupid,” I whispered, cradling his head in my lap. “Why would you risk your life for me?” I asked, a sad smile on my face as I brushed away hair from his forehead. “And it is my fault you are hurt.”
“Do not say that,” Tiran said.
“But it is,” I insisted, looking up at him. “Will he survive?” I whispered, praying that his answer would be a yes.
Tiran closed his eyes, put his hand over Owen’s wound and began muttering something under his breath. Owen’s chest began to glow for a moment before Tiran opened his eyes.
“I do not know,” he answered. “His wound is far too deep. My magic seems ineffective. I am sorry, Mel,” Tiran took off his helmet, rubbing his shaven head.
“No,” I whispered. “He cannot.” Tears streamed down my face. “Not for me.” I pressed my face to Owen’s neck. I had been so rude to him…yet he still took his life for me.
 
“We need him back at the Palace,” Tiran said, putting on his helmet. “He may have a chance to live if we can have him carefully treated. Get on his horse, Mel. We need to hurry.”
I obeyed, mounting Owen’s horse as quickly as I could. Tiran whistled and the horse lurched forward into a gallop. I clenched the reins in my hands and looked behind me. Tiran was gone, as was Owen, and the second horse. I suspected Tiran had used magic to get he and Owen to the Solstice Palace safely.
The sky darkened rapidly as I rode. By the time I entered the palace gates, the sky was a dusky blue. My maids greeted me as I dismounted the horse.
“Where is Owen?” I asked at once, feeling anxious. “And Tiran?” They looked at each other and took me to the Infirmary.
There, nurses and physicians swarmed about, tending to Owen. Tiran was barking out orders, which was the first time I heard him raise his voice.
I raced over to Owen’s side. He looked paler and his face was covered in sweat. The sight filled me with guilt.
“Mel,” I heard Tiran say. “You should not be here.”
I looked up at him and I could not help but feel angry. “And where should I be, then? Sewing with Lady Yael?”
“No, you should not be here when–”
Just then, something shimmered. The air beside Tiran sparkled and hazed to form what looked like a mirror, but inside was Selenah.
“What happened?” I heard her ask. “Why is the Archduke in the Infirmary?” She nearly screamed at us. Beside her, Prince Gareth looked helplessly at his cousin.
“The Shadow Reaper attacked, your Ladyship,” Tiran answered formally, giving me a cursory glance. “He had Melanie at the throat and the Archduke took his life to ensure her safety.” I looked away from the magical mirror. The guilt could not have hurt more.
“Did the magic barrier not hold?” Selenah asked. “The Shadow Reaper could not have entered the palace grounds.”
Tiran turned away from the mirror slightly. “I am afraid this happened outside the palace walls.”
“What?” Selenah’s eyes fixated on me. Prince Gareth put a hand to her arm as he spoke.
“Can you heal him?” he asked. “That is all that matters.” I had a feeling the latter was for Selenah.
“We believe so, Your Highness,” Tiran stated. “But we will need–” There was a loud roar heard behind Selenah and the Prince. I glanced up at them, eyes wide. What was that? He clenched the hilt of his sword tightly, but did not do anything further.
“Tiran, Captain Connor will arrive shortly. He will have what is needed to help the Archduke,” Selenah said quickly. The mirror instantly dissolved after she spoke.
~~~
I turned to face Gareth, fighting to hide back the doubts I had about Mel. I wished more than anything to tell Gareth, someone who I trusted my own life with, so I would not have to carry my fear alone. 
Instead, I gazed up at Gareth’s pained face and put a hand on his cheek.
“I am sorry about your cousin,” I whispered to him. Gareth smiled weakly.
“There is no need to apologize, Selenah. My cousin has a tendency to be very obstinate when he chooses to be. If anything, I would say it is his fault he is lying in the Infirmary,” Gareth said, feigning the amusement in his voice. I scoffed, but was glad to see he was trying to overcome this incident.
Someone entered the chamber and I withdrew my hand from his cheek realizing then that Gareth had been holding it.
“Your Ladyship,” Connor said bowing. I nodded and held out my palm to him. The words flowed out of my lips and a flask of red liquid appeared. Connor reached out and grasped it, his fingers brushing against my hand.
“Please, take it to Owen. He is in the Solstice Palace Infirmary. Instruct Tiran to have it poured on his wound and he will heal as I do.”
Connor nodded, his silver armor glowing into gold plates, a pair of large feathery wings protruding from his shoulder blades. He flexed them, ready for flight.
“And Captain,” Gareth said, stopping him. “My father wishes that you gather reinforcements from the Solstice Palace to defeat the Shadow Reaper’s dragons. So take caution,” he advised, the sound of a distant roar making me shudder. “The dragons can breathe flame.”
~~~
As the last remnants of magic faded away, a clatter of hooves was heard outside. Within minutes, Connor raced up in full battle attire with a vial in one hand.
“Pour this on his wound,” he said, handing the bottle of red liquid to Tiran. “He will heal just as fast as her Ladyship does. Once done, leave him be and gather as many Royal Guards as you can.”
“What for?” Tiran asked.
“The Shadow Reaper has sent out dragons to attack the people,” he answered. “We must defend the kingdom at all costs.”
“What about her Ladyship?”
“She and the Prince are not to be involved. Only His Majesty, the King, and the Royal Guards are to deal with this.” With that, white feathery wings appeared on his back. With some flaps, Connor was airborne and out of the palace in seconds. We all stared, awestruck at his display of magic.
“Mel,” I turned to face Tiran. “Pour this over the wound. I need to go.” He handed me the vial.
“Where? I want to go as well.” 
“No, it is far too dangerous.”
“But–”
“There is no time to argue. Please listen to me. You will be safe from the attacks as long as you stay here.” He briefly hugged me and left without a word.
I trembled as I uncorked the bottle and with half-opened eyes, poured the red liquid over Owen’s open chest.
Afterwards, my maids ushered me away from the Infirmary. They helped me undress and prepared me for a bath as I was shaking too much to tell them otherwise.
I had supper by myself. The emptiness was unbearable. I missed how Tiran would show his battles using his magic and how Owen would always try to get me speaking to him. I wondered what he must have felt after I continuously rejected the idea of any friendship between us. How could he possibly give his life, knowing that I despised him for being Selenah’s puppet?
It rained heavily that night as lightning brightened the sky. I cried myself to sleep then. The guilt I felt was too excruciating bear. How could I have allowed Owen to get hurt? The thoughts of what I had seen before emerged. And what of our parents? Did they come in harm’s way because of me? I tossed and turned, unable to ease my mind of troubling thoughts.
chapter fourteen: a different battle


I awoke the next morning a little after the sun rose. I refused my maids’ help although I was barely conscious. 
As I walked down the halls to have breakfast, there was commotion coming from the Infirmary. Remembering that Owen was still hurt and on the verge of death, I raced over.
“I believe he has…passed,” one of the physicians told another. 
He put two fingers on Owen’s throat and wrist, a mournful look on his face. His companion nodded. My heart hammered in my chest, as the seconds went by without any further objections.
“Owen cannot be dead,” I whispered to myself. “He cannot be.” I walked over to his bedside and kneeled, taking his hand in mine. It was warm and moist, which I found odd. One would think the palm of a dead man would be stiff and cold.
“Mistress, we are sorry for your loss, but we need to prepare him for his death rites,” one of the nurses told me.
“No!” I said angrily, tears pricking at my eyes. “He is not dead.” I gripped onto his hand and brought it to my lips. “He is not dead,” I whispered. I pressed his hand to my forehead and refused to get up.
“You must eat, my lady.” Yana told me, Ayah and Blaire chorused in as well. “Please!” I ignored them. If I had to starve, so be it. My own recklessness had brought this upon Owen.
I do not know how long I stayed there, nor do I recall falling asleep. I awoke with a start when I felt something pulling me to my feet.
The first thing I saw was Owen sitting upright with a smile on his face as he pulled me off the floor. I sat on the bed beside him, awestruck that he was alive.
“I am so glad you are all right!” I exclaimed, hugging him, the feeling of guilt vanishing as he laughed and embraced me tightly. “I thought you had…” I trailed off. “I am so sorry. It is my fault you were hurt and–”
“All is well, Melanie,” he said, smiling. “I thought myself, too, that I would leave this world, but then I thought of you, still captive under the Shadow Reaper. I could not go until I knew you were safe.” A smile grew on my face at his words.
I bit my lip and looked away, suddenly feeling self-conscious. Owen smiled and drew me close. For a moment I let myself go, but then I heard a stifled giggle, nearly making me jump out of his grasp. My maids were still watching!
“I have to go,” I said, getting up. Owen nodded as I called over several physicians before I left in a hurry.
“Mistress Melanie is in love!” Ayah said as I sat in the dining hall, waiting on my breakfast. The accusations made my heart skip a beat.
“I am not.” I rang the bell to call in a maid. The kitchen maid arrived with my breakfast, and left.
“It was adorable to see the two of you together like that,” Blaire said with a sigh.
“We are just friends,” I countered, trying to hide the flush in my cheeks. I had also left out that we were friends again. It was impossible not to forgive Owen after what he had done.
“Friends, you say,” Yana said, winking. I rolled my eyes.
“I see Owen as a worthy friend. Nothing more. What else is there to see in him?” Although I said these words aloud, I was grateful Owen saw me worth his life. If not for him, where would I be?
“Much more!” Yana exclaimed, sending the three into giggles. I pushed away the tray once it was empty, ringing the bell to call in the maid again. She came back quickly and left without another word.
“But he is in love with you!” Blaire cried. I raised my brows, finding it surprising that they could ever believe that. “He took a dagger to the heart for you. How can you think otherwise?” I had no answer for her. 
“Well, if Mistress Melanie does not want him, I surely would,” Yana said. We all laughed as she pouted. “I am serious, stop laughing!” Yana’s cheeks reddened.
“Mistress?”
Amidst all our talk, I had not seen a messenger come up and wait patiently for us.
“I apologize for my behavior,” I said, recovering from our laughter. “Is there something I can help you with?”
“Archduke Owen is to report to the King’s Castle immediately,” he replied. “I suspect that you should be there as well.” I thought it odd for him to say it, but nodded anyway.
“I think it is best you tell the Archduke. I will be ready as soon as I can. Let him know that I will meet him at the palace gates.” He nodded and jogged off.
A flash of green caught my eye from his wrist, and although I was intrigued by it, I did not have the time to dwell on it.
Later, I stood by the palace gates with my maids beside me. Owen and the messenger walked over to where we were. Owen was dressed in fine clothing, and I smiled at the sight of him looking as if the Shadow Reaper never harmed him.
When the carriage was set, the messenger bowed, opened the door for me, and helped me up. 
As I sat down, I could see my maids watching Owen. He seemed a little flushed, and I could only wonder why. I gave a small wave to my maids before the messenger shut the door and got the carriage into motion.
I gazed out through the window as we traveled; remembering the last time Owen and I had taken a trip together in a carriage. The thought of the undead skeleton grabbing a hold of me made my skin prickle. I could not recall any guards taking position around us for this trip, which made me frown.
For a while, the journey was quiet. All I could hear was the rhythm of the horse’s hooves treading heavily on the dirt road. Owen was surprisingly quiet.
There was a piercing noise and a sudden thud, as if whatever it was made contact with flesh. The carriage abruptly stopped. I swallowed hard and felt my heart begin to race. Surely, this was normal? Perhaps it was just a detour or some procedure?
Owen immediately unsheathed his sword, and just as he was going to open the carriage door, it flew open. The tip of a stranger’s sword was at Owen’s throat before I could blink.
“Lower the sword and no one will get hurt,” the brigand said, his voice gritty. I noticed that his left eye had a scar through it and was tightly shut. Owen slowly lowered his sword, looking defeated. “Now, hand it over,” he commanded. Owen hesitated. The stranger’s sword flashed towards me, making my heart skip a beat and my breathing falter. “Now,” he growled, “or I kill the lady.”
Owen’s sword clattered to the floor of the carriage. The bandit smiled. “C’mon boys, we got us some nobles!”
Two others pulled us out and dragged us onto the deserted road. By the looks of it, there must have been at least seven of the bandits and no guards, save for the motionless messenger. I swallowed as I saw one of the bandits drag him off. Two others were tending the horses, a couple others were scouting as a large muscled, and one had us by the collar while their leader watched them.
“These horses are in top condition Gyor,” one of them said to the bandit with one eye. His companion nodded.
“We’ll get a lot out ’em. Maybe eight gold apiece,” the other added. One of the scouts whistled as they made their way back.
“That’ll get us some fine food,” he said.
“It sure will,” Gyor said. “Not only that, we’ll get some riches off the lady.” My mouth went dry. A couple of his comrades chuckled, and he grinned as Owen struggled to get out of his hold. “Tie ’em up, Rojer.”
There was a sudden pain to the side of my head and I fell to the ground, unconscious. 
chapter fifteen: bandit time


I awoke to the sound of a crackling fire. Night had fallen.  I was tied to a tree, my arms bound behind me and my ankles secured together. The rope rubbed against my skin, causing it to itch and scratch in some places. I fumbled for balance, hopping a bit before finding my footing.
I looked up and saw five of the bandits in a circle by the fire. They all watched me with suspicion. Embarrassed, I looked about for Owen, who was also tied to another tree, but the knots by his ankles and waist seemed much more intricate than mine. At least he had been tied sitting upright. 
“So, you’re awake,” the familiar rough voice said by my ear, taking me by surprise. He circled from behind the tree, his face dancing from the shadows of the crackling flames. “Tell me, lady, what noble family are you the unlucky daughter of?” The man chuckled. I wanted to slap him.
“I am not pretty, I will grant you that, but I am far more appealing than you will ever be.” I spat the words at him. He did not seem fazed.
“What a sweet little thing you got there, lady.” He fingered the bejeweled necklace that hung around my neck. “She must be from a wealthy one, don’t ya think?” He pulled at it, causing my face to lurch closer to his. “Now tell me, what noble family are you from?” he hissed. Something stirred behind him. Gyor looked back and grinned. “So the brave knight wakes.” 
“My armor…” Owen mumbled as he took in his surroundings. “Melanie?” He looked around furiously. I closed my eyes briefly; Owen had unintentionally given away my identity. Who could blame him? Gyor was blocking his view of seeing that I was just across from him.
“Melanie, you say?” Gyor said, fully turning to face Owen, his large shoulders still obscuring my view. “I don’t recall any noble daughters by the name of Melanie.”
“I heard there was a new duchess by the name of Melanie,” one of the younger bandits prompted. I gritted my teeth. His leader whipped his head to face me, an ever-growing smile playing his lips.
“Duchess,” he repeated, leaning in closer, and eyeing me with an odd look. I turned my head away from him. “You must be worth something, wouldn’t you agree, love?” He put a finger under my chin and forcing me to look his way. 
“Let’s have that necklace she has,” another bandit said, rising from his seat. “Looks valuable. Could give it to someone special. Like my ma.” He walked over towards us.
“She would be ashamed of her son for getting her stolen gifts,” I said through clenched teeth. His eyes narrowed. 
“Then ain’t it great she dead?” He said stiffly, snapping the chain and letting the necklace fall into his palm, before he grinned and walked over back to the fire to admire it.
“Anyone else?” Gyor prompted.
“Lemme have those silk gloves,” another chimed in. I saw Owen shift under his bindings. Gyor walked behind the tree and removed the gloves off my hands. He threw it over to the bandit who caught it deftly with a smile. I looked helplessly at Owen, who would not meet my gaze.
They all began to call out items: my earrings, my broach, my hair clips. All were decked with jewels. One by one, they were unfastened and split amongst the group of thugs. I kept my jaws clenched and my thoughts elsewhere. My hair fell loose upon my back, my body bare of accessories.
“That was one of the best harvests we’ve gotten in a while,” Gyor said with a smirk. I bit my lip, refusing to cry in front of these savages. “I bet the Duchess is hungry. C’mon boys, we haven’t forgotten our manners, have we? Let’s celebrate for our plentiful findings.”
A cheer erupted from the brutes as their leader untied my hands and ankles. Any thought of escape fled my thoughts as Rojer, the colossal muscled bandit, walked over to my left. His arms were folded over his broad chest, a grim look on his face. However he had been the only bandit, other than Gyor, to have taken something from me.
They placed a bowl of light brown liquid in front of me, the contents sloshing over the rim. I gaped at it.
“What is that?” I asked, my stomach flipping at the sight of it. I was more accustomed to the palace food than this.
“Supper,” one of the younger bandits said, slurping up his bowl of…soup. They ravenously ate their share as I sat there, feeling sick. 
“Not hungry, my duchess?” Gyor asked, walking over to me. “Or do you want me to feed you?” I scowled at his grin.
“I will not eat this,” I said lifting my chin higher. 
Gyor screwed up his face before he took the bowl and ate it himself. “The duchess requires better food, Eyjak,” he told the bandit who took my necklace. “Then let us obey.” 
Eyjak seemed hesitant, but went to one of his packs and produced fresh bread and some cheese. He placed them in a bowl at my feet and walked back to his comrades with a sour look on his face.
As hungry as I was, I ate cautiously. I had no idea what these bandits would do to us, now that Owen and I no longer had anything for them to take.
After eating, I was escorted by Rojer to take my seat beside Owen. The bandits pulled out fur hides and began readying for a night under the stars. I heard Owen’s stomach grumble. Rather than feeling embarrassed, I felt ashamed. I had eaten my fill, yet there he was, starving. 
“I am sorry,” I whispered. “I was selfish. I should have asked them to give you something to eat.”
“No, do not trouble yourself with me.” He forced a smile. “It is I who should apologize. I could not stop them from robbing you of your possessions.”
I looked away. Why did we have such luck? I then turned to glance at Rojer, who stood erect and motionless as a statue. Something clicked in my head. 
“Rojer,” I started. His eyes flicked downwards towards me. “What made you join this team of bandits?” He remained silent, what little courage that had surfaced within me fizzled out, and I looked away. 
“Me mother,” he finally said. I looked up at him. “Owned an inn, she did. Loved me and my father, ’til the night a couple of castle guards came to the tavern. Ruined her, they did, left her with child. Me father wanted nothing to do with her then, said he couldn’t forgive her. I was a lad, maybe nine when she killed herself.” I shuddered at his words. His fists clenched as he spoke. “They ruined more than just me mother. Other women, too. Young girls like you.” 
“And you decided to ambush travelers by the King’s Castle as revenge?” I asked in a low voice. He glanced down at me with an almost surprised look, but spoke no more.
I turned away, gazing at the others, wondering if they joined for a similar reason. I remembered the bandit that had taken my necklace, Eyjak, and how he almost looked ashamed after I had mentioned that his mother would disprove of what he was doing.
“Enough talk,” Gyor said, his voice calm. “Us men need our sleep, my duchess.” I eyed him warily. I was starting to dislike his reference of my duchess more and more. 
Gyor looked at some of his fellows, then back at me. They were smiling. I grimaced, a bad feeling sinking inside me.
“Get over here.” Gyor lifted me off the ground, a tight grip on my arm. Owen grunted in effort to reach for me, but failed. I struggled under his grasp.
“What are you−?”
“A duchess needs a warm place to sleep at night, does she not? And I just so happen to have one. Of course, that means the two of us will have to share the bedspread.” Gyor said with a smirk, as if the matter were simple. My eyes sought Owen’s, his face red with anger as he tried to break away from his bonds.
“Do not dare touch her,” he growled.
It was then that the thought struck me as to what Gyor was planning to do. And it was more than just sharing the same bed. 
“Shut him up,” Gyor said with a frown. One of them stood, walking over to Owen, before kicking him in the ribs. He doubled over, spitting up blood. I gasped in horror at the sight.
“Please do not hurt him,” I begged.
Gyor smiled, bringing a hand to my cheek. I almost gagged at the touch. “It depends, love, on how I’m feeling.”
“Don’t keep her to yerself, Gyor! Been a while since a couple of us guys seen a lady, too,” another bandit said. Gyor just grinned in his direction, shoving me closer to his tent. 
Fear raged inside me, and without thinking, I shoved my elbow into his chest with as much force as I could muster. Gyor gasped, bending over to press a hand against his bruised chest.
I ran as past him, but I did not get far. Standing before me were two bandits, blocking my escape. The two grabbed each of my arms and brought me back to an enraged Gyor. I twisted from their hold, but to no avail. 
“No one dares defy me,” he snarled, whipping his hand across my cheek. I cried out, my eyes watering.
Gritting my teeth, I felt a sudden rush of anger fill me as Gyor looked down at me, smiling at what he had done. 
I kicked out wildly, catching the two bandits by surprise. The heel of my boot came in contact with Gyor’s abdomen, causing him to drop to his knees, wheezing.
The two pushed me to the floor, making me kneel before Gyor as he once more turned back to face me. My anger instantly washed out, as Gyor glared at me with vengeful eyes.
“I’m going to enjoy stripping every last bit of your dignity, duchess,” he seethed, grabbing me by the hair, pain shooting up my scalp. 
The two bandits let go of me as Gyor dragged me towards his tent. With my last bit of strength, I called out,
“Rojer, please spare me from your mother’s fate!”
Gyor and his men glanced at Rojer where he stood, staring at me, his dark eyes boring into mine. For a second, I thought all was lost.
“Let her go, Gyor,” he said, breaking the silence.
“Rojer,” Gyor said. “You’ve no business to order me about.” Rojer stepped forward, his eyes trained on Gyor, with his hands clenched into fists.
At once, Gyor let me go. I fell to the ground with my head bowed to the ground, tears in my eyes. I held a hand to my cheek, the burning sensation still lingering.
“I thank you, Gyor,” I heard Rojer say before his massive body knelt down beside me. “And I thank ye, too, duchess, for making me realize the wrongs I’ve done,” he whispered. I looked up to meet his dark eyes, seeing the kindness –and not the solitude– behind them. “Now come, your friend needs you.”
Rojer helped me to my feet, gently guiding me back to Owen. I rushed to his side, helping him to sit upright. I wiped away the blood from the edge of his lips. Owen bent his forehead to touch mine, our eyes closed. We stayed like this for some time, before Gyor interrupted. 
“Get to sleep, the lot of you! We leave at dawn.” He turned and opened his tent’s flap, disappearing inside. By himself.
I settled myself beside Owen, trying to forget what could have happened if not for Rojer. A sudden feeling of safety enveloped me, knowing Rojer was in the shadows behind me. 
My hands rested on Owen’s lap and my head on his shoulder. There was nothing I missed more now than the crumbling walls of the Solstice Palace. Anything was better than being out in the cold, on the ground, and surrounded by a group of savage, thieving men.
As I drifted off to sleep, I thought I heard Owen say, “Forgive me, Melanie, for not protecting you.” I felt something brush against my head that made me smile, but I much too tired to think on it.
Chapter sixteen: an odd turn


Some time passed, and I awoke when a draft of air prickled my neck. I found myself still curled up beside Owen, his arms around me. I looked to see if he was awake, and blushed when he smiled down at me.
“Are you alright?” I whispered, pushing myself off his chest. He smiled and nodded. “What happened? Where are the bandits?” I asked Owen as we both stood up.
“Rojer, I believe, untied me. The rest of his men left along with he.” 
“Did any of them tell you where we are?” He shook his head. “The how are we to get back to the King’s Castle or to the Solstice Palace?”
“If we head towards the way we came from, perhaps we could find the road and wait for help there,” he suggested. I nodded. Nothing could be worse than where we already were. 
It was quiet as we headed back towards the road, but we never found it. The farther we went, the more the trees thinned. But rather than the road, we found two horses tied to a single tree.
Owen calmed them down before they could warn their riders, should they have been nearby. The path to where the two were led down to a pebbly path towards the waterfall. 
We hid behind a large tree and looked out to see who they were. I could not believe my eyes. The two talking were Selenah and Prince Gareth. I looked at Owen just as he turned to me. He was equally surprised.
“…You agree to your father’s proposal?” I heard Selenah ask.
“I am not sure, Selenah. Father just wants me to have an heir.” Prince Gareth turned to look at her. “Do you think…?”
Selenah hesitated. “I do not know…I believe that if I have a child, the Shadow Reaper will stop at nothing to have it dead…” She turned away from him. “Is there no one else that can produce this heir?”
“My cousin’s children will be considered as heirs,” Gareth said slowly.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Owen shift in his spot. This was most certainly unusual, I thought. But we were fortunate. We found our way back home.
~~~
We were standing on the lakeshore, staring at each other. I could not believe what Gareth had said to me and I to him only moments before. He was smiling and I could not help but do the same. I loved him. And he knew it. 
But our moment was gone when his gaze dropped to the ground and I knew at once why his smile had left. It pained me to even ask him, but I had to.
“Gareth, did you agree to your father’s proposal?”
“I am not sure, Selenah. Father just wants me to have an heir.” Gareth turned to look at me. “Do you think…?” I felt my face flush at what his question entailed. But then I had remembered the Shadow Reaper was still alive and I felt my initial happiness slip away. 
“I do not know…” I said slowly, “I believe that if I have a child, the Shadow Reaper will stop at nothing to have it dead…” I turned away from him, my eyes moistening. How could I bring a child into such a life? There had to be another way. “Is there no one else that can produce this heir?”
I could feel Gareth’s intent gaze on me. “My cousin’s children can be taken in as heirs,” he said. “But...let us defeat the Shadow Reaper, Selenah. I can convince father to put off his plans for another year perhaps, and that may be time enough for us to end all of this,” he said, taking my hands in his. “And then we can–”
Gareth was cut off when we heard a cry for help.
~~~
“Follow my lead,” I whispered to Owen. He looked confused, but nodded anyway. 
I inched away until I was several yards away from the two. “Help! Someone, please help us!” I was shocked by how fast they came, Prince Gareth’s sword unsheathed. They halted at the sight of us. “Your Highness!” I exclaimed. Selenah rushed towards me and nearly knocked me down in her tight embrace. Owen and the Prince exchanged words and clasped each other’s hands.
“What happened to you?” Selenah asked frantically, her eyes searching my face. 
“We were on our way to the King’s Castle,” I told her. “We were ambushed.” She looked at me with sorrow, perhaps seeing the bare skin that should have been covered in jewelry. “Do you know why we were called?” Selenah and Prince Gareth exchanged looks.
“Let us take you there. We will deal with those bandits later,” Prince Gareth replied at last. I nodded.
Selenah and the Prince both mounted the same horse, allowing Owen and I to mount the other. 
As we rode, I became anxious about why we were asked to the King’s Castle. If Selenah and Prince Gareth knew, why have they not told us? When we arrived, we were changed and brought a quick meal. 
Selenah treated Owen’s wounds from the bandit attack when we had settled in. I looked away when he had removed his shirt to reveal the dark bruise on his chest. From the corner of my eye, I saw Selenah touch his bare skin, whispering a spell. I clenched my hands, feeling a sudden rush of anger at the sight. At that moment, I desperately wished I had magic of my own.
Prince Gareth was also present, speaking to Owen about some festivity that had occurred just recently, but I was too busy trying to ignore how Selenah looked so natural at Owen's side. I huffed and turned away, upset that my eyes had wandered back to them.
After a smile and saying farewell, Selenah and Prince Gareth departed. As soon as they had gone, the King requested that Owen speak with him.
“Melanie, wait for me by the courtyard,” Owen told me as we stopped some yards away from where His Majesty stood. I nodded and walked back, but I could not hold back my curiosity. I wanted to know what was the King wanted to speak to Owen about.
Waiting for Owen to make his way to the King, I fell in step with him and hid by the stone archway when the two had met up. I looked over my shoulder, making sure I could not be seen.
“I have summoned you today to speak of important matters. Perhaps you know, my only son, Gareth, is smitten with her Ladyship Selenah and refuses any other hand other than hers. But, I need an heir, and soon.” He paused. “I do not approve of my son’s acts for Lady Selenah is not keen on having children.
But, I shall agree to their terms of forestallment so long as you can assure this throne with a male heir of your own. Perhaps this year would suffice, yes?” 
“But Uncle,” Owen said. “This year? How am I to–?”
“You are twenty-three, Owen. Must I remind you how many women you have seen this past year?” I paled hearing those words. “And I am sure that there is no problem with you attaining a child from one of these women?” I heard Owen sigh. “Is there?” the King demanded. Owen bowed his head.
“No, Uncle.”
“Very well. I expect that you will choose your bride within the fortnight. You are dismissed.”
I jumped at the King's last words. Quietly I made my way back to the courtyard, pretending as if I had been there the entire time. Owen looked at me with a sorrowful look in his eyes. Was there someone he had in mind? The thought of it made my heart fall, but I waved it away. Of course, if anyone he would marry, it would be a noble and not the likes of me.
“Would you accompany me in the Gardens, Melanie?” 
“Of course.” 
We strolled about, quiet and withdrawn.
“Melanie,” he stopped walking. I stopped with him.
“Yes?” 
“Happy birthday.” I could not help but smile. I had forgotten myself, that today, the first day of summer; I had been born sixteen years ago. Owen looked a little happier, seeing my reaction. 
“Thank you.” I closed my eyes to the breeze that blew by. Some time passed before I asked, “What did the King say?” His initial happiness faded away. 
“It was nothing too important to worry about.”
“We were ambushed for no reason at all, then?” I could not stop myself from saying it. What did I care anyway? Owen frowned.
“My cousin wants to marry your sister.” His words were sharp. “And the King wishes for me to secure an heir so they may have some time for themselves.”
“Is that a problem,” I said in a low voice, “that my sister and the Prince want to be together?” I wanted to know. Did he, like Connor and Prince Gareth, have also fallen in love with Selenah? Was that why it hurt him to hear the King say it?
“No, of course not,” he said quickly, raising an eyebrow at my asking. “I am glad they are happy together.” I held back a sigh of relief. “It is just that…I am not brave enough to tell the one girl I care for to be…my wife.”
“And have a child with her.” He nodded, looking away. Was that a blush in his cheeks? “Does the King have anyone in mind?”
“No.” I exhaled, realizing that I was holding my breath awaiting his answer. “But he expects me to wed soon.” 
I turned away from him and continued walking. As he followed, I thought, why did I feel like this? I felt an ache in my chest that I had never felt before. I closed my eyes briefly before turning to face Owen.
“Perhaps I should go home, back to the Solstice Palace…I am sure you will be busy preparing for your wedding and I do not wish to interfere. Send my regards to Prince Gareth and my sister when they come back.” Owen gaped at me as I walked away, forcing myself not to look back.
****
Later that day, a carriage was set for my departure. The King, tending to other businesses, did not bid me farewell. Owen, on the other hand, insisted he come with me.
“I cannot leave you on your own. Not after what happened on the road.”
My eyes widened. Was I realizing now how much he cared about my safety? Or how he was insisting on coming along with me? But then I remembered that he was going to be married and have a child with another woman. One from the many the King had spoken about.
“I will be fine, Owen,” I said gently, although I wished more than anything for him to accompany me. “There are many guards with me this time,” I said with a half-hearted smile. “And you have more important things to worry about than me.” The look on his face made me regret my words, but Owen relented with a defeated look on his face.
The carriage door slammed shut and flanked with two guards on horseback, I made my way back home.
As the seconds grew deeper into my journey, I began to regret leaving Owen. But I brushed my thoughts aside. It did not matter.
When I arrived, my maids were glad to see me and excited to hear of my tale after supper. They all seemed to want to meet Rojer, imaging him to be their roguish prince to protect them from any danger. 
“So strong,” Ayah said dreamily.
“So brave,” Blaire cooed. 
“He is perfect for me!” Yana declared. We all giggled. “But,” Yana went on, in a more hushed tone. “How did the Archduke respond to that bandit wanting of you to…” she trailed off, not wanting to say anymore. The other two nodded, awaiting my answer. I took a deep breath.
chapter seventeen:  the fiend in dreams


I recalled to them what had happened afterwards, how Owen had gotten hurt, apologized for letting harm come my way, and kissed me goodnight. The moments those last words escaped my lips I looked away, seeing their eyes light up in amusement.
“I was right,” Blaire said, smiling. “Am I not always?”
“Oh hush, Blaire,” Yana scolded before turning her words to me. “It does not matter. What is more important is that Mistress Melanie enjoyed it!” I gaped at her, my face heating.
“I did not!” My maids laughed at my outburst and I shook my head. “Come, let us have supper,” I said, in hopes to end their gossip.
But it was not any better. I was lucky to have finished my meal, for the three had been teasing me the entire time. However, I could not admit to them that I enjoyed their gaiety. It at least had brought my thoughts to a more positive side: that I had a slight chance of winning Owen.
When we had finished, I went to my chamber to sleep early. After undressing into my nightgown, I noticed that its hem rested some inch or two above my ankle, when it had previously brushed against my feet. Calling in my maids, they smiled as I showed them.
“Sixteen must be your year,” Ayah said. I raised an eyebrow.
“My year for what?”
Ayah looked over at Yana and Blaire. Neither spoke a word. I rolled my eyes. 
“Let us get you some new fitted dresses,” Yana said, indicating that Blaire and Ayah take out the clothes in my wardrobe. “We shall be right back.” I nodded as they turned and left.
I walked over to the stand-up mirror, running my hands through my loose hair, watching myself. I did not look any different, my hair was still dark and plain, just as my eyes were, but perhaps I was changed, on the inside. Would it be for the better or for the worse? I could only hope it was for the former.
“Enjoying the view?” A familiar, haunting voice asked behind me. From the edge of the mirror I saw him approach. I quickly turned around, taking a step back. The Shadow Reaper smiled. “Of course not,” he answered, “you would rather much look like this.” Cold, ghost-like fingers gripped my shoulders as he forced me to look back into the mirror.
I gasped at the refection. The girl I was staring at looked like me, but she was dressed in a sumptuous light green gown, glittering in lace. She looked beautiful. Behind her was the Shadow Reaper, dressed in a darker green but in kingly clothing, not in the cloak he wore now. The girl was smiling at me, content with the way she was.
“Wh-who is that?” I whispered.
“Why, it is you, Melanie,” the Shadow Reaper said, grinning. “If you had magic.”
I swallowed hard. The girl there looked happy. Would I be happy too, if I had magic?
“And Selenah,” I heard myself asking, “what would she look like without her magic?” The Shadow Reaper looked delighted by my asking, and instantly, the mirror clouded before clearing. I could not hold back my shock at the girl before me.
The magic-less Selenah was dressed in a thin, dingy white gown. Her once golden hair was now a dull straw color and hung limp on her shoulders. Her face looked pale and the light in her eyes were gone.
I breathed in deeply, unsure of what I was seeing. She looked ordinary, like me.
At last I came to my senses, stepping away from the Shadow Reaper.
“How are you here?” I asked, my voice trembling. “Selenah's magic protects this palace.” The Shadow Reaper walked over to the windowsill, glancing outside. His image wavered before he turned to face me.
“Indeed her magic does,” he said frowning, “and you are fortunate my magic is weak right now. But soon, I will not always have to rely on you.” He held out his hand as he spoke. “Take this chance now, Melanie, and aid me in my efforts.”
I stared at him, jaws clenched. “Do not think I am so easily persuaded,” I hissed, troubled that he sought me for my assistance. “I will not turn my back on those I love. I will not be like Mhellanie as you wish me to be.”
The Shadow Reaper pulled his hand away, green eyes lit with fury.
“Believe what you will now, Melanie, but when I am King it will be because you alone have given it to me.” I opened my mouth to speak, but he was gone.
Yana, Blaire and Ayah, came into my chamber just as the Shadow Reaper disappeared.
“Were you…talking to someone, Mistress?” Blaire asked. “We heard…” 
I could not meet their gaze. How was I to tell them that the Shadow Reaper was just here? I shook my head.
The three looked at me skeptically, but said nothing. Silk dresses of all colors were draped over their arms. They were quiet as they fitted and adjusted them. I could not bear to have them believe I did not trust them, but I could not bring myself to speak, either.
“Forgive me,” I said in a low voice. They did not question me any further.
The sky was a dark purple, near black, by the time all the dresses were altered. But I could not put myself to sleep knowing the Shadow Reaper –even if he were only a projection– was able to enter the palace grounds. It made me panic, not knowing what to do, or who to tell.
“Tiran,” I whispered into the still night air as I leaned out the window’s edge. “If only you were here. You would know what to do.” I tilted my head and closed my eyes as a slight breeze passed through.
****
I stared at him, my eyes blurred with tears. The Dragon, a massive dark shape with curling black wings and rigid spiked body, stood where a Royal Guard lay at its feet, unmoving. A laugh echoed through my ears and I whirled around, looking for who would delight in Tiran's death. My eyes met the cold green eyes of the Shadow Reaper, who stood atop the Dragon’s head.
“I have warned you, Melanie, and let this be a lesson to you.” With that, he and his beast simply vanished in a cloud of thick black smoke.
Racing over to Tiran, I begged him to live, to forgive me for causing him so much pain. He did not respond to my voice, or my hand that gripped tightly onto his. Blood had pooled around him, soaking into my dress.
I awoke, screaming out Tiran’s name. When I realized it was only a dream, I laid back down, my eyes staring up at the lace of my canopy bed. Seconds later, my maids rushed in.
“Are you all right, Mistress?” Yana asked. I nodded, but the image of Tiran brought tears to my eyes. “What happened? Did you have a nightmare?” They seemed oblivious of the Shadow Reaper’s ability to control dreams, and his threat stopped me cold.
I tried to stand up, wanting to know if Tiran was alive. The three protested, but could not stop me. I ate breakfast quickly, and knew my best chance of knowing Tiran’s survival was by going to the King’s Castle.
As I made my way to the palace gates, a carriage approached. I stood off, wondering whom it could be, a feeling of anticipation tensing my nerves. 
When the coachman opened the door, my hope of seeing Tiran plummeted as three noblewomen stepped out. I greeted them as their duchess, and they politely made conversation before going off to meet the others. My maids saw my disappointment and tried to help.
“Perhaps the new nobles know something that we do not?” Ayah suggested. The two nodded with her.
“Do not worry. We will figure out what you need to know, Mistress,” Blaire confirmed. She and Ayah walked after the nobles. I stared ahead and turned to walk by the palace woods. Yana followed silently.
“I shall go inform the others where you are," she said at last, frowning, before leaving.
I tried to breathe calmly, staring into the trees. Of course Tiran was alive. The Shadow Reaper was only doing this to scare me. But I could not bring myself to believe it until I knew for sure. Please, Tiran, be safe. I looked back when I heard footsteps approaching.
“What news do you have?” I asked, my voice slightly shaking. My three maids looked nervously at one another.
“The nobles know nothing more of the Dragon assaults,” Blaire started slowly. “But what they did say that the Archduke left.”
“Left?” My breathing faltered.
“We do not know for sure, but he seemed to have left the King’s Castle. Whether it was to escape the...marriage or kidnapping, we do not know.”
“No, no, no,” I whispered, turning away from them. Was he going to be killed like Tiran had been in my dream? “This cannot be true,” I whispered to myself. Who would I lose next? I shuddered at the very thought of it.
The day went by quickly, but I could not get the thoughts of Tiran’s death and Owen’s disappearance out of my mind. Without knowing for sure if the two were alive, I felt miserable. What if they were dead? It would be my fault.
I had barely any hope left for their survival when a carriage arrived by mid-evening. I did not imagine the two stepping out, alive and well, as my hopes of such had dwindles as the day wore on. I was astounded when I noticed who came out of the carriage.
“Tiran!” I exclaimed, racing over and throwing my arms around him. He laughed and spun me around. It felt so good to be in his arms. 
Tiran was about to pull away when I pressed closer to him, fearing someone might over hear what I had to say. 
“The Shadow Reaper told me you were dead,” I whispered. I felt Tiran’s embrace tighten, as if telling me he was truly here. Did I dream his death only to suffer?
He set me down and patted my shoulder, giving me a solemn nod that I knew meant we would talk about this later. Tiran led me back into the palace, which now glowed under the last rays of the sun.























chapter eighteen: a change of heart


“I came here once I was dispatched off the Dragon hunting unit,” Tiran explained as we made our way to the dining quarters. “So tell me, the Shadow Reaper contacted you only through dreams?” He asked, as we settled in for a late supper.
“No. He came before me as a projection within the palace gates.”
“That is impossible,” Tiran breathed, leaning back. “No one can break through her Ladyship’s barriers. Not even the Captain can,” he said. His voice became thoughtful as he spoke on. “I think it is best that we tell your sister what is going on before it gets out of hand. She may even be able to fortify the palace barrier so the Shadow Reaper cannot appear within these walls again.”
I shook my head. “No, he will use it against me, I am sure of it. The more I am in contact with her, the more he will want me on his side.” Tiran watched me for a moment before speaking.
“You are right,” he conceded. After some time, Tiran sighed. “It is getting late. Rest, Mel. You will need it,” he said rising as I stood up. He escorted me back to my chamber. “Good night,” he whispered, opening the door for me, and kissing my forehead.
I smiled and closed the door behind me, feeling an odd pressure in my chest. The memory of Owen saying good night to me flooded my mind. Would I ever see him again? Did the Shadow Reaper…?
It was another sleepless night. Not only was I up feeling wretched that there was a chance of Owen being certainly dead or held captive, I was afraid to close my eyes, to dream another nightmare of the death of someone I cared for. I resisted the urge to sleep, fighting it back with worries and fears of what would happen.
The next morning I awoke, feeling light-headed. I was not sure when I had fallen asleep but it was not enough. Despite the lack of rest, I dressed myself quickly and quietly so I would not wake my maids any earlier than needed.
We had breakfast in silence. My only thoughts were of Owen’s chance of being in danger because of me.
To busy myself with other things, my maids suggested spending time with the other nobles. I did as they asked, only half-listening to what the noblewomen spoke about.
“Can you believe one of my servants ruined my gown?” one of them exclaimed. The others gasped in horror, hands to their hearts. I frowned. Who cares? There were lives at stake because of the Shadow Reaper’s declaration of war and they were worrying about ruined gowns?
Unable to stand their presence any longer, I excused myself and walked out. My maids were at my side instantly, but I could not feel better by their company. All of this was my fault. There was no denying it. Had I never been born, Selenah would not have me as an enemy…
I bit my lip to stop the tears that threatened to break free. I brok into a run, heading for the chamber Tiran had spent the night in. Surely, he would be there for me.
But he was not. A maid walking by had said Tiran had left for home and would return by the next morn.
I slumped against the chamber door, letting my tears flow. Why was my life so pitiful? So useless? My maids sat with me, comforting me. I shut my eyes. I would do anything to know if Owen was all right.
Just then there was a commotion outside, forcing me out of my misery. Wiping my tears away, I made way towards the palace gates where several carriages had stopped.
“Blaire, Ayah, find out what is happening,” I whispered, my eyes trailing the dozens of nobles for Owen. My search came up short. The two quickly returned, grim looks on their faces.
“The King’s Castle was under attack!” Ayah exclaimed, making me gasp.
“How? By what?”
“Dark Mages,” Blaire answered. “The nobles have fled to seek refuge here at the palace.”
I swallowed. How could I manage all of them without help?
“You can do this,” I heard Yana say encouragingly. Taking a deep breath, I nodded. Yes, I can. And I would.
The rest of the day was chaotic. Each nobleman and his family had certain residential needs that I could not find reason with. One would say their chambers were smaller than that of their previous chambers at the King’s Castle, or it was too drafty, or they did not want a chamber to overlook the roads or palace woods. Their trivialities were both endless and insistent.
However, I made sure everyone had eaten in the finest silverware and the food to their liking. If I did not, fights would ensue.
Despite the waning hours, I kept a fervent hope that Owen would be among the many nobles still arriving. 
The last of my hope flickered out when the palace had finally succumbed to a peaceful lull sometime near midnight.
I was very much tired, but I felt an urge to stay up. Out of fear or anxiety, it was impossible to say. Regardless of my effort, my eyelids began to droop and sleep overcame me.
****
Sometime in the middle of the night, my hazy mind awoke to the sounds of a guard’s shout. 
Weary, I looked out the window that viewed the front gates and saw, between the two pillars; a sparkling, magical, web had caught something. 
Unaware of the danger, I raced out towards the ferment. The web caught a horse and its rider, the horse frozen in mid-run. The two Royal Guards cautioned me not to near until they deemed the traveler safe, and I slowed my pace. The rider seemed terrified by the palace’s barrier and turned to face me as I neared.
The horse’s hooves clattered to the cobblestone path as the two guards allowed him entry. I could barely keep myself upright as he dismounted his horse.
“Owen?” Could it really be him? Or was this another trick to make me suffer? I raced into his arms, despite my doubts. He embraced me tightly. “I thought I would never see you again,” I whispered, feeling my heart beat loudly.
“Melanie−”
“Where were you?” I asked, breaking away from the embrace, searching his darkened face. “I was worried sick that the Shadow Reaper took you!”
“I shall tell you everything in the morning,” he assured, turning me around and herding me back inside. He gave me a tired smile and I nodded. “Good night,” I heard him say behind me as I entered my chamber. I went to sleep soon afterwards, relieved.
****
My eyes fluttered open, my heart racing. Another nightmare. 
This time, I saw everyone: Selenah, Gareth, Owen, Tiran, Ayah, Blaire, and Yana being burned alive by the same black shadowy Dragon from my nightmare the day before. I was watching, trapped inside a cage of green flame, unable to stop their torture. I could still hear their screams and the sight of the green fire bursting from the Dragon’s jaws. The Shadow Reaper was silent as he stood atop his massive Dragon, smiling.
I confessed my nightmare to Tiran as we ate breakfast. He seemed jaded after I told him, and guilt settled in my stomach. I did not want to burden him, and I told him so.
“I do not want you handling this yourself,” he replied, reaching over to give my hand a squeeze. “You should not carry this hardship alone.”
We fell silent, resuming our meal.
“How large were the Dragons you faced?” I prompted after some time, imagining the fearsome Dragon in my dreams.
“No larger than a horse,” Tiran replied. “Which is odd,” he said after a moment, putting down his fork. “The Dragon you speak of must be as large as this palace.” 
We lapsed into another silence, fears growing inside us.
“Have you seen Owen?” I asked, after our dishes were taken away.
“The Archduke? No, I have not,” Tiran said. “I heard he arrived here in the hours of night. Have your maids send for him. He is likely to be asleep after a hard ride.” I nodded and did as he told me.
Tiran took me outside to the palace gardens and spoke of lighter–and more harmless– subjects. It was a reprieve from all the ataxia I had been through. Yana arrived, informing me that Owen would be here soon. Tiran then decided to take his leave.
“I should be off, now,” he said. “I promised my wife I would return once I checked up on you.” He smiled and I hugged him farewell. He walked off towards the stables and disappeared from view when I heard someone walk up behind me.
“Good morning,” I said, turning to face Owen. “Did you rest well?” He smiled. It felt good to see him happy again. But I frowned a bit. I needed to know. Where had he been?
Owen sighed, understanding my silence. “My ordeal seems trite compared to what has happened,” he said, his eyes cast to the ground. I narrowed my eyes. How could he think so lowly of his well-being? “I…ran off, to be honest. My father told me I had to wed one of the nobles that he set up for me,” he said. “But I could not go. Not with you–” He cut himself off, clearing his throat. “I knew he would send others to look for me here, so I stayed at an inn and left at night so they would not find me.”
“Did you not think what grief your disappearance would have caused?” I asked. “What I would have thought of your disappearance as the Shadow Reaper declared war on us?” I had not realized that my heart was pounding, almost deafening in my ears, as I spoke, and a blush began to creep up into my cheeks as he stared at me.
Owen quickly bent down, kissing my cheeks. “I promise I will never disappear on you again. I will always be with you.” 
He stared into my eyes, and for a second I believed it. I wanted to trust those words, but to how many other women did he say that? How many other women believed it and were forsaken? I turned away from him and began walking, still feeling his lips on my cheeks. He followed. 
“You do not believe me, do you?”
“Why? Why should I believe you?” I asked, frowning. “You still must marry and have the next heir. How are you to do that with me at your side?” It had not occurred to me that I had spoken aloud his intentions.
His face looked pained. “Melanie, what I–”
A large shadow crossed his face, and I turned around to look at what had caused it. A massive creature, black and shadowed, as if it shunned the light of the sun, flew above us. It flapped its clawed wings once, sending leaves sweeping across the ground and me struggling to keep my skirts down.
I took one long look at it and screamed in realization. It was the Dragon from my dreams, I thought, just as its long neck snaked towards me, its green eyes cold as ice.
Owen shoved me to the ground, his body a shield, as a burst of green flame erupted from the Dragon’s mouth. I shut my eyes, thinking it all another nightmare. It had to be. The Dragon was only a monster that haunted my dreams, but Owen had seen it, too. I forced myself to open my eyes and saw Owen’s face inches from mine.
“Are you all right?” he asked. I barely had time to grasp that Owen was so close to me when the image of the Dragon’s eyes boring into mine resurfaced.
I buried my face in his chest, whispering. “It is here! It is here!”
He pulled himself up and cradled me in his arms, his eyes filled with concern. “What is here, Melanie?”
“The Dragon from my nightmares,” I whispered.
chapter nineteen: tied against time


I imagined how the guards and my maids found us. I was whimpering and curled in Owen’s arms as he rocked me, the flagstones behind us scorched black by the Dragon’s flames. My maids glanced nervously at one another and I realized that they must have overheard my conversations with Tiran.
“It is headed towards the King’s Castle!” a guard finally said, breaking the silence as he pointed towards the black shape in the sky.
He and the others began to mutter what they should do. Contact the King? Send reinforcements? As they weighed their options, my maids rushed to my side and gently pried me away from Owen. They comforted me with kind words and took me to my chamber to talk.
“What exactly happened, Mistress?” Yana asked.
“We were talking and then it flew towards us…” I did not have the strength to say more to them.
“You poor thing,” Blaire said, patting my back. “What should we do…about the Dragon?”
“What can we do?” Ayah retorted. “We would be burned to ashes if we dared to come any closer to it!”
“But doing nothing would be just as devastating,” Yana said. “Maybe we –I mean– you should talk about this with the Archduke and the guards? You do have the right to know what action is being done. Just calm down,” she soothed. “You must be strong after what happened. Be strong for us.”
 
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, imagining the dragon before me. It was a gruesome sight, but I shook it away, feeling a sensation run down my spine. Be strong. I opened my eyes and forced a smile at the three of them. They smiled back weakly and helped me out the door.
From there, I headed towards Owen’s chambers when I saw him walk out. He immediately spotted me and rushed over.
“Are you all right?” His voice was filled with concern, and I noticed then that he was wearing gilded armor I had not seen before, along with a double-edged broadside at his hip.
My eyes grew wide. “You are…leaving?” He looked down at his armor then back at me.
“I must,” he replied.
“Then I will come with you.”
“No, I cannot risk losing you,” he said, caressing my cheek with his fingers. I held my breath, my heart caught in both shock and joy. “Stay here. You will be safe.”
“I refuse to sit here and do nothing, so do not expect me to obey.” I crossed my arms over my chest. A small smile appeared on his face.
“Then you will have to do exactly as I say when we arrive there. Do you understand?”
I nodded, and then considered leaving when he cupped his hand under my chin and lifted my face to look at him. My heart began to race. “Melanie, I–” He was cut off as others approached us. He dropped his hand and turned to face the approaching men.
“Your Highnesses,” a guard said, bowing. I suppressed the urge to gasp. Is that what I am now? Royalty? “On your order, we will send word to His Majesty and dispatch the King’s Guard stationed here and in nearby towns.” Owen nodded.
“Ride your soldiers with the King’s Men. I will leave now and await your arrival.” They nodded and left. Owen let out a sigh once they had gone. It made me think he was nothing but a child wondering what he got himself into.
“We can do this,” I said, putting a hand on his arm. He grabbed it and put it to his lips. I smiled. “I shall meet you at the stables.”
I turned away and walked back to my chamber to inform my maids I was going to battle.
****
“Mistress, I cannot comprehend why you would want to do such a thing!” Ayah said as she looked for riding boots.
“Ayah, I believe it is time we serve our kingdom, whether or not we like it,” I stated with confidence. I would show my allegiance to Tenebris by aiding in the Shadow Reaper’s defeat.
“I would certainly sit it out!” Blaire said as she did my hair. “This war is magic against magic.”
“I would love to see the battle,” Yana said as she looked for an appropriate dress for me to wear. “But I am far too afraid of getting caught up in the heat of it.”
I settled for my riding hat, boots, jacket, and leather trousers. Once dressed, I raced over to the stables, worried that Owen might have left without me.
When I arrived, Owen had two horses geared up: Coal and a built-up shire that mirrored Coal’s colors. After mounting Coal, he mounted his horse and we set off quickly to the King’s Castle.
In the distance, we saw smoke billowing into the blue skies and quickened our pace, fearing the worst.
It was mid-morning by the time our exhausted horses reached the King’s Castle. The solid blocks of rock that built the castle had blackened. Where towers once stood were now piles of rubble. The faint smell of smoke lingered in the air.
Silently, we dismounted, tethered the horses to a fence post and raced inside. There were no sentry guards or maids about. When we reached the throne room, several Dark Mages were there. 
As soon as they came into view, we skidded to a halt and turned away before we could be spotted.
“Here,” Owen took a sword from one of the displays on the wall and gave it to me. It was heavy in my hand, but I this was not the time for complaining.
“Where could they have gone?” I asked, surveying the empty halls and corridors of the King’s Castle.
“Perhaps by the forest,” Owen suggested. “It would be a much better place to find cover than in these halls.” 
I nodded and we both headed outside, making sure to stay out of sight. We silently made our way to the back of the King’s Castle where a thick, lush forest was.
The deeper and deeper we went, the more I felt that we would find them: the Shadow Reaper and all his Dark Mages against Selenah, by herself.
We came across a clearing that looked all too familiar. There were Royal Guards in a tight formation around a single person, with dozens of Dark Mages surrounding them. Rather than being accompanied by their large riding crows, the Dragon stood on all fours, gazing curiously at the person in the center. Was that Tiran I saw beside her?
Up close, I saw the tint of its scales, darker than the color black. Its massive body crunched down several trees and its claws shone silver. It bared its fangs, making me shudder at the size of its dagger-shaped teeth. I froze at the sight of it, fragments of my dreams coming back. Would this be where it all ends?
Amidst all of this, there was no sight of the Shadow Reaper.
“Where is the Shadow Reaper?” I whispered to Owen, searching the Dark Mages.
“Right here,” a voice said behind me. I whirled around as I fumbled for my sword. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Owen surrounded by a sphere of black sparks, immobilizing him.
The Shadow Reaper smiled. “I see that the Archduke still lives. But I shall deal with you first.”
He withdrew a sword from his side. The blade looked rusted and the gold-colored hilt was dull. The familiar crude markings on it made my heart skip a beat. He had my sword− the one that father had given to me.
“You…you have my sword,” I said in disbelief. The Shadow Reaper edged closer.
“It was mine, some thousand years ago. It is time I have it back, do you not agree? Although there are markings on it I had not noticed before.” He grinned, toying with the sword, and stepping closer once more. I took a step back as he did so. 
When I did, the ground underneath me gave way and I stumbled down the rock face. Once again, I found myself on my back with the Shadow Reaper standing above me.
“Mel!” I heard Selenah shout as she approached us, the Royal Guards shifting with her. The Shadow Reaper looked in her direction, then down back at me. He held out a helping hand.
“Here, let me help you up,” he said, his voice no longer sounding cold and heartless. Hearing that, I heard Selenah stop short in her advance towards us.
I stared at him; he no longer resembled the fearsome Dark Mage that had kidnapped me. He looked as if he were an ordinary man, his green eyes looking down at me kindly. I found myself putting my hand in his. His hold tightened as he brought me up to my feet. I thought I heard Selenah gasp as he turned me to face her.
“Mel…” I heard her whisper. “How could you?” I opened my mouth to speak, but the Shadow Reaper spoke.
“Well, Sellena, are you satisfied now?” The Shadow Reaper gave her a snide grin. “You now understand what it felt like to be abandoned by the last thing you can call family. Now, prepare yourself for my retribution,” he sneered.
Selenah scowled as black wings sprouted from his back and he charged at her, the sword father had given me tight in his hands. Gold wings instantly appeared on Selenah’s back and she broke away from her protective ring, her glowing bow and arrow aimed at him.
As I fumbled my way back, I grabbed my fallen sword, my eyes still on the Shadow Reaper and Selenah. Her golden arrows were cut away from him, the sword in his hands beginning to glow black. Seeing it, a sudden pounding in my head began and I turned away, holding my head.
For several moments, I could barely move, visions of things I had never done before flashing in my mind. I saw the Shadow Reaper, in a prince’s attire, holding a hand out for me, and smiling genuinely, a baby dragon in my arms. I saw myself handing him a sword, its hilt glinting gold in the sunlight, and its blade emanating a dark glow as he took it from me.
I shut my eyes, pressing my palms to my eyes. This is not me, I repeated. This is not me.
Suddenly, everything went still. The visions fled and I slowly opened my eyes to the scene before me.
The Dark Mages were closing in on the Royal Guards, several of whom were lying on the ground, unmoving. My eyes sought Selenah and the Shadow Reaper. I felt a pulse resonate in my chest, and an instinct told me to look upwards.
There I could see the Selenah, a bright spot in the blue sky, and the Shadow Reaper, a dark haze.
Pulling my attention away from them, I turned back to Owen, still trapped in the black sphere.
I ran towards him, retaking the sword I dropped and steadying it in both hands. Taking a deep breath, I swung it at the black sphere and it shattered like glass. Owen looked relieved and hugged me tightly.
 
“You must leave, Melanie. I did not know the Shadow Reaper…” He paused, rubbing his thumb over my cheek. “Please, you may get hurt.” I was about to protest, but Owen had a stern expression on his face. I sighed in defeat, looking away. “Thank you.” He kissed my forehead before running into battle.
I flexed the sword in my hand, hesitated just the slightest, and then took off behind him. I was not going to let my chance at re-writing history slip.
One of the Dark Mages came at me, his sword ready for a final blow. I jumped out of the way before it could touch me, but the blade cut into my riding jacket, the left side tearing.
I swung at him, but he dodged more easily than I did. We circled each other for a moment, eyeing our possibilities. Anger rushed through me, the memory of what the Dark Mages had done to me they had captured me resurfacing.
Running at him, our blades clashed for a while; for those moments I was on the offensive, hacking at him with a fury I did not know existed.
But my luck ran short when my strength faltered, and he knocked my sword out of my hand. It flew some feet away and it set me off balance. I turned and crawled to it, expecting to feel the Dark Mage’s sword pierce through me, but it did not.
There was a grunt, and I turned around to see Owen pull his sword out of the Dark Mage’s chest, who disappeared once it was extracted.
“Thank you,” I said, breathlessly, grabbing my sword.
“What are you doing here?” he whispered harshly. “I told you to leave!”
He was either too irate or too worried to hear the Dark Mage coming towards him and I knew it would be too late to warn him. I threw the sword in my hand like a dagger behind him. It came in contact with the Dark Mage’s shoulder and he fell back, vanishing into the air.
“Melanie, please, you need to go,” Owen pleaded. “Now.”
“No ‘thank you’ for saving your life?” I asked. Owen let out a grunt and I took a step back. “Fine, I will go.” I turned to leave.
Just as I did so, I heard a loud crunch behind me. I looked back and saw the Dragon up on its hind legs, its long neck snaking its way towards Owen.
He slashed at it, perhaps to buy me time to run, but I could not. The mere sight of the Dragon so close to me paralyzed my muscles. 
The Dragon snapped at him, its dagger-like teeth shattering the blade of the sword. It bit into his leg, raising him into the air. Owen cried out in pain. 
Mustering my courage, I grabbed my sword off the ground, where the Dark Mage had once been, and plunged the sword into the foot of the Dragon. 
It released Owen from its jaws and stared down at me with hateful eyes. I removed the sword from its foot and slowly took a step back, the blade dripping with black blood, staining the grass.
“Run,” Owen whispered. “Run, Melanie!”
Without a second’s hesitation, I obeyed and blindly ran as fast as my feet could carry me.
As I made it out of the forest, a shadow flew across above me. I stopped mid-run, catching my breath. The Dragon swooped down and gazed at me with blazing green eyes. My heart raced as I took in its massive size.
Suddenly, I felt a pulse run through my chest, and I looked up at the sky. The black speck that was the Shadow Reaper and the gold one that was Selenah clashed, causing the vibration.
Just then, the two clashed once more. They stayed airborne for mere seconds before falling out of the sky. The ground shook and I looked back at the Dragon. It had lost its footing and its head lay at my feet. It stared mournfully at the bloody sword in my hand, as if begging for mercy.
Odd memories of a different past resurfaced in its eyes, my head beginning to pound once more. I fell to my knees, the sword clattering on the ground beside me. I could not bring myself to slay it.
~~~
The bow and arrow Father had given me morphed into a golden sword, catching me by surprise. I flexed it with poise and flew towards the Shadow Reaper with renewed vigor. I would end this. Now. He flew straight for me, and our blades met, hissing, sending a pulse into the air.
We stared at each other mercilessly, before flying back. I immediately sensed the Shadow Reaper’s magic level drop from having to keep himself airborne. I, however, was not at all fazed by the use of so much magic. So why did it affect him?
 
We flew at each other once more, as I spoke the words to cause the sword in hand to be immersed in flames. It went straight through the Shadow Reaper’s chest with ease.
He gave a small gasp as my sword burst with a black flame, but impaled his sword into my abdomen.
The sudden pain made a cry of surprise escape my lips, realizing the sword in his hand was not an ordinary sword. It was Mel’s. We stared at each other for passing moments before falling, the sudden shock of it all fleeing and the growing pain in my abdomen overtaking my senses.
The wind roared in my ears, but it was not the only thing I heard. Whispers from the Shadow Reaper floated in the air as our bodies made contact with the ground below us, a low whimper escaping my lips.
“I killed him,” I muttered as the world darkened and pain began to seize my body.  I had to. “I killed him…”
~~~
There was a loud crash as I imagined Selenah and the Shadow Reaper falling to the ground.
The Dragon suddenly stood up on its hind legs and I cringed, expecting it to burn me to cinders.
Instead, it let out a shrill cry, full of pain and agony. Its tail swished back and forth, smashing into the King’s Castle behind it. It clutched its heart and let out another cry full of torment.
I covered my ears at the Dragon’s cries, for some reason feeling its pain in my chest, and it was too much to bear.
Abruptly, it stopped and its scales took the color of grit. I stared at it, and realized it had turned to stone. Without warning, it crumbled.
I covered my eyes from the shower of rocks and debris and looked up. All that was left of the dragon was a pile of dust. I gawked at the sight of it. Such a massive creature…reduced to nothing.
I gasped, now feeling as if something had seared my chest. My vision blurred from the pain as I leaned over, saliva dripping from my mouth. The burning sensation only lasted moments before a group of men on horseback came rushing past me, the dust of the dragon scattering.
They wore the kingdom’s coat of arms on their armor: The King’s Guard. Following them were a group of guards who had the emblem of the Solstice Palace on their armor.
I lay there in shock, and then realized that if the Dragon were now dead, would the Shadow Reaper not be dead as well?
“Melanie!” 
I turned and saw Owen helping Tiran walk out of the forest. Two black-shafted arrows pierced his leg and side. I rushed over and helped to support him. Owen limped on his bad leg, but was still able to walk.
“Mel,” Tiran whispered. He coughed. Hearing him in such pain nearly made my eyes prick with tears. “My family…”
“Do not worry,” I said, trying to find some way to keep his mind at ease. “Just rest and everything will be taken care of.”
 
We laid him and all the other wounded Royal Guards down at the Throne Room that was now devoid of Dark Mages. He lost consciousness moments after we had set him down.
“Where is Selenah?” I asked, looking about the wounded to see if she was one of them. Owen sighed, wiping sweat off his brow.
“She was taken away by the King’s Guard. She was badly injured. I believe she was struck in the abdomen by your– the Shadow Reaper’s sword.” His last words echoed in my head. The sword was mine, but it was also the Shadow Reaper’s. I shuddered. “She will be fine, Melanie. I promise you.” He stood up from Tiran’s side and limped over towards me.
“Your leg…” I said, forcing him to sit.
“I am fine,” but I ignored him and tore the bottom of his trousers, letting out a gasp. The bite marks oozed out dark blood. It was far worse than I thought. I lightly touched the wound and he sucked in breath.
“Sorry,” I said wincing. “I will have a nurse look at it.” I waved over one of the few nurses that must have arrived with the arrival of the King’s Guard. Owen caught my arm.
“Do not leave,” he said as the nurse walked over. I noticed how much this hurt him and I felt my throat close up.
“I have to,” I choked out. The pain in Owen’s eyes was evident, and it hurt to leave him, but I owed it to Tiran that I would contact his family. It was the least I could do for him. Owen nodded and handed me his sword. I took it and left the King’s Castle with a guilty heart.
chapter tenty: a call to home


It occurred to me that I had no idea where Tiran’s family lived, but I went anyway, as if something was guiding me there. It made me wonder if Tiran was using his magic, even in his current state.
As I walked the roads, I saw many homes still ablaze or that had been doused. It made me sick to think that the poor dying dragon, which despite biting Owen’s leg, and had begged for mercy was the same creature that could have done all this.
I came across a fairly large cottage that glowed faintly tat my arrival. This had to be Tiran’s house. It was made of brick and stone, and somehow undamaged by the fires. I took a shaky breath and knocked on the door.
A little boy that looked the age of seven with golden brown hair opened it with a smile. He looked exactly like his father and I forced a smile at the sight of him.
“Hello child, where is your mother?” I asked.
“My Mama’s making Papa’s favorite soup for when he comes back from fighting evil people,” the boy said. I could not help but grin.
“Dillon! Who is at the door?” A woman, with auburn hair and a fair complexion, who looked in her late thirties walked over behind the boy. I bowed my head.
“Good day, Madam. I am Mel–”
“Melanie, my dear! Do come in,” the woman said happily. I walked in dazed that she knew me as Dillon closed the door behind me. “Come to the kitchen, dear.” I followed her from the large and cozy living room into the messy kitchen. “I am sorry it is such a mess, dear. My name is Reya, I am Tiran’s wife. Please, have a seat.”
“Thank you,” I said, sitting down. “Pardon me, but may I ask how you know my name?”
Reya smiled. “My Tiran is always speaking of the young duchess and what a fine lass she is. I can see now that he was right.” I blushed. Dillon scampered into the room.
“Mama, is she Duchess Mel?”
“She is,” Reya said with a laugh.
Dillon turned to me.
“Truly? I thought she would be taller. Papa did say she was fierce and was not afraid of anything!”
The boy then examined me as if I were an object that had some sort of fault. But hearing him speak of Tiran, made me lower my head as I remembered why I had come.
“Melanie, dear, you did not come all this way to have a friendly chat, did you?” Her voice made me tear up.
“No, I have not. But Tiran is alive,” I said. Reya sighed in relief. “He is injured, and I thought that it would be best to let you know.”
“Thank you,” she whispered. “How bad is it?”
“An arrow to his side and leg,” Reya stopped her cooking for a moment, and then resumed. There was a long pause. “Tiran told me he had five sons,” I said, trying to lighten up the mood. Dillon began playing with the sword Owen gave me. I unclasped it from my belt and let him hold it, although it was quite heavy for him.
“He does. The boys are out back in the yard, practicing swordplay.”
“And Dillon cannot join them?” Reya shook her head.
“He is like his father. He would rather be indoors with his mother than outside battling to the death.” Dillon smiled in my direction and ran out of kitchen, the sword dragging on the ground behind him. Reya watched him go. “He must want to show off to his older brothers. They practice with wooden swords. I think it best you follow him, dear. Watch him for me?”
“All right.” I followed Dillon out to the garden. Dillon saw me going after him and decided to run faster, which made me stumble after him since I was worried he would trip. Dillon giggled and called for his brothers’ help.
“Eryk! Silas! Tristan! Radley!” he yelled as he ran out into the yard.
“Dillon!” the four chorused. I stopped mid-run. The four boys looked exactly alike and all the same age, which I imagined to be my age or slightly older. Dillon ran behind the four of them and giggled, still holding my sword in his hands.
“Oh, I am Melanie,” I did a quick curtsy to the four, although it was more a bow since I still wore leather breeches and jacket. The four bowed like gentlemen.
“She is Duchess Mel!” Dillon exclaimed. “I have her sword, too!” He showed his older brothers the sword still sheathed.
“Indeed she is.” one of them gently took the sword from Dillon and handed it over to me. “I think this belongs to you.”
I took the sword, reattached it to my belt and gawked at them. I had never seen four so alike. They all had their mother’s light skin, a contrast to Dillon’s darker skin. When I noticed they were uncomfortable, I blushed.
“Sorry,” I said looked away. “What are your names?” I asked politely.
“I am Eryk, and the first of four.” The one who had given me the sword said with a hint of pride in his voice.
“I am Silas, the next eldest.” I noticed Silas’s eye color was not brown like his other brothers. They were gray like his mother’s.
“I am Tristan, the third born.” Tristan seemed to like the color gold, since he was the only one wearing the color and also had a gold armband.
“And I am Radley, the youngest.” Despite the fact that the four were identical, Radley was slightly shorter.
“No, I am! I am Dillon and I am seven!” I smiled at him, and he grinned, and then raced over to my side. “Duchess Mel, are you hurt?” He pointed at the cut in my jacket. My face heated.
“Oh…no, I am not hurt. I was attacked by a Dark Mage.” Dillon’s eyes widened. “It is all right. The Dark Mages are gone now. The Shadow Reaper was defeated.”
“Was our father at the battle, Melanie?” His gray eyes told me it was Silas.
 	“Yes. He was wounded, but he will be fine.”
“I wish he allowed us to fight,” I took the sight of the gold armband: Tristan. “We are seventeen. We could have helped.” 
“Your Father risked his life there. I do not believe that he would want you to do the same.”
“But a mere girl like you were there! Surely, father knew that,” Tristan said, the jealousy clear in his voice.
“She is no mere girl, big brother. She is Duchess Mel!” Dillon exclaimed, making me smile at his defense for me.
“Boys, supper is ready! Wash up before you sit at the table! And Melanie, dear, please join us,” Reya said from the doorway.
Dillon grabbed my hand and ran towards the kitchen. When we entered, the table was already set up. 
“Mama, look! Duchess Mel was attacked by an evil man!” He pointed to the tear in my riding jacket.
“Oh, my. Let us have you changed into something, hmm?”
“Oh no, I cannot. I would not want to burden you any further,” I protested as Reya pushed me towards another room.
“Nonsense, dear.” She had me change into a purple dress, which was pretty enough, but Reya was much taller than I and much bigger in build. To accommodate this, she had to tighten the strings of the corset, but the hem of the dress pooled at my feet.
 	“This is not necessary, Reya.” I pleaded.
“My dear Melanie, do not fret. This is but a pleasure,” she said with a smile. “If only Tiran were here to see you. It would have made him so happy.”
I felt much at home talking, eating, and laughing with Tiran’s family. It was a nice change from the formal meals I was used to. I adored Dillon especially. He was so much like Tiran.
But inside, I felt as if I were doing something wrong, spending careless moments with Tiran’s family when more things were at stake. Yet I could not bring myself to leave, not when Reya and her sons seemed to need something to keep their minds off their hurt father.
chapter twenty-one: the battle of life


As time passed, I found myself rocking Dillon to sleep. Reya was busy with her sewing, which I still detested, and the four boys were all in a heated discussion on who inherited their father’s magical ability.
“Being the eldest, sooner or later you will see me in the Royal Guard with Father,” Eryk said.
“If anyone, Dillon would have magic,” I said to myself, watching his sleeping face. He turned in his sleep, his grip on my sleeve tightening.
“How so?”
The four were waiting for me to answer. I had not realized that I had spoken aloud.
“Oh…well I can see it in his face. I can tell he is the one that has it. I am sure of it.” The four of them grumbled in disagreement.
Melanie.
I looked around. “Did someone call for me?” The four shook their heads, as did Reya.
Melanie. 
Melanie.
 	I stood up, unable to control myself. 
Reya put down her needle and thread. “What is it, Melanie?”
Melanie.
“Someone is calling my name,” I whispered. “Take Dillon. I am going back to the King’s Castle.” 
As I tried to hand over Dillon, he tightened his hold on me, as if refusing to leave me. It was a wonder, for he was still asleep.
“At this time of night? You cannot go alone,” Reya said. “Eryk, take her and Dillon.” Eryk nodded. “Keep him safe.”
“Mother, I would like to go see Father as well!” Silas, Tristan, and Radley chorused. Reya rolled her eyes.
“No, I cannot have you all there, storming the King’s Castle. Eryk is to take her there, and Radley can lead the carriage. Come back safely.” Silas and Tristan muttered to themselves, but remained seated as Eryk and Radley stood up.
Careful not to wake Dillon, I held on to him tightly, one arm around him and the other to pick up the excess cloth that pooled at my feet. Radley took seat as the coachman, and Eryk came in after me. Reya waved goodbye and the horses took off.
Melanie!
I shut my eyes for a second, praying that whatever was calling me could wait. The voice sounded distressed.
“Dillon seems to like you,” Eryk said as he sat down beside me. “Only Mother can put him to bed.”
I opened my eyes and smiled down at Dillon. He looked so peaceful in his sleep, but there was something about the way he was gripping my sleeve, as if he were holding onto his life desperately.
Hurry, Mel!
I shut my eyes. The voice had gotten much louder.
“Is something wrong?” Eryk asked, studying my face. I shook my head. We sat in silence for some time, until the carriage began to slow.
“We have arrived!” Radley announced.
Eryk stepped off and held out a hand. I put my hand in his and held on tightly so I would not drop Dillon or trip over my own feet.
Come now, Mel, to the Throne Room.
I did as the voice told me, rushing into the castle grounds as fast as I could with Dillon in my arms. As I raced in, I was surprised to see that there were no guards to stop or question us.
Once we reached the Throne Room, many were still being treated for their wounds. Seeing a gathering of nurses by where Tiran was, I quickened my pace.
“Mel…Dillon?” Tiran was sitting upright, his abdomen and leg tight with bandages. I put Dillon down beside him and the boy complied. Tiran’s eyes watered at the sight of his sons and he kissed Dillon’s head. “Thank you, Mel…but I did not call you here for me,” I cocked my head to the side, confused. “The Archduke…”
 
I turned to Owen, and saw he was the reason why the nurses had gathered. They parted as I approached, slowly at first, denying the thought that I could lose Owen. 
When it finally occurred to me that he was dying, I rushed to his side, taking his hand in mine, my heart beginning to race. The feeling of losing him felt all too familiar.
“Owen?” 
His eyelids fluttered open. “Melanie…” his voice was hoarse. Seeing me, he forced himself in an upright position.
“Shhh.” I told him, helping him up. “You are going to be–”
“No, Melanie, I do not think I will make it,” he whispered. I brought his hand to my cheek.
“Do not say that,” I said. “You are going to be fine.” He shook his head slightly. “Please, Owen, do not give up,”
He took my hand to his lips and kissed it, then pulled me close and took a shuddering breath.
“I love you, Melanie. I always have,” My eyes watered and my heart felt like it would fly out of my chest hearing those words. They sounded so true, so sincere. But...was his confession just out of desperation?
“I love you, too.” The words were spoken before I realized it. Owen gave a pained smile then cringed, a hand to his leg.
“Mistress, it is best if he lies down,” one of the nurses told me.
He settled down with his head in my lap. Just looking at him in pain was breaking my heart. Where was Selenah? I thought. Where was the vial of liquid that had saved him before? Surely Selenah would have recovered from her injuries and have it sent any minute.
Owen looked up at me and gave me the faintest of smiles. I leaned down and kissed him. I felt his body relax and his breathing slow. “Melanie…promise you will not…forget me…”
“You cannot go, please,” I whispered, brushing hair away from his face, feeling helpless. “Do not go, Owen.”
He winced, grabbing a hold of his leg before he looked up at me, his eyes bright as he saw the tears stream down my face.
“I want to see you happy,” he whispered. “Please.” I smiled through my tears for his sake. He smiled back. “Stay with me,” he mumbled, closing his eyes. “Promise me you will be here when I wake up…”
“I promise, Owen.”
For a moment, I thought he left me. But I saw his chest rise and fall in a slow, rhythmic pattern and sighed in relief. I looked at his leg wound, and cursed the Dragon, although dead, for doing this to him.
One of the nurses came by and asked if he had passed away. I shook my head, and she smiled a bright, kind smile that made me do the same. The nurse inquired about his health and said a physician would be there soon to check on him. Hearing that, I wanted to cry with happiness. Owen would be all right.
chapter twenty-two: brutality of war


I was barely awake myself, teetering from consciousness and sleep when Owen stirred. It brought me to full alert when I saw that he was waking up.
“Melanie…”
“Right here,” I said, blinking furiously to beat the tiredness out of my eyes. I absently brushed a stand of hair away from his face.
“Mistress, I shall take it from here,” I heard someone say. I looked up and saw a physician flanked by two nurses. “Rest. It is the best you can do for him now."
Carefully, they placed him onto a futon bedding to move him onto a real bed. The other two nurses sent me to a chamber where they undressed me and let me sleep. The comfort felt unrealistic as my tight muscles relaxed after a night’s vigilance.
I awoke some hours later. The sun had not fully reached its zenith when I was dressed and sent to Owen’s chamber. By the encouraging look of the nurse, I hoped that he was doing all right.
He was asleep when I entered. His breathing seemed normal, with occasional gasps for air. His skin was pale as I sat down beside him. I leaned over to wipe his brow. He stirred, but did not wake.
“Please, Owen,” I whispered. “Get better.”
The two nurses constantly checked up on me, had me fed, and said they would send for my maids once things calmed down a bit. I was very grateful for them.
By evening, Owen began to stir. My heart throbbed in anticipation as he opened his eyes. He blinked several times before he saw me. When he smiled up at me, it warmed my heart.
“How do you feel?” I asked.
“All right,” he mumbled.
“Here, drink some water,” I said, putting the glass of water to his lips and carefully letting it fall into his mouth. “Are you hungry?”
He shook his head and stared up at the ceiling. “How is everyone else? How are…Tiran and his family?”
“They are well,” I said. “We still have not gotten word from Selenah or the Prince, or of the King’s situation.” There was silence. He took my hand and held onto it tightly.
“I love you,” he whispered, just as he did the night before. For what reason? To tell me that last night’s confession was true? I leaned down and rested my forehead on his. He closed his eyes just as I did.
“Do not leave me, Owen.” He did not reply. I sat up and stood up to leave when his hand grabbed mine.
“Melanie, promise you will not leave my side,” he finally said. His voice sounded strained, as if he were under some heavy weight. Hearing him, I sat back down. Did he fear that I would leave him again? I thought, feeling guilty of my past actions.
“I promise.” Someone knocked on the door. “You can come in.”
The door opened and Tiran walked in, and surprisingly, Dillon followed with him. Tiran had a wooden crutch that helped him to walk in slowly, but Dillon raced over once the door was open.
“Duchess Mel!” he exclaimed, hopping into my lap. He must not have known Owen was injured, because he gaped at the sight of Owen lying in the bed.
“This is Dillon, Tiran’s son,” I said to Owen. “And this is the Archduke.” I told Dillon.
“It is nice to meet you, Sir Archduke,” Dillon said, outstretching a hand like a gentlemen.
Owen smiled, released my hand and shook Dillon’s. “Same here,” he replied. Tiran stood off, watching.
“Tiran, you should be sitting down. You should not strain your leg so soon.” I advised, looking at his bandaged leg.
“Papa is strong. He can stand and walk just fine,” Dillon said defensively.
“I am sure he is, Dillon,” I looked at Tiran sternly and he turned a desk chair around so he could sit.
“Dillon, give her what her sister gave us,” Tiran said slowly. I looked at him. Selenah had come? Did she bring the liquid to heal Owen?
Dillon took out a silver chain from his the pocket of his breeches. It was a necklace. My heart plummeted. The necklace had a diamond bird on it, ready to take flight. I took the chain and clasped it on. It felt cold against my bare skin.
“Why did she give this?” I asked, looking up at Tiran.
“Just said she wanted you to have it.” Dillon began playing with the necklace, moving the bird to and fro on the chain.
“When did she come? Was she hurt?”
“Just now, but she did not come in person,” Tiran began. “So I could not tell whether or not if she was hurt. She gave the pendant to Dillon and left.” He frowned at his words. I wanted to scream in frustration. She would give me a trinket, yet Owen was dying and she could not think to give him the cure?
There was a slight pause. Taking this time to learn more of what was going on, I exhaled slowly before speaking.
“What happened…when Selenah killed the Shadow Reaper?”
Tiran hesitated before answering.
“The King’s Guard took her away, but we did not know what to do with the Shadow Reaper. His chest was severely…wounded,” he said, remembering Dillon was still in the room. “He was saying something, but none of us dared to listen. We left him where he fell.”
“So you assumed he was dead?”
“It was all your sister kept saying. ‘I killed him.’”
Dillon yawned loudly. Tiran shook his head and slowly rose to his feet. “It is getting late. We must be off,” Tiran said, rising to his feet slowly.
“I don wanna go,” Dillon complained, although it was clear he was tired. “I wanna to stay with Duchess Mel!” He hugged me tight, as if trying to show he meant it.
“Listen to your father, Dillon,” I said softly. “I am sure your mother is home waiting for you.” Dillon looked conflicted. “Go,” I told him, kissing his forehead.
“Okay,” he said and trudged alongside his father, who smiled as he walked out.
“Come visit sometime, will you Mel? Dillon would appreciate it, I am sure,” Tiran said as he hobbled towards the door. I nodded, grinning.
“Of course.”
Tiran smiled and left. I turned back to face Owen, who I realized was watching me the entire time. A blush crept up my cheeks as he smiled at me.
“I can see how much Dillon adores you.”
“I suppose he does,” I said sheepishly.
A nurse came in, holding a tray of food in her hands. She left it on the desk by the bed and nodded at me before leaving.
Owen sat upright, cringing as he moved his left leg.
We ate our supper silently. It was nothing fancy; just bread and some warm soup. But the food brought color to his cheeks, which I took as a good sign.
The physician stopped by a bit later to check on him and re-bandaged his leg.
 
I stood off to a side, hoping the physician would say Owen would be fine in a month’s time. But he did not. Instead, he called nurses for his medical supplies and questioned Owen about his leg.
“Does it hurt at all?” the physician asked. 
“Not all the time.”
“Does it bleed when it is moved?”
“No.”
The physician frowned. “All right then. I have done what I could for your leg. The best you can do now is rest and wait. Do not put any type of strain upon it.”
From there, he picked up his supplies and left, the nurses following. I yawned, looking out the curtained window, seeing the violet colored sky blinking with hundreds of stars. I turned away, thankful for the empty, bird-less sky.
“Good night Owen,” I said, kissing his forehead and turning to leave. He caught my arm.
“Do not leave me.”
“I am just going to be in the chamber next to yours,” I said, trying to calm the wild, almost frightened, look in his eyes. He refused to let go of my arm. “Then where would I sleep?” I asked, giving in. “I cannot sleep on a chair, nor is there another bed for me to sleep in.”
“We can sleep like we did the night the bandits kidnapped us,” he ventured. I felt my cheeks burn. But he was tied up against a tree then, and now…I could not finish the thought.
“Owen,” I started.
“Please,” he whispered. “I cannot stand to be parted from you.”
My heart thumped wildly as he pulled me closer. He shifted over to let me slip in next to him, and I realized the bed was large enough for the both of us to sleep without touching each other. The thought calmed my racing nerves.
I was not used to sleeping in anything but a nightgown, but the dress I wore was not fancy, nor was it elaborate like my other dresses, so it was not nearly as uncomfortable.
I turned to sleep to my right, a custom I had learned as a child to ward off nightmares, although it had not warded off the Shadow Reaper’s. In doing so, I faced Owen. He stared into my eyes.
“Rest Owen,” I told him, putting a hand on his cheek. “You will need it.” He pulled me into a sudden embrace.
“Not as much as I need you,” he whispered into my ear. I pressed my face to his neck, breathing in his scent, and closed my eyes. Everything would be okay.
chapter twenty-three: angel of sorrow


I awoke; my mind sharp from a well night of rest. Owen’s arm was draped over my waist and I could feel the heat from his body that was close to mine. I took a deep breath and pushed myself up, trying not to wake him. He seemed at rest, his breathing steady. I leaned down and kissed his brow. He shifted in his sleep, but did not rouse.
I began pacing, unsure of whether to leave him to go fetch the nurses or wait. No sooner had I awoken, a nurse slowly opened the door, as if she were intruding in a forbidden area. When she saw me up and walking, she smiled shyly and entered. She dressed me into something finer– a silken dress the color of the moon, lightly decorated with assorted jewels.
Every few seconds she looked back, perhaps fearing Owen’s wake, but he did not stir. She came back with breakfast, but arranged my hair elaborately before doing so. I looked at her quizzically.
“His Majesty and his brother, Lord of Herington, are coming by to visit,” she told me. I inquired for more. “I am not exactly sure why they are here, Mistress, but it must have something to do with the next heir.” She was hesitant. “The physician will be present with them, but no one else.”
“When are they to come?” I asked.
“They are on their way as we speak, Mistress.”
I nodded at her, understanding, but I feared that Owen would wake up to see his father and uncle, and I would be nowhere to be found. He would think I left him, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I looked fearfully over my shoulder as the nurse motioned for me to leave.
Some time after we had settled down, the King’s Men entered, His Majesty and his brother following after. King Liason honored his wounded men, shaking their hands and thanking them for their bravery. He promised a royal burial for the few casualties.
Beside him, his brother surveyed the men with an anxious look on his face, perhaps looking for his son.
The physician bowed to the two and motioned them towards the chamber where Owen slept. We watched from afar as they entered the chamber, somber and quiet. 
To pass the time, the nurse told me of the current status of the kingdom that she had overheard from the King’s Men.
“Many villages were pillaged by the Dark Mages,” she said, “just as mine was. They destroyed crops and killed cattle. His Majesty, the King, hardly acknowledges it. The kingdom reaches far into the North, towards the cold mountains, and is much too remote for any help to get through.”
“Had the Royal Guards not seen to the attacks?” I asked. Of all, only the Royal Guards could perform such long-distant aid.
“No,” she said it almost bitterly. “The dragons had them occupied. Knocked down homes and scare the townsfolk, they did, but only a decoy to the real damage.”
“I am so sorry,” I whispered.
She lifted her chin a little higher and scorned.
“All the nobles think they have it tough, losing their precious King’s Castle and unable to see the next heir born, but it will be those farmers and laborers who have suffered under the King’s rule.”
“Unable to see the next heir?” I echoed.
“Oh yes.” Her eyes suddenly filled with malice. “Her Ladyship’s wounds took her capability to have a child.” I swallowed. Surely it was a jest, but the more I saw the look on her face, the more I believed her words. “Of course,” she continued. “Tis why the King must have come visit his precious nephew…” Seeing my worried look, she quickly went on to say, “I mean you no disrespect, Mistress, when I mentioned how the nobles–”
“It is all right,” I assured her. “I was once like you, I’m sure you know. A commoner, now Duchess.” 
“The boy was daft to think he could go to battle,” a voice said, cutting through our conversation. It was the King who had spoken. “I had ordered him well enough not to.”
“I do not know what drove my boy to do such a rash thing,” the Lord of Herington said. “Surely, I had thought he had chosen a bride and run off with her when he fled.”
The two chuckled, walking out of earshot.
The physician strode among them, but appeared invisible to the two. He frowned at their words, his brow furrowing in deep thought. I wondered why. Perhaps he had not told them something?
The nurse motioned me forward, interrupting my thoughts, to hurry into Owen’s chamber.
When I opened the door, Owen’s eyes immediately went to me, and he gave a small grin. I saw the doubt in his smile; perhaps he thought I had left willingly, as if I had forgotten my promise to him.
He was sitting upright, pillows fluffed together to support his back. I felt guilty, although I knew I had no reason to be.
“Are you hungry?” I asked. He shook his head. Curiosity overcame my initial guilt, and I sat down beside him. “Did the physician say how long it would take for your leg to heal?”
“No,” he said.
Silence followed.
“Owen, are you upset with me?” I whispered, feeling hurt by his silence. He must have seen my forlorn expression, for he quickly pulled me into an embrace.
“No, I could never be upset with you,” he said, stroking my hair. “I was…afraid when I awoke and did not see you at my side. I thought you had…” He stopped, a hand gripping his bandaged leg. Fear welled up inside me.
“Owen, are you all right? Shall I call the physician?” I asked quickly, getting up. He pulled me down, shaking his head.
“It was nothing. Just a slight ache.”
“Oh.” I looked over at him, remembering the nurse’s words. “What did the King speak to you about?”
“Nothing important,” he said before looking away. “He inquired about my health, nothing more.” I felt that he was hiding something, but I did not want to press him.
The room felt warm and stuffy, and was quite uncomfortable on a summer’s day. I stood up and opened the window slightly, letting a breeze of cool, moist air waft in. The smell in the air was familiar, almost nostalgic.
“It is going to rain soon,” I murmured. The sky was clouded, grey masses that enveloped the morning’s light. I heard Owen gasp, and quickly turned to look at him. He gripped his leg tightly, pain written across his features. I rushed to his side. “Owen? Shall I get the physician?”
He made a strangled noise, perhaps in effort to stop himself from screaming in pain. I turned away, ready to dash out and get the physician. “No,” he said hoarsely, pulling me back. “Do not…”
“Why?” I whispered, my heart pulsing in my ears. “He will stop the pain.”
“Listen to me first.” He took my hands in his, holding onto them with an iron grip. “Melanie, ever since the King told me to wed, all I could do was think about you.” I furrowed my brows, unable to believe his words. “I imagined us...us as a family.” He gave me a half smile, making my heart race. “I thought–” He flinched at the pain in his leg. “I thought we could be together, with our son as the next king...”His words stirred something in me, something far beyond my reach. 
His chest barely rose with every labored breath. I felt my own breath leave me at his confession.
His chest suddenly stopped moving and I could no longer hear his laborious breathing. His eyes were shut closed. 
“Owen…?” There was no response. I looked down at his lifeless face and cried out in sobs. “Owen!” I screamed, gripping onto his shirt, and crying into his still chest.
The patter of droplets from the window turned quickly into a thunderous waterfall, almost drowning out my own cries. 
I heard the sound of someone approaching, but did not take notice. I rested my cheek against his chest, willing to hear his heart beat just one more time.    
“Mel!” I someone by the doorway exclaimed. I looked up and saw Selenah, her hair wet just as it was when we had first run away from home to escape the Dark Mages. She walked forward, her eyes taking in the sight in front of her. “Oh, Mel,” she breathed.
It finally occurred to me that Selenah was here, maybe to give the vial that had saved Owen before, but it was too late. He was dead.
“Why did you not save him?” I screamed at her, tears streaming down my face. “Why could you not saved him just as you did before?” she stepped back in shock. This was her fault. This is all her fault. He is dead because of her.     
She put a hand to her mouth, her eyes wide in shock. There was no remorse, no sorrow, all the pain I felt now had burned into anger towards her.
“Mel…I…” she flustered, unable to find the words to tell me otherwise. 
“Leave me!” I screamed. “This is your fault!” She stood her ground, but swayed, as if she would fall over from fatigue any second. 
I did not move to help her. I turned back to Owen, forgetting my anger for a moment to stare into his lifeless face that had once lived, once breathed.
“Owen, why did you leave me?” I whispered, curling up against him, the tears falling steadily as the rain outside did. I buried my face into his neck, wishing he were alive to tell me to smile, to be happy.








































chapter twenty-four: long gone


Several people barged into the room as I sobbed, feeling as though my heart had been ripped from my chest.
“What?” the strangled noise came from the Lord of Herington. He stepped forward, then back, as if he could walk away and things would be as they had been just as he had left it.
“Selenah, what is the meaning of this?” the King’s voice roared. I could barely see the others through my tear-filled eyes. Was that…Prince Gareth beside the King?
“He is dead,” she whispered. The King turned on her, and I heard a whimper escape the Lord of Herington’s lips as he steadied himself.
“This cannot be!” The King spat. “The physician told us he was well! He spoke to us moments before!”
Selenah looked down at her feet, guilt evident on her face.
“I foresaw his death…only; I thought it would be much later…” her voice was barely above a whisper. The King’s eyes bulged, shaking his head in disbelief. “I was too late,” she met my gaze and held it. “I am truly sorry, Mel.” The King turned to face me, a questionable look in his eye.
“Someone tell me what a mere girl is doing by my nephew?” the King’s voice was cold. Had I could feel any more pain than I did now; I would surely would have killed myself. Did he not remember the Selenah’s Maid? I thought bitterly. I willed Selenah to clarify, to make the King realize who I was, but it was Prince Gareth who did.
“Father,” he said gently. “This is Duchess Melanie of the Solstice Palace. She is Selenah’s sister.” The King’s face reddened the slightest bit, and I took joy in watching it. He had finally realized I was far more than he thought me to be. “And…she must have been Owen’s reason not to wed the other nobles.” He said it so casually, I myself would have believed it, but the King scoffed.
“Was she, now?” he barked. “The lass does not look like any of the others,” He retorted. “Not his type.” I was sure the words were meant to hurt, but I did not feel it. Would it matter? I wanted to yell at him. Would it matter now that he is dead?
In the corner, the Lord of Herington watched and waited and whimpered some more. Grief was written all over his face, and the words being spoken now, I barely thought it crossed his mind.
“Selenah, please, bring him back,” I said softly.
“I cannot.” The two words were a heavy blow. It felt as if I had been winded, unable to breath.
“My poor boy,” the Lord’s voice broke the silence. “To have spent his last with a mere duchess, when he could be alive and well in Porticor with one of its beautiful princesses as his wife.”
I flinched at his words, because he spoke the truth. If Owen had never gone after me, and left for Porticor, he would be on the sunny shores of Porticor, alive. His words crushed the last of my hope to dust; his eyes full of anger and regret for not have forced his son to wed sooner.
The rain continued, though not as much as before. My cries, too, were thinning from sobs to trickling tears. In all this confusion and chaos, I knew I had to tell them what his last words were. Everyone was lost in thought, when I mustered the strength to speak.
“Owen–”
“How dare you familiarize with my son?” the Lord accused. I swallowed. “You leave me and my son, now.” The Lord demanded.
Selenah walked towards me, and gently pulled me to my feet. I hid my face in her shoulder, unable to look at the Lord of Herington; his face and body contorted with anger. “Send word for the Lady of Herington,” he barked at us before we left.
“Why did you not tell me…that you and Owen were…?” Selenah asked as she sat me down in another chamber.
“Why should I? Must I tell you my entire life?” I could not help but feel angry at her words. She had no right to know. “You knew he would die,” I continued, the words feeling strange in my mouth. “Yet you told no one. Why is that?”
“I…” she paused. “I saw him in bed,” her cheeks flamed. “With someone, but I could not tell who,” she said. “Of course, I thought he would not…wed until news of his chosen bride arose, so I believed I should give him the time to live without worry until it was absolutely necessary. Then...” she stopped, eyes cast to the ground. “I saw that hooded man, Death maybe, slitting Owen’s throat.” I shuddered.  
“Is that how you saw Mother and Father die? By Death killing them?” She gave a small nod. My mouth went dry at the memories of their bodies…or what was left of them. But I could not bring myself to tell her. “Selenah…”
“What is it?”
“Will you and Prince Gareth still wed? Now that Owen is…” I took a deep breath. “Now that he is gone,” I finished slowly.  
Selenah looked taken aback, but recovered. She looked away, past me, past this world.
“Maybe,” she said. “I do not know for sure how strong Gareth’s love is for me,” she choked out the words, tears glistening in her eyes. “He will give in to his father, I know he will. And I will only be a past love.” It hurt to see her like this. I swallowed hard.
“At least the Shadow Reaper is dead.”
“In exchange for my heart,” she whispered, turning to look at me. “No longer will I be at Gareth’s side, nor will I be able to bear children. What prince would want a broken girl as his wife? What kingdom would want a scarred queen?” My eyes watered hearing her speak, her voice filled with pain, a kind of pain that I had never felt. “Melanie, you lost Owen to something natural, while I will loose Gareth to something simply as unable to have child.”
I pondered at what she meant. Was she saying I was lucky to have lost Owen to death than having lost him alive? The memories of his last moments flooded in, his words echoing in my head. I felt lightheaded, sick even.
“Melanie?” I heard Selenah say before I blanked out.
****
 “Owen! You are alive!” he smiled at me and outstretched his arms. I ran to his embrace.
“Mel,” he said, lifting me up into the air. When had he ever called me ‘Mel’? I shook the thought away. “I missed you.”  I smiled. He set me back down and hugged me fiercely. “Come with me,” he began to lead me to a doorway that shone brightly.
“Where?” I asked, although I followed willingly.
“A place where we can be together, Mel,” he said, smiling. “A place where I can rule.”
“Rule?” I stopped walking.
“Yes, rule Tenebris, of course. Do you not know? Her Ladyship Sellena is dead and my cousin is wed to the princess of Porticor. He shall rule there. Now, come, Mel.” The way he said Selenah’s name was odd…as if he were speaking of Sellena the First. And Selenah was alive.
“Owen, you never said you wished to rule Tenebris.” I stated. His smile began to fade.
“Did I not?” I stepped away from Owen. “You are cunning, just as she was.”
“What?” What was he saying? He smiled and his face began to change. His sandy colored hair turned black, and his blue eyes turned green. I gasped and took another step back. “Why are you here? I thought you long dead by Selenah’s own hand!”
“Am I?” he asked with a smile. “Come now, Mel. You cannot escape your destiny.” He held out a hand. Bile rose in my throat at the gesture.
“No!” I screamed, stumbling backwards. “You killed Owen with your Dragon. I will never help you!”
“Perhaps if you cooperated, you would not have suffered so,” he said harshly. Was he sorry for what he did? It did not matter, I told myself. His remorse would not bring back Owen. “Obey me now.”
 
“No! Never!”
I awoke, feeling a pulse throb on my neck. My hand instantly felt the warm charm Selenah had given me. It cooled at my touch.
Tiran sat at the edge of the bed I was in, his face blank as he stared at the walls across from him. He noticed me staring and helped me to sit upright.
“How are you feeling, Mel?” he asked quietly. I remained silent. Tiran pulled me into an embrace, holding me tight. I felt weightless in his arms, expecting –hoping– Owen to stumble upon us as he had before, but I knew he would not. 
The sobs started again as Tiran rocked me. “Do not do this to yourself, Mel,” he whispered. I succumbed to his kindness, laying my head on his shoulder, trying to suppress the cries. When I looked up at him, I saw his cheeks streaked with tears.
“Tiran…” I began.
“Shhh,” he whispered. “It will get better.”
“Will it?” Should it?
“Oh, Mel,” he gave me a gently squeeze. “Do not worry.”
The day went by quickly. I never got out of bed, except when I wanted to stretch my stiff legs. I constantly fingered the necklace I wore, for some odd reason I felt that it was alive, keeping me alive.
~~~
I stood alone in the chamber, my emotions running free as I stared at the Archduke’s still body beneath the white sheets over him. I could still feel the Lord of Herrington’s anguish in the room, and it was suffocating me.
“Why?” I cried out, turning away, raking a hand through my damp hair. “Why must I be burdened with all of this?” I should have warned them. I should have warned Mel.
I dropped to my knees beside Owen’s bedside. Would he forgive me? Should I even be forgiven for any of this?
Tears fell on their own accord as I gazed mournfully at him. I killed him. Just as I had let the Shadow Reaper kill mother and father. All of their deaths were on my hands. I had foreseen it all and yet I did nothing against it, nothing to stop it.
And it was then that the thought struck me. Do something, because you need to. For Mel’s sake and for Owen’s. And for my parents’. I would do them all justice when I fixed the mess I allowed to happen.
I looked down at my wrist, seeing the blue veins that ran along my arm. Would my blood suffice? No, it would not. Owen’s first recovery had been from a living dose of my blood. He was dead now, was he not?
“Do not give up,” I muttered, pulling back the sheet that cover Owen’s face. I stared down, feeling a rise of optimism within me, a possibility of bringing him back forming in my mind. I almost smiled at the thought of succeeding. It would be more than just bringing him back. Perhaps then there would be a chance for Gareth and I to be together. “I will bring you back, Owen. I owe it you for being Mel’s happiness.”
~~~
I continued to have visions of the Shadow Reaper throughout the week. Each time he offered the same thing, a chance to join him. But I refused; I would never forgive him for murdering Owen.
After gaining consciousness from the visions, I would feel the pulse from my necklace cool.
There was no one to confide this to, for I feared I would be dragging them into the Shadow Reaper’s perilous game of lies. Yet I had come to a conclusion that only Selenah could help me, but I was told she had not left Owen’s chamber after the Lord of Herrington’s departure. 
A maid had claimed hearing her speak, uttering some incantation, but as much as I wanted Owen back, it could not be done. Not even Selenah could bring back the dead.
No sooner had I finally adjusted –and acknowledged– myself to Owen’s death, my maids arrived. They were extremely worried for me, but I had nothing to say to them. The words died on my tongue before I could utter them.
“Oh, Mistress!” Yana exclaimed, coming back from the kitchens with a platter of food for me.  “I have bad news for you.”   
“What is it?” I managed to ask. 
“The Lady of Herington requests an audience with you tonight.” I gaped at her. I was not ready for this. “I hear she was terribly upset by the Archduke’s…passing.” I held onto the wall for support. My maids rushed to my side. She is going to kill me. I just know it. She will be far more reproachful than the Lord was.   
“Are you ill, Mistress? Shall I turn her away?” Yana asked as Blaire and Ayah helped me to sit down.
“No,” I said. I will face what she has to say to me. I deserve it. Yana gave me a doubtful look, but left anyway to inform the Lady.
****
She was smothered in silks and lace –all of which were black– when she entered the chamber. I curtsied to her. Her eyes were red from crying, that much I could tell, but the rest of her face was impassive. Her eyes darted to my three maids, huddled in a corner.
“You may leave,” I said, grateful that it did not crack under the pressure of the Lady’s stern eyes. They obeyed without question. I wondered what she would say to me. What words of hate did she want to express to only me?
“Duchess Melanie,” she said, her voice strong in a way I could not comprehend. “I take that is your name.”
“Yes, my Lady.”
She watched me with a hawk’s gaze. Her eyes fell to my necklace then to my face. What did she want to know?
“I was told you were the last to see my son alive.” Her voice remained calm, as if she were controlling her feelings. I tried to take on the ability to do so as well.
“Yes, my Lady.”
“Tell me, then, what did he say? What were his last words?” I was caught by surprise at what she was asking. I had expected a barrage of insults, from my looks to my commonality, but she did not. Not yet.
 
Then again, the mere thought of what Owen had last spoke of to me seemed impossible to say aloud, let alone his mother. She detested me, of course she would. Would she even believe what I had to say?
“Melanie.” Her voice was sharp with impatience. “Tell me. What did my son last say with his final breath?” I warred within myself. I had to tell her, but how? With every passing moment that I should stay silent, would increase her hate for me. “Was it that much private, that you cannot tell me?” Her question startled me. 
She stared at me with glazed eyes, tears threatening to spill over, but her capability to hold her emotions made it not. I took a deep breath.
“I am sure you were aware of what His Majesty the King expected of…your son,” I began.
“How could I not?” she whispered. “It was an honor! My grandson to be the next king, and my son a father.”
“He had told me…” I stopped, feeling the pain in my chest ready to come out in sobs. I took a few shaky breaths, clenching my fists to keep me from losing myself. “That he would have wanted our son to be the next king.” The words rushed out. There. I said it.
I kept my eyes on the floor, expecting to hear harsh laughter or words of disgust from the Lady of Herington. She was silent.
“Nothing of his mother?” I looked up at her. The tears in her eyes had begun to fall. I shook my head, ashamed. She stiffened. “Good night then.” She turned and left, the sound of rustling silk echoing in the still chamber.
chapter twenty-five: the echo of life


After several moments on my own, I ran out of my chamber, stumbling past my maids. I had no knowledge of the King’s Castle and I ran aimlessly through deserted corridors and broken chambers.
It was an impulse to run, to run from everything and everyone. No one could bring me the happiness, the belonging I had with Owen. And the Lady of Herrington only reminded me how beloved he was to more than just me.
At last, I found my way out of the castle. Several guards milled about with dozens of laborers, tending to the reconstruction of the damaged castle. They paid me no mind as I raced across to enter the streets of Akron.
“Mel!” someone called. I turned towards the voice. It was Selenah. I was shocked to see her after so long of hearing she had been locked away in Owen’s chamber. She looked thinner, and dark circles outlined her eyes. “Where are you going? Are you all right?”
She exhaled loudly to calm down from the running she had done from having to chase after me. Or was her pale skin due from something else? And her wrist bandaged for some reason.
An odd thought struck my mind. Was Selenah harming herself from all the blame of Owen’s death? I disregarded the idea. It was my fault he was dead.
“I want to go home,” I whispered, remembering how the Solstice Palace had glowed in the setting sun, its cracks and crumbling stone walls turning into something far more important than I had known it to be.
It was as if she had read my mind, when Selenah spoke words and suddenly, there we were. But we were not as close to the Solstice Palace as I had imagined us to be.
We were standing on an outcrop of land, jutting out in front of a sparse forest. From here, I could see the town beyond the Solstice Palace gates, as well as the palace itself, its powerful towers calling my name.
“Your maids will be sent here soon, so no need to worry,” Selenah said after a time.
Her breathlessness –and inability to take us directly to the palace– shocked me. And although she did not say it, I had a feeling something important must have happened to her during the few days I had not seen her. But I did not have the heart to ask her about it.
Instead, I forced a smile, and said, “It is all right. I would like to be on my own for a while.” I turned away from her, seeing Selenah nod from the corner of my eye.
“Mel, promise me you will not forget Owen,” she said in a low voice. I gave her a sidelong glance. How could I ever forget him? “Please, Mel.”
Why would she even ask such a thing? “I promise.”
Selenah whispered something and she was gone.    
Sighing, I stood alone, looking at the view of the Solstice Palace that was unbearable from the mountain-like perspective I was at. It looked like a glass figurine shining in the waning sun. No longer did I see its fading purple hued stones or the crumbling walls. All I saw was home. A home that had harbored the people I loved, but it did no longer.
****
My maids prepared my bed that night as I stared out the window. There was a gentle hum in the air, and it lulled me from all the pain. I absently fingered my necklace, feeling a sort of reassurance from it.
I turned to face Ayah, Blaire, and Yana. They looked exhausted, resting against the bedpost and the wall. It occurred to me then, that despite how terrible I was feeling, the three trailed after me. They were forced to join me at the palace when they finally adjusted to the King’s Castle, as well as doing things I would normally do on my own without them.
“I am sorry for burdening you three,” I whispered, searching their faces for their forgiveness. “It was selfish of me to think only of myself and not of your wellbeing.”
Blaire walked up to me, giving me a smile.
“We would walk to the ends of the kingdom for you,” she said, looking over her shoulder at the other two for their support. Ayah nodded enthusiastically. Yana scoffed.
“If it comes with a handsome, young, and filthy rich husband-to-be then of course I would!” We chuckled lightly, although Yana’s words brought me back to what Owen had said. Had he recovered, would he have asked for my hand in marriage?
The thought silenced my laughter. I would never know.
“We will take it one day at a time,” Yana said softly, walking over to put a hand on my arm. “Together.”
****
I woke up with a headache. 
My fingers traced the bird on my necklace as I turned in bed. It had become a habit now, the constant need to find a normalcy from all the madness. 
Because Owen was alive and well when Selenah had given me the necklace. Maybe if I just believed enough, he truly would still be alive.
Dressing myself, I decided not to wake my maids. I was done being another’s burden.
The Solstice Palace felt dead without Owen. There were no smiles, no laughs, and no handsome archduke to share everything with.
I spent half of the morning by myself, barely existing, in the palace woods. There was nothing to feel but pain, and nothing to think of but of Owen. Could it truly be my fault? Or was it Selenah’s? I sighed, knowing it did not matter, now that he was gone.
The sound of feet rushing towards me brought me out of my thoughts. I turned to find all three of my maids, barely out of their nightgowns.
I walked up to meet them, worried. “Has something happened?”
All three began to speak at once.
“We were looking–”
“Oh, Mistress–”
“It is incredible–”
“–you must hurry!”
“–He said–”
 	“Girls, please,” I shushed them, feeling a fluttering sensation in my chest at their eagerness. “One at a time, please.” They nodded. “Who would like to speak first?”
The three looked at each other, before Yana spoke up, taking a deep breath.
“A messenger from the King’s Castle arrived for you. He is awaiting your return.” I could not help but smile at the happiness she was radiating.
“Has he told you why he came?” I asked them, motioning for them to follow me back inside. Were Selenah and Price Gareth finally going to marry? That would certainly keep me afloat for the next coming weeks.
“No, it must be quite important if he would not tell us of it,” Blaire answered.
“And where is he waiting?”
“Just outside your chamber,” Ayah supplied. I gave her a quizzical look. Why would a messenger wait for me there? She flushed. “Well, he insisted,” she added quickly. Yana and Blaire shook their heads at her words.
As I neared my chamber, I spotted the messenger, who was finely dressed with a sword at his hip. 
His back was facing us, and the more I stared at him, the more I thought I knew him. Those shoulders, that prince-like posture, and blonde hair…
I stopped walking, feeling my breath quicken. It could not be. Was I dreaming? I glanced at my maids, who stood nervously behind me. Or was this some sort of sick joke?
At that moment, the messenger turned to face us after hearing out approach. I felt my knees weaken and I grasped my maids’ arms for support. Were my eyes playing tricks on me?
He came forward, almost running towards us. He halted a few steps away from me, blue eyes wide. He smiled.
I collapsed into his open arms, the rush of heat from his body erasing all doubts. I pressed my cheek to his chest, feeling the rhythm of his heartbeat, pure and true. His grip tightened around me as I looked up at him through blurry eyes, smiling.
“I will never let you leave me again,” I whispered, but I felt an unease wash through me as I spoke those words aloud. They were words that were not fit of me to say.
chapter twenty-six: darkness within


“How are you…” I paused, biting my lip. “You stopped breathing, Owen. We took you for dead.” He looked away from me, squinting at something in the distance. I waited patiently for him to answer.
We were both resting against the stone columns outside my chamber, where my maids had scurried away, no doubt within earshot of our conversation.
“Your sister, Lady Selenah, bought me back. I remember opening my eyes to see her tear-streaked face light up at my awakening. I cannot recall how she did it or of the days that had passed since we last spoke.” Hearing him say those words, I felt my face flush red at the memory. From the corner of my eye, I saw Owen smile. “Did you take my confession to be a lie as well?” I did not know what to say. Yes and no?
Owen propped himself off the column turning to face me completely. Feeling his undivided attention, I tried to remain calm under his calculating gaze.
There were simply too many emotions; I could not understand it all, or think to entangle it. There were the doubts that held me back from him, some otherworldly sense telling me we could never be.
“Melanie,” he took a step forward, but I shook my head, stopping him from coming any closer.
“Owen, I love you, I truly do,” I said, tears welling up behind my eyes. My fingers gripped onto the silver bird at my throat as I took a shaky breath. “But we cannot be. Not ever.”
I saw him inhale sharply, his fists clench at his sides. It hurt to see the evident pain on his face, the tear-stung eyes that glimmered now in sadness.
“Why?” he whispered, the rough edge in his voice clawing my ears. “Why?”
“You would never believe the things I have done and caused, or what I will do,” I choked out, my thoughts wavering to the Shadow Reaper’s prophecy. He could not truly be gone if he had continued to haunt my dreams. “I do not deserve happiness, Owen, not anything. I do not deserve you because,” I paused, forcing myself to stare directly into his eyes, “because you deserve far better than me.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head. He stepped forward to place his hands gently on my neck, his thumb rubbing against my cheek. It was a reflex, I pressed against his palm, seeing him smile faintly. “Melanie you are more than just Lady Selenah’s sister, more than just a pawn in someone’s game. How many times must I risk my life for you to understand that I would travel to the ends of this earth to always come back to you?”
            “You do not understand,” I insisted, putting a hand over his to lower it away. “It is because you would endanger yourself so for a girl who does not ought to have it. I refuse to make you do that ever again.”
            “Oh, Melanie–”
            “No, Owen. Your parents, they were devastated by your death. And who was there to blame? Me, Owen, it was me they blamed. I forced you into this mess and I will not have you back in it.”
            We stared at each other for endless moments in silence. As much as I wanted him, I knew letting him go would be the rightful decision for us both.
After a time, Owen smiled, catching me off guard. I blinked, did he really–?
He knelt to the ground, taking my hands in his.
“Melanie, that is what love does. It is what love is. I would do anything for you, just as I know that you are pushing me away because you think it is right. Melanie, I would rather live a brief life with you at my side than an eternity without you. Have me be the happiest man Tenebris has ever known, Melanie. Will you marry me?”
I gaped, unable to contain my shock. After everything I had said…he still wanted us to wed? 
“Yes,” I whispered, staring into his eyes. “Yes!”
The sound of three muffled squeals resonated in the air between us. I let out a laugh, of relief and happiness, as Owen drew up to softly place a kiss on my lips.
It lasted a few moments until I pulled away, a question suddenly taking root in my mind.
“Owen,” I began, searching his face, “does your mother and father know that you are here? That you are alive and well?” He remained silent, casting his gaze down. “Owen, answer me.” But he did not have to say it for me to realize what it was. His silence was enough.  “You must tell them,” I said, lifting his chin with my hand.
“I…I do not want them to know,” he replied, his eyes finding mine. I swallowed. The thought of another sacrifice he was paying for me was unsettling.
“You know you cannot hide from them forever. It would not be right, especially as they care so much for you.”
“Please, Melanie. Just for now. I do not want them to spoil what little time of freedom I have with you right now.” I could not deny him nor could I have done so. Because all I wished for now as to live a comforted life without the stresses and pains of the reality we were in now.
Entwining my fingers with his, we stepped out together where my maids mobbed us with questions.
“Where shall the wedding be?” Ayah asked, eyes bright.
“In a beautiful meadow!” Blaire suggested.
“Behind a magnificent waterfall,” Yana sighed.
Owen and I grinned at each other.
“They both sound like wonderful ideas,” Owen agreed. “But perhaps Melanie and I should think it over ourselves, before we announce anything.”
“A pity,” Yana replied, “I have much more romantic places to recommend!”
We all laughed, dispelling any doubts and worries that I had just minutes ago. This was my life now. My happy life.
****
Our swords clashed with a loud clank, the sound muffled by the helmet I wore. My thoughts trailed back to the month that had slipped by, a month of happiness and safety.  
But it was all fleeting, the memories, the fun, almost as if the cloud that had held me up so high was gone and all I was left with now was the crushing feeling of reality. All my worries were coming back, stronger than ever.
I hissed, the sword in my hand skittering to the ground. I rubbed my cut palm, holding it to my chest.
Owen dropped his sword, pulling off his helmet as he rushed to my side, taking my wounded hand in his. 
“Melanie, forgive me,” he said, regret in his eyes. “I thought you would parry my attack.”
Sighing, I pulled away from him, taking off my own helmet. My hair blew in the breeze while I sat on the trodden earth to examine the cut.
Owen knelt before me as he gently pried the ripped glove from my hand. The cut was nothing serious, not deep enough to draw blood, but enough to leave, what I hoped to be, a temporary scar. Owen smiled in relief and lifted my hand to his lips.
“I lost you again,” he whispered. Guilt stabbed at me.
“Sorry.”
He shook his head.
“What has gotten into you these past days, Melanie? Is it because I sent for my parents?”
I looked away.
Yes, maybe it was. What would they do, now knowing their son had come to me first, and not they? But it was more than that. How was I to explain what I was truly feeling? How was I to tell him I felt a void in my chest, as if some darkness was taking over? And I was losing that battle within?
“Melanie, look at me,” I heard Owen say, using his thumb to make me face in his direction. “I could not ask for any more in my life. I have you and a home to provide you. But even now I feel you falling from my grasp.” His words hurt me because I knew they were true.
I felt the familiar pulse by my throat as Owen drew me close to him. Closing my eyes I tried to shut out the feeling of desolation, of desperation. But what was I to despair about? I was living a happy life. And yet there was a part of me craving for something else.
Owen pulled me to my feet, dropping his forehead to mine. Even behind his armor, I inhaled his smell, letting it awaken my senses.
There was a commotion behind him and I opened my eyes, looking over Owen’s shoulder to see what was going on. The moment I did, my heart skipped a beat.
Standing before us were the two I had hoped I would never have to see: the Lord and Lady of Herrington. Owen had turned to face them, the color draining from his face. Neither of us were ready for this now.
“Owen?” the Lady of Herrington whispered, eyes wide. “My boy, is that truly you?”
I took a step back, trying to breath calmly. I could not do this, but Owen held me steadfast by his side.
 
“Yes, Mother, it is I.”
She took a few steps closer, but could not get very near as the fence surrounding the arena stopped her from doing so. She opened her mouth to speak, but her husband spoke instead.
“My son, we have mourned your loss like none other,” he said, his tone bordering on spiteful. “And we are then told you are alive, living away from us for the past month. What have you to say for yourself?” he growled. But then the Lord of Herrington caught sight of me, eyes narrowing and he turned up his nose in disgust. “And with that wench? You shame this family,” he spat, eyes blazing. “She is–”
“Do not dare speak ill of my future wife,” Owen warned, catching his father by surprise. “I suspected neither of you would consent so I remained away to reside with Melanie.”
Owen’s mother immediately spoke up.
“My son, never would I dream of preventing you from your happiness,” she said, looking over to me. “I am only grief-stricken that you could not see that, choosing to stay away from your own mother has caused us such despair.”
“What are you spewing, woman?” the Lord of Herrington barked, red-faced. His wife flinched and Owen tensed. “My son decides to forsake me and here you are telling him that the pain he caused me was just? You impudent wench!” My insides turned at his words, filling me with hatred.
He raised a hand to strike her as I rushed forward, taking the hit. The Lord of Herrington swore, pulling his hand away from my armored shoulder.
 
I stared hard at him as he scowled.
“If you wish to deal with me, your highness, then do so. Your wife is not at fault,” I said, meeting his gaze. I would not have Owen’s mother hurt if she was only doing what she thought was best for her son.
“You will regret making an enemy of me,” he hissed, causing a thin blade of fear to run down my spine, but I kept a passive face. He turned to his wife. “Come, it was foolish of me to think my son would ever live up to my standards.” But there was a hint of sadness in his fierce voice as the Lady of Herrington bowed her head and did as he said.
Blinking back confusion, I turned to face Owen, feeling responsible for what had just happened. He was staring after his parents, a sorrowful look in his eyes.
I walked up to him, taking his hands in mine.
“Owen, I am so sorry for doing this to you, to your parents,” I confessed, glancing up at him. “I do not know what it means to have such devoted parents who love you as much as yours do. I hate that I am tearing your family apart. Please, spend time with them, I beg of you, Owen.”
When he did not reply, I bit my lip, feeling crushed. For once, Owen must have realized the damage I was causing in his life.
Quickly taking a step back, I grabbed my fallen sword and helmet from the ground and walked off the arena, with my head bowed low. Our love could not solve every problem and that was the heartbreaking truth.
chapter twenty-seven: a bird of poison


I paced about my chamber, frowning.
“There is no need to worry,” Yana said. I stopped and turned to face her.
“How can you say that when Owen has not spoken to me in days? What else am I to do other than worry?”
“But it was you who proposed that the Archduke spend time with his parents,” Blaire said. “Give him some time, let him earn back their favor.”
Sighing, I sat down beside them. “What now, then? Do I just wait and hope for the best?”
“We could do that,” Yana said. “Or we could take a trip to the King's Castle. It must have been rebuilt by now. Maybe we should take some time outside these walls.” At her words, a thought came to mind, making me gasp.
“I nearly forgot!” I exclaimed, standing up. I had not thought to thank Selenah for bringing Owen back. I turned to face my maids, who looked at me with quizzical faces. “Come, we must be off.”
“What about the Archduke?” Ayah asked, standing up. “Are we not waiting for him?”
I gave her a small smile. “I am sure giving Owen and his father some space will only benefit us.”
As we prepared for the trip to the King's Castle, I explained to the three what my intentions were. I could only hope that Selenah had not left.
Looking over my shoulder at the Solstice Palace briefly, I entered the carriage after my maids. I intended to return before nightfall, hoping that a few hours away from the Lord of Herrington would be all the better.
During the trip, my maids spoke of palace affairs and Yana told us of another tale of another noble's efforts in vying for her affection. As much as I would have enjoyed it, I could not stop myself from wondering what it would have cost Selenah to bring Owen back from a near death. How much magic would it take?
Guilt overtook me. In the month I had spent my days with Owen, it had never occurred to me that I should visit Selenah. Was she all right? She had not contacted me since Owen's arrival. Perhaps she was ill? I shook my head. Selenah's magic was strong. She health could not fail so easily.
When the carriage had stopped, I stepped off, taking in my surroundings. Yana had only been partially right; the burned cinderblocks and the shattered glass windows to the castle had been replaced, but much of the broken towers still lay in ruin. There were only half the guard as it should have been, and the nobles that once lived here were now at the Solstice Palace.
“Duchess,” a voice called. I turned to face Connor, in his Royal Guard armor, as he approached me. He bowed slightly. “I was just about to send for you.” I raised an eyebrow.
“For what reason am I needed?” I asked.
“Selenah requires your audience. Please, come this way,” he said, indicating for me to follow after him. I nodded, trying to suppress the overwhelming fear within me. I could only hope Selenah was fine.
Connor walked us through near empty halls, past the throne room and royal chambers. Even though it had been a while since I had last been here, I knew where we were headed: the Infirmary.
I pushed past Connor, nearly running to where Selenah sat, upright.
Halting before her, I inhaled sharply. Selenah was wearing a simple white gown, her golden hair now a dark yellow that fell to her shoulders without grace, her skin paler than it should be, and her eyes were no longer bright.
I sat beside her, taking her hands in mine. She gave me a sad smile.
“You lost your magic,” I whispered, remembering the time I had asked the Shadow Reaper to show me what Selenah would look like without her magic. 
Selenah nodded, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
I sat there, speechless. The Shadow Reaper had been right. The vision he had showed me of Selenah without magic...it had come to pass. My eyes widened in realization. If Selenah had lost her magic, then I would gain magic as well. But what then of the Shadow Reaper? He was standing beside me in the vision. Did that mean–?
“Mel, is something wrong?” I blinked and shook my head. The Shadow Reaper is dead; he had to be.
“No, of course not,” I answered. I hesitated before going on to ask her, “How did you lose your magic?”
Selenah looked down at our joined hands before looking back up at me.
“I did it for you,” she whispered, on the verge of tears. I squeezed her hand. “I wanted one of us to be happy, Mel. My magic was just enough to make Owen's heart beat again. It was enough to heal him completely, just once.”
I embraced her, holding her tight as she gripped my shoulder, crying softly. She had given up so much, a part of herself she could never reclaim, for us.
“How can I ever thank you?” I asked, pulling back.
Selenah smiled through her tear streaked face. “Be happy together. It is all I ask.”
For a moment, her eyes lowered to the necklace I wore, narrowing slightly. She opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted.
“Melanie!”
I turned around, seeing Owen breathing hard at the doorway of the Infirmary. I looked back at Selenah. She nodded, letting go of my hand. I stood up as he rushed forward, putting his arms around me to kiss my forehead.
“I feared my father had sent you away,” he said, stroking my hair. I smiled at his worry for me.
“No harm done. What did the two of you speak of?” He hesitated, lowering his voice as he spoke. I leaned closer to hear.
“He insisted that he know the...specifics of our relationship while we were at the palace.” I raised an eyebrow. Why would the Lord of Herrington want to know that?
Pulling back, I asked, “And what did you tell him?”
“I told him what we had agreed upon; we would honor our marriage as the kingdom's laws saw fit.”
Before I could speak, Connor announced, "His Majesty has arrived!"
We turned to see King Liason enter the chamber, sweeping the floor in his rich dark blue cape. I swallowed, dreading what he might have to say. But instead, the King smiled at the sight of us. I was taken aback by his reaction. Was he not at first angered by my presence with Owen?
“Splendid, just splendid,” he said, genuinely pleased. “Owen, I see you have chosen your bride. Now come, we have a coronation and wedding to see to!” 
His words were met with silence. I felt Owen's grip around me tighten.
“Do you truly mean what you say?” he asked, eyebrows furrowed. I could see my maids at the edge of the doorway, hands over their open mouths, and Connor frowning in confusion.
“Of course, nephew. When I heard of the Duchess’ and your arrival, why, I started the plans already! It shall happen at the Solstice Palace–” 
“I do not understand,” I said, unable to keep my tongue in line. “Why is there such a rush for the wedding and coronation?”
“Dear girl, these are matters of the state and they must be resolved at once. Tenebris must have a solid future for her people. She needs a young king and queen who will secure her line of succession. And the time for that is now.”
I stared at the King, now seeing how his hair was all but gray wisps, the skin on his face had wrinkled beneath his eyes, and he no longer carried a sword at his hip; instead, a leather belt kept his trousers tight against his thinning body. 
No longer was he the spiteful king that had insulted me. It came to my attention then that King Liason was dying, a natural and slow death.
“A winter wedding,” Selenah said, making us turn to face her. She was smiling. “I shall look forward to it.”
~~~
Mel and Owen followed King Liason out of the Infirmary. Her maids broke the two apart, surrounding her with laughter and hugs. Mel looked back at me and smiled. I returned the smile, glad to see her happily ever after had begun.
Connor came up to me as I tried to get off the bed. My legs trembled as Connor held me upright.
“Are you sure you wish to stand now?” he asked, as I steadied myself against him. I nodded.
My lips, by instinct, formed the words for a healing spell, but I bit them back. 
I gripped Connor's arm in effort to keep the tears away. A month of useless time had sped away, and still I could not manage a life without magic. Magic that could have been enough to convince the King I was able to defend a kingdom, even without an heir, and enough to reassure Gareth I could still stand by his side.
Connor eased me back into the hospital bed, shaking his head.
“I regret not being able to heal you, Lady Selenah.” I forced a smile. No magic could heal me; nothing was strong enough to cure a body so used to magic to simply have it ripped out. A heavy price to pay for Mel's happiness.
“But I cannot thank you enough, Connor,” I whispered, watching him take his usual seat beside my bed. “You prove more loyal than anyone I have come to know.” For Gareth's loyalty was split between his father and I.
Connor smiled, taking my hand in his.
“My loyalty shall remain with you, Selenah.”
~~~
After it was decided that the coronation would take place the very day of our wedding, Owen and I had run off before anyone else could hound us with questions. 
Our arms were linked and we had begun walking by the back courtyard of the castle when I heard a shrill squeak from something in the dark trees before us. I halted, placing a hand on Owen's abdomen to stop him as well.
“Did you hear that?” I asked, turning my head to the left. Owen was silent, listening, but he shook his head.
Just then, I heard it again, low and weak. It had definitely come from the woods. 
Motioning for him to follow, I quickened my pace into the trees, my eyes scouring for what was calling out to us.
And there, in a mat of leaves and dirt, lay a baby bird, laying on its back. 
I knelt down, almost feeling the charm on my necklace flare for a moment. It was impossible to tell what kind of bird it was; the dark substance that covered its small body obscured any feather color it could have had. 
Owen reached for it but it shuddered, croaking out in fear. Owen glanced at me, eyebrows raised. Taking a quick breath, I scooped up the bird gently, ignoring its painful cry, and lifted it into the kerchief Owen had pulled out from his pocket.
“How do you think it got to be like this?” I asked as Owen studied the condition the bird was in. He glanced up at the branches above and back at where we had found it.
“It must have fallen,” he suggested, “from quite a high distance at that, too.” Owen paused. “Shall we take it back?” 
“Of course,” I answered, standing. “We cannot just let it die.”
“I doubt any of our physicians can help it,” Owen said, frowning as he stood up with me. “Perhaps Lady Selenah’s magic can heal it?”
Trying to find the right words to tell Owen the truth, I shook my head. Why had she not told Owen?
“I am afraid Selenah will not be able to help our poor creature.” I leaned into Owen's arm, gazing at the bird lying in the soiled kerchief in his hands before looking up at him. “Selenah lost her magic,” I added softly.
Owen stopped walking, turning to face me.
“How could such a thing be possible? Do you know how?” he asked, glancing down to look at me. I nodded. “Is it because...she used her magic to heal me?” I bit my lip and looked away. I saw Owen shake his head. “I had no idea,” he whispered. “She never–” 
I squeezed his arm. “It is fine, Owen. I can assure you that Selenah does not at all blame her loss of magic on you.”
He sighed and we resumed our walk back into the castle.
Back at the Infirmary, the physicians were not keen on treating the bird, but we were able to persuade them to.
Selenah was conversing with Connor when we arrived. For a moment it looked as if the two were holding hands, but when Owen and I walked returned from our talk with the physician, their hands were not. Selenah immediately asked what was going on.
“We found it, crying out for help,” I said. “All we could do was take it here.”
“Will you release the bird after it has recovered?”
“Yes, of course,” Owen nodded.
“But until then,” I added, “we shall keep it and raise it as our own.”
Selenah smiled. “What shall you name the bird?”
“Niro.”
I hesitated; the name had slipped out of my tongue.
“A wonderful name,” Owen remarked. “Niro shall be the first addition to this family.”
“The first, eh?” Connor grinned. Selenah slapped his arm playfully, but could not suppress her own smile. I felt Owen's arm wrap around my waist.
“Yes, the first.”
****
Some days after continued planning, news arrived of Prince Gareth's wedding, marking Tenebris' alliance with Porticor. It would take place once King Liason arrived. Anyone under the King's consent was allowed to attend as well. 
The King had personally asked me if I would accompany him and Owen on their journey to Prince Gareth's wedding. Despite King Liason's first ever recognition of my existence, I refused to their dismay. It hurt to see Selenah in such a desolate state from hearing about the Prince's wedding and I feared going there would only ruin our growing friendship.
“Then my nephew and I shall go on without you,” the King replied. He stood up, a hand on Owen's shoulder. “Come, we must prepare. I wish to see my son as soon as I can.” Owen glanced over at me. 
“If Melanie will not go, neither shall I.” The King frowned, his hand slipping off. I tried to contain my smile.
“Owen, leave the girl be. Your own wedding will happen soon after we return from Gareth’s. Is that not enough?”
“What would the people think–”  Owen started.
“They would think you a mighty fine heir to grace their kingdom’s alliances with his presence,” King Liason snapped. “Now on your feet. I do not have all day.” As the King walked out of the chamber, he muttered, “What a sorrowful king you will be the day she is gone.” I felt a pang of guilt, knowing King Liason had ruled Tenebris without his queen.
Biting my lip, I forced my gaze to the floor, feeling a sense of shame envelop me. What if the king is right? Owen and I were happy, together. But apart?
After a few minutes of quiet discussion, Owen conceded, promising me he would be joining King Liason on their three day trip south to Porticor. 
I forced a smile. As much as it was important for Owen to be there for Prince Gareth, there was also a part of me that feared I would lose him. But I withheld my doubts.
Eager to see his son, the King issued leave a little before sundown. However, a problem arose. Since many of us were not going to Porticor, including myself, Selenah, Connor, and the amount of maids and servants that had not fled the castle, there would not be a sufficient number guards to protect the castle and escort the King, Owen, and the majority of noblemen safely through the kingdom.
“It is time Tenebris’ royalty move back to the Solstice Palace,” King Liason said, addressing us. Every guard, maid, and nobleman stood within the Throne Room, save for Selenah and Connor. “From this day forward, the King’s Castle shall no longer be home to the Royal Family. Our future leaders will rule from the Solstice Palace.”
King Liason’s gaze had fallen upon us as he spoke. Heads turned to face us, making me press against Owen’s side. I did not think I would ever get used to so much attention. But I saw Owen smile and I realized I would have to get used to it.
After all, I would soon be Tenebris’ future Queen.
Epilogue


The journey to the Solstice Palace had been both entertaining and difficult. Half the time I spent walking alongside the carriages carrying nobles with my maids and the various other servants. Guards surrounded us on foot and horseback as townspeople received word of the king’s decree. Owen sat inside a carriage, with Niro safely settled on his lap.
At our arrival, many retired, filling the palace’s empty chambers. By the next morning, the King and all those who were attending Prince Gareth's wedding had set up to leave.
I held onto Owen, moments before he would depart with the others.
“Promise me you will come back,” I whispered, fearing that our distance apart might make him stray. What if he met another woman...?
“Melanie, do not doubt what we share. You are my one and only.” I smiled up at him as he gazed down at me and nodded. 
Giving him a quick kiss, I released Owen and watched him turn and walk into the carriage. I prayed silently for he and the others to return back safely and swiftly.
For the rest of the week, I was busy trying to keep order in the palace. It had occurred to me then just how big the Solstice Palace was. There were enough chambers for the incoming nobles and the servant quarters and kitchens were just as large to house the extra help.
After some time, the guards began looking at me for their orders and guidance. I was overwhelmed by their attention, feeling slightly stranded with my new authoritative power. 
Despite this, I felt a sense of need from them as their future sovereign, putting my full attention on what needed to be done for both Tenebris and the upcoming wedding.
In the near three weeks that it had taken for Owen and the others to come back, I had also managed to keep an eye out for Niro –who I had learned was a baby eagle and was healing exceptionally well– and manage all the incoming affairs that had risen during their absence. Selenah was also getting stronger as the days wore on and I was able to call for Tiran in time to take Conner's place as Captain of the Guard when he was unable to leave Selenah's side.
When the carriages rolled through the gates, my maids and I, along with many nobles awaiting the return of the King, were anticipating their arrival.
The palace itself seemed to glow brighter with its stones polished and redone, and its entrances covered in lavender colored garlands for the upcoming wedding. The leaves shuddered in the early winter breeze.
King Liason was the first to step out of the carriage. We curtsied as he neared, but I quickly looked over his shoulder, hoping to see Owen. He stepped out after the King and grinned widely as our eyes met.
I rushed over to him, throwing my arms around his neck. Owen pulled me close, kissing my bare shoulder. The familiar sensation of longing swept within me as I gazed up at him.
“Forgive me for returning so late,” he said after we pulled away. “Uncle was adamant on visiting every city and announcing the news of a new king and a future queen.” I shook my head, smiling.
“Owen, you are home. That is all I could have asked for.” Owen watched me for a moment, head tilted. “Owen, what is it?” 
A small smile spread across his face.
“You seem changed,” he replied as we both began walking after the King, who seemed quite gleeful by the Solstice Palace’s refurnished look. I raised an eyebrow at Owen. He chuckled. “I can assure you it is a compliment.”
I tugged on his arm. “Come, Niro would love to see you again,” the necklace I wore warming once more.
“And his mother? Is she not happy to see me, too?” Owen asked, winking.
“You can find out yourself when she is your wife,” I answered, smiling.
“But the day has yet to come,” Owen sighed. “I have waited much too long to simply call you mine before the court.”
With our arms linked, we entered the chamber I had dedicated to Niro. Here, cushioned chairs and soft rugs littered the ground and hanging rings swayed in the air. They served as a way of movement throughout the chamber as bird-like as possible for flightless Niro.
Niro was by the windowsill where the curtain was parted to allow the morning sunlight to shine through. He had turned at our entry and squawked out a greeting.
“Hey there,” I said, walking forward. Niro hopped off the sill, using the furniture and low hanging rings to come closer as well.
“His wings have not healed?” Owen asked, gently running a hand over Niro's bent wings. They had been clipped together to allow his broken bones to form properly. I shook my head. The wounds on his chest had been cleaned and mended, but I had not been able to heal his wings. “A shame. do you know when, if ever, he will be able to fly?”
I shook my head again, watching Niro as he hopped out of Owen's reach and into my forearm. I smiled, running my fingers through his feathers. I hoped one day Niro would be able to fly, but right now, I was content with him staying within the palace walls. With us.
“Ah, here you two are,” the King's voice boomed behind us. We turned to face him as he walked in, taking in his surroundings. “Perhaps building a Falconry would be nice addition to this place. I suppose it takes a queen to realize such things,” he mused aloud before turning to fully face us. “Owen, I was hosting a hunt with your father. Do join us.”
“But I have just returned,” Owen replied. “Might I rest a bit before we go?”
“Of course, of course. I expect you be ready at noon.” Owen nodded as King Liason turned and left.
“A hunting trip sounds wonderful,” I said, leading Niro to his feeder. “Do not let me stop you.”
“Would you like to accompany me?” Owen asked, watching as Niro followed my every move.
“My hands are quite full at the moment, Owen. But I do appreciate if you come back quickly. There is so much to set up for our wedding I doubt I can do it all on my own.” Owen smiled and pulled me away from Niro, wrapping his arms around my waist, and pressing my back against his chest. I leaned back, closing my eyes.
“I love you,” he whispered into my ear.
“I love you too.” The words just sounded so right.
The warm pulse that had lingered from my necklace cooled as Owen traced his lips along the back of my neck. A spark ran down my spine as he continued. Owen stopped, breathing above the necklace’s chain.
“You have never removed that necklace since you received it,” he said, more a statement than question.
“Why would I?” I asked.
Owen shook his head before he began to pull me out of the chamber.
“I think we require more...private quarters right now,” 
Niro let out a sharp call, propelling himself onto me. With a laugh, I caught him, holding him close.
“It seems that Niro is not used to sharing my attention,” I said, smiling over at Owen. He raised an eyebrow. “I suppose all the time I spent caring for him meant something to the poor thing.” I lifted Niro onto one of the higher rings. He hopped onto it, trying to flex his injured wings.
Just then, the chamber door swung open and my maids rushed in.
“The tailor arrived!” Ayah exclaimed before either of us could speak. “Oh, and the dresses she has!” I could not suppress a smile at her excitement. “There is just so much to choose from,” she gushed.
“Tell her I shall be there as soon as I can,” I said, feeling thrilled myself. The four of us had been waiting for the tailor to arrive for the past week now.
“She will also need the Archduke for his fitting,” Blaire added. Owen nodded, taking me by the hand. They smiled as I said farewell to Niro and walked out with Owen. 
We were so close to our happily ever after. Just a few more weeks and everything would be ready for the coronation and our wedding.
****
The weather had quickly turned from mildly warm to small flurries of snow by the time everything had been set. 
The dress I would be wearing was a pure celadon silk gown; its sleeves were netted and sewn in with floral patterns, it had a plunging v-neckline, and its skirts spiraled to the right.
I gasped at my reflection when the tailor had stepped away, grinning at her work. I had seen this reflection before. It was the image of myself with magic. 
The smile on my face faded and I looked over my shoulder, half expecting to see the Shadow Reaper’s standing there.
My fingers gripped the bird-shaped charm on my necklace as I took deep, slow breaths. The necklace was the only thing I had not seen in the Shadow Reaper's vision.
“Mistress, it is time!” Blaire’s voice brought me out of my conscious. I gave her a brief smile and turned to face my maids. They wore identical silvery purple gowns that shimmered from the decorated corset. They each held a bouquet of assorted white and yellow roses.
I threw my arms around them, thankful for such wonderful and steadfast companions. We pressed each other close, our heads tipped downwards. And for those moments, the fear within me was gone.
“I am ready if you three are ready,” I whispered.
“We are ready,” Yana said firmly. As I began to lead the three out of the chamber, Yana added, “to meet our future husband.” I grinned as Ayah giggled and Blaire scolded her.
The four of us made our way through the palace and neared the side entrance to the Throne Room where Tiran stood. He smiled and held out a sword to me, still sheathed. I took it from him, doing my best not to drop it as I gazed at the gilded designs and jewel encrusted hilt. It was the King’s Sword.
Taking a deep breath, I have Tiran a firm nod. He bought bowed his head and slowly opened the door, bright light flooding into the hall.
As I walked in, I cast my eyes down, trying to ignore the whispers that began immediately at my arrival. And not all were in my favor. I closed my eyes for a moment before raising my head to embrace it. This was my day.
My maids took position, each one of them standing on the dais steps. Breathing deeply, I took my stance in the first pew beside the Lord and Lady of Herrington. They did not take notice of me, rather they watched as King Liason and the Royal Priest coronate Owen, who was dressed in white and embroidered gold. He had caught my gaze as I walked in and smiled before he turned to face the King.
“I, King Serim Liason of Tenebris, hereby bestow my title to my rightful born nephew, the Archduke of Herrington, and grant him the highest honor of leading Tenebris and her people.” He knelt before Owen, bowing his head. 
The Royal Priest tentatively took off his crown and placed it above Owen’s brow.
The former king then unfastened the blue cape he wore and draped then across Owen’s shoulders before he stepped aside. The Royal Priest then addressed everyone.
“No king shall take his burden alone, for with every challenge he endures, he will have his queen at his side. And for every gain his kingdom receives, he will have his queen to thank,” he paused, now addressing Owen. “And with whom will our glorious King share his rule with?”
I shut my eyes briefly, squeezing the sword in my hands as Owen turned to face me.
“Duchess Melanie will be at my side as the next queen of Tenebris.” I felt my heart skip a beat as he said my name aloud, giving me a bright smile.
Walking forward, I held the King’s Sword outstretched before me and dipped low, bowing my head. I swallowed, praying I would not mess up on my vows as I glanced up at him through my eyelashes.
“To my King I surrender my heart,” I said, just above a whisper, “and to my kingdom I surrender my loyalty.”
Owen lifted the sword from my hands and unsheathed it. The sword rang and shone in the glittering light from the chandeliers above.
“I accept your devotion, Duchess Melanie,” Owen placed the sword's cold edge below my chin and slowly lifted my face to look at him. “May Tenebris flourish under her Queen,” he finished, putting the sword onto his belt.
A sigh of relief left my lips as I stood up, a guard taking the scabbard of the King’s Sword from me. 
Owen stepped down from the dais, rushing over to me. I embraced him tightly, pressing my face into his chest. We did it.
The rest of the day was a blur of happiness. I could not remember the last time I had been so happy. 
Owen and I spent the day speaking with our advisors and the occasional nobleman. Selenah was on her feet today, and I was thrilled to see her finally smiling again. Owen and I took a quick stroll through the chilly gardens, enjoying each other’s company.
When night had finally come, I was exhausted and quite full from the amount of food that had been forced upon me by my maids. But I was blessed. Blessed with comfort in a life that had always brought me down. 
****
I awoke to the sound of the winter birds’ calls. I sighed, relishing in the warmth radiating from Owen’s body when I noticed something by the balcony curtains. A breeze blew in, scattering dead leaves into the chamber.
Brows furrowed I stepped out of the bed, biting my lip as my feet made contact with the cold stone floor. Hugging myself, I approached the balcony, now seeing Niro perched on the stone railing, staring longingly at the open skies before him.
Disheartened at the sight, I picked him up, brushing my lips to his feathers.
“Fly, Niro,” I whispered, unclipping his wings, feeling a sudden certainty that he would be able to do so. 
Walking over to the threshold of the railing, I threw him to the winds. 
His wings unfurled with a snap and he glided into the bright blue skies of the morning. Watching him go, I felt the necklace I wore begin to warm, and I instantly put my fingers upon it.
Niro’s body became smaller as the seconds drew on, and a tear rolled down my cheeks. I knew it had been a matter of time before I would have to let him free. I brushed the tear away and turned to go back inside when I heard a sharp call.
Niro flew swiftly back onto my extended arm, flapping a few times before settling. I smiled as he rubbed his head against my cheek.
“You need not stay with me anymore,” I said. “Niro, you are free now.”
At those words, Niro flew off my arm and perched onto the railing. He turned to face me and opened his beak, but no sound came out. Instead, black smoke enveloped him as I stepped back, shielding my eyes from the dark fumes.
When the smoke had cleared, standing before me was the Shadow Reaper, smiling, Niro’s body slumped against the ground, lifeless. My eyes widened and I shook my head.
“No, no...” I mumbled, blinking furiously. “This cannot be...”
“Oh, Melanie. I feel almost indebted to you for saving me once more.”
“What?” I nearly shrieked. This must be a nightmare.
“That necklace you have dutifully worn since the day of my defeat? It is a charm of my powers that you have kept alive.” I clawed at the chain, but could not, as if the necklace were a part of me. The Shadow Reaper stepped forward, and I realized I could see straight through him. He smiled at my recognition. “Yes, I am in spirit now. But soon, I will not be.”
“What do you mean?” I choked out, moving away from him until my back hit into the balcony wall.
“Soon I will be reborn as King,” he answered, kneeling before me. “Thanks to you.” I turned my head away from him, a cold wind seeping into the nightgown I wore. No, I could not have. “Melanie, I warned you and you ignored my call,” he hissed, making my heart jump at the vehemence in his voice. “And now you will make the last sacrifice.”
I turned my head in time to see him enter the chamber, looking on in horror at where he was headed: Owen.
Scrambling to my feet, I pounced on the Shadow Reaper, in effort to stop him, only to remember he was not solid. 
I fell to the frigid stone with a grunt as the Shadow Reaper continued on his way towards Owen. Forcing myself up, I raced over to the bed, ignoring the pain in my chest from the fall.
“Please, do not hurt him,” I pleaded, watching the Shadow Reaper study Owen while he slept. There was a smile on his face that could not be a good sign for either of us.
“He is much like Osric,” the Shadow Reaper said, now slightly frowning, “which is a shame, really.”
“What?” I asked, perplexed. Who was Osric?
“May my brother rest in peace,” the Shadow Reaper said, pulling out a sword -the same sword that my own father had given me- into the open. 
He raised it above his head and I cried out, flinging myself onto Owen’s exposed chest to shield him. I flinched, expecting to feel the steel of the Shadow Reaper’s sword cut through me, but I did not.
I slowly lifted myself to peer down at Owen to make sure he was alright when I noticed the Shadow Reaper's sword had poked out of my chest and imbedded into Owen’s.
Gasping, I felt my chest, the sword passing through my hand as if I were not there. I glanced back at Owen, hoping the sword had the same effect on him as it did me.
But it did not.
“Owen?” I whispered, my voice cracking at the sight of his deathly pale face.
The sword glowed fiercely and I covered my eyes from the bright flash. When I opened my eyes, the sword was gone and so was the Shadow Reaper. I gazed back at Owen and my heart skipped a beat at the sight of his unmoving chest.
I flung myself onto him, sobbing.
“Owen, please....” I muttered into his still chest. “Oh, Owen, please be okay....” I cried into the folds of his nightshirt, shaking my head. This was not happening. Not to Owen. I could not have lost him. Not now.
I had lost all sense of time when I felt his chest rise and fall against my cheek. Dazed, I looked up, seeing Owen smile down at me. instinctively, I grinned up at him, relief flooding through my veins. He was all right. 
Leaning forward, I kissed Owen gently, letting him draw me close.
When we parted, I gazed into his eyes, expecting to see his beautiful blue ones. My throat constricted at the sight of bright green eyes winking up at me. Green eyes that belonged to a man that should have been dead.
“I promised you I would be King,” he whispered, “and now I am.”












































ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Samiha Hoque is a student at Midwood High School. She has been writing stories ever since the idea of storytelling was introduced to her. She lives with her large, annoying, but loving family in a small neighborhood she likes to think is perfect. She aspires to be a famous writer, with at least one of her works to be filmed on screen. 
Shadowed is her debut novel. 

