Fanged 
Princess

A Novella

by
Elisabeth Wheatley

Copyright 2012 Elisabeth Wheatley
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved
Published by Chengalera Press

This is a work of fiction. All similarities to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

For the readers, bloggers, editors, and friends
who’ve kept me writing. You guys rock

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine

About the Author
Other Works by Elisabeth Wheatley

Chapter One

“Are you here to kill her?” Damian’s voice is caught between apprehension and aggression as he moves to shield the human girl.  
The girl’s platinum blonde hair falls around her face in feral wisps. Her soft doe-eyes are touched with fear as she watches me from behind Damian. The strings of her pink hoodie sway ever so slightly as she shivers in the cool breeze blowing through the night air.
I sigh. “Damian, if you actually believed I’d do that, you wouldn’t have told me about her.”
Damian hesitates. “But Dad sent you, didn’t he?”
“I haven’t worked as an enforcer in three months,” I respond.
“You know what I meant, Haddie!” Damian snaps.
I respond with a shrug. “He might’ve asked me to come home due to a family emergency. He said if anyone could talk sense into you, it would be your sister.”
Damian curses.
“Come off it, Damian,” I say, dismissively waving my hand. “I didn’t come out here to eat your girlfriend.” I nonchalantly survey the squat, cottage-type houses lining the street. “Cute neighborhood, Madelyn,” I say. “Which house is yours?”
The girl behind my brother looks confused. She gazes up at Damian, but he’s too busy honing his eyes on me. 
“Then why?” His pale, flawless skin is almost luminescent in the dim light. His sharp, angled features show caution, apprehension, and maybe even aggression. His eyes are ice-blue for now. I have no doubts that they’d light up red and his fangs would spring out if I charged the girl. He’s handsome, like most of our species. I can see why Madelyn would fall for him.
“Because I was hoping to find you two before Uncle Devin did,” I say. At the mention of Uncle Devin, fear and hatred roil inside me in equal measures. I keep my face blank and don’t show any of my emotions.
Damian swallows. “Uncle Devin?” His reaction to the news is much calmer than that of an ogre I once helped hunt down. And the ogre had only known Uncle Devin by reputation.
“Yes. Dad called him a few hours ago. He’s flying in from Omaha.” I adjust the sleeves of my sweater. “Uncle Devin is to deal with this situation if I can’t resolve it. You know how he’ll deal with it.” I stare down as I pull my cuffs over my wrists. My mind wanders back to something that happened a year ago. “And FYI, he was tracking a rebel chupacabra’s trail but lost it, so he’ll be in a bad mood.” Soon my sleeves are perfect and I have to stop fussing with them. “Really, Damian, I’m amazed you could be so stupid.”
Damian frowns and shifts.
I vaguely motion between him and Madelyn. “Have you already forgotten what happened when I tried this?” 
My brother grimaces. His eyes drop from my face to my neck. He doesn’t say it, but I know he’s thinking about the scars, the ones hidden by the collar of my sweater.
I pull my turtleneck up self-consciously. I just hope these marks fade before sweater season is over. 
“You can’t help who you fall in love with,” Damian softly says.
I shrug. I’ve never quite bought that theory. I know I could’ve kept myself from falling in love. But I hadn’t wanted to. “Maybe.” 
“So why are you here?” Madelyn asks.
“She speaks! I’m here because we need to run for our lives,” I casually explain.
Madelyn blinks. “What do you mean?”
“Well, more specifically, we need to run for your life.” I cross my arms. “And we need to leave…” I glance down at my wrist in a mocking gesture. “…sometime yesterday. My car’s a few blocks down.”
Damian hesitates. “You’re saying we need to leave?”
I roll my eyes. “Do I have to spell it out for you with shadow puppets? Yes!”
Damian’s jaw clenches with resolve and he nods once. So he does remember what happened a year ago. My brother finally moves away from Madelyn so he’s not planted between us. He turns to her and traces his fingers along the side of her face. “She’s right, Lynn. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, but we need to go.”
Madelyn’s stare flickers between us. “Wait, you don’t think your father would actually kill me, do you?”
“Why not? That’s what he did to Fletcher,” I snap.
Her eyes go wide with confusion and fear. “Fletcher?” She swallows. “Do you mean Fletcher Haverson? I thought he ran away.” 
I blink at her. “I suppose you could say he’s missing. Get your stuff. Now.” I whirl around and march down the sidewalk, my ankle boots clicking. I shout over my shoulder to my brother. “Damian, I’ll meet you at her house. Your stuff’s in my trunk. Hurry up.” 
“But you don’t know which one’s mine!” Madelyn protests.
“I’ll sniff it out,” I retort. As I march off, I can hear them scurrying back toward Madelyn’s house to get what she’ll need. “And try to avoid her parents!” The last thing we need is a stuffy human couple demanding where we’re taking their daughter in the middle of the night.
For a moment, I have doubts. This, what we’re about to do, is going to take commitment. Damian and Madelyn are going to be stuck with each other. I’m not sure for how long, but I’m guessing years, at least. They’re only seventeen. Do they know each other well enough and know themselves well enough to be actually and truly in love? Fletcher and I were their age, but I have never doubted that what we had was real. Still…
I shake my head.
I never expected Damian to fall for a human. What were the odds of it happening to both of our  father’s children? But I don’t bother to marvel at the universe’s sick sense of humor.
Ultimately, it doesn’t matter. Our father will drain Madelyn dry if he ever finds her. He doesn’t mind vampires seducing or feeding off humans. Even though we’re supposedly the supreme race, he doesn’t mind it when we consort with the other Kaiju—werewolves, rusalkas, makaras, koschei, harpies, or the others. But when one of us gets the wild idea to love a human, all hell breaks loose. No exceptions. 
He says it’s a threat to the natural order of things or something like that. I stopped listening to his lectures years ago. 

***

Around eight-thirty, I pull the car into the parking lot of a roadside diner. We’ve been moving all night. Madelyn and Damian slept in the backseat, but I stayed awake and drove. It’s not like I need sleep every night. 
We managed to get out of Madelyn’s neighborhood without getting caught by her parents. Lucky for us, her father has sleep apnea and between his sleep machine and her mother’s earplugs, Madelyn’s parents didn’t hear a thing.
The outside of the diner is done in scuffed chrome and the building’s oblique shape makes me think of an alien landing gone horribly wrong. A collection of rusty, dirty-looking cars and a number of motorcycles are parked haphazardly in back and out front. A few semi trucks loom over the roofs of the other cars. It occurs to me just how out of place my sleek black Lexus is here. Through the diner windows, I can see a few scruffy bikers with pot guts and black leather leaning on the front counter while a waitress with a coffee pot in one hand and a cigarette in the other casually stoops toward them to replenish their cups. 
Humans seem to find that brown stuff appealing, though I can’t imagine why.
The musty smells of diesel, spent cooking grease, cigarettes, and machine oil drift through the air vents of the Lexus. I wrinkle my nose in distaste. I hope Madelyn has a strong stomach. I certainly wouldn’t feed on anything that came from this place.
Uncle Devin’s work took him, and by extension me, into plenty of filthy cesspools. I’ve learned to tolerate them. But I’ve never liked them.
I put the car in park and glance to the backseat. 
Damian shakes Madelyn awake. She groggily yawns and rubs her fists against her eyes. She’s the only person I’ve ever seen who actually does that. 
“Come on, Lynn,” Damian coaxes, opening the side door of the car.
It’s a cloudy October day and there’s a slight chill as Damian steps out. Madelyn shudders, but I hardly notice the draft. Humans, with their higher body temperature, are so much more sensitive to the cold.
Madelyn gets out after Damian, then glances back at me. “Aren’t you coming?”
I shake my head. “I’ll be back in about an hour,” I say.
“Where are you going?” Madelyn’s face is one of confusion.
Must she know everything? “To get food,” I reply, blinking at her with irritation in my amethyst eyes.
She blinks. “But we’re at a…”
I heave a sigh of frustration that drowns out the rest of her sentence. “Not human food, Madelyn.”
Madelyn’s mouth parts and she lets off a soft “oh” before Damian swings the door shut and ends the conversation. 
I watch until the two of them slip inside the diner hand in hand before pulling out. It strikes me how Madelyn, in her pink hoodie and faded jeans with sneakers, and Damian, in his dark jeans, starch-white shirt, and designer jacket, stick out in this place like two sore thumbs. 
I glance down to my own clothes. Long-sleeved black sweater, knee-length dark flared skirt with a fuchsia floral print, and suede ankle boots. I probably stick out, too.
For a moment I stare down at the large, grayed, gaudy silver cross that hangs just below my throat. I’ve never really been one for religion, but I’ve worn this cross since the day I got it.
It’s the only piece of jewelry I’ve brought with me and I realize I should’ve brought some of the pearls or sapphires my father gave me for my sixteenth and eighteenth birthdays. Money’s going to be a problem soon. In addition to the few thousand dollars we snitched before we left, me and Damian both have credit cards, but we can’t risk using them and letting our father know where we’ve been.
I groan and thump my forehead against the top of the steering wheel. There’s so much crap we’ve got to get sorted out. Right now we’re just focused on keeping Madelyn safe. First things first, I’ve got to get food for me and Damian. I saw a sign for a hospital a few miles back and I think that’s the perfect place to start.

***

Once I find the cubicle that passes for a hospital in this semi-civilized region, it isn’t hard to locate and then raid their blood bank. I steal a small cooler from the hospital lab and fill it up with as many blood pouches as I can fit along with the ice. 
I learned a long time ago the importance of acting like you belong so that no one will wonder if you don’t. That old trick works perfectly and no one tries to stop me as I march out the front door, cooler in hand. 
Really, it was too easy. It makes me feel like I cheated somehow.
I drive back to the diner and pull out front to find Damian and Madelyn waiting for me. Damian opens the door and they both slip inside, bringing with them the dirty smells of the diner. I try to hide my reaction and turn my attention back to driving as I steer the Lexus onto the road.
“Breakfast.” I jab one finger at the cooler resting in the passenger seat. 
“Oh, good.” Damian sounds eager, but he doesn’t make a move toward the cooler. We’ll eat later at a rest stop. Somewhere we don’t have to worry about getting our meal all over the Lexus’ sleek interior.
My stomach growls. I haven’t really felt like eating since I found out Damian was in love with a human two months ago. But it seems that the needs of my body are finally overruling the feelings of my mind.
“So…” Madelyn awkwardly clears her throat as I guide the car past seemingly endless corn fields. “Haddie, Damian says you’re attending Stanford.”
I whip my head sideways toward the window. Is the girl trying to make small talk with me? Why can’t she just leave me alone? “I started last month, but considering my immediate schedule is booked with keeping your throat intact, I think I’ll have to drop out.”
Madelyn goes quiet. I’m aware of her pulse rate increasing ever so slightly. Damian senses it, too, and in a moment, his arms are around her as he presses his face to the top of her head. I know he’s glaring at me in the rearview mirror, but I pretend not to notice. The girl’s got to face the facts sooner or later. She made my brother fall in love with her and will pay for it with her life if our father ever catches her.
I imagine the only people our father would rather kill right now are those cursed Falkners or as some call them, the Huntsmen. Uncle Devin and I caught the scent of one once—it was a dusty, sweaty, and yet slightly spicy scent—but we lost his trail and I was pleased because it made Uncle Devin and Dad furious. 
Power lines wave past us. Spotted cows grazing in wide open fields zoom by. A few small farmhouses, some bright and clean, some rotting and decrepit, whizz past.
What am I doing? I ask myself yet again. Am I actually doing all this to protect my brother’s girlfriend? Am I actually going to go through with it? But I already know the answer to that. I made up my mind when our father called me. 
I may not get along with the girl, I may resent her for what she has with my brother, I may miss our big, clean, sweet-smelling house, but I made up my mind. 
Damn the consequences, damn our chances of success.
My brother loves Madelyn with all his heart and I will do everything I can to make sure he doesn’t lose what I did.

Chapter Two

I glance in my rearview mirror anxiously. Central Texas might finally be offering some semblance of the modern age, but I’ve been staring at the same car for the past fifteen minutes. I’m already on edge because Texas is rumored to be where the Huntsmen are most active and this doesn’t make it better.
Damian can tell I’m uneasy and follows my anxious glances. His well-muscled body is tense and his expression is dark.
Madelyn is completely oblivious. She’s staring out the window at the city, trying to get a better look at the suburban landscape whizzing past. The overpass we’re driving on curves and winds like a cement river.
“You know, they call it the Live Music Capital of the World,” Madelyn comments. “Maybe we could spend the night there. It would be good to get out, don’t you think?” 
I snap my jaws together, keeping my fangs from biting into my lip. We’re being followed and she’s discussing tourism? But then again, she doesn’t know we’re being followed, does she?
Damian lays a hand on Madelyn’s shoulder. She glances back to him and smiles, but when he doesn’t smile back, her face goes serious. Damian turns toward me. “We’re going to have to deal with them sooner or later.”
I nod my agreement. 
Madelyn’s eyes go wide. “Deal with who?” Her heartbeat is spiking again.
“There’s a black SUV that’s been following us for awhile,” I drily explain. “I’m guessing that whoever’s inside isn’t about to deliver flowers to the happy couple.”
Damian shoots me a poisonous look in the rearview mirror.
But I gave up my life back home to help him and his human girl and I think I’m entitled to make snide comments when I wish. 
There’s an exit that leads off the overpass coming up on our right. What I’m planning to do would make any driver’s ed teacher roll in their grave, but I expect it will knock that SUV off our trail. 
“Hold on,” I order.
Madelyn gulps. Damian squeezes her hand.
Without turning on my blinkers and with only a cursory head check, I wait until the last possible second and yank the wheel sideways. The car tires squeal on the pavement and someone honks at me as the Lexus jerks into the exit. 
I speed down the off ramp and narrowly miss being clipped by a large U-Haul truck as I cut in front of it. That is met by a loud and infuriated honk from the driver. I shoot a quick glance over my shoulder to the overpass. The black SUV wasn’t able to make the turn in time and will have to wait for the next exit.
“Are you freaking crazy?” Damian demands. “We could’ve been creamed by that moving truck!”
“But we weren’t,” I drily respond. 
“We could’ve hit the concrete curb!” Damian hollers.
“But we didn’t.”
Damian is still fuming.
“Look, you can give me the lecture later,” I interrupt. “In the mean time, we’ve got to get a new car.” The words pain me more than I show. I’ve only had my clean, shiny, perfumed Lexus back three months and now I’ve got to ditch it for good. “They’ll be looking for this one.”
Damian locks his jaw and keeps from making a comment which means he knows I’m right. 
But no one says anything and I see that I’m going to have to make the plan here. I glance around, looking for somewhere for us to steal a new vehicle. The large parking lot of a crowded mall catches my eye. There must be a sale or something going on, because the cars are packed together like sardines. “Okay.” 
I pull into the mall parking lot and slow down to cruising speed. As we go over a speed bump, I can hear our suitcases thumping around in the trunk. Madelyn and Damian bounce on the seats like two bobble-headed ducks. 
“Okay, kids. Help me pick one,” I say, flicking my gaze over the lines of parked, unattended vehicles.
“We can’t steal a car!” Madelyn sputters behind me.
“Would you rather run?” I snap. “We don’t have enough cash to buy one and this car’s too obvious.”
Madelyn stammers. “But it’s wrong!”	
I whip my head back to her. “So is having your veins dried. Which would you prefer?”
Madelyn juts out her jaw and appears to be floundering for a retort. When she looks at me like that, she resembles a platinum blonde bulldog.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see Damian. He agrees with me, but he doesn’t like how easily I accept the fact. He doesn’t like how ready I am to cross lines. 
Seeing that they’ll go along with me even if they don’t like it, I drop the subject of morality and move on to business. I steer the car in a large arch around the edge of the parking lot, keeping us moving even if it is in circles. “Now, are you two going to help me or must I do everything myself?”
I pull the car up on the curb near the front of the mall. I can see shoppers in sweaters and scarves laden with their prizes coming out of the sliding doors. Several of them are too busy texting on their phones to notice the Lexus and almost run into the hood. Some things about humans are the same no matter where you go.
Damian sighs. “What’s your plan?”
I spot something across the parking lot and my hands go tight on the steering wheel. It’s the black SUV pulling into the mall parking lot. I don’t think they’ve spotted us yet. There are at least fifty other black Lexus cars in this parking lot, but it’s only a matter of time before the people in that SUV are on our tails again.
My heart speeds up. Contrary to what many believe, vampires do have beating hearts. “Damian,” I say, an edge of fear in my voice. I’m sure Uncle Devin is in that SUV and I’m just as sure that he’s brought at least a half-dozen subordinate enforcers with him. Damian and I might be powerful, but we’re not that powerful. 
I feel panic rising in my chest. I’m so busy fighting my sudden fear, I can’t think.
Damian’s gaze whips around and he spots the SUV, too. “We should split up.”
Of course we should. Why didn’t I think of that? Oh, yes, because I was freaking out. 
Damian slips one hand into Madelyn’s and reaches for the door handle to get out.
“Wait!” I shoot out a hand and grab his sleeve to stop him. “You two can’t go together.”
Damian glances back at Madelyn. Her eyes are wide. Her hand squeezes Damian’s tighter.
“Why not?” she nervously asks. I can feel fear radiating off her like a million little cold drafts. She wants to stay with my brother. She feels safe with him and we both know he’d die to protect her.
“Because if you two are caught, it’s over for you. So long as one of you gets away, you’ll be safe,” I explain, more for Damian’s sake than hers.
“How can you know that?” Madelyn asks. She’s scared. And she should be.
I don’t want to say how I know that. “I just do,” I coldly reply.
Fortunately, Damian understands what I’m trying to say. “I’ll take the car,” Damian says. “Haddie, you take her inside and try to lose them.” 
I nod. Leaving the keys in the ignition, I step outside the car and skirt around to the other side. I jerk the door open and wait for Madelyn.
Damian’s still holding Madelyn’s hand as he steps out of the car with her. 
She suddenly looks small and frightened and I find that I’m starting to pity her. Madelyn looks up at Damian. She doesn’t want to leave him.
“It’ll be alright, baby,” he whispers. He pulls her closer to him and kisses her full on the mouth.
I look away. I’ve seen people make out in public before and it’s never bothered me, but there’s something about it being my little brother that makes my stomach turn. Fletcher and I kissed, often enough, but never in public. There’s something about the way my brother and Madelyn kiss that makes me firmly suspect that they’ve already done a bit more than this. I force myself not to think about it and clear my throat. “Ahem, ladies and gentlemen, we have murderous vampires inbound.”
That wakes them both up. They come apart and open their eyes. Madelyn furrows her brows and purses her lips together, as if she’s trying to relive their kiss. Damian pulls away and dashes around to the other side of the car.
“Look for an exit on the other side, I’ll be there!” Damian shouts.
I nod my agreement, grab Madelyn just above her elbow, and haul her through the mall’s sliding doors. We’re greeted with the mall’s white, artificial lights and slick tile floors. The shops line up on either side of us, their lit signs vie for our attention as we weave through the waves of shoppers. It’s always annoyed me how people seem to spread out like a living minefield in open public places. I briefly muse how quickly these people would clear out of my path if they knew what I am. 
Madelyn is rigid at my side, but she doesn’t resist as I drag her through the throng of people. She keeps glancing back to the sliding doors where we left Damian. He’s driven the Lexus from the curb and I sincerely hope he’s getting us a new car and that we’ll be able to pull this off. 
Once we’re in the thick of the mall, I slow down to an easy stroll and let go of Madelyn’s arm. I pretend to be looking at an aesthetic display of prom dresses while searching the reflection in the glass for any signs of Uncle Devin or the men I know to be his underlings. I see no trace of Uncle Devin’s gelled head or any of the others.
I pause, drawing a deep gulp of air through my nose. I detect the overwhelming odors of cleaning products, plastic, sugary candy, new leather, and a plethora of other smells that seem to mix together like one completely random science experiment. There’s no trace of Uncle Devin’s musky scent, but my eyes still go wide in horror. I catch a familiar, dusty, sweaty, yet slightly spicy smell. 
I whip my head around. Could it be the Falkners who were following us? I’m not sure how they would’ve known about Damian and I, but if they’re here, then we’re in serious trouble. I survey the shoppers around us.
There’s a woman in ironed slacks and a ruffled blouse who looks Indian speaking with a vender at a jewelry kiosk. To her left is a man in a baseball cap and football jersey resting his hands on the back of a stroller and staring into an electronics shop while his flushed wife yells at him to help with the screaming baby. 
I turn my head the other way and see a trio of laughing teenage girls in tights and shorts that could hardly be shorter—or tighter. Inside the kitchen appliance shop, I glimpse a plump store clerk arguing with an elderly woman over the validity of an expired coupon.
None of these people seem likely suspects, but I guide Madelyn away as fast as I can without drawing attention. 
Are we being hunted by both sides now? If we are, I’m sure I’ll find out soon enough. 
As we make our way toward an escalator leading up to the second level, Madelyn grips my wrist. 
I look to her and for a moment, I think she’s just frightened. Then I follow her gaze to see two men in dress shirts with sunglasses march through the front doors. They look like two clones. From this distance, every detail about them seems identical, from their ironed khakis, right down to their hair being gelled to the left side. 
I recognize them as Jerome and Ayden Thatcher, twin brothers who’ve been working for my uncle for years. I’ve always had trouble telling which was which. They even smell the same.
Deciding not to wait for them to notice us, I casually lead Madelyn through the rows of shops and stores lining either side of the broad walkway. I know they won’t attack us here, in public. Once they spot us, they’ll try and corner us somewhere our screams won’t be heard. 
Madelyn’s body language clearly shows she’s aching to run. It must be taking every ounce of courage in her not to take off like a spooked rabbit. 
I understand. There’s a part of me that’s begging to run from Uncle Devin’s men, too. I can almost feel the tearing pain at my throat again. But I need to keep a level head. I panicked in the parking lot, I won’t afford myself that luxury now. Not when Madelyn’s life depends on me.
Laying a hand on Madelyn’s arm, I draw her aside and pretend to examine the wares of an iPhone cover kiosk. In an instant, the excessively friendly vender asks me if he can help me with anything. I wave him off with a fake smile and say I’m just looking. He starts telling me about some special two-for-one offer they’ve got going, but Madelyn grabs my arm and jerks me around to face her before he can finish.
“Are you nuts?” she demands, her voice on the verge of cracking. “Those guys are after us!”
I glance past her. Sure enough, I can see them pretending to survey the merchandise of a fake cigarette kiosk. The vender of that kiosk appears to be just as friendly as this one and is trying to badger them into a purchase. “Yep,” I agree.
Madelyn’s eyes go wide in frustration and terror. “What are we going to do?” 
I’ve been thinking about that this whole time. I need to do something to get rid of them before Uncle Devin and his other men come at us from the other direction and flush us out like two pigeons. I stare at her, chewing my lip, thinking. Finally, I answer her question. “We do this.” I grab her arm and take off, dragging her along. I pace myself so that she can keep up, refraining from laying on the massive speed my body is capable of. My ankle boots aren’t meant for this and as I fight to keep from stumbling, I make a mental note that I’ll have to trade them for sneakers. 
We run. Madelyn doesn’t know what’s happening, but she follows me. She may not trust me, but she trusts Damian and he handed her off to me. Once or twice, she tries to ask what’s going on, but I jerk her forward before she can finish her question.
People have little more than passing glances to spare for us, which is just as well. I steer Madelyn around the clusters of shoppers. It’s rather like fleeing through a maze.
A glance over my shoulder shows that the two vampires in khakis have taken the bait. They’re running after us, keeping their distance, but dashing after us all the same. 
I see a sign for the bathrooms and angle toward it at a run. The sign is tacked above a beige tiled hallway leading toward two industrial-looking doors with AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY painted across them in red. To our right is the sign marking the men’s bathrooms and to our left is the women’s. I jerk Madelyn toward the women’s bathroom and shove her inside.
She stumbles as I yank her around, but doesn’t say anything. 
The bathroom is lined by empty stalls along one side and granite sinks crowned by a huge, wall-length mirror on the other. The floor is a little slippery and a citrus air freshener has been applied to near toxic levels, but at least the room’s empty. 
I hope the noxious air freshener will dampen our scent, but that’s not why I came in here. 
“There’s only one way out, we’re trapped!” Madelyn gasps.
“Yes, we are,” I answer. “Be quiet.”
Before she can say anything else, I jerk Madelyn to stand with me to the side of the door. I press my back against the wall and listen intently. Straining to hear above the droning bathroom fans, I just make out the faint thump of the Thatcher twins’ shoes rounding into the hallway. Our scent will lead them in here.
Outside the door, they hesitate. They must know we’re cornered. 
I squeeze Madelyn’s arm tighter and the moment the door starts to open, I shove her forward straight in front of it. Fear and betrayal flash across her face, but she doesn’t scream or beg. At least she’s not weak.
I whip my attention back to the doors. The two vampires move forward, making for Madelyn. 
They don’t see me until it’s too late. I ram my booted foot into the hip of the one in front. He loses his balance and staggers sideways. The second one is on guard, and he whirls on me with bared fangs. He swings at me with a balled fist and I duck out of the way, blocking him and ramming my own fist upwards into his jaw. He falls backwards and on the way down the back of his head catches the rim of the granite counter top. There’s a loud thump! and as he slides unconscious to the ground, I see scarlet blood smear on the tiles. 
The second one has recovered by now and he comes at me with his eyes blazing red and his fangs out all the way. I snarl at him, a savage, animal snarl, and dive for him as he lunges for me. He’s faster than his brother and a heavy fist impacts with my gut, driving the air out of my body and seeming to pulverize my organs. I’m knocked backwards against the door of a bathroom stall. It swings open and I narrowly miss hitting my head on the ceramic toilet seat.
I’m fairly certain that I scream, but I can’t be sure. I glimpse Madelyn.
She stands in the open, exposed. I can see she wants to help me, but she knows she’s no good against a fully grown male vampire.
Turning my attention back to my attacker, I scramble to my feet and dodge his second blow aimed at my ribcage. His fist slams into the side of the bathroom stall and punches a large dent into the metal. That would’ve definitely broken a few of my ribs. 
Before he can draw his hand back and swing at me again, I grab his shirt, jerk him toward me, and bring the heel of my hand down on his collarbone as hard as I can. He cries out as a loud cracking sound snaps through the air. Without waiting for him to recover, I slam my hand into the other side, effectively neutralizing his ability to punch.
The vampire sinks to his knees, eyes clenched shut, gasping, holding as still as he can.
I mercilessly whip the toe of my boot into the side of his face, knocking him to the ground. He shouts in pain, both from my boot and his jarred broken bones. 
Stepping away from the subdued vampire, I realize just how hard he punched me. There’s a sharp ache twisting my insides and I hope that jerk didn’t just give me internal bleeding. Not to mention my hand hurts from punching the other one and the heel of my hand from breaking his collarbone. With a soft groan, I waddle over to Madelyn. 
“Are you alright?” she asks, wide-eyed, staring at where the second vampire’s fist dented the bathroom stall.
“I’ll live. I think.” I notice something just past her head and heave a sigh. There’s a security camera. A freaking security camera and it just caught this whole thing. Oh, well. Uncle Devin can worry about keeping the video footage of our vampire duel away from the authorities and off YouTube. What I really need to be worried about is a troupe of mall cops rushing in here and slowing us down. “Come on.” I grab Madelyn’s arm again and pull her back toward the door.
The vampire with the broken collarbone has started moaning. I can’t say I’m sorry for him. Ayden and Jerome once helped Uncle Devin tie me up after I’d disobeyed him. 
“Is he dead?” Madelyn nervously asks, eyeing the unconscious vampire, the one who hit his head on the granite countertop.
I flick my eyes over him. I can still sense a heartbeat. “No,” I tersely respond, flinging the door open and stepping over his prostrate form. 
“Good,” Madelyn sighs.
I don’t see what’s so good about it. Once he heals in a few days, he’ll be after us again. Both of them will be. I understand that Madelyn doesn’t yet understand my father’s pawns like I do, but she’s still going to have to toughen up. Then again, I’m the one leaving them alive. 
I pull her back into the easy, vibrant atmosphere of the mall. My gait is strained, wobbly. With my bruising abs, it’s getting harder to walk. My ankle boots are suddenly seeming unstable.
Madelyn takes my hand. “Haddie, are you alright?”
I push her away. “Fine, fine, I’ll be fine. I just need to feed on some of that blood in the cooler and I should be healed by morning.” 
I notice a few people stare at me as I say that. I smile innocently at them and they go back to what they were doing. Humans can be such sheep.
“Come on.” I hobble away through the crowd. Madelyn trots after me. 
After a little while, the pain in my ribs eases down to a nagging ache and I’m able to walk normally.
We pass through the food court. Here everything smells as greasy as it did back at that diner. Once again I ponder how humans can eat something that smells like that. Fletcher always told me that humans don’t have my sense of smell. Clearly, or else they wouldn’t be so excited to consume the garbage sold here. 
Shoppers sit at the tables in groups of twos and threes, their shopping bags tucked under the table as they laugh and chat. At the far end of the food court, there’s an elderly woman trying to wrangle her two squirming grandchildren into sitting still and eating their hamburgers.
I glance around, scanning the nearby faces for a threat. Everything looks fine until I glance over my shoulder. There he is, Uncle Devin, not twenty yards away. The greasy odors of the food court must’ve hidden his scent.
His clean white dress shirt and black blazer are looking fresh and orderly. A reminder that he’s the one who can act on his own time. His eyes are hidden by a pair of designer sunglasses and I can’t tell if he’s seen me or not. 
The scars on my neck seem to burn hot. We can’t let him catch us. I know I can’t best Uncle Devin, believe me, I’ve tried. I shoot my gaze around our surroundings, I spot the doors to the other mall entrance. The one Damian said he’d meet us at. I think he’s had enough time. He should be ready. If not, we’re screwed.
Uncle Devin is flanked a by heavy-set man I don’t recognize. The second man doesn’t strike me as a vampire, though I know he must be a Kaiju. Uncle Devin would never bring a human. Frankly, I’m surprised he’d bring anything but other vampires. There’s a reason our species has ruled the other Kaiju for centuries.
The second man’s drooping jowls and squat, bulky build lead me to believe he must be a troll. There’s no one stronger than a troll. But there’s no one faster than a vampire.
I kick off my suede ankle boots, trying not to think about the three hundred dollars they cost me last month. If I’m going to run again, I won’t be able to do it in heels. I yank off my stockings, too. I’ll need traction.
“What are you doing?” Madelyn asks.
I lean forward and drop my voice. “Keep calm.”
That makes her go tense because now she knows I’ve seen something. “What is it?” she whispers.
I don’t answer, but I wrap my hand around her wrist and cautiously lead her in the direction of the doors. They’re still a good fifty yards off. In my peripheral vision, I see Uncle Devin and the troll move through the crowd at a deliberate pace after us. 

Chapter Three

Gulping down a lump in my throat, I try not to show that I’ve seen them. In front of me, I spy another man in a dress shirt and khakis with sunglasses. I tense. He’s heading toward us, cutting us off. 
In a few moments, we will be cornered. Suddenly, I’m not so sure that Uncle Devin will bother with getting us somewhere private. He just might take us both right here for all the world to see, never mind the mess he’d have to clean up. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I see Uncle Devin jerk his head. A moment later, a fourth man is closing in on us from the side, trying to drive us away from the doors. They’re everywhere. I feel panic rising in my chest again, and I focus on stomping it down. 
They’ve forced my move. I’ve got to risk it. I don’t see any other way out. 
I tighten my hold on Madelyn’s wrist, warning her that something’s about to happen. An instant later, I take off. I race as fast as I possibly can while dragging Madelyn alongside me. She fights to keep up as my bare feet slap against the tile. 
I charge straight for the vampire who was closing in on us from the side. He’s not sure what the heck I’m doing and hesitates. That gives me just enough time to whip my fist across his face and dart past him. 
Shoving through the confused shoppers, I jerk Madelyn forward mercilessly. As we break outside into the light of a cloudy autumn day, I can hear Uncle Devin, the troll, and the other vampire barreling forward, trying to stop us. Uncle Devin and the other vampire aren’t hampered by a human and we have seconds, at best, before they’re tackling us to the pavement. 
Frantically, I whip my gaze up and down the curb in front of the door. Where’s Damian? Have they already caught him? I feel a sick sensation of dread. I know exactly what they’ll do to Madelyn once they take us all back to New England. The idea of my brother having to see what I saw—
The squealing of tires to my left catches my attention. I spot a mocha-brown Corolla with a stuffed teddy bear dangling from the rearview mirror come leaping over the speed bumps. Damian jerks the car to a halt and I dart forward to fling the door to the backseat open. 
I hurl Madelyn inside and leap after her, slamming the door shut. “Go, go, go!” I scream to my brother, shoving the door locks into place.
Uncle Devin and the other vampire burst out of the mall and make straight for us. I wouldn’t put it past them to smash the windows and physically drag us out. 
Damian floors the accelerator and the Corolla leaps forward, bouncing over the speed bumps and narrowly missing careless shoppers. I’m jostled sideways and my head smacks off the window. For a moment, I see stars. Now I’ve got a very bad headache on top of everything else. I fumble with my seat belt, trying to get it buckled across my body without touching my tender torso. 
I glance back to see Uncle Devin and the other vampire chasing after us. They’re keeping pace with the car, but they’re too far behind to catch us.
Damian yanks the car out of the parking lot and toward the freeway. I lean against the back of my seat, hoping Damian was able to transfer our luggage. I’m going to need blood if I want these bruises clear up.
“Are you alright?” Damian pants, looking at Madelyn in the rearview mirror.
Madelyn breathlessly nods. 
“Good.” Damian reaches one hand back and Madelyn catches it. She presses his hand to her face and closes her eyes, doubtless trying to calm her racing pulse.
“Are you alright?” she anxiously asks.
“Me? I’ve got you, I couldn’t be better.” Damian gives her a huge, beaming grin. 
Madelyn nervously smiles back.
“Both hands on the wheel,” I interject.
Damian pats Madelyn’s knee before returning his hand to the steering wheel.
Madelyn takes a deep breath and flops back against the seat, staring out the window.
Bitterly, I remember a time when Damian used to always be worried about me. Even though I know that Madelyn should be more important to him, I feel jealous. “And I’m alive, too,” I growl. “Just in case either of you cares.” 
Madelyn seems to remember me. “I’m sorry. I should’ve—”
“Don’t,” I cut her off. “Don’t bother. I’m…I’m fine.” I shift in my seat, stifling a groan. 
“Haddie?” Damian glances anxiously to me. “What happened?”
“I got sucker-punched by another vampire, that’s what happened,” I hiss. 
“Are you going to be okay?” 
Am I? “Just get us out of here and then take me somewhere I can feed.” I really, really hope that Damian got the cooler or else I’m going to have to find another blood bank to rob. It’s not like Damian would let me take a bite of Madelyn and I wouldn’t do it anyway. 
Madelyn. We had a close call today. Two close calls. And the longer we evade Uncle Devin, the worse it’s going to get. Dad will send more and more enforcers after us. I begin to think that if we keep this up for more than a few months, he may just put a bounty on all our heads and be done with it. Particularly me since this is far from my first offense. 
If we’re going to keep this up, if we’re going to keep Madelyn alive, we need protection or at least allies. But who would be allies to a rebellious vampire prince and princess? None of my father’s subjects, that’s for sure. Queen Tatiana of the Seelie Faery Courts might help us. But I don’t see how we’re going to get to Ireland to ask her. It’s not like faeries have cell phones. In fact, they despise most human technology.
As if summoned by my thoughts, a ringtone chirps from the direction of Madelyn. I didn’t realized she still had her phone. She fumbles for a moment before tugging an iPhone from her back pocket. She hits a button on the screen and holds the phone to the side of her head.
“Hi, Mom,” she neutrally says. 
I hear a strained, frantic voice on the other end of the line.
“No, Mom. I’m fine.” 
The voice says something I can’t make out.
Damian tenses, trying to watch Madelyn in the rearview mirror. I wave at him to watch the road and he reluctantly obeys.
“Well, tell Dad I can’t,” Madelyn replies. “Mom, I’ll be eighteen in seven months.” Madelyn groans and rolls her eyes. “Yes, Mom. I’m with Damian. No you didn’t, Dad! You adored Damian! Put Mom back on the line. I don’t know when I’ll be back home. Well, right now we’re driving through—” 
I reach over and snatch Madelyn’s phone. “Hello. Mr. and Mrs. Philips?” I say in my sweetest tone. 
A gruff man’s voice blares into the speaker. “Who’s this?”
“This is Hadassah Chadwick, Damian’s sister.”
“What are you doing with Madelyn?” a frantic, strained woman’s voice pleads. Somehow, I can’t picture that hysterical voice belonging to the mother of the calm girl beside me.
“I’m not doing anything with her. I’m trying to keep her safe.”
Madelyn tries to grab her phone back, but I scoot out of her reach. 
“Is Madelyn in danger?” the woman’s voice gasps.
“You tell your little creep of a brother that when I get my hands on him—”
“Look, Madelyn has to stay away for awhile. Things are kind of complicated, but you can be sure that neither I nor Damian will let anything happen to her. Now, say goodbye to your daughter and try not to make idiots of yourselves, because she won’t be able to call you again for awhile.”
Madelyn indignantly pries her phone out of my grip. “Mom? Dad? I…I love you guys.” 
On the other end of the line, I can hear Madelyn’s parents clamoring like two angry seagulls. 
She tries reasoning with them for about five minutes, but finally gives up. “I love you,” she softly repeats. “I’ll be home soon.” 
I notice her face is wrinkled in sadness as she hits the END button and closes the iPhone screen. Quick as a viper, I shoot a hand forward and seize her iPhone. Rolling down my window, I chunk it out the car.
Madelyn gives off an indignant shriek, as would any normal, healthy American girl. “You just threw away my phone!”
“Uh-huh,” I agree. 
Madelyn sputters furiously, unable to pick words.
“Look, sweetheart,” I begin, a patronizing tone in my voice. “My uncle generally doesn’t send law enforcement after people he’s chasing because he doesn’t like the complication of paperwork. He is, however, more than happy to track cell phones. That’s probably how they found us in the first place. I was stupid, I should’ve thrown your phone away back in New England, and for that, I’m deeply sorry. Plus, I can’t have you telling your parents where we are and have them put out an Amber Alert for you.”
Madelyn glares at me. “You could’ve asked,” she hisses.
I smirk at her. “Could’ve. But I didn’t feel like it. You see, being punched makes me cranky.”
Madelyn sucks in her bottom lip as she remembers why I was punched. I was protecting her. For a moment, I think she’s going to apologize, then she says, “You’re always cranky!”
I get a look of mock-realization on my face. “That is very true.”
“Alright, girls,” Damian interrupts. “No fighting amongst my women, please.”

***

We pull over for a few minutes to douse ourselves and the car in some wolfsbane oil I keep in a spritzer bottle. It should throw Uncle Devin and the others off our scent if only for a little while. Afterwards we drive to a small suburb a few miles outside of Austin and around seven in the evening, park the Corolla in an alley behind an abandoned office building awaiting demolition. Then we walk about five blocks with our luggage—Damian was able to transfer our suitcases—to a motel that looks like the set for a bad horror movie. 
We slip a few bills to the fat, balding man at the front desk. His Hawaiian shirt is faded and stained with barbecue sauce and from the smell of him, I think he might do drugs. He casts Madelyn a leering grin with missing teeth and I think Damian seriously considers throttling the creep—I know I do—before toting our luggage up the creaking metal stairs to Room 26 on the second level. 
In spite of the less than impressive reception, the room seems to be tolerably clean. There are two queen-sized beds with matching, patterned bedspreads and tan carpeting on the floor. The blinds to the room’s one window are open to allow the artificial light from the streetlamp below to bleed through. There’s a bathroom in the back and through the open door, I can see a minimalist shower and a white ceramic sink. While I can smell cockroaches and mice have been somewhere in the room, I don’t see any signs of them. 
Damian flicks on the light and we shuffle inside. 
My ribs are still sore and Madelyn, out of pity I suppose, carried in my Louis Vuitton suitcase. Though with a bit of the blood in the cooler, I should be fine in a few hours. 
Madelyn kicks off her sneakers and flings herself down on the bed closest to the door. She buries her face in one of the pillows and exhales an exhausted sigh.
Damian piles the luggage in a semi-organized heap and flops down next to her.
They don’t touch, but I still find myself fidgeting. Though I can’t rightly expect everyone to practice chastity, I find myself wishing my brother would. 
Trying not to look at them, I open the cooler and place it inside the small refrigerator in one corner of the room. But the door won’t close with the cooler inside, so I take all the blood pouches out and store them on the racks. 
I take one and put it in the bathroom. Then I go to my luggage and fish out a clean change of clothes before going back inside. I pile my clean clothes on the corner of the sink and shut the door behind me. 
If Madelyn or Damian wants to shower, they can have theirs after me. Considering I was the one that was in a fight today, I tell myself I’ve earned it. I pull my turtleneck over my head first. In the mirror, I can see my torso—a dark purple patch where I was punched. I tilt my head back and survey my neck in the reflection. Once more, I wonder if these marks will fade in time for spring. 
I glance to the pouch of blood. I fed yesterday, but feeding again now will speed getting rid of my bruises and help heal my knuckles. I raise the plastic pouch to my mouth, I can see the thick, scarlet blood moving inside. Would Madelyn disapprove of me stealing from a hospital? Probably. But it wasn’t like I took a rare blood type. The bag reads O-Positive. 
Just like a human mouth waters, my fangs slide down. I punch them directly into the plastic and draw the sticky stuff into my mouth. It flows down my throat rich and sweet as I drink. Blood is even better warm and without the noxious aftertaste of anticoagulants, but since I found out just how much a vampire’s bite hurts, I haven’t had the heart to hunt humans. I have never killed anyone and most hosts don’t even remember it, but it’s one thing to know something hurts and another entirely to experience it. Unluckily for me, a vampire’s venom doesn’t work on other vampires.
Damian will probably avoid feeding on live humans from now on, too. At least around Madelyn and at least when it can be helped. 
Once I’ve sucked the pouch empty, I toss it in the trash can. I doubt medical waste is something that will bother the staff here. I strip off my remaining clothes and step into the shower. The water reeks of chlorine, but at least it’s heated. I scrub away the dark grime sticking to the bottoms of my feet from walking on asphalt and rinse off the blood that ran down my chin and neck. 

***

When I emerge a half hour later, Damian is lying on his back with his eyes closed. Madelyn is snuggled up next to him, her eyes closed, too. Though her heart rate isn’t quite that of a sleeper, I can tell she’s close.
She’s so fragile, so human. I wish there was something we could do to make her less vulnerable. Maybe we could have her drink either Damian’s or my blood. A vampire’s blood is like a super-steroid for a human. It makes them stronger, quicker, helps them heal faster, and sharpens their senses. That’s where the myth that humans could turn into vampires came from.
The only problem is, the benefits would wear off after awhile. And I’m not sure what the side effects might be after extended periods. Then there’s the question of whether or not Madelyn would even drink our blood…
Adjusting the towel wrapped around my head, I clear my throat as I sit down on the bed across from them. I rest my hands on my knees. The rough texture of my Calvin Klein jeans scratches against my palms. Already, the skin over my knuckles is almost completely healed.
Damian cracks his eyes open and looks to me. 
“We need to talk,” I say.
Damian opens his eyes all the way. “What about?”
“About what we’re going to do.”
Madelyn’s eyes flicker open. She sits up and stares at me. 
Damian props himself up on his elbows. “We keep Madelyn away from Dad and Uncle Devin.”
Madelyn gulps.
I sigh. “Yes, but how are we going to do that?” 
“What we’re doing’s worked so far,” Damian argues.
“So are we just going to keep this up, then? Are we going to spend the rest of our lives hiding in cheap motels and stealing cars?” I fold my arms across my chest. “We ran away like that because it was the only option at the time. But you both know we have to find a permanent solution.” 
Madelyn shifts and looks to Damian.
“What do you suggest we do?” Damian snaps.
“We need help,” I say.
Damian scoffs. “Help? Who’s going to help two runaway vampires and a hunted human?”
I grind my teeth together. This is something I’ve been considering since this afternoon. It’s something I most certainly don’t want to risk, but I can’t see another way. “The Falkners might.”
Damian looks at me for a moment, then gives a bitter laugh. “The Huntsmen? They kill Kaiju, they don’t help us.”
I nod. “Yes. But there were rumors that one had befriended an ondine. They’re also sworn to protect humans from us. So they might help keep Uncle Devin and Dad away from Madelyn.”
Madelyn looks about to say something, but Damian doesn’t notice.
“Yeah. And they’ll mount our heads on stakes,” he retorts.
“I’m willing to die to keep Madelyn safe.” It comes out sounding like a challenge. But it is true. Because all I’ve got left is my brother and if I could die in his stead to save Madelyn, I would.
Damian sighs. “Ondines are sea dwellers. They don’t have the reputation vampires do. Not to mention that you and I have a certain Transylvanian count as an ancestor.”
I make an intelligible sound. “I don’t like it any more than you do. I like it less, if anything. But aside from running away and hiding in the Andes Mountains, I don’t know what else we can try.”
Damian sits upright and faces me. “So even if we decided to risk it, how do you plan to find the Huntsmen?”
“Do you remember I told you Uncle Devin and I tracked one awhile back, but lost him?”
“Uh-huh,” Damian apprehensively nods.
“I caught that scent today at the mall. If I can catch it again, I might be able to find him. Talk to him.”
“How do you know Uncle Devin didn’t catch it, too? Maybe he’s sent men after them already,” Damian reasons.
“True. But I won’t know unless I find it, now will I?”
Damian shifts. “No, you won’t.” 
I blink at him.
He rises to his feet. “I’ll go.”
I don’t think Madelyn gives it a thought as her hand shoots forward and grips his as though he’s about to blow away. “Damian…” she whispers.
“You don’t know what he smells like,” I counter, staring up at my brother.
“You could describe it to me,” Damian argues. “Look, you’ve already been hurt once today and I don’t want to go for a second time.”
I scoff. “Damian, this bruise is nothing compared to what Uncle Devin can give for laughs.”
“You’re the one who pointed out that Madelyn and I should stay apart,” Damian counters.
“Hey!” Madelyn shouts. She yanks on Damian’s arm and forces him to look at her. Her eyes flick back and forth between us. “I knew it was dangerous, being with you, Damian. And I didn’t care. I came with you anyway because I love you and it doesn’t matter what that costs me. But if I can’t be with you, then this whole damn thing’s kind of pointless, isn’t it?”
I stare at her with hollow eyes. Love. The same kind of love that left a gaping wound in my heart when it was torn away.
“So if you’re going after this Huntsman, then I’m coming, too,” she announces. Madelyn bores her eyes into Damian’s. “I’m not afraid,” she quietly whispers.
Looking at the resolve written across Madelyn’s face, I’m fairly certain we would have to hog tie her if Damian wanted to leave her a second time. “He’s not going after the Huntsman,” I say, rising to my feet. “I am.”

Chapter Four

I take the Corolla back to the mall and leave it at a far corner of the parking lot. I don’t expect I’ll be needing it again anyway. Dim streetlights illuminate the mostly empty parking lot, a few roosting pigeons wreath the mall’s roof. A stray cat darts in front of me as I make my way toward the main building. It’s close to nine o’clock and the mall is closed now. Still, the signs outside are lit.
Cars drone by on the highway and overpass behind me. It’s a lonely feeling to be here on my own. Instinctively, I glance around searching for any sign of Uncle Devin and his men. I breathe in deeply through my nose, trying to detect even the faintest whiff of them. But I catch nothing. 
After all, why would they expect us to come back here?
Once I’ve satisfied myself that Uncle Devin didn’t choose to linger, I pace to the sidewalk that runs around the mall like a miniature wrap-around porch. The mall is locked up for the night and unless I wanted to break in, going inside isn’t an option. But I figure that if the Huntsman went in, odds are he came out through one of the doors. 
It takes about fifteen minutes before I find it, that dusty, sweaty, slightly spicy scent. It’s a few hours old, but I doubt its owner can have gotten far. Without going back for the car, I take off into the night at brisk jog. I know Uncle Devin will be scouring this whole region for us and every minute counts. The sooner I can get help or confirm we need to keep running, the better. 
I told Damian to steal another car and get out of here if I’m not back by nine tomorrow morning. I wish I were able to call him, but I had him leave his phone behind like I did with mine. Though I’m not sure Madelyn’s phone is what led them to us, I’m furious with myself. I feel like I should’ve been more vigilant or something. 
My brother is depending on me and I feel like I’m failing him.
I run at a steady pace that’s easy to maintain since I’ve fed tonight. I keep out of streetlights and plain sight when I can, but sometimes it can’t be helped. I smell most people before I see them and I’m usually able to avoid coming into their view. When letting them see me is unavoidable, I ignore them and for the most part they do the same. There’s one weighty man in a tattered muscle-shirt that tries to stop me. I run around him and keep going. For whatever reason, he doesn’t chase me. And if he had, he would’ve found out just why you shouldn’t bother strangers.
It’s a good thing I’m wearing sneakers now, because the Huntsman’s trail leads me quite a few miles outside the city to a semi-rural suburb. This neighborhood is one of those where there are woods all around the houses and large tracts of land stretching out behind the backyards. There are even few deer dozing on some of the front lawns. 
Here, the natural ruggedness of the Texas landscape seems to spill over into the yards. While this is technically a subdivision, many of the houses are hidden from each other by the thick tangle of juniper trees, live oaks, mesquites, and climbing weeds that press in around them.
I follow the Huntsman’s trail to a sizable house placed about fifty yards back behind the trees from the asphalt road. Here, the scent is decidedly stronger. It must be where he lives, or at least spends a good deal of his time. Judging by the number of trucks parked in the garage and in the gravel driveway, at least a half dozen adults live here.
I stop and catch my breath. Even I lose my breath after a run that long.
I survey the house. It’s a split-level ranch house with a mostly limestone exterior. Even though it’s well past ten at night, most of the lights are still on and someone’s baking something with a lot of butter in it. I think the house reminds me of a very rugged Better Homes and Gardens display. While it clearly has a feminine flair in the decoration and neatly tended rose bush out front, there’s also a certain practicality and fortified quality to the house’s design that makes me think that this might very well be where the Falkner family lives.
What my father wouldn’t give to find this…
Taking a deep breath, I march down their driveway, the gravel crunching beneath my sneakers. I adjust my jacket and pull up the collar of my deep purple turtleneck. Like any woman, I smooth my raven-black hair and redo my ponytail. A number of strands came loose during my run here. 
By the time I’m marching up their well-lit front porch, I think I look presentable. I pause as my forefinger hovers inches from the doorbell. I try to think this through. What am I going to say? I try to get it all straight in my head. Is this the best course of action? Well, ringing the front doorbell is more likely to inspire goodwill than breaking through a window, but…
Taking a deep breath, I jab the little button and hold it in as a loud ring sounds inside the house. 
A dog, probably some sort of hound, barks in excitement and flings its body against the other side of the door. Human voices shout inside and a jovial woman’s voice laughs as it draws nearer. There’s a brief commotion and I’m guessing that someone’s holding the hound dog back. 
The door swings open. Inside, there’s a plump woman somewhere in her fifties with a head of neatly trimmed short gray hair and rectangular glasses. Her handmade floral apron is powdered in flour and her house-shoes attest to a meticulous nature. She greets me with a warm, friendly smile, if with a bit of apprehension. She takes me in with the air of one experienced in the art of reading people—she sees a teenage girl alone on her front porch at half past ten.
“Hello,” the woman says. “Can I help you?” 
Past her, I can see a boy in his mid-teens holding back a coonhound. The coonhound’s tail frantically whips from side to side. Past them, I can see an extensive collection of swords, firearms, knives, and assorted weapons mounted to the walls in neat displays. I’m more certain by the second that this is the residence of the Huntsmen.
“Um, hello,” I stammer, trying not to imagine what those weapons have been used for. I pull myself together. I’m here to offer a business proposition—sort of. As such, I can be businesslike. “Is this the Falkner’s residence?” I politely query.
The woman bobs her head. “That’s right, honey.”
My heart seems to flip in my chest. Though there are certainly other Falkners in Central Texas besides the Huntsmen, what are the odds of me tracking a Huntsman’s scent and coming to the wrong house? I hide the excitement, triumph, and fear that surge through me at once. “I’m Hadassah Chadwick.” I extend a hand and the woman shakes it. I know she wouldn’t be half as quick to do that if she had any idea who or what I am.
“Mary Falkner,” the woman says.
“Huh-doss-uh.” The boy holding the coonhound sounds out my name as if trying it out. “That’s neat. Is it Arabic?”
“Hebrew,” I reply, surprised at his question.
“Hmm,” the boy says. “It’s pretty.”
“Luke, put Bear in the yard. What can we do for you, Hadassah?” Mary Falkner asks.
The boy drags the dog, presumably Bear, away from the door and out of sight.
“I…” I hesitate. “I have a problem.”
Mary’s brow wrinkles. “What kind of problem?”
“A very specific sort of problem…I was led to believe that your family could help me.” I swallow. I don’t know how else to phrase this question without seeming suspicious. Just in case I am at the wrong house, I don’t want rumors of a nutty girl looking for a monster-hunting family to spread.
Mary Falkner’s attention is definitely on me now. “And what sort of problem would you have?”
I straighten. She’s going to make me be the one to say it. “Vampires.”
When Mary Falkner doesn’t laugh and call me crazy, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that I’m at the right house. 
“You’d best come in,” Mary sighs, swinging the door open wider and waddling away. I’m guessing she’s headed for the kitchen. “I’ll get James, he’s the one to talk to about these things. Chase should be home any minute…”
I stand there, on the threshold, not sure what to do. I wait a moment. “Ma’am!” I nearly shout it. I think it’s best I tell her now, here, while I have the open space of their yard at my back and I can run away if it turns out these Falkners are going to try and kill me. 
Mary Falkner pauses. “Is something wrong?”
I sigh and look to the side, then back to her. “There’s something you should know first.” 
She watches me silently, waiting
I take a deep breath. “I am one.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m a vampire.”
Mary goes rigid. She seems to be waiting for me to pounce. She eyes me up and down and it doesn’t escape me that she looks to the wall of weaponry. 
I keep still. It’s highly likely that one of the Huntsmen is behind me, waiting to see what I’m going to do. 
Mary looks skeptical. “Is this some sort of joke?”
“Nope.” Planning on proving it to her, I open my jaws and drop down my fangs. For a moment, they gleam bone-white in the porchlight before I draw them back up into my skull and close my mouth.
“James?” Mary shouts, glancing back down the hallway. “James, come here!” Outwardly, she looks perfectly calm, but there’s an edge of anxiety and fear in her voice.
I keep my hands in plain sight and remain unmoving. I know that’s the reason she hasn’t screamed or tried reaching for something on the wall. Whether this was a bad idea or good idea, there’s no turning back now.
In a few moments, a man reeking of beer, stalks in from the other room, I’m guessing the living room. In spite of his pungent alcohol odor, there’s nothing drunk in his appearance. A worn John Deere baseball cap is perched atop his head. A dark red beard bristles over the lower half of his weathered face. His jeans and plaid shirt have a few stains, but have been washed recently and his boots are clean if a bit scuffed. 
The man who smells of beer, I’m guessing he’s James, walks up to Mary and touches her shoulder. “What’s up, hon?”
Mary jerks her head toward me. “Vamp.”
As a look of horror and aggression comes over his face, I realize how stupid this plan was. I have been a complete and total moron thinking that the Falkners might help my brother and me. But it’s just James and Mary right now, and if I hurry, I can get away before they rouse any of the others, the young men who we call the Huntsmen.
I whirl around, planning to dash back the way I came. But something heavy and solid smacks into my face. My vision goes blurry and the next thing I know, there’s blood coming out my nose, I’m flat on my back, and the barrel of a sawed-off shotgun is rammed against my sternum.

Chapter Five

I’m going to die. For a moment, that one thought seems to consume all of me so that I can hardly feel the sharp pain in my face. 
My gaze trails up the barrel of the shotgun as I look to the man who’s going to kill me. He’s in his early to mid twenties with dark close-cropped, military style hair and a close-shaven face. His body is wound tense like a coil about to spring as he waits for me to move so he can pull the trigger. The rippling muscles in his arms stick out under his t-shirt as he clenches the shotgun. His face is an angled, fierce portrait.
I’m panting in terror and I catch his scent—dusty, sweaty, yet slightly spicy. How ironic that the one I followed here is going to be the one to kill me. 
“Chase!” Mary exclaims.
The man towering over me doesn’t take his eyes off my prone form. “You alright, Mama? Dad?”
“Yeah, we’re fine,” James assures him.
Great. The guy with the shotgun thinks I was trying to hurt his mama. I am so very dead.
James and Mary totter off into the house, to do what, I’m not sure. They probably expect a horde of vampires now that I’m here.
“How did you find us?” Chase demands, pressing the shotgun barrel harder against my chest.
When he squeezes that trigger, there isn’t going to be much left of my chest. The idea scares the crap out of me and I just hope it’ll be quick. I pull myself together. There have been a few times before when I thought about dying. Many times, actually. I always decided that I would take my death without begging, crying, or letting the person who killed me know I was afraid. I inhale deeply, ignoring the press of the shotgun barrel on my chest. “Well, frankly,” I say nonchalantly, “you smell.” And yet I didn’t smell or hear him as he came up behind me. Even if he’d gone swimming in wolfsbane, I should’ve heard him. That’s just one more thing that’s my fault, I suppose.
Chase swears. “How many more are there?” he demands. 
I play dumb. “What do you mean?”
Chase’s jaw goes tight and he jabs me with the shotgun. “Don’t play around, vamp.”
“I’m alone and it’s Hadassah.” I rest my head on the wooden porch and stare up at him with a face of pure serenity.
Chase frowns. “What?”
“My name is Hadassah,” I say. “You must be Chase.” 
Chase’s eyes flash irritation. “Don’t think for a second I believe that you’re alone,” he growls.
“Oh, I never expected you to believe it. But you know what they say: Honesty is the best policy.” I try to focus on baiting Chase and not let myself think about how close I am to facing the Great Unknown.
“What do you want?” Chase has so much aggression in his voice, so much hostility. I don’t think I’ve ever heard a human speak like this.
“Like I told your mother, I need help.” I watch Chase’s eyes. If he’s going to kill me, I want him to remember my face for the rest of his life.
“With?”
I heave a theatrical sigh. “That is a rather long story with lots of subplots.”
“Start!” he orders. Chase thumps the shotgun against my chest again. This time it’s so hard it drives the air out of my lungs. That seems to be happening to me a lot today.
My head rolls back as I gasp for air. 
“What’s that?” Chase is looking at me with his head tilted to one side. “Pull down your collar,” he gruffly commands.
“Do I look like a stripper?” I growl, stifling a cough.
Chase glowers down at me. “Do I look patient?” 
No, he doesn’t.
“Pull your collar down and don’t try anything, or I blast you to hell,” Chase hisses. 
I scowl up at him, but do as he commands. I pull down the collar of my turtleneck and show him what I’ve tried so hard to hide these past months.
There is a collection of scars from deep puncture wounds left by fangs and shallower teeth marks running along the line of my jugular vein. Some of them are still in the red stages of scarring, others are paler and look like little calluses. Every single one of them hurt very, very much.
Chase stares down at the marks. “You really pissed somebody off, didn’t you?”
I make no reply. What I did to earn these is not something I want to talk about. “On multiple occasions,” I smoothly add.
“So start explaining your problem,” Chase orders.
I blink up at him. “You want me to give you my life story on your front porch while you have me pinned with a shotgun?” 
“Yep.” Chase gives a curt nod.
“What will the neighbors think if they see this?” I ask.
“I’ll tell them you were an escaped psych ward patient who tried to kill me. Our house has a way of attracting murderous psych ward patients.”
“Hmm. I imagine it does.”
“Who else knows where we live?” Chase demands.
“I don’t know. I caught your scent at the mall and followed you here,” I answer. 
“Why did you follow me?”
I’m starting to hope that I might get out of this alive. There seems to be a small chance. “I told you, I came to ask for your help.”
“Hmm.” Chase looks contemplative. “Don’t move,” he growls. He draws the shotgun barrel away from my sternum.
I hide my sigh of relief. Automatically, I pull forward to stand up. Before I can even prop myself up on my elbows, Chase turns the shotgun around and brings the back of the gun, the stock, straight down on my face.

***

He’s in pain, so much pain and I’m so damn useless. I’ll kill them. I’ll kill them both. I keep fighting with my handcuffs, snarling, cursing, and thrashing. But I can’t move. I scream his name.
“Fletcher!” My voice echoes as I jolt awake from my nightmare. It’s been awhile since I’ve relived that night. One advantage of not sleeping.
I glance around. I appear to be shackled to the wall of a cinderblock basement. Florescent lights hang from the ceiling, giving the room an industrial, uninviting look. There’s a metal table and chairs directly under the florescent lights. Shovels, picks, nets, traps, the implements of a hunter hang on the walls opposite me. In my corner, there’s nothing but the cemented iron ring holding me in place.
James is sitting backwards in a chair, facing me. Behind him, Chase is sharpening something at the table along with another young man who is probably a cousin or other close relative by his appearance. He’s just longer and lankier in build.
My face is slightly sore from being smacked twice by Chase. Though it’s nearly healed now. I meet James’ gaze. 
“Good morning,” he humorlessly says. “Did you sleep well?”
“Yes, thank you,” I lie, my voice like honey.
“Hmm. Who’s Fletcher?” James asks.
I screamed his name out loud, didn’t I?
“You kept saying his name, over and over.”
I glare at James. “Be very, very careful what you say about him, Huntsman.”
To my surprise, he doesn’t push me further.
I straighten. I’ve been lying in a piled heap. “What time is it?” I ask.
“Why do you want to know?” James counters. He’s clearly the leader here. If he’s also the father of Chase and the other Huntsmen, he would be.
“Because we have until nine,” I respond.
“What happens at nine?” 
“My brother leaves without me,” I explain. “You see, if I wasn’t back by nine, he was to assume you’d killed me and get out of here.” 
“Hmm. Where’s he going?” James wonders. By his unhurried response, I’m guessing we have a few hours.
I shrug. “Away from here.”
“You told Mary and Chase that you have a problem. What is it?” James probes. 
“You mean, aside from the part where I’m handcuffed in a basement being held by three armed men against my will?” I don’t really expect a reply, but I bat my eyes at him patronizingly. “Well, aside from that, I came here because I understand that you and your kind are dedicated to protecting humans from the likes of me.”
James watches me. His eyes are a predator’s eyes, a wolf’s eyes. 
Chase and the other young man at the table are staring at me, too. But I look straight into James’ face and ignore them. 
I continue. “There’s this girl. This human girl and my brother and I want to keep her safe.” 
James’ face remains neutral, contemplative. I can’t tell if he believes me or if he’s calling me a lying bitch inside his head. “Why would two vamps protect a human?”
I shift, casually sweeping a hand over my pant leg. “Because, my brother happens to be in love with this particular human.”
Chase scoffs from the metal table. The other young man stifles a sneering laugh. Even James looks amused.
“Alright, cut the Twilight crap. Why do you really want her?” James coolly demands.
“Is it so hard to believe that vampires are capable of loving humans?”
James scuffs one boot on the floor. “Yes. In thirty years of wrangling Kaiju, I’ve never heard of a vamp having a relationship with a human that lasted longer than breakfast. You things feed on us. You don’t even try to substitute with animals.”
I roll my eyes. “Now who’s pulling Twilight crap?”
James keeps me in his gaze, either trying to figure out what to say or waiting for me to say something.
Since we’re on the subject, I decide to enlighten him. “Animal blood doesn’t have everything we need. We can’t substitute. There was a group of about a dozen vampires at Woodstock who tried feeding strictly on animals, and the ones who weren’t smart enough to give it up died of starvation within two years.” I’m not sure if James knew that or not. “So there’s your trivia for the day. If it makes you feel any better, neither I nor my brother has ever killed a human.”
“So why’s this girl in danger?” Chase’s arms are folded across his chest and he’s looking at me like I’ve done something bad and he’s waiting for me to confess.
“Because my father strongly disapproves of human-vampire relationships that last longer than breakfast,” I drily explain. 
“Huh. Who’s your father again?” James probes.
I really, really wish I didn’t have to tell them this part. “Kenley Chadwick.”
Silence descends on the room. James, Chase, and the other young man blink at each other and back to me. I keep my face impassive, impatient if anything. Whether they believe me or not, it’s up to them. 
“Kenley Chadwick? As in, the Kenley Chadwick?” James cautiously asks.
“As in, the Vampire King with the third largest territory on earth. Yes, that Kenley Chadwick.” 
I turn my attention back to the Huntsmen. They’re bewildered, freaked out, disbelieving, angry, and curious all at once. I’m aware that their hearts beat faster, though they do a fantastic job of hiding it on the outside.
James seems to be processing this new development. “So you would be—”
“Princess Hadassah. But you can just call me Hadassah. I think I’ve more or less forfeited the title.” Talking like this, like this is a perfectly normal situation, is helping me to keep my feelings in check. It occurs to me how every minute here is a minute wasted. I either need to get them on our side or get out of here so I can help Damian.
The three humans survey me with apprehension. A fanged princess in their midst.
“But then, how did you get that?” James motions vaguely to my neck.
I give him a coy smirk. “Which one?”
He doesn’t specify.
“Why should we believe a vamp?” Chase demands.
I put on a face of mock concentration. “Well, let’s see. I could’ve killed your mother. I didn’t. I came alone to a house of Huntsmen, which means I either have a death wish, am incredibly stupid, or I’m telling the truth. I gave up my death wish awhile ago, while I can be stupid, I’m not usually this stupid, and that leaves telling the truth. So…” I give Chase a shrug. “Your mother invited me into your house and I could’ve gotten inside, but I was polite enough to let her know what I am first.” I yank on the handcuffs holding me in place. “Shows what I get for manners—shotgun stock to the face and shackled to a basement.”
“How would your brother even meet a human girl like that?” the second young man, the one who’s still unnamed, asks.
This is good. This means they’re starting to question if my story could be true.
“Where do teenagers usually meet? She’s a student at our private high school. Her wealthy, childless aunt’s paying the tuition.” I try to make my face go blank. Fletcher hadn’t come from money either. 
James frowns. “High school? How old are you?” 
I arch one eyebrow. “I’m nineteen. My brother and Madelyn are seventeen.” I glance over to Chase. “So I’m legal, if you’re looking for a date.”
I meant that to sound casual, calm, and unworried. Chase looks away from me. He even blushes. How adorable. 
“So did you just bring me down here for some scientific confirmation before you lop my head off?” I fearlessly meet James’ face once more.
James shrugs. “Just trying to figure you things out, is all.”
Ah. So I’m a thing. “Do you figure out all Kaiju before you murder—ahem—execute them, or am I special?” I want to know now if I have a chance of living or not. 
“Be careful, girl. We’ve killed hundreds of Kaiju and dozens of vamps,” James growls.
“And I’ve already told you that I’ve never killed a human. That I’m trying to protect one. Put that way, it really makes me look like the reasonable one, doesn’t it?”
“Looks can be deceiving,” James quietly counters.
“Ooh. That was a good one!” I give him an artificial smile. “Are you people always this clever?”
“Are you always this careless?” He shifts and moves his hand on the chair. His sleeve slides up and I glimpse his wristwatch. It reads around six o’clock in the morning. So I’ve been passed out all night. The seconds hand of the watch ticks forebodingly, reminding me of Uncle Devin closing in on Madelyn and Damian.
“Look, let’s drop the games. Are you going to kill me or help me?” 
“You seemed to be enjoying the games,” the second man at the metal table puts in.
“That was before I saw the time,” I reply.
Immediately, James knows where I got it from. He pulls his sleeve over his wrist. Not letting me know the time was clearly a control thing.
James glances over his shoulder to Chase and the other young man. “Seth? Chase? You got anywhere you need to be?” 
Chase shrugs. “I can call in sick today if you need me.”
The other man, Seth, nods. “Me, too.”
The Huntsmen have jobs. That’s strange for some reason. 
“Alright, vamp,” James says, facing me again. “We’ll check out your story. Tell us where to find your brother and his human and we’ll look into it.”
I consider that for a moment. “No.”
James tilts his head. “But isn’t that what you wanted?”
“Well, you see, I have no doubts that you’ll try to protect Madelyn. But there is the issue of my brother being the first in line for the Vampiric Throne and, well…quite honestly, I don’t trust you. Why do you think I came myself?”
“So what does Your Royal Highness propose?” James takes on an air of mock reverence. 
“I’ll take you there,” I say.
“And how do we know you aren’t leading us into a trap?” Seth demands.
“Oh, please.” I roll my eyes. “If I were working with other vampires, do you really think we would need to lead you into a trap? No. We’d storm this place and shred you all like sticks of string cheese.” I know because Uncle Devin talked about his fantasies of biting into Huntsmen throats on a regular basis.
James gives me a hard, unrelenting glare. “If you’re in as much trouble as you say, delivering Huntsmen to your father would be a good way to smooth things over.”
I honestly hadn’t thought of that. “Hmm. Thank you for the tip. So when do we leave?” I meet his glower straight on with a sweet smile. No one says anything. I’m sure they’re trying to figure out what they’re going to do. “I’ll give you directions on the way over.”

Chapter Six

Chase’s truck is from the eighties and smells musky, earthy, and gamey, like deer. I shouldn’t be surprised that the Huntsmen hunt things other than Kaiju, but I still wrinkle my nose in distaste.
Chase is driving with James in the passenger seat in front of me while Seth sits holding the family’s dearly beloved shotgun rammed against my side. 
My hands are cuffed behind my back, but at least they didn’t try to do anything like muzzle me, though there was talk of it. I had to point out that I wouldn’t be able to give directions with my mouth wired shut. 
On the other side of Seth sits a stout girl around sixteen with freckles and her flaming red hair pulled back in a ponytail. She’s got on a pair of worn pink cowgirl boots studded with scuffed rhinestones and ripped, faded blue jeans. I think she and Madelyn would get along well. Her jaw works relentlessly on the strip she just popped in her mouth. She leans casually against the back seat, arms folded across her chest as she stares at the highway whizzing past us out the window.
“Ah, yes, pink camo,” I murmur, gesturing my chin at her tank top and hoodie. “Because you never know when you’ll have to hide in a bubblegum factory.”
The girl glances at me, giving me the same look of distrust and hostility I’ve been getting from the rest of her family. As if to spite me, she blows a large pink bubble with the gum in her mouth. There’s a faint pop as the bubble bursts and the girl goes back to chawing her gum. There’s a neat little .38 riding on her bling-encrusted, personalized belt, a reminder that she’s a Huntswoman, too.
“Ignore her, sis,” Chase says.
“So she’s your sister. Okay. And then you,” I look at Seth, “you must be another brother?”
“Cousin,” Seth automatically corrects.
“Hmm.”
“Stop talking,” James orders.
To punctuate his uncle’s statement, Seth presses the shotgun barrel harder against my ribs. 
“Easy, tiger,” I purr. 
“I said—”
“Turn right.” I interrupt James to give directions to Chase. 
Chase guides his truck into the right lane and stops at the intersection. There’s a Jack-In-The-Box in front of us and a Shell station with cracking pavement and pigeons nested on the convenience store roof to our right. Several cars turn into the gas station. The place looks so grimy, for a moment I passionately miss home.
Chase switches on the truck’s blinker and waits for the light to change color. 
I heave a sigh. Even with handcuffs, if I could get rid of Seth’s shotgun, I could snap a few necks or escape out the door and run into the underbrush surrounding the highway before they could stop me. I’m wondering if I should. At the moment, I’m leaning toward running away. I have never killed a human, or anyone for that matter, and I’m not sure I want that to change.
I wonder if they’ll try and kill Damian. If they do that, then their lives are forfeit. I’ll end every one of them before I let them touch him, never mind I haven’t taken life before. But if they’ll help us protect Madelyn, we just might be able to keep her alive and away from Uncle Devin. We might just succeed.
I worry Uncle Devin might’ve found Damian and Madelyn while I was gone last night. Damian is strong. He is a Chadwick, after all. But I know that Uncle Devin is so, so much stronger. 
Shifting in my seat, I gauge that we’ve got about fifteen more minutes before we reach the motel where I left them. Chase is being careful to stay under the speed limits. I imagine he doesn’t want to get pulled over. Having a cop see your cousin hold a handcuffed girl at gunpoint could get awkward.
My one and only cousin, Jared, is the son of my father’s sister and lives in Montana. I haven’t see him in years, but I hear he’s shown promise as an enforcer. Though, from what I remember, his happy, jovial personality is totally wrong for it. Then again, people change. I know I have.
With some hesitation, I direct Chase to the cracked asphalt parking lot of the cheap motel where I left Damian and Madelyn at Room 26. It appears to be mostly empty. I can see the fat, repulsive man at the counter is still in his place. I notice that the blinds of Room 26 are down. 
Damn it, Damian! I silently swear. You should be keeping look out!
Chase pulls the truck to a halt and surveys his surroundings through the windshield. The Huntsmen peer out the windows as if searching for signs of an ambush. All of them look, except Seth. Seth keeps his eyes on me and the shotgun against my side. I know that he’ll pull that trigger at the first hint of aggression on my part.
Finally, Chase steps out. I notice him adjusting his worn leather hiking jacket. There’s a .50 caliber pistol buckled at his side. These people really, really love their guns. 
James does the same, and it doesn’t escape me that he’s got a sidearm, too.
Good grief. They’re like the freaking poster family for the NRA. 
James comes around and opens my door before stepping a good ways back. I realize it’s not me he’s afraid of, it’s stray BB’s in the event Seth fires the shotgun.
“Okay, vamp,” Seth growls. “You try drawing those fangs, I pull the trigger. You make a move for me or anyone else, I pull the trigger. This turns out to be a trap, I pull the trigger. You try to give any kind of signal—”
“I know! You’ll pull the trigger,” I impatiently interrupt. “Point taken. Can we get on with this now? Like I said, there are enforcers after us.”
Seth jabs me with the shotgun barrel to remind me who’s in charge.
Rolling my eyes, I hop down from the truck. Keeping my balance is a little difficult with my hands cuffed, but I manage.
Seth climbs out behind me. The shotgun stays rammed against my torso and his finger still rests on the trigger. 
“Now where are they?” James crosses his arms. In the morning light, with his plaid shirt, scruffy beard, and baseball cap, he looks like he belongs in a dictionary under the word hillbilly.
“I said I’d take you there. I meant all the way,” I coolly inform him.
James gives me a hard stare. Chase and the red-headed girl come around the front of the truck and take up positions behind him. They face different directions, scanning every trashcan and window for signs of an ambush. They have to be vigilant, I guess.
James doesn’t seem to be open to my terms. 
“Look,” I snap, “if I try anything, your boy Seth’s going to blast away my internal organs. You still think you’ve got to worry?”
“Do I?” James counters. 
“You’re in control here,” I say.
“I haven’t gotten here by trusting vamps, girl.”
“And I haven’t gotten here by doing what my father wants,” I retort.
James eyes me up and down. For a moment, I think he’s going to tell me to give away the room number again. Then he steps forward, unlocks my handcuffs, and snaps his chin toward the motel. “Lead the way.”
Seth removes the shotgun from my side, but he still holds it at the ready. I watch his hard, icy face as I rub my sore wrists. 
After a moment, I cautiously step forward and Seth moves with me. He seems quite experienced at this. They all do. Comes with the Falkner name, I suppose. Does Seth plan to walk all the way three feet behind me? Apparently. 
I make my way toward the rickety metal stairs while all four Huntsmen follow. Seth stays right on my tail and the other three follow almost like a fan formation behind us.
We arrive at the stairs. I move up them at a steady, even rate. The Huntsmen follow suit. 
I wonder what’s going to happen once we arrive. Do the Huntsmen plan on killing me and Damian? If they wanted to do that, they could’ve just tried torturing me into revealing where he was. I’ve experienced enough that I would’ve been able to keep it from them, but I doubt they know that. 
One thing I don’t doubt is that they want to protect Madelyn. It’s just a question of whether or not they’ll realize Damian and I aren’t the ones they need to worry about. 
Before I can think things through or make up my mind about their intentions, we reach Room 26. I come to a slow stop. 
“One thing you people should know,” I softly say, turning my head back to them. “I love my brother. Very, very much.” 
I’ll attack them to protect Damian whether Seth can get a shot off or not. Odds are, I’d take at least one of them with me and wound another. That would leave Damian with only two and I know he could handle that. 
Seth tightens his grip on the shotgun. 
I rap my knuckles on the door.
“Who is it?” Damian’s cautious voice sounds from the other side.
“Hadassah,” I reply, giving him a warning. I can’t remember a single occasion when he called me by my proper name. But the Huntsmen don’t know that.
Damian’s handsome face appears as he deliberately opens the door. He’s barefoot, wearing a sweatshirt and jeans. His sharp eyes gulp in the four people standing behind me and the shotgun in Seth’s hands. I see fear and aggression rising in him at once. Then he sees my face. Following my lead, he assumes a calm air. “Hey, Haddie. Who are your friends?”
I glance over my shoulder. “Allow me to introduce the elusive Huntsmen—that’s Chase, James, this lovely dude with a shotgun is Seth, and that’s Shelby if the name written in rhinestones on her belt is accurate. Guys, this is Damian.”
“The other vampire?” James gruffly asks.
“Yes,” I confirm. No point in denying it.
“Good.”
At James’ word, Seth rams the stock of the shotgun into my back, driving me forward into Damian. Damian tries to catch me and we both tumble to the carpeted floor of the motel room. 
I stifle a whimper of pain as Seth points the shotgun at both of us, lying in a tangle on the ground. “Where’s the girl?” he demands.
The door to the bathroom swings open and steam billows out. I glance up to see Madelyn. Her hair hangs in damp strings. She’s wearing a white tank top and gray shorts that come halfway to her knees.
“Damian?” Madelyn gasps.
“Stay back, Madelyn!” Damian snarls.
I roll off my brother. As I do, I notice Madelyn’s white cotton bra lying halfway under the bed. Not something I wanted to see. I don’t want to think about my brother and his girlfriend…doing stuff. “Crap,” I mutter. “Crap, crap.”
Damian seems to know what I’m thinking. “Not everyone is as puritanical as you, Haddie.”
I never thought that it would bother me when my brother started dating—I could care less about everybody else—but it does. Why? Because he’s my baby brother.
Damian and I lie on the floor, side by side while Seth and Chase hold us in their sights.
“Is there anyone else here?” James demands. 
“No,” Madelyn answers. “No, it’s just us.”
Shelby holsters her gun and moves toward Madelyn. “Put on some clothes and let’s go outside,” she suggests. Though her words are calm and friendly, I can tell they’re going to drag Madelyn outside if she doesn’t go willingly. 
“Go on,” I say. 
Damian goes rigid at my side. 
“They won’t hurt her,” I whisper. 
Damian gives me a hard stare. He hesitantly nods. “It’s okay, Lynn. Go.”
Madelyn swallows. She looks to Chase and Seth. Her words come out in a jumbled string. “Please, don’t hurt them, they’re trying to protect me, I love him, please…”
Shelby pushes her back toward the bathroom before she can finish. 
“Damian!” Madelyn screams, struggling against Shelby. Madelyn hits and shoves the other girl, but Shelby’s a lot stronger than she looks. “Damian! No!” 
I recognize the way Madelyn screams my brother’s name. It’s the same way I screamed Fletcher’s name a year ago. It sends a shudder of painful loss and acute fear through me at once. I will not let them kill my brother. This is my fault as surely as it was with Fletcher. If anyone’s about to die, it will be me. But I will take every one of the Huntsmen with me first.
Madelyn is going hysterical. Damian’s jaw tenses and I can see he’s fighting to keep from leaping up and rushing to her. I squeeze his hand and he squeezes back, nearly crushing my hand in his.
When Shelby can hardly hold Madelyn back, James steps forward and swings her over his shoulder. Without bothering to get her dressed, they haul her outside, probably to the truck. She goes kicking and screaming.
“It’ll be alright, baby,” Damian shouts.
Madelyn doesn’t seem to believe him. She’s started crying as she begs, curses, and orders the Huntsmen not to harm Damian. Never mind me. 
I stare up at Chase and Seth. I breathe a sigh out my nose. “I’m sorry, Damian.”
Damian blinks as he surveys the Huntsmen. “Did you know they were going to be this friendly?”
I shrug. “I knew they didn’t trust us. I’m still hoping they might be reasoned with.”
Damian chuckles bitterly. “So we have the choice of the people who will kill us or the ones who will kill Madelyn.”
“Pretty much, yeah,” I agree.
“Quiet,” Chase snaps. 
I blink up at him. “Did that girl seem like an unwilling hostage to you?”
“We’ll get this sorted out in a minute,” Chase growls. 
“We don’t have a minute. My father’s enforcers are coming. And we need to get her and all of you out of here.”
“We can handle enforcers,” Chase snaps.
Not Uncle Devin, they can’t. But I doubt they would listen. “So. I take it you’ll be protecting Madelyn?”
Seth frowns. Chase shifts.
Suddenly, Damian’s face contorts into a snarl. “If anything happens to her—”
“Hey, buddy,” Seth interjects, waving the shotgun. “Don’t go threatening the grumpy guys with guns.”
“We’re not going to hurt her,” Chase says. “We’ll keep her safe. You have my word on that.”
I turn a surprised face to him. He won’t meet my gaze. I go back to staring at the barrel of Seth’s shotgun leveled at my head. 
We stay like that for a very long time. Damian and I on the floor at gun point while Seth and Chase point the guns. I find myself coming to deeply despise firearms. Outside, Madelyn’s screams are growing fainter. They’re probably having to shackle her to the truck. 
After about five minutes of awkward, agonizing silence, James comes back. He has the beginnings of a black eye and his shirt is torn at the collar. Madelyn put up a good fight. She suddenly rises a little in my esteem.
James takes a deep breath and fixes his John Deere cap. “Alright. So what the hell’s going on here?” 
“I told you,” I interject. 
“I want to hear your brother say it, missy.” James looks pointedly at my brother.
Damian heaves a sigh. “I met Madelyn at school. Her aunt’s paying for her to go there. She’s my girlfriend, she’s human, I love her, and my father wants to kill her.”
“How do you know he wants to kill her?” James probes.
Damian glances to me, a question on his face. 
I look away, biting my lower lip. 	
Damian hesitates. “Because, the last time a vampire fell for a human, he killed the human and made the vampire serve his head enforcer for nine months.”
Chase’s cell phone rings. It’s an annoying, repetitive ringtone that could be used as a form of torture if played in a loop. Chase fidgets and glances to his father.
James rolls his eyes. “Go on.” He sweeps one arm toward the door. 
Chase nods and steps outside, putting away his gun while fishing in his pockets for his cell phone.
“Well, was that vampire his son?” James queries.
Damian glances at me again. “No.”
“So how do you know?”
I hiss. I’m about to tell him just how sure I am that our father wants to kill her and just what I think of all this talking when Chase slips back inside.
“Dad, you’ve got to see this,” Chase interrupts. He holds up his phone. There’s a video downloading. “Uncle Bobby found this at the mall over in Barton Creek. He managed to keep it quiet, but…well, I think you should see it.”
Chase hits the play button.
From my place on the floor, I can just see the screen. It’s black and white security footage showing the inside of a women’s bathroom. I instantly know exactly what it is. 
The footage shows me burst into the bathroom with Madelyn, then drag her to the side. A few seconds later, Ayden and Jerome Thatcher come through the door. I watch myself throw Madelyn forward.
Damian glares at me when he sees how I endangered her.
James glances at me suspiciously. He turns his attention back to the screen just in time to watch me level the first brother. 
We then see me take a hit from the second vampire, who generously flashed his fangs for the camera to see. The entire bathroom stall rattles as the vampire on tape hits the siding instead of me. A second later, I’m breaking his collarbone and whipping a kick across his face. The screen goes dark after I drag Madelyn back outside.
As the clip ends, James glances to me. Madelyn’s platinum blonde hair was easy enough to recognize on the footage. As was my jet-black ponytail and dark turtleneck. 
“Like I said, I’m sure he wants to kill her. And we’re trying to protect her.” I stare straight up into James’ eyes. If he doesn’t believe me now, he’s just plain stubborn to the point of stupidity.
James seems about to say something.
Tires screech outside, cutting him off. James and Chase look to the window. Chase shoves the blinds aside.
“Shelby!” he shouts.
The sound of shots rings out from the parking lot. I glance to Damian. Horror even greater than mine is written across his face. 
Chase and James make for the door. Seth glances after them, alarm screamed in his body language.
I see the chance and I whip to my feet, grabbing the shotgun from Seth and using it to smack him in the side of the head before rushing to the door with Damian. 
My brother and I force our way past Chase and James and don’t bother running to the stairs. We leap over the edge of guardrail and spring to the ground some fifteen feet below. The sting from the impact rushes up my legs, but I bolt upright and dash forward undamaged.
We can see Chase’s truck, one door open, Shelby hunkered down on the side while sending bullets after the troll. 
Icy claws of fear rake down my back as I see Madelyn in the iron grips of a Thatcher twin and the other vampire from the mall. She’s kicking and screaming, fighting with everything she’s got. 
Madelyn sees us tearing across the parking lot toward them and I see fear, relief, happiness, and more fear in her face as she locks her eyes on Damian. 
On the other side of the truck, I see a white van with no back windows and the side door swung open. Inside, I glimpse Uncle Devin’s clean blazer and dress shirt. The second Thatcher twin is next to him in the driver’s seat.
The two vampires holding Madelyn drag her toward the van. Damian and I pour on all the speed we can muster, but so do Madelyn’s captors. They hurl her inside and dash in after her, hauling in the troll last. They yank the door closed.
Damian reaches the van and his body slams into it, leaving a large dent in the side. I’m right behind him, and I crunch against the metal, making a slightly smaller dent beside his. 
The van’s engine roars as the accelerator is floored and the van pitches forward. I can hear Madelyn screaming inside, screaming for Damian.
“Madelyn!” Damian shouts, clawing at the door’s handle. His fingers leave deep gashes in the van’s paint. “Madelyn! No!” Damian’s going frantic.
He grabs the door handle and tries to jerk the door open. I grab it, too and we both yank as hard as we can. They’ve locked it. The door handle flies off as the van gains speed. We race alongside it, keeping pace.
I try to gouge into the side, smashing my fists against the weaker siding where the windows should be. My fists leave baseball-sized dents, but I can’t break through. Damian rakes his hands over the van’s sides, trying to find purchase, but he can’t grab on. 
“Madelyn!” Her name rips out of his throat in a desperate, panicked scream. 
“Damian!” Madelyn’s voice is faint and muffled from inside. 
The van keeps gaining speed. Damian and I won’t be able to keep up. It’s pointless. I grab Damian, pull him to the side, and let the van go. 

Chapter Seven

Damian doesn’t fight me. He stares after the van and Madelyn’s name breaks from him in a defeated, desperate moan. 
Damian sinks to his knees as the van disappears around a bend in the road, taking Madelyn with it. He buries his face in his hands. “They’re going to kill her,” he whimpers.
I drop to my knees beside him and wrap an arm around his shoulders. “They’re not going to kill her,” I whisper, hugging him against me.
Damian bolts to his feet, towering over me. His eyes burn red, his hands are fisted at his sides, his fangs shoot down.
I rise to my feet and take a step back. If he’s this angry, I’m not sure what he might do.
“They’re going to kill her and it’s all your fault!” he hisses, fury bubbling over in his voice. “If you hadn’t brought them here, they never would’ve gotten her!” Damian shoots his gaze past me.
Chase, Seth, and Shelby are racing up to us along the broken asphalt. Their guns are out, but I don’t see what good that’s going to do now. They see Damian’s aggressive, angry condition and stop about ten yards away from us. They aren’t pointing their guns at Damian just yet, but if I were them, I’d have mine ready.
Damian whips his enraged face back to me. “It’s all your fault!” 
He dives forward. I’m not sure if he’s going for me or the Huntsmen. I doubt even he knows. 
I clamp my hands on his shoulders and swing him around in a full circle before I shove him back. “They’re not going to kill her!” I repeat, shouting it, trying to get it through his head.
Damian stumbles, but regains his footing in an instant. “You don’t know that!” he shrieks, charging me again.
I block him as he lunges for my throat and land a kick to his ankle. I offset his balance and slam my weight into him, driving him to the ground. He thuds to the asphalt on the shoulder of the empty road and I straddle him, holding him down. One day he might be stronger than me, but today I’m the faster, more experienced vampire.
“They’re not going to kill her!” I yell in his face.
“Yes, they are!” Damian wails, fury driving his voice to a shrill pitch. He writhes under me, still trying to attack me.
“No, they’re not! They’re going to wait. They want to make you watch, Damian! They want to make you watch like they made me!” I scream at the top of my lungs, blaring the words in his face like a fog horn. 
Damian stops trying to bite me, but his eyes stay an alarming shade of neon red and his fangs protrude like two swords.
“They want to make you watch,” I repeat. “They want you to be just where you can’t help her as they sink their fangs into her throat. That’s what they want. We can get her back, Damian. And we’re going to. I swear to you, I will die before I let them take her from you. I swear, Damian.” I mean every single word. I watch my brother’s face, pleading, willing him to hear me, to believe me. 
Damian’s eyes soften back to their normal shade of ice blue. His fangs retract. His breathing is heavy, his pulse is racing with the fire of rage. But he’s calming down. 
“It’ll be okay,” I whisper. 
Damian nods, still tense, still brimming with fear-fueled anger, but seeing reason. 
I roll off him and help him to his feet. Damian closes his eyes and tries to focus on breathing. I coil an arm around him and turn him away from the Huntsmen. They’ve been watching this whole thing. James has joined them. They all look a little ashamed. They should be. I face them.
“So…are you people satisfied?” I tartly query. “Or do you still not believe us?”

***

We go back to the motel room. Damian sits on the edge of one of the beds, fondling Madelyn’s hoodie with one hand whilst staring off into space. I sit next to him, holding his other hand in my lap. James sits in the single chair in the room while Chase leans against the door. Seth stands by the window with the shotgun resting on his shoulder and an icepack on the side of his head, keeping an eye out for anyone coming. Shelby sits cross-legged on the carpet, plucking at loose threads on her jeans.
James heaves a sigh. 
None of us is really sure what to do. Damian avoids looking at any of the Huntsmen. I doubt he could refrain from attacking them if he did. I alternate eyeing different Falkner family members.
Between the video found by Seth’s father, Uncle Bobby to Chase and Shelby, and the happenings that took place just over an hour ago, the Falkners have decided to trust and help us. For now, at least.
Uncle Devin doused everything in wolfsbane. We can’t track the van. All we can do is sit around and wait uselessly for something to happen. I’m certain that our father won’t have anything done to Madelyn so long as Damian’s not there to see it. Still, it is torment to sit here and not know where she is or what might be happening to her. 
The phone rings and every last one of us jumps. I whip my gaze over to the phone along with everyone else. It sits on a nightstand between the two beds. It’s one of those tan phones with a spiral cord and it looks like it came from the same era as Chase’s truck. 
I crawl across the bed and dive for the handset. I scoop the phone up. “Hello?”
“Hadassah? Is that you, my dear?”
A growl rumbles in my throat as Uncle Devin’s silky, smooth voice meets my ear. 
He gives a low chuckle. “I’ll take that as a yes. Is your brother there?” He doesn’t even mention how I did the exact opposite of what my father wanted. Somehow, I think they expected it.
Without answering, I shove the phone to Damian. “It’s Uncle Devin,” I tell him.
Damian snatches the phone. His eyes threaten to change color again. “Where’s Madelyn?” he snarls.
I can hear Uncle Devin’s voice at the other end of the line. The phone’s volume must be turned all the way up. “Oh, she’s here. Tell him, sweetheart,” Uncle Devin croons.
“Screw you, you bastard!” Madelyn’s voice shrieks.
Good girl. I almost smile. 
“Hmm. I expected her to be a bit more excited to speak to her boyfriend. Oh, well. Listen, Damian. Don’t make the same mistake your sister did. If you come back now, your father says he won’t punish you for this little adventure.” Uncle Devin’s voice is reasonable, almost imploring. It fills me with a desire to silence him forever.
“No.” Damian kicks his bare feet on the carpet. “No, he’s just going to kill the girl I love. That’s all.”
“Oh, come Damian. What human woman is worth the Vampiric Throne?” Uncle Devin smoothly protests.
“I can think of one,” Damian growls back. 
“Damian, if you do this, your father will disown you,” Uncle Devin cautions.
Damian shrugs. “He didn’t disown Haddie.” 
I’m aware of Chase staring at me. His expression is hard to make out. It’s conflicted, uncertain.
“Your sister had not been warned as you have,” Uncle Devin adds.
“Fine. He can disown me. He can blot my name from history. I don’t care.” 
“Damian, if you continue this little game, you will be given the same marks as your sister.”
My heart lurches at the thought of Damian going through the agony that came with these marks. I remember screaming in terror and pain as Uncle Devin drove his fangs into my neck. Most times he would tie me up so I couldn’t move. Other times he would let me fight him until I inevitably lost. I would scream until my windpipe was raw and I would struggle until I fainted from lack of blood. When I woke up, my neck would be burning, inside and out. I couldn’t speak at least a day after Uncle Devin had punished me like that. 
I gulp. Damian probably wouldn’t be bled again and again like I was, but still…
“Damian…”Uncle Devin makes a frustrated sound. “Well. What does it matter? Either way, we’ll have to meet up, right? Come to the Tom Miller Dam. Your new friends should know where that is.” Uncle Devin gives a leisurely sigh. “I’ll be waiting. But you’d best hurry. I haven’t been able to feed for awhile thanks to you and that little tart of yours is looking sweeter by the minute.”
Damian’s eyes flicker scarlet. “If I find so much as a scratch on her—” 
The dial tone sounds as Uncle Devin hangs up. 
Damian slams the phone back into the receiver. Something cracks, but I’m not sure what. He whirls on the Huntsmen. “Do you know the way to the Tom Miller Dam?” 
James nods. “It’s about a half hour from here.”
Damian springs to his feet. “Take us there.” 
I stand up beside my brother. “That’s where they have Madelyn.”
I expect Chase or Seth or Shelby to argue, but they don’t. Instead, Chase holds the door open. 
I have to remind Damian to put on his shoes before we file out. I can see he’s chafing to reach Madelyn. Chafing to get her away from Uncle Devin. 
I’m the last to leave the motel room. Chase is standing at the door, holding it for me. I nod to the Huntsman march out the door after my brother. 

***

The Tom Miller Dam sits choking the Colorado River in a sparsely populated area inside the Austin city limits. To one side are the functional, characterless maintenance buildings, but on the other side are rugged, natural woods separating the dam from the nearest subdivision. 
Chase pulls his truck up to the nearest maintenance building, close enough to be within easy walking distance, but not so close as to be suspicious. 
I glance to Damian, seated beside me in the backseat. His pulse thrums at an alert, tense rate. In fact, that describes the heart rates of everyone in this vehicle. 
In spite of it being October, the sun is shining happily. I adjust my long-sleeved sweater. Vampires may not die in sunlight as our ancestors did, but our skin still doesn’t tan. 
I open the door at my side and swing out. Damian follows close behind. We both inhale deeply, testing the air for traces of familiar scents.
While I detect the hints of several humans besides the Huntsmen in the area, I find nothing familiar. I’m sure Uncle Devin is here already, I just can’t smell him. 
James passes us. Chase has one of those metal and glass covers over his truck bed. The four Huntsmen all head toward the back of the truck. 
Damian and I follow them, not sure what’s going on.
Chase unlocks the back, drops down the tailgate and props up the back window. He reaches for a black plastic travel trunk, unlocks it with a key from his keychain, and flips open the lid.
My eyes go wide.
Inside is a collection of knives, axes, rifles, swords, crossbows, and just about every sort of weapon a warrior could want. The Huntsmen help themselves.
Shelby easily picks up a rifle. She checks the bolt, makes sure it’s unloaded and swings it over her shoulder while grabbing a few extra clips. Seth grabs one, too.
Chase grabs another handgun and slips it in the back of his belt under his jacket.
I take the time to notice a Semper Fi sticker affixed to the bumper of Chase’s truck. It looks relatively new. I store the info away for future reference and turn my attention back to the present.
“So, do we have a plan?” I ask, watching the Huntsmen help themselves to weaponry.
Chase shrugs, adjusting the sidearm in his belt. “Get Madelyn, get out alive.”
“Ah,” I nod. 
“Of course, if we can take out Chadwick’s main enforcer, that would be pretty nice, too.” As soon as he says it, Chase glances to me to see if I’ve taken offense. He clearly doesn’t understand just how I feel about my uncle.
“I agree,” I drily concur.
He seems to relax at that. 
The four humans finish arming themselves and we stand around in a loose circle. Damian and I won’t have much use for weapons. Most of our training was hand-to-hand. Still, I tuck a pocket knife with a three-inch blade into my back pocket. Damian shakes his head when they show him their cutting tool selection. 
James breathes a deep sigh. “Chase, you come with me and see if we can’t get inside and get a bead on the vamps with the girl. You two,” he jerks his chin at Seth and Shelby, “you go together and try to see what you can do to stop them from getting away if things go pear-shaped.” He turns to me and Damian. There’s the briefest hesitation before he addresses us. “You two…”
“We play along with what our uncle wants,” I say. “We try and keep him from thinking about looking for you all. And we try to get Madelyn away from him.”
James nods. “You got a sound head, girl.”
That’s a compliment and I find myself wondering if James has ever complimented a vampire before.
I incline my head. 
Without waiting for me, Damian turns and marches off toward the dam. 
The dam is closed right now and the water rises about two thirds up the deep side. I’m not sure if that’s normal or not. We skirt around the hard-hatted dam workers in the maintenance areas and manage to get onto a walkway along the dam itself. 
To our left is the towering concrete of the dam shading us from the sun, to our right is a guardrail and below that, a sheer drop landing in shallow, rocky waters that would doubtless be fatal, even to a vampire. I try not to think about it as I march onward beside my brother. 
Damian seems to radiate tension. We’re both on the lookout for the first signs for Uncle Devin. I’m certain he knows we’re here. He’s just waiting for us to get where he wants us. 
I wonder if he knows that the Huntsmen are here with us. Probably. I wonder what he’s planning to do about them. He most certainly intends to deal with the Falkners once he’s taken care of his niece and nephew. He would’ve caught their scent again at the motel. And judging by the trail I tracked last night, it won’t be hard for him to find their house.
Maybe that’s why the Huntsmen are helping us. They realize he’s now their problem as much as ours. I just hope that they won’t turn on us.
I can sense Damian wants to tear down this walkway and rip the dam apart until he finds Madelyn. It’s what I would want. But Damian keeps his head and walks calmly and cautiously in front of me, his sharp eyes scanning everything for signs of action.
We reach the middle of the dam without seeing or hearing anything. Everything’s quiet, eerily quiet. 
Damian comes to a stop. He marches around in a tight circle. “Come on!” he shouts. His voice echoes off the dam and seems to project over the river below. “Come on! Here we are!” His eyes are darkening again. “What are you waiting for?” he demands.
I sigh. 
Damian paces away from me. “Where are they?” He anxiously rakes his hands through his hair. “Damn it, Uncle Devin, where are you? Where’s Madelyn?” He seems to be talking more to himself now.
I watch him, silently sharing his frustration. I want to find Madelyn, too. I want Uncle Devin to pay for what he’s done as badly as Damian. But I know there’s nothing I can do to make the man show himself.
Suddenly, there’s motion behind me as a door swings open and one of the Thatcher twins dashes forward. Before I can face him, he has one arm locked around my neck. I slam an elbow backwards against his gut. He grunts, but then jabs the cold barrel of a pistol against the side of my head. I freeze. I can’t even reach for the pocket knife.
I knew that Uncle Devin and his men had guns, they just don’t use them unless they’re dealing with someone who has them, too. Personally, I think Uncle Devin prefers getting blood on his fangs.
People have been jabbing loaded guns at me more times today than in the past nineteen years of my life. It hardly seems right.
Damian whirls around. He sees me in the grip of the other vampire with a gun to my head. His eyes flicker crimson and he moves forward. 
But before he can take more than two steps, a door behind him bursts open and the second Thatcher twin emerges, Madelyn in his grip. She’s gagged, she has a few bruises, but nothing serious. 
There’s a gun pressed to her head, too.
Damian’s torn. I watch him whip his frantic gaze back and forth between the two of us. He makes a frustrated, aggressive, distressed sound that’s halfway between a whine and a growl.
Uncle Devin strides out from the door behind me. I feel a deep primal need to act as he comes closer, step by step. I ache to face him, to run from him, to fight him, to do something other than stand here with my back to him. 
But the Thatcher twin holds me fast.
“Hello, Damian.” Uncle Devin carelessly smiles.
The troll comes out beside him and the fourth vampire stands next to the Thatcher twin with Madelyn. Madelyn tries resisting, but her captor presses the gun harder against her head and she stops.
“Let them go!” Damian orders, his eyes flaring scarlet. “You let them go now!”
Uncle Devin arches one eyebrow. “When I’m ready.”
“I’m warning you—”
“When you’re king, Damian, you can give me orders. Until then, I will follow the orders of your father, our king. And our king wants you to choose.” Uncle Damian nonchalantly adjusts the cuffs of his blazer.
Damian’s face shows confusion. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, we can only take one of them back to New England.” Uncle Devin motions to me and Madelyn. “The other one gets a bullet to the brain pan and dumped into the river. So…choose.”
My heart leaps in my throat. I’m scared. Genuinely and truly scared. Uncle Devin will do it, too. He doesn’t bluff, not about things like this.
Damian’s face goes awash with horror. “No…no!” he shouts. His gaze darts back and forth between us. He’s aching to fight, to attack, to protect us both. But he knows that if he tries to rescue one of us, that means death for the other. I can see him struggling, fighting with himself. “Dad’s not going to let you kill Haddie,” Damian argues.
“Actually,” Uncle Devin corrects him, “I just got off the phone with him. Our dear Hadassah…” He extends a hand and curls his fingers through the loose strands of my hair. I try not to cringe. “…has been such a bad girl. We thought she had learned her lesson, but she clearly hasn’t. So why bother trying again to fix something that chooses to stay broken?”
“She’s not broken, she’s perfect,” Damian snarls.
“Oh? Then where were you when she was serving time as an enforcer as punishment?” Uncle Devin coolly inquires.
I see guilt flash across his face. “There wasn’t anything I could do to help.”
“But did you even try?” Uncle Devin taunts.
“No!” I shout. “There wasn’t anything you could’ve done, Damian. Don’t let him—”
The troll slaps a fist across my face before I can finish. My vision goes blurry and I can’t see anything for a moment. My whole head throbs and the world spins.
“So here are the options my dear nephew: Your sister…” He lays a hand on my shoulder. I ache to shove him off. “…or your lover?” His other hand motions to Madelyn.
The Huntsmen are nowhere to be seen. I don’t know where they are or if they’ve decided to back out. They might just not be able to find us.
“Choose one, Damian, or I kill them both,” Uncle Devin calmly announces.
Damian cries out. “I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you all!” he screams. 
Uncle Devin shrugs. “I’ll give you one hundred seconds.” He glances down at his wristwatch.
“I can’t!” Damian shrieks. “I can’t!”
Madelyn is staring at him. Looking at her face, I can see she isn’t pleading for him to choose her. She just wants him to know she loves him. But she’s gagged, she can’t talk.
“Damian.” I make my voice be steady and strong.
My brother meets my gaze. Sadness, anger, terror, conflict, and pain are written in his darkened eyes. 
“Damian.” I say his name softly. “You’re the only person in this world who I truly love. And I love you with all my heart.”
Uncle Devin makes a mock cooing sound. “Isn’t she sweet? Survival instincts are always a plus.” He keeps staring at his watch.
I swallow, keeping my eyes on Damian. “I want you to know…” I inhale deeply. “It’s alright.”
Damian looks confused.
“I want you…” I fight to keep myself together. I’m about to sign my own death warrant. “I want you to choose Madelyn.”
Damian’s face shows pure agony. Madelyn blinks at me in shock as she realizes what I’m doing. She tries to say something that might be no. Uncle Devin stares at me in mild disbelief. The other vampires seem surprised, too. Even the troll looks befuddled.
But James sent Shelby and Seth out to stop Uncle Devin and his men in case they get away. I have a good hope that they’ll be able to intercept Uncle Devin and whoever might be with him as he leaves. Damian and Madelyn will have a chance to escape. I said I would die for Madelyn. Looks like I get to prove it.
“What?” Damian softly gasps. 
“It’s okay,” I repeat. Damian blurs out of focus. I’m crying, damn it. Didn’t I resolve not to cry when the time came for my death? “It’s okay, Damian. Choose Madelyn.”
Damian gives a wordless shout and kicks the guardrail. “I can’t let them kill you!”
“They’ll kill Madelyn, too, if you don’t,” I say.
“Haddie…” Damian groans, staring at me with pure grief and pain in his eyes. 
Tears roll down my cheeks, but I keep a straight face. “I love you,” I whisper. “Now choose Madelyn.”
Madelyn’s shaking her head. She doesn’t want me to die for her. I don’t want to die for her. But I’m willing.
“Twenty seconds,” Uncle Devin interjects. “Hurry up Damian, or they’re both food for sunfish.” 
Damian stares at me. “I love you, too.”
I smile and nod at him through my tears. 
Madelyn keeps shaking her head.
I look to her. “You take care of my brother, okay?”
Madelyn’s crying, too. But she nods. Of course she’ll take care of my brother. She loves him even more than I do.
I take a deep breath. “Do it, Damian.”
Damian’s shaking. Tears fill his eyes. He stares at me, putting off the inevitable for as long as possible. 
Uncle Devin starts counting down. “And five, four, three, two—”
“Her.” Damian points to Madelyn. “I choose her.”
“Finally,” Uncle Devin sighs. “I hate suspense.”

Chapter Eight

At Uncle Devin’s instruction, the Thatcher twin holding me rams my body up against the guardrail. 
Damian watches with hollow, tortured eyes as I’m positioned to fall once the other vampire shoots me.
The Thatcher twin presses the barrel of the gun against my sternum, right where Chase was threatening to shoot me last night. I squeeze my eyes shut, unable to look my death in the face now that it’s arrived. I hate that about myself. I can’t even die properly. 
Even though I’m not one for religion, I pray to the god of my silver cross that Damian and Madelyn will be alright…and that I will see Fletcher. 
I wait for the shot. What is really mere seconds seems lifetimes and centuries. 
Bang!
I cringe back as the loud shot rings through the air. But I don’t feel a thing. I crack my eyes open and see the Thatcher twin in front of me topple to the ground. I glance up and see Chase standing in the maintenance doorway with his .50 pistol extended in front of him. It takes a moment for me to process what just happened.
An instant later, it’s a flurry of action all around me. Damian lunges for the Thatcher twin holding Madelyn. He wrenches her free and knocks the gun over the guardrail, but the other vampire, the one I hadn’t seen before yesterday, claws at his back.
I dart forward to help my brother as a second shot rings out from Chase’s gun, hitting the troll in the knee and sending him cursing to the ground. James emerges behind Chase, gun drawn, but he can’t get a clean shot because Damian and I are wrestling with the other two vampires. I’m not sure where Uncle Devin is. I’m too busy keeping another vampire’s fangs off my throat. 
The unnamed vampire swings his fists at my head. I duck and land a kick to his shins. With a quick motion, he recovers and throws me sideways as Damian tumbles to the floor with the other Thatcher twin. Madelyn tries to help my brother, but Chase grabs her arm and yanks her back before she can get hurt.
The vampire I’m fighting slams my body into the solid side of the dam with a vicious snarl. I plant my hands against the concrete and shove backwards into him.
He stumbles back and I follow up my advantage, raining kicks and punches on the vulnerable points of his body. But he still recovers and whips a fist across my cheek. The blow knocks me backwards, into the guardrail, clear of him—giving Chase a clean shot. 
Two loud bangs later, my second attacker is dropping to the ground.
I whirl around to my brother, but it looks like James has shot the other Thatcher twin.
I swing my gaze around. I have the terrible feeling that there’s something we missed. 
Beside me, Madelyn yelps. I whip back to face her. It’s Uncle Devin. He has Madelyn in a death-grip as he leans back over the guardrail. If Chase or James fire their guns and shoot him, he’ll fall and take Madelyn with him. How he managed to keep out of all the fighting, I have no idea. 
Damian springs to his feet. His eyes flash red and his fangs shoot down. “I’m going to rip you in quarters,” he hisses.
Uncle Devin doesn’t seem to care. “And risk scratching your human dainty? I hardly think so. You two, Huntsmen. Drop the guns, please. I would hate to have to damage something so lovely.” He presses his mouth against the side of Madelyn’s neck. She uses an unladylike word and kicks back at him. Her blows have no effect.
Damian growls, but knows better than to try rushing for our uncle. 
Chase and James lower their guns, but don’t holster them and certainly don’t take their eyes off Uncle Devin.
I stand not three yards away, fists balled at my sides, fangs begging to come free. I think of a night one year ago. A night when Uncle Devin and my father handcuffed me to a wall and made me watch as they drank Fletcher dry while he screamed. I think of all the times I disobeyed Uncle Devin and he punished me by drinking my blood. I think of the way he’s taunting Damian now, taunting him with the creature Damian loves most in this world. Damian, the creature I love most in this world. And it’s all Uncle Devin.
A burning lust for his blood fills my soul. 
My eyes glint crimson. My fangs burst free. A savage animal snarl tears from my throat and I lunge for him. I yank the pocket knife out and jam the whole three-inch blade into his shoulder. He yelps in pain and hesitates, giving me the opening I need.
I rip Madelyn from his grasp and shove her forward, into Damian. He catches her, wraps her in his arms, and carries her well away. I rake my hand through Uncle Devin’s short hair and clench as much of it as I can grab. I jerk his head back as he did to me so many times. I briefly see the deliciously shocked, completely stunned look on his face before I drive my fangs into his throat. 
I bite and tear, not drinking, just destroying. A garbled scream erupts from him as his vocal cords vibrate beneath my mouth. He struggles, trying to push me off him. A hard fist lands against my stomach. It does him no good. I shove him further back, pushing him over the guardrail, leaning against him as I wreak havoc on his throat. Cool blood soaks my mouth and runs down my scarred neck. It tastes chalky and metallic, nothing like human blood. 
I keep biting, acting out of pure rage. Uncle Devin’s body stops writhing. Soon his body is giving away, sinking over the edge of the guardrail. I realize too late that I’m sinking with him. 
I try to regain my balance, to pull back, but I keep falling. I claw at the edge of the guardrail, fighting for dear life. 
Someone grabs my collar and yanks me back. I tumble to the concrete walkway, my mouth filled with my uncle’s blood as his body plummets over the edge and down, down into the river. Even if I hadn’t completely obliterated every vein and artery above his shoulders, there’s no way anyone could survive that. He’s dead.
So why don’t I feel better?
I crumple to the ground, clumsily smearing his blood off my face. The bright red stuff stains dark patches on my purple sweater. Even my jeans are splotched with it. The concrete where he was standing has a few bright red stains, too.
I just killed someone. It was Uncle Devin and I should be happy. I tried to kill him a number of times over the nine months I served as his assistant. He helped kill Fletcher. I wanted this. So why do I feel defiled, like I’ve done something wicked?
Kneeling on the Tom Miller Bridge, stained in the blood of a vampire who killed the boy I loved, in front of two Huntsmen, I start to cry. The tears come quick and mercilessly before I can bat them away or even hope to hold them back. I double over, sobbing like some pathetic sap as I replay what I’ve just done over and over inside my head. 
It makes me sick. Why does it make me sick?
I’ve heard people say revenge is sweet, but all I have is a chalky taste in my mouth and an unreasonably guilty conscience. Why, why, why?
Someone touches my shoulder. I look up, expecting to see Damian. But it isn’t Damian, it’s Chase. I try to read his expression through my tear-ridden eyes, but I can’t.
Chase grasps my wrist and pulls me to my feet. “Come on,” he says. “We need to get out of here.”

Chapter Nine

We let the troll go. Not only was he the lone survivor among Uncle Devin’s men, but he also won’t be able to scent us and track our trail. 
And we all agreed that someone should tell our father what happened. That I killed Uncle Devin. That we’ve made allies of Huntsmen.
We drive Madelyn and Damian back to the Falkner house where Mrs. Falkner, Mary, is waiting to welcome us. She still seems a little uneasy around me and Damian, but she gushes over Madelyn and makes sure she gets some proper clothes.
I’m still a bit apprehensive about the Falkners, but I don’t see how we have much of a choice and they seem alright now.
Once I’ve changed clothes, Chase and I drive back to the motel and pick up the bags. I’m aware of him staring at me as I take the blood pouches out of the refrigerator, but neither of us says anything.
We return to the Falkner house sometime later in the evening. Madelyn and Damian are already up in their room when I arrive. I help Chase, Seth, and Luke—who turns out to be Seth’s little brother—dowse everything in wolfsbane before going up to check on them.
I find the door to the cozy guest room wide open and Madelyn asleep in a knitted cardigan, curled up like a kitten in the crook of Damian’s arm while he watches her sleep with a soft smile on his face. His fingertips softly caress the side of her face as though she’s a priceless treasure. The sight brings a bittersweet feeling to life inside me and I leave them alone without even letting him know I was there.
On my way back toward the stairs, I run into Chase. We exchange apologies and I’m about to move past him, when he stops me.
“Hadassah.”
I think that just might be the first time he’s used my name. Though, it’s been such a busy day, I could just be forgetting. I consider telling him that all my friends call me Haddie, but I don’t want to risk him thinking he’s been granted the rank of friend.
“I might’ve saved your life. Twice. But don’t think that means I trust you or that we’re friends or that I won’t be watching you.”
He did save my life, didn’t he? Twice, now that I think about it. I feel a prickle of annoyance that he had to bring it up. Pompous jerk.
I plaster a honeyed smile across my lips. “I didn’t think for a moment it did,” I coolly responded. “And right back attcha, buddy.” If Chase or any of the other Huntsmen plan to make a move against Damian or Madelyn, they can start making funeral arrangements now. I wink at Chase once before sweeping past him down the hall. 
My father will not be thrilled when he hears about what I did to Uncle Devin. I’m not thrilled with what I did. But I think I can live with it. I don’t know what’s going to happen. I know there are going to be problems, creatures my father will doubtless send after my brother, Madelyn, and me. 
There will probably be plenty of assassins meant for the Falkners, too. And I know that when it happens, that will involve me, Damian, and Madelyn now that we seem to be living under the same roof. Though, things may not stay that way for long. Just one more issue we may or may not have to worry about.
Right now, Madelyn and Damian are safe upstairs in a quiet room and no one’s trying to kill me, either. Right now, we’re far, far away from our father and his minions.
Right now, we’ve won.
Suddenly, I’m the closest I’ve been to happiness in a year.

###

Did you enjoy this book? Consider leaving a short review on Goodreads or your eBook retailer and tell the world!


Hadassah, Damian, Madelyn, and Chase are back in the next installment of the Fanged Princess series out now!



How much would you sacrifice for a love that wasn’t yours? 

Hadassah managed to befriend her kind’s worst enemies and save her brother and the human girl he loves from the Vampiric King—once. After a month spent in quiet hiding under the protection of the Huntsmen, a surprise attack from a band of Kaiju shatters their brief reprieve. Faced with new challenges and new threats, Hadassah and the others must once more fight for her brother and the girl who stole his heart. And this time, the Vampiric King isn’t the only one they need fear… 

Action, suspense, humor, and romance collide in this anticipated sequel from teen author, Elisabeth Wheatley.

About the Author



Elisabeth Wheatley  is a teen author of the Texas Hill Country. When she’s not daydreaming of elves, vampires, or hot guys in armor, she is wasting time on the internet, fangirling over indie books, and training her Jack Russell Terrier, Schnay.

Where to find her:
Blog
Facebook
Goodreads
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr

Sign up for Elisabeth’s mailing list

Other works by 
Elisabeth Wheatley

Argetallam Saga
The Key of Amatahns
The Secrets of the Vanmars
The Chalice of Malvron
and
The Temple of Tarkoth
Coming Soon
