Twisted Fate
Orc Destiny Volume I
A Blood and Brotherhood Novel
By Jeremy Laszlo



© 2013 by Jeremy Laszlo.
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.

All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Books by Jeremy Laszlo
Clad in Shadow (Poetry for a Burdened Soul)

The Blood and Brotherhood Saga
(Young Adult Paranormal Fantasy, Ages 15+)
The Choosing (Book One of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)(**FREE**)
The Chosen (Book Two of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Changing (Book Three of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
Crimson (Book 3.5 of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Contention (Book Four of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Champions (Book Five of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Crowned (Book Six of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)

Orc Destiny Trilogy (A Blood and Brotherhood series)
(Dark Fantasy, Ages 13+ for gore and violence)
Twisted Fate (Orc Destiny, Volume I)
Fallen Crown (Orc Destiny, Volume II)
Three Kings (Orc Destiny, Volume III)

The Beyond Series
(Adults only due to extreme mature content)
Beyond The Mask (The Beyond Book One)
Beyond The Flesh (The Beyond Book Two)
Beyond The Soul (The Beyond Book Three)

Children of the After series
(Post-apocalyptic, Ages 10+)
Children of the After: AWAKENING (**FREE**)
Children of the After: REVELATION
Children of the After: EVOLUTION
Children of the After: REBIRTH

PROLOGUE
Many gods there were who gathered to create the world. Each of them lent an equal gift of their own power, of their own life force, to create all things living upon Thurr. This method of creation allowed them all to remain equally powerful, working together to create perfection. Through eons they watched their world grow and prosper.
Civilizations arose and their creations learned and thrived upon the land that had been made for them. With expanding civilizations came the discovery of neighbors. With that discovery came borders. With borders came disputes and ultimately wars erupted from time to time upon the world that the gods had made. Among all of their creations upon Thurr, the many races of man held the gods enthralled. The creatures were but a speck in the shadow of the gods who had breathed life into them, yet the many races of man never failed to surprise their makers. So it was that men were to teach the gods who made them many lessons.
All gods were equal, and being so, many concepts had never occurred to them. The races of man, however, were not all equal. Some of the races had higher intellect, others had more brawn and larger physical prowess, but these differences occurred between different races and thus the gods expected different cultures to arise to fit the needs of the peoples. What they had not suspected came not in a physical form, but from within individuals of individual races.
As time progressed, the gods stood in the heavens watching the races of man, awed by the spectrum of concepts they had never before postulated. Honor, trust, courage, fear, hope, loss, excitement, vanity, greed, lust and ambition were just a few of the lessons gleaned by the gods from their own creations. Above all, however, jealousy was learned by the gods.
Though none of the gods would outwardly show it, each had become jealous of the races of man. Wanting to experience what man experienced for themselves, the gods took council with their brethren. It was unanimously decided that each of them would take the form of a mortal, walk among man and learn firsthand all that they could from their mortal kin. They decided to reconvene later to share all that they had discovered. Each of them was given one lifetime among the many species of men. Thus they set their ethereal bodies aside, wrapping themselves in the flesh of whatever race most inspired them. Leaving the plane of immortals vacant, the gods came to roam Thurr, living among mankind.
Eventually all the gods returned to their realm. Although only moments in the time of gods had passed, it soon became evident that something had gone amiss. A struggle for power had begun in the heavens. Fueled by their newly learned jealousy and greed, the immortals began striking out at one another with the only instruments they held against their own kind. They used man.
Learning that with more followers ultimately came more power, the gods began creating champions of mortals to spread their own worship. In every major battle for thousands of years, it was those champions that led the charge, but as always things were changing.
For all recorded history, battles have now waged upon Thurr to one degree or another, but at long last the heavenly battle brought to mortal soil approaches an apex. Those chosen among the races of mankind to be blessed by the gods are becoming more and more powerful as the gods who control them become more desperate.
With so much on the line for the many races of man, only a few realize what it is that hangs in the balance. Even those races considered primitive have begun to rise up with champions of their own, as the world faces a war unlike anything ever seen before.
But with change comes questions. And with questions comes knowledge. With knowledge comes truth, and with truth comes action.


CHAPTER ONE
It was dry and miserable as the sun sunk slowly to the horizon over the dunes and sparse grasslands that extended away from camp. Flies swarmed and bit Gnak’s bare back and shoulders, causing small bumps to rise upon his blue-black flesh. Shrugging repeatedly, and whipping his head from side to side, he attempted to fend them off while shoveling the last of his meal into his waiting mouth with a spoon carved of human bone. In less than an hour, when the light faded, the flies would abate and allow him to better concentrate on what awaited. The anticipation was killing him.
Though just days away, a ceremony that would change his life forever would begin, he had no time now for thinking of such distant events. For Gnak life was about here and now. It was about survival. It was about cunning, and hunting, and killing. As an Orc approaching Catunga, the ceremony that marked him as an adult and established his rank among his people, Gnak knew his every action was being watched. Those who performed Catunga with him sought his weaknesses, and tonight’s hunt would be no different.
Rising from his position upon the ground he straightened the necklace around his neck, reminding those who watched him of the many boars and bears he had brought down. Grinning a wicked grin, he flashed his large, tusk-like teeth as his silver eyes flashed in the failing light. Bending to retrieve his crude sword, he shoved it in his belt before flexing his muscles in a feigned stretch. Sure his watchers were thoroughly reminded, Gnak strode to his tent with his shoulders back and head held high. Being proud, with a strong family name, he knew few among his clan were his rival. Even his home spoke of his strength.
With a base of stacked stones and poles thrust down into the sand, his tent was one of the more impressive in the camp. It was covered entirely in the hides and skins of those greatest among the beasts he slaughtered. He remembered every kill down to the breaths he took. Such victories were to be savored.
There were those who had tents that were grander, though. His own father had one such tent. A few other elders in the camp had great sprawling domiciles as well, but the only one Gnak refused to admire was just paces away. It belonged to Korx, his rival from the time they could crawl. Shaking the thoughts from his head, Gnak tried not to recall the broken bones, swollen eyes, and bloodied faces they had exchanged over the years. There was no time for distraction. There was only hunting and Catunga.
Snatching the spear from beside the flap of his tent Gnak peered across his small camp to see who else prepared to collect game for the feast. Just as he suspected, all who would enter the ceremony with him had come out to provide for their clan. Like him, most of his clan mates carried spears with a short sword in reserve. But not Korx. He instead preferred two short swords. It showed he was not afraid to get close to the beasts he killed, and most would agree that it was a proud act, and one deserving of respect. Most. Not all.
Turning to watch the last sliver of the sun slip into the beyond, Gnak turned and looked off to the foothills of the mountains to the north. Tonight he would seek out an enormous beast. Tonight he would kill that which would bring respect to him and his father. Tonight he would show them that he had what it took to be a captain.
Grinning again, Gnak jogged out beyond the edge of the camp. Setting his sights on a point in the distance, he leveled his breathing and leaned forward as he gained speed. Digging his toes into the sand with every stride he rushed towards his destination, the sharp, dry blades of desert grass slicing at his scarred legs to little effect. He had been the first to leave the camp this night, but he knew nearly four dozen would be hunting the same grounds as he in the hours to come. Redoubling his speed, he moved as fast as his massive legs would carry him. He needed to find the most magnificent beast. His elders and his clan would expect no less. He would not disappoint them.

Little more than an hour into the night and more than a dozen miles later, Gnak broke free from the sand to set his feet upon more solid ground. Here the sandy grass turned to hills of brush and rock. Only a handful of miles ahead, the base of the mountains began. Raising his chin into the cool breeze that flowed down from the mountain he sniffed hungrily, the air rushing into and out of the two slits for nostrils that adorned his face. With no sign or scent catching his attention, he turned briefly to witness as dozens of forms raced through the darkness behind him. It was one thing, looking out for the beasts he was hunting. But it was entirely another knowing that the others of his own clan were just as likely to be hunting him. After all, there was no shame in eliminating your competition. It was more or less the primary means for promotion in the Orcish hierarchy.
Gnak silently dared them to come, he was raised to have no fear or compassion, and would show them neither. How much more glorious would the return from the hunt be if he brought with him not only a magnificent beast, but also the tusks of those who wished to gain position by his death? Turning again, he began to run once more into the night with a wolfish grin upon his purple lips.
Another half an hour, and he rushed past the first trees that marked the edge of the base of the mountains. From here on he knew it would be slower going, forced to climb uphill against both gravity and the breeze. But even so, he would not back down from the challenge. In fact, he intended to climb higher than he would normally hunt, for there were stories that said only the strongest of his prey could survive higher up.
Catunga began in three nights. So no matter what prey he found, he would need to return to camp with it in time to skin it, and have it prepared for the feast. Most large game needed a full day and night to roast upon a spit, cutting a full third off of the time he had. No, he needed to bag his trophy tonight and return to camp, even if it meant staying up the entire day that followed.
His deadline set, Gnak turned towards the largest trail that climbed the mountain. If he planned to climb higher than the rest he needed an easy approach to remain ahead of them. Besides, it was more than likely that only a few would dare venture as high as he. If any at all.
Reaching the trail he once again increased his pace, finding the well beaten path much easier to traverse. It was only an hour into his climb that he heard the roar from below. He recognized the sound instantly, and knew it to be one of the great brown bears that inhabited the mountain’s wooded slopes. By the pitch he guessed it to be a smaller bear, perhaps a yearling or slightly older. Any bear was a prize to be had, but he was glad his brethren were so easily satisfied. With so little ambition, those such as the bear’s slayer were not likely to pose a threat in the days to come.
Climbing higher and higher it was near the middle of the night, with the twin moons of Thurr, one blue and one red, directly above, that he saw the first immense track. Reaching down he placed both of his hands inside the impression in the soil, his fingers spread to their full extent. He did not even touch the edges of the track with both hands within it. At nearly nine feet tall, with broad shoulders and massive arms, Gnak was not small for an Orc by any means. His hands were large, even for an Orc and yet the track in the damp soil before him proved from a beast that would dwarf him by half.
Looking up the mountain side it was evident where the beast had passed, its tracks obvious in the damp soil. Gnak could not be certain if it was good or bad that he would be able to track the creature so easily. If he could track it, so could the others, and he would not want to find himself pinned between the beast and those who wished him harm. There was little choice in the matter, however, as this was precisely the type of creature he had sought. He knew, without even making a conscious decision, that he would track the creature back to its den if he needed to.
Without fear he altered course and began climbing once again through the darkness, away from the trail and into the ever thickening forest upon the mountain slopes. Here were mostly pines and ferns, interlaced with various vines and a smattering of mushrooms. The beast’s trail blazing through the undergrowth was easy enough to follow, and as such Gnak felt he was making good time.
Sniffing the air as he climbed, it was only an hour later when he picked up the distinct scent of the beast. Even by its smell it was monstrous, its odor reeking of decaying flesh, urine, and feces. Looking up through the canopy he located the stars he needed to mark his location, before his attention was broken from his calculations of his distance from camp. His head snapping down as he heard a branch crack with a snick, he slowed to a stop to listen as the sound was followed then by a rustling. Ahead, not far, was movement. It was slow and deliberate. Another branch snapped. Gnak sprang into action.
Ducking off the trail of prints and stench he followed, he quietly crept through the undergrowth, carefully selecting every footfall. Creeping, he sought to flank the creature and land a killing blow with one quick strike between the ribs. Following the ever moving sound he climbed slowly up and around his target, following it into a dense copse of firs. Ducking from shadow to shadow beneath the moons he crept on, growing nearer and nearer to the sounds ahead. It was not until he broke free of the dense trees into the clearing beyond that he realized his mistake.


CHAPTER TWO
His movements had been anticipated. His foe awaited him. And now there was nothing to do but act and react. Springing into action, Gnak ducked the thrown spear and sprang forward into a roll. As he came to his feet, another spear lanced out of the shadows, slashing through his bicep, the impact turning him and shoving his balance off center. Still he did not retaliate. Instead he bent his knees, lowering his center of gravity, and turned to watch them close the distance, assuring himself there were not more lurking in the shadows. Cowards.
Flexing his muscles taut, it was finally time to fight. Swinging his spear overhead in a great arc as if it were a sword or club, he relaxed his grip and let the handle slide through his grasp until he held the butt end. Then tightening his grip, he swung yet another arc, lashing out with his arm at the last moment as if brandishing a whip. With perfect accuracy he slashed the forehead and scalp of the nearest foe, sending the charging Orc down upon his back, blood pouring down its face. Without hesitation, Gnak sprang upon his clansman and as he landed he drove the spear down through his opponent’s throat, watching the blood spurt and pool around the wound as it widened. Pinning the thrashing and gurgling attacker to the ground, he sprang away from the flailing limbs, leaving his spear behind. There remained yet another attacker and Gnak was prepared for him. But by all apparent sounds the secondary threat had decided to flee rather than fight. Gnak could not allow a coward to live among his clan, and as such he gave chase to the sounds of his enemy’s retreat.
It was only a mile further up the mountain when he knew he neared the other who had sought to remove him from the Catunga ceremony. He could smell the scent of her sweat, though found himself surprised that his second attacker had been a female. All Orcs were soldiers, and all Orcs were trained to fight from birth, but females rarely openly fought males, as males were bigger and stronger. Instead, females gained station by those she bred. Gnak assumed that this particular female had bred, or intended to breed the Orc he had just killed. The thought made him grin, as he broke through a line of trees to realize that the sounds ahead had stopped abruptly. So too did he stop.
A great roar sounded from just paces ahead, as a humongous beast reared back on its hind legs, caught by surprise. So close was his female attacker to the ancient bear that froth from the corners of the beast’s mouth rained down on her as the roar continued. She stood frozen for an instant, and Gnak knew that it was all the time she had before the beast even attacked. But when it did, he had not expected what he saw.
As if she were little more than a hare, the great bear, standing all of twenty feet on its hind legs, swatted the Orc female, now recognizable as Kagi, with one giant paw. So ferocious was the blow, and so great the claws upon its paw, that bits of her entrails and blood sprayed across his face as her broken carcass was flung more than forty feet from where she had stood. No scream. Nothing.
Gnak watched it, as if in slow motion, as the bear, graying from age, moved with such power it belied reality. Opening its great maw once more it roared in victory, twisting its head this way and that, as it came crashing down to the earth upon all four of its massive limbs. It was fall on the mountain and the bears were packing on as much weight as was possible, and this one was immense. The ground shook slightly at its massive weight crashing down, and with the movement Gnak met the eyes of the beast and knew the beast had the upper hand.
Having left his spear further down the mountain, he stood before the giant of a bear with naught but a torn bicep and a short sword. The bear charged.
Though it was not fear that drove him, the only viable option he could see was the one he took. Leaping aside, Gnak began to sprint down the mountainside with the great bear hot on his heels. Picking his path carefully, he dodged between trees too close together for the bear to pass, yet it kept coming, smashing trees aside as it growled and roared behind him in hatred and anger. The ground shook beneath them. Leaping through tangles of vines and brambles, he dove headfirst between two stout trees, rolling back to his feet before he turned.
Knowing the bear would be forced to squeeze between the thick trunks, he watched as it reared and jumped to find more space between the trees the higher they grew. Without a plan for retreat, Gnak sprang towards the great beast instead of away. Landing beneath the creature as it came barreling down to the soft loam beneath them, Gnak pulled his blade from his belt and thrust it straight up into the falling behemoth. Blade, hilt, hand, and arm all penetrated up into the steaming heat that was the bear’s chest cavity. Gnak felt as he severed muscle, blood vessels, and finally organs as blood rained down in a torrent upon him. The bear half roared, half screamed in pain as it batted at him, its weight crashing down upon him. He tried to extract himself, releasing the sword in an attempt to dive aside, but to no avail.
Down the beast came, trapping him beneath its great weight, a full half of his body becoming pinned beneath the creature. Fortunately for Gnak, the beast was a great deal fur and soft tissue surrounding the majority of its bulk. For even though he awaited the sounds and sensations of his bones shattering beneath the creature, he was relieved when only one snap sounded, just a finger that he had broken dozens of times before.
The bear scratched and trashed but seemed unable, momentarily, to regain its feet. Whether the beast’s inability to rise was from the damage he had done, or its own immense weight, he could not be certain, but Gnak knew he would not survive if the beast recovered.
Growling much like the bear atop him, Gnak struggled to shift himself further beneath the creature instead of free from it. Twisting and shoving, he thrust his hand into the wound his sword had made and found the weapon in absence. With no other option available to him, he reached further still into the wound and there he felt that which he sought.
Feeling through the hot and sticky blood, he brushed the pulsing of the great beast’s heart and, finding it too big for even his hand, he grasped at the huge vessels that entered the organ and tore with all his might. An unnatural moan broke free from the ancient bear’s throat as blood poured from the chest cavity, coating them both in its gore. Thrashing wildly, the bear clawed and snapped but could not reach him. Tearing more and more of the vessels in his grasp, with a final yank the bear ceased its screams. Gnak relished in the silence.
Now all he needed to do was figure out how to get free from the massive creature, and get it down from the mountain without one of his kin trying to claim it for their own.


Thanks to the copious amounts of blood and other internal fluids, the act of extracting himself from the beast turned out fairly easy with the added lubrication. Rounding the corpse of the bear he found his crude blade, and smiled at the giant tongue lolling out the side of the bear’s mouth. Sticking his own tongue back at the creature momentarily, he pulled it back in and snapped his thick, jutting jaw shut. It was odd how all dead things stuck out their tongues. Pondering it a moment, he decided he liked dead things. He could eat them, skin them and wear them, make things from their bones. They really were quite handy, and this one provided him with all sorts of possibilities.
Knowing that none could easily steal his kill, he rushed back to the nearest of his fallen brethren. Rolling over her shattered corpse, he was amazed to find her still breathing. Pulling his blade from his belt he straddled her, taking her head by the hair. Wrenching her head back, he flipped his blade over and smashed her face with the pommel of his sword. Over and over he smashed her brutally, until he had thought the deed complete. Then, reaching into her wrecked mouth he extracted the pair of large, tusk like, canine teeth from her bottom jaw.
Dropping them into the pouch on his belt he rose, turning and striding further still down the mountainside. Approaching the ring of fir trees he cautiously ducked between them, spying his dead foe still pinned to the ground. Looking around, making certain no further attackers lingered, he decided it was safe and proceeded.
Stepping upon the chest of the fallen Orc he grasped the shaft of his spear with both hands and ripped it free from soil and foe in a single tug. Still requiring his prize, he used his foot to turn the dead Orc’s staring face to the side. Then, pinning it there with his foot he slid the tip of his spear into its mouth, wedging it behind the large pair of teeth he sought. Then, prying against the back of the mouth, a series of cracking sounds followed as the teeth’s roots tore free from the jaw.
Then, without hesitation, he collected the tusks and quickly returned to his game. The great beast was exactly as he had left it, and even now he could see no way of getting the mammoth back to camp. It was a massive thing covered in matted bristling hair of brown, gold, and grey. Its large head was the size of Gnak’s torso, and paws the size of his chest. He would need to devise a way to transport the enormous corpse, and quickly.
A litter like those used for the injured was not even likely to work, as the beast was simply too heavy to drag. What he really needed was a cart of some sort, or some way to leverage the beast down the hill. He thought of simply placing a sturdy branch beneath the creature and trying to roll it, but such a thing was not likely to have good results. Then it struck him. He needed to make the bear roll of its own accord.

It took hours, breaking the green branches from the pines, sliding them beneath the bear and bending them into hoops before binding them with vines scavenged from the forest floor. It too took hours more to then twist the various hoops made of green limbs within one another and lash them into place. But before the sun broke the horizon, marking a new day, Gnak appraised his work with a grunt of satisfaction.
Before him stood an immense cage-like structure made of intertwined vines and limbs, that for all basic description had formed a giant ball. Within the ball, the corpse of the great bear laid, a mass of blood-soaked and matted fur, claws, and great pink tongue. From either side of the great wooden orb a log protruded, acting as a central shaft, and upon each opposite end of the shaft a vine was looped. Gnak hoped that the two reins upon each side of the contraption would be enough to allow him a controlled descent, simply following behind the rolling ball, creating resistance upon one direction or the other to guide the thing. He also hoped the ball would not shoot down the mountainside like a bat out of the abyss, and drag him to his death behind it. He would have to keep its momentum to a minimum, at least until he neared the bottom. There was only one way to test his control, however, and he cracked his knuckles, and grabbed the reins to begin his trek down the slopes.
Approaching the makeshift ball, he gave it one great shove and watched as it rocked forward. Preparing to dig in his heels, to prevent an uncontrolled descent, he was summarily disappointed. For no further than a few degrees did the contraption roll, before the weight of the bear within it caused it to roll right back where it started. He would need to push harder.
Bending at his knees, he dug his toes into the soil and, reaching down to grab as low as was possible, he thrust upwards with his legs, back, shoulders, and arms as the great ball of limbs rolled nearly half way over. Inside it, the great bear appeared to cling to the outer wall of the device until it neared the apex, where it fell unceremoniously back to the bottom, bringing it once again to an immediate stop. “Gaaack!” Gnak roared in frustration.
Stomping around his contraption for a moment, his arms thrown up in momentary defeat, he quickly devised a plan. Scrounging up more lengths of vine, he laced it through and through the device, securing the great beast in place. Satisfied with his quick decision-making and solution, he again squatted down, this time with his back to the device. Reaching low behind him, he found suitable handholds and thrust upwards with all his might, nearly jumping as his muscles recoiled with such energy. Turning to watch the results, he was pleased to see the contraption make a revolution.
Over it turned, the weight of the bear slowing it as the mass of fat and fur reached the top, then over the other side the bear rolled, and the giant ball of pine limbs and vines seemed to pick up momentum as it made the second half of the rotation.
Again, up the bear came as it slowed, and again Gnak watched as it picked up speed as the bear again descended within the ball. Then again, as it really began to gather momentum. “Gaaack!” he swore again.
Racing after the ball, having forgotten to reclaim the reins, he watched as they bounced and whipped about behind the ball as it continued to increase in speed and momentum. It was only a matter of time before it crashed into a large tree that would leave him starting over yet again.
Half bowling over, half bouncing off of a small green pine, the giant ball took to the air momentarily before crashing hard to the ground again as vines and boughs within it creaked, a few cracking beneath the assault. Gnak ran furiously behind it and without fear for life or limb he sprang headlong into the air, grasping the first of the reins with his fingertips. Bouncing behind the ball, he clung to the vine for all he was worth, rolling and waiting for the proper conditions to regain his feet. Branches, rocks, and even ferns battered him from all angles as he tumbled, dragged ceaselessly on. It was only seconds before the cage smashed first into a sapling and then glanced off a larger tree, slowing its speed slightly. It was enough for Gnak to right himself, and finding his feet he took up the chase, one vine securely in hand.
He tried to slow the raging ball by creating drag upon the single line, but it only slowed slightly as it began to turn towards the right. Ahead was what appeared to be an impenetrable wall of trees, so Gnak did the only thing available to him.
Digging in his heels he pulled with all his might, leaning back with both hands, grasping the makeshift rein in a death grip. The ball careened to the right in an arc as his feet slowed, nearly turning back uphill as it spun against him as its anchor. Then, as the ball rose up to become beside him, he allowed it to again begin rolling down the hill, but this time he raced along at its side, a wicked grin on his face.
Less than a hundred yards ahead, a small pine stood alone at least a few dozen yards before the wall of trees. The larger trees around them created nearly a perfect trail, as if divine intervention had created this place for just this circumstance. Racing along beside the great ball, he smashed into it with his shoulder again and again, driving it further and further away from him, lining up on his target. One second he was running, the next… He wasn’t.
Sprinting down the mountainside at full speed, attached to a giant ball of wood and vine, Gnak brought his plan to fruition. Racing headlong, guiding the cage down, he watched as the small pine passed between them, the vine connecting them suddenly becoming taut, yanking upon his hands with unnatural force. Nearly torn from his feet, he swung around the tree, opposite of the large round cage. Instead of being smashed to pieces by the cage, which was precisely what he now envisioned happening, he barely missed the wooden monstrosity and instead was clotheslined by the opposite end of the vine.
With an audible snap his jaw was smashed closed, as the vine connected with his throat and his feet came out from under him. Over and over he summersaulted through the air backwards, around the tree, before hitting the ground with an oomph, rolling to a stop.
Dislocated shoulder? Check. Broken tooth? Check. Wrist beginning to swell from having been yanked and bent at an odd angle? Check. Gnak grinned from ear to ear. His plan had worked.
Sitting up, he inspected his injuries, pulling bits of moss, dirt, and leaves from the gash in his bicep. It still appeared to be the worst of the damage. Untwisting the vine from around his hand and wrist, he was sure to keep tension on it lest the ball begin rolling once more and drag him into the wall of trees below. Assured that his wrist would recover, he turned his attention to his finger. Though it had broken earlier, it wasn’t until now that it had twisted to an odd degree. Grasping it with his other hand, he pulled it straight again with a snapping sound that caused him to grimace. Nodding his approval as it appeared to be straight once more, he rose from the ground and dusted himself off.
Taking the second rein, he watched downhill as a shadow darted amongst the trees there. He debated leaving the bear and rolling cage behind to pursue the Orc that watched him from the shadows, but did not trust the tree to hold the weight of the bear over an extended time. As it was, it had become half uprooted from the blow he and the bear had given it. With no other option, he carefully untangled himself from the tree and again watched as nothing happened.
Clenching his jaw, not wanting to show the one that watched his frustration, he put back to ball once more and shoved, keeping a rein firmly in each hand. As before, the rolling mass of limbs gave way and over it flipped unevenly. This time Gnak was ready for it and trotted behind the thing, guiding it as best as he was able to the largest path between the trees he could see from his vantage. Occasionally setting his body against the motion, he would slow it to better control both speed and direction. His competition below vanished somewhere in the shadows, but Gnak kept his eyes peeled as best as he was able, preparing himself for an attack he knew was inevitable.

The sky was lighting dramatically as Gnak broke through the line of trees, the ball barely fitting between the massive trunks as he guided the massive thing. No sooner did he clear the row of trees than his opponent reappeared. Dropping down from the branches above the Orc, nearly as large as he, did the opposite of what Gnak expected. Instead of leaping right in for the attack, it sauntered along beside him a moment as he guided the ball, gradually slowing it down in case he needed to manage stopping it to fight.
“You want me help?” the Orc called out.
Gnak recognized the voice, though was uncertain of the Orc’s name. He was one of a pair of twins, neither known for their intelligence. Whether it was Kunk or Burl didn’t matter really, as he had no intentions of sharing his prize.
“We split great bear, have feast, be comrades,” the Orc shouted, keeping pace.
Then, Gnak saw the wisdom in the words from a usually unwise member of his clan. It would be easier to control the contraption with another handler. Why not share the labor? With a grunt he reached out his hand, and Kunk, or Burl, whichever one it was, took the left rein and helped to guide it further down the mountain.
For several hours the addition of a second body was a great asset. Controlling not only the speed but also the direction was much easier. Gnak was surprised how easy it was to work together to control the cage as they picked out a safe trail down the mountain. They saw no other Orcs along their decent, and if any others had seen them, they had not approached the apparent team.
After all, it was not uncommon for Orcs to create alliances in order to further their own causes. It was the reason they had clans consisting of many families. It was the reason separate clans came to the call of a single chief in times of war with other races. But usually, when it was no longer beneficial to all parties, such alliances would break up until deemed necessary once more. Such was the case, Gnak thought, of his current alliance.
Nearing the base of the mountains, the trees began to thin noticeably as the sun rose higher and higher into the sky. Pulling upon his rein tightly, Gnak began to drag upon the ball, altering its course to avoid a small ravine ahead. Of course it was not the only obstacle he noted. Suddenly letting go of his rein altogether, he shouted in dismay, as if it had been an accident. His temporary comrade fought with the cage as it began picking up speed, digging in his heels in an attempt to slow or stop the giant ball, but it was no use. Here the slope was too steep, the ball following a groove worn in the rocky soil by an eternity of rainfall down the mountainside. The great spherical cage followed the groove, dragging with it a now bouncing and rolling Orc to only one foreseeable location.
As the shallow groove in the earth narrowed ahead, it passed between a pair of trees. Gnak watched as the cage careened up one side of the shallow gorge, only to again alter course back into it. Down it went, Kunk or Burl crashing along behind it as it reached the breach between the two trees. Just as Gnak hoped, the ball passed between the trees, but the Orc passed outside the left tree. Like he had done earlier, the Orc was yanked hard, his body snapping like a whip, smashed full in the face by the cage as they met opposite the tree.
The impact was hard enough that it was apparent the Orc had become injured, its body bouncing back off the wooden surface to land in a heap upon its back. Gnak raced up to his fallen clan-mate and pounced upon him. Share labor? Yes. Reward? No. Viciously he plunged his sword into the back of his fallen temporary ally, penetrating between the ribs, through the heart and into the ground below. Jerking his blade free, he wiped it on the tattered leather armor of the fallen foe before rolling him over. Then, straddling the man’s chest, he smashed it in the face over and over with his pommel, breaking loose the teeth that would be his trophy. Pulling the tusks from the third destroyed mouth of the day, he dropped them into the pouch upon his belt and rose to again disentangle his cage from the tree. It was ruthless, he knew, but such knowledge was no burden on his soul. Remorse was not a trait he had learned. His people would be proud, and the clan would respect his kill. That was what mattered. To gain a position, you must first eliminate your competition, and then create a void in the position you wished to fill. It was simple, just, and fair. The strongest led while the weaker followed. Gnak wanted to lead.
With the rolling cage back under his control, he gave it a shove and once again followed as it picked up speed. This time he let it go as fast as was possible, and as soon as he had it on course he released the reins and simply chased the giant rolling cage of boughs. It would need a great deal of speed and momentum to carry it beyond the foothills and into the sands of the desert below. As it was, midday came as the ball rolled to a stop just a few paces into the sand. With a dozen or so miles left to traverse, Gnak took up the reins once more and pulling one up over each shoulder he grasped them against his chest and leaned forward, beginning to pull. Reluctantly the ball followed, half rolling, half dragging along through the sand, leaving a clear trail in Gnak’s wake.
Sweating after mere moments in the hot sun, his eyes burned in the bright light as the biting flies swarmed him. Slowly, ever so slowly, he dragged the beast along behind him, cursing the heat, the light, and the bear’s massive carcass. It was nightfall once again as he made it to the outskirts of his camp, covered in swollen lumps from the many bites he had suffered.


CHAPTER THREE
Comfortable darkness was reclaiming the land as Gnak dragged his kill into the camp, circumventing the short wall surrounding it. Those out and about gathered to witness his feat, his peers sneering, obviously outdone by his more ambitious prize. Pretending to keep to his task he peered around at the camp, taking in as much as he could while pulling his sword to begin cutting through the vines that lashed the cage together. Within the camp were the usual suspects. A bear here, a mountain lion there, each roasting upon a spit hung over a fire. A dire wolf was a great prize, and he saw two among the kills now roasting, but only one carcass within the camp was large enough in size to rival his own. At least from this vantage. From here, however, he could not tell just what the other large carcass belonged to.
Turning his attention back to the task at hand, he made a show of cutting the last vines as the boughs relaxed and opened up like a desert flower, spreading to show the ancient bear within. Many nodded in appreciation, a show of respect for the great beast and he the one who slayed it. Putting his sword to the bear’s belly, he sliced it from ribs down between its hind legs to its tail. Reaching within the great creature he pulled out guts and entrails, creating a pile of gruesome flesh in equal proportion to his own body. Once gutted, he set about the task of skinning the great beast with a crowd of onlookers. Most were his peers, the others to enter Catunga with him, but others were elders. These helped him to maneuver the carcass to better remove the hide and head.
When the gutting and skinning was compete, the hide and head were gathered by an Orc woman for tanning, where she would boil the brains and bush the putrid concoction onto the flesh to keep it from hardening or rotting. Gnak did not know her name. Did not care to, so long as she brought him back his hide when the work was complete.
The entrails were gathered by a male for use in crafting weapons and armor, before the giant skinned carcass was run through with a long iron rod and, with the help of his elders, Gnak and three others lifted the great bear and carried it to the center of the camp and placed it upon its supports. There it would be rotated for the remainder of the day, following night, and another day before being consumed by his clan.
It was the role of the strong to hunt, and he had proven to be very strong by providing a great meal for the feast. Such an accomplishment would serve him well at the conclusion of Catunga, for it would be factored into his ability to lead. With his kill roasting upon a spit, liquids already seeping from it to sizzle in the fire, Gnak turned to seek the shaman’s tent for herbs to pack the wound upon his arm with. It was then his eyes fell upon the other massive carcass that was at present being roasted like his own. Had it not been for the head upon the ground near the spit, he still would not have recognized it for what it was. At least not right away.
There upon the ground lay the severed head of a sand giant. Its giant eye had swiveled back into its head, revealing an orb of white crisscrossed with purple veins. Below the eye was a beak-like nose structure, and below that was a great round mouth filled with row after row of razor–sharp teeth. Upon its head were knobby spikes used for bashing, and even now it looked dangerous. It was small for a giant, probably not yet an adult among their kind, but it was a giant nonetheless. Giants were men, and so were thinking and reasoning creatures. They fought with weapons, even the young ones. His ancient bear was not the best prize among the kills this hunt. Not by a long shot. Though sand giants were smaller than their mountain cousins, they were near impossible to bring down alone. Gnak knew only one Orc besides himself that would dare try. Korx. Once again he had been thwarted by his lifetime rival.
Angered, Gnak stomped away from the roasting giant, ignoring the enticing scent of its steaming flesh. Across the camp he strode, yanking the flap aside as he stormed into the shaman’s tent. He had not expected to see what he found within, and it angered him further still. There in the tent sat Korx with the shaman, having his own wounds dressed. Gnak would have to wait his turn.
Turning upon his heel to leave, preferring to wait outside rather than look upon his enemy, he was prevented a clean retreat when the giant killer spoke,
“Gnak kill big bear. Korx kill giant,” Korx bragged.
“Gnak kill biggest bear. Korx kill smallest giant,” Gnak replied with a snort.
“Small giant better kill. Big bear no better. I win.”
“Giant much bone, bear much meat. More clan eat bear. I win,” Gnak replied, knowing the statement was not entirely true. Sure, a bear had more meat, but the giant was obviously the tougher target. Even so, he watched as Korx struggled to piece together a response.
“Bear easy, giant hard,” he finally managed.
Though the words barely created any meaning, Gnak understood them and knew them to be true. Even so, his was a proud kill. There were still two more stages to Catunga, a task and a fight to the death. It would be the task that set them apart. He would focus on the celebration and feast ahead, until his task was given. He still had time to eliminate some competition, though it was not allowed in the camp and as such he could not use this opportunity to kill Korx, though the thought brought a wicked grin to his lips.
“I come back after,” Gnak grunted, and strode back out of the tent feeling Korx’s eyes upon his back.


Gnak had returned to the shaman later that first night and had his arm wound cared for along with a few more minor injuries, but that had been a full day ago. Now the preparations had been completed and, as the sun shrank slowly over the horizon, Gnak could not help the anxiety building within him. He wanted to know his task. He needed to know it. The Catunga ceremony tasks were what really made a difference. Such tasks required intelligence, cunning, strength, and endurance. All of which Gnak had, but he still could not wait to know the details. Pacing inside his tent, not wanting the others to see his impatience and mistake it for weakness, he waited for darkness to come.
When it did come, it was announced by the pounding of great war drums, a sign that the ceremony was starting. Kneeling before the bone shrine within his tent he prayed to Gogoc, the god of battle, Burliq, the god of hate and rage, and Keeka, the goddess of health and endurance. The gods had never seen fit to answer his call, but even so, Gnak knew that not praying to them was taking a chance he would rather not. A rare few of his kind were blessed by the gods, receiving gifts of strength, speed, and power. He wanted such gifts for himself.
Rising once again, he dipped his fingers in a bowl of blood collected from the ancient bear’s head and delivered to him the day before, and splashed it upon the shrine respectfully. Then turning, he ducked through the flaps of his home, adorned with his tooth necklace that now held the six tusks of his traitorous clan-mates. Striding across the camp towards the constant booming of the drums, he watched ahead as his clan gathered for the ceremony.
Though the ceremony would last the whole of the night, he wore every bit of armor he owned. It was mostly oiled leather, but the joints contained bits of chain armor made by the humans who had wandered into their lands a few years previous, and he even owned steel bracers, though steel here was rare and usually used only for weapons. He imagined himself an impressive sight, and making his way to the center of the camp he was assured of his conclusion. Most of his peers, similarly prepared, wore only leather and bone. Gnak grunted at his success. The elders would surely take note that he was worthy to win the proud title of captain.
Approaching the huge fire pit that marked the center of camp, he located his peers who joined him in Catunga. Finding himself a seat among the ring of his peers, he kicked at them, making them create a wider space for him. Of course there had already been suitably sized spots for him, just not where he wanted. Within moments the remaining stragglers arrived and Gnak noted that their number had already dropped by nearly a quarter. The elders filled in behind the ring of those to do Catunga, and six females of their tribe took up positions between those seated at the fire.
He watched as the females began to sway to the thrumming of the drum, and the shaman dumped some strange leaves in the fire as blue smoke began to roil out of it. The females then started discarding their clothing, retrieving large woven fans to spread the smoke into the gathered ring of those facing Catunga. The nude females danced, an entrancing, sexual collection of movements that seemed altogether a natural part of their fanning of the smoke. The women swayed in the firelight, their dark flesh a medley of dancing yellow and red light as their dark shadows crept across the surface of those who sat surrounding them. Gnak could feel the effects of the smoke almost instantly. Breathing it, he could feel his body calm, the tension dissipating with every breath. He felt his mind opening, the many what ifs and questions fleeing him to make room for the words that were surely to come soon.
The motions of the swaying and dancing women seemed to become blurred, as if behind a haze of smoke, as the shaman added yet more leaves to the fire. The smoke changed color and still the nude women danced, their bodies enticing the crowd around them. Gnak tried to focus, but the haze would not let him. He turned his head to see if any of his peers were unaffected, but the motion nearly made him topple over, his balance all but lost. It were as if the world around him had become a dream, but still he tried to remain alert, to concentrate as the voice of their clan chief began to boom over the thunderous drums.
“We proud. Tribe of Gathos. We proud cause we strong,” the chief began.
Gnak tried to focus on his words and follow their sound to the source with his eyes, but now he swayed with the drums and dancers, and could not seem to stop. Closing his eyes he found some relief, but now the chief’s words punctuated by drums were all that seemed to exist. So he clung to them as the leader of his clan continued.
“We strong cause Catunga. Begin Catunga, make clan proud. Watch you go. Make proud you return. Make clan stronger still. No finish Catunga, no return camp. Weak make clan weak. Gathos have no weak. Gathos strong. Hear my words. You task three. First go find enemies. War coming. Great chief say it. Capture enemy and return,” the chief began to explain.
Gnak understood the chief’s meaning even with his head swirling. He did not hear the words so much as see them within his head. He saw the Gathos tribe, proud and strong, and watched as they struck down their old and infirm. He envisioned himself leaving the camp with few provisions, his sword and spear at the ready. Then as the vision swirled again he saw the visage of a great black castle before him. He had never seen the thing, only been told of it by elders when he was young. It lay to the north in the lands of the humans. It was his destiny. It was his Catunga. Proud, he listened as still the chief spoke.
Again his dream-like vision changed and he saw the great chief standing before the chiefs of all the Orc tribes. The great chief was blessed by the gods and stood double the size of his kin, commanding them into battle. Shaking his head, Gnak struggled to listen on.
“Three part is sacrifice enemy to god you choose. Ask god give power. Win power. Make Gathos more strong. More proud.”
The chief’s voice was lost, the drums beating louder and louder, faster and faster as Gnak’s heart began to race with the beat. The new smoke smelled spicy, burning his nostrils, but the fog began to clear. Before he could open his eyes, he again pictured the massive black castle. He had his task. Capture an enemy and bring it back for sacrifice to the gods. Most would likely visit the goblins and trolls, their nearest neighbors who they fought most often. But Gnak knew that was not where he was supposed to go. No, he would venture north, across the mountains into the land of the humans where he had never ventured before.
With sweat beading upon his forehead he opened his eyes, his heart racing as if he fought the ancient bear once again. The fog abated and with it the dizziness, and he rose as the dancing women ceased their rhythmic movements.
Looking up to the stars, Gnak calculated that more than half of the night had passed in what felt to him was only minutes. Shaking his head once more, he felt somewhat lethargic as his heart began to slow. His tribe began gathering around the spits of roasting meat, hacking and pulling hunks off the carcasses before biting into the fistfuls of flesh. He hoped a belly full of good meat would chase away the odd feeling inside him, and as such sought out the great bear he had killed. Many surrounded the spit, pulling and slicing, but at his approach they cleared a path for him. It was his kill. He could take what he wanted.
Pulling his sword, still stained from Orc and bear alike, he carved a strip of meat from the beast’s back, close to the spine. Taking a huge bite he gnashed his teeth loudly, grunting his approval as he waved to allow the others to begin anew. Most would stuff themselves in preparation for the journey to the lands of their enemies, but Gnak had a different approach entirely. Heading back to his tent, he gathered up what few supplies he could muster. Tossing the bone spook and knife into a leather hide, he gathered up bits of dried meat he kept for days where the hunt was scarce. It was meager, but would sustain him for a few days. Beyond that he would have to rely on game for food.
Bundling the small hide with a leather cord, he tied it to his belt before again kneeling before the shrine of the Orc gods. A few mumbled thoughts and a splash of blood later, and Gnak strode from his tent into the path that would lead him out of camp. Without veering he struck out on a comfortable jog, straight east out of town towards the nearest goblin neighbors. If any watched him go, let them think he was taking an easy route. Gnak grinned into the night. Cunning and intelligence would win him the title of captain.


CHAPTER FOUR
The sun was lighting the sky above Gnak when he made the decision to take up his actual course. Turning to his left, he was careful not to leave a trail alerting any that followed that he was actually traveling north. Though if any found his trail here, more than forty miles out of camp, they would assume he was seeking the mountain giants that were known to inhabit the pass through the mountains nearby. The very pass he hoped to make by midday. Whereas Orcs were primarily nocturnal, giants were more active during the hours of sunlight. How they dealt with the burning sensation in their eyes all the time, Gnak was unsure, but if they were too dumb to sleep during the day it was their own fault.
Either way, he hoped to locate the pass and slip by the slower-of-thought giants unaware. Once beyond the pass, he believed he could travel fairly unimpeded into the lands of the humans. He did not know precisely where the giant black castle was, but if it was as large as stories would have him believe, it would not be difficult for him to locate.
Deciding his trail had been obscure for long enough, he gave his steps no further thought and began running northward with the searing sun baking his right side. The day was expectedly uneventful, with nothing of note other than a few goblin tracks and the growing mountains before him. The more miles he crossed, growing ever nearer to the base of the Rancor range here, the more obvious the pass through them became. At first it was a subtle change in the ground, the soil becoming packed and hard beneath his feet. Then an obvious path began to emerge where all plant life had been destroyed, leaving only a dusty trail that wound up through the hills ahead into a great chasm between the mountains. Once he reached the hills, the pass was even more obvious, and he began to realize that his plan would not be as simple as he had hoped.
Peering off into the distance from atop a rise, he could see the bodies of smashed and splattered goblins all along the mouth of the pass. The sounds of screams echoed out from its stone confines, and the clangs of metal carried their high pitched tune across the day’s stagnant air. Gnak reevaluated his plan.
Not only were there giants within the pass, but goblins too. All the more eyes to see him. He could try and find another way through the mountains but time was limited. Catunga only lasted one moon cycle. He had twenty eight nights. No more.
After a few moments’ thought he supposed that if the giants were busy with the goblins, then perhaps it could work to his advantage. If nothing else, goblins regularly entered the lands of the humans and often carried weapons and armor stolen from other races. Perhaps he could scavenge something useful from their corpses.
Decided, he changed course again, moving off the trail in order to stay out of sight as much as was possible. It was only an hour before he flanked the mouth of the pass, and nearing it he bent low to appraise the nearest goblin corpse.
They were a small race, growing less than half his height, and weighing only a fraction of his bulk. They had small wiry bodies in shades of green and gray, striped through with patterns of darker hues. Their small heads were angular with a mouth filled with small razor sharp teeth. Though much of that was obscure with this particular specimen.
Part of its body had been smashed, apparently stepped on by one of the giants, but even so he rifled through its clothing, finding nothing but a twisted blade of goblin make and various bits of metal and small shiny stones in a pouch upon its belt. He moved on. Three corpses later he located half of a goblin with something useful. Around its neck it wore a thick necklace of layered, metal chain armor. The thing was obviously too large for the goblin, but ripping it free from the corpse, Gnak was able to pass his head through the piece with little difficulty. It was a snug fit for his thick neck, but protected the whole of his throat from damage. It was valuable armor. Removing his own necklace from beneath the metal addition with some effort, he opened the pouch upon his own belt and dropped the necklace in. Then it struck him.
Every goblin corpse he had found carried a pouch. Though instead of teeth and bits of bone like he carried, the small leather or cloth pouches held different sized disks of various metals and shiny stones. If it was precious to them, could it not be useful to him as well? Dumping his own, larger pouch, he discarded that which he could easily collect again if he chose to. Then tying his necklace about his ankle, he returned to all the corpses he had already picked through and gathered up the metal disks and stones. For more than an hour he scavenged one corpse after another, working his way into the mouth of the pass itself. He had found a very well-crafted dagger, and a piece of armor a goblin wore upon its leg which fit nicely upon his forearm. By this point his pouch sagged from the weight within it, filled with the metal disks, jewelry in various fashions and the shiny stones in different colors. But still he collected.
Another hour passed and the sounds of the battle within the pass grew louder and louder. He now had five goblin pouches about his belt as well, each filled to capacity. Nearly a hundred goblins lay within the pass, each of them now stripped of the odd items they carried. Gnak was no fool. He knew it had to be their form of currency, but so heavy was his belt becoming that it threatened to snap beneath the weight. It was then that he made a decision.
Scaling up the side of one of the walls that was made by the gorge between the mountains, he found a deep crack within the stone. Carefully untying each pouch but his own, he placed them into the crack, out of sight from the ground below, or giant eyes above. Finished, he dropped back down to the trail below just as things took a sudden turn. From out of the pass ahead of him, goblins came running, rounding a corner in the pass, each of them scrambling as the ground began to shake beneath them. Gnak ducked low into the shadow of the stone wall and moved as quickly as he was able to exit the pass. Screams echoed louder and louder as the reverberating steps of the giants approached. He cleared the end of the pass just as the first goblins began to spill out as well. Carefully circling a tree beside the entrance, he crouched in its shadow and watched as the mass of goblins fled. They ran wildly, putting as much distance between them and the pass as they could, with constant looks back over their shoulders. Why they had wanted the pass cleared remained a mystery, but the outcome certainly was not. Just when Gnak thought the spectacle finished, he was proven wrong as his gaze returned once again to commotion within the pass.
More than two hundred more goblins ran atop their fallen comrades, sprinting as fast as their little green and black legs could carry them. The ground shook more with every passing second. With the tree creaking above him in protest, it was only a minute longer before the giants revealed themselves. The first was a great brute of a male, dragging an immense club of wood the size of a tree in one of its four hands. Stuck within the sides of the club were various blades and bones from enemies it had smashed. He was a hulking mammoth with dozens of wounds upon his feet, ankles, and shins, but so thick were the tissue and scars there that the wounds did not appear to slow him. From the effort of his chasing the goblins, the giant’s great maw opened and closed with a whooshing sound as air was sucked into and out of his lungs. It was a foe that none ever hoped to cross paths with unaware.
The second giant was a female near his equal in size. She worn naught but a great loincloth, her immense sagging breasts flopping against her belly with every step. She screeched at the retreating forms, waving her hands in threatening gestures as the male continued picking off stragglers, smashing them beneath his feet as if it were a game. Gnak saw his chance.
If these were the only two giants within the pass, he had an opportunity. Slipping out from behind the tree slowly to avoid detection, he carefully moved back into the mouth of the pass and into the shadows. Then it was all or nothing.
Sprinting down the path, he dodged outcroppings of stone and fallen goblins alike in an effort to make the first bend in the pass. Without so much as looking back he rushed headlong, hoping that no more giants awaited ahead, alert and ready to swat at him. More or less sliding around the first bend, he heard nothing from behind that told him he was being pursued, but ahead he saw something he had not been prepared for.
Skulls and bones. Millions of them were piled along the sides of the pass. Between the piles the ground was slick with goblin blood and gore, the majority of the dead having been smashed beneath the feet of the giants. A limb lay here, a head there, but Gnak’s eyes automatically sought out what he had spent the past few hours collecting. Everywhere the disks of metal and stones lay scattered upon the ground. Belts with pouches littered the ground, and scraps of weapons and armor lay in piles to either side of the path along with the bones. It was like nothing he had ever before imagined. There was enough metal here to armor an entire tribe of Orcs, and enough goblin blades to reforge them into something more practical. The giants had been in the pass for years it seemed, letting the dead and their belongings simply pile up.
Sadly, there was nothing for Gnak to do about it at present. His Catunga task was to capture an enemy and bring it back for sacrifice. A human was what he sought, and a human castle is what his vision had showed him. Visions were messages from the gods, and as such he had sworn to bring them a human sacrifice.
Without further thought of the material wealth laid strewn about the mountain pass, Gnak trotted along at an even pace, slowing around each bend, staying alert for movement or unusual sound. It was not long until he noticed the change.
Ahead there was a humming, almost musical in its quality. The further he ran the louder and more distinct it became, and no more than a mile more, rounding a curve, he found its source.
In a large opening in the ravine sat a giant. It was young, showing obvious signs of immaturity. Where adults had muscle and knobby joints, this giant had a thick layer of fat, that spread beneath it. If Gnak had to guess, it was a giant child, pre-adolescent for sure, but still nearly fifteen feet in height had it been standing. It was said that giant children were faster than adults of their kind. Gnak would not take his chances with this one, deciding instead to watch it for a moment to see its intentions.
With its back to him it swayed this way and that, humming a tune as it snatched dead goblins up from a mound of corpses beside it. Tipping its great head back, the giant child would drop a goblin into its wicked maw before gnashing it over and over with its rows of teeth. Cracks and snaps ensued with the occasional spurt of blood, but it was the humming that made Gnak uncomfortable.
After a few more minutes the young giant picked up several of the deceased goblins, and slapping one atop its head, it took up two others, one in each hand and played at making them fight like dolls before he smashed them together into a gooey mess of gore. Then its little song began anew, and this time Gnak could hear the words now that the giant’s mouth was not full.

Goblin meat, goblin meat,
Goblin meat is good to eat.
Goblin meat is yummy yummy,
So it puts it in my tummy.

On and on it repeated the tune in a deep rumbling voice that sent a shiver up his spine. Gnak wondered if the giant had a song for Orcs. He dared not wait and find out, if discovered.
Decided that the giant had no intentions of moving, Gnak picked out a course through the wide opening ahead and began to creep forward, ducking behind anything he could use for cover. Again the song became muffled as the young giant stuffed more remains in its mouth, gnashing, grinding, and spurting.
Ahead Gnak saw what appeared to be a huge, giant sized bedroll and, watching the giant every step of the way, he sprinted towards the heap. Finding a momentary respite behind the mound of hair, furs, leather, and stench, his lip curled up in disgust. The smell of the apparent bed was more than offensive. The scents of waste, sweat, and bodily fluids fought for dominance within his sinuses, but Gnak was a born soldier and did not blanch. Instead, he picked a path ahead and, leaping two dead goblins, he began to run. Here there was no cover. If the giant did not see him it would be a miracle. No such luck.
With a trumpeting scream that any adult would recognize, the giant child announced danger to its parents. From behind and beyond, the call was taken up by the immense adults, and the walls of the pass shook with their now approaching steps and thunderous frightful screams. Gnak simply kept running. He had a decent lead and he was fast.
Rounding another bend he found another pair of the giant stinky beds and the crackling remains of a huge fire, but there was no time to explore further. On and on he ran through the pass, first upward and then back down, hoping no more giants lay in waiting ahead. Mile after mile the giants pursued, their roars seeming to be ceaseless. Beyond the giants’ apparent camp the scene was much the same as before, with piles of bones and discarded items, only here the majority of the bones and items were different. These belonged to humans and trolls. If he were not being chased, Gnak knew that he could find suitable armor for his entire body here. Alas, he was being chased and as such he ran and ran some more, rounding bend after bend, leaping and dodging obstructions as they came. He only stumbled once, and barely so, after having stepped upon a stone or something similar that rolled beneath his foot.
It was hours later, the sun already having set, when Gnak emerged from the giant gash in the mountains, the last traces of sound from behind him having vanished more than an hour ago. With the last light trailing crimson stains in the sky, he looked out over a great valley below. It was wide and open, a grassland as lush as any could imagine, and beyond the valley the ground arose once more into a great plateau.
It would be easy enough to simply saunter down the slope to the valley, cross it and climb back up the opposite side, but it was all open ground. Dangerously open. No, instead he would skirt the valley, clinging to the base of the forested mountains and foothills. From there he would again turn north in search of the great black castle.
Deprived of sleep and in need of both food and rest, he began his trek through the forested foothills of the mountainside. Signs were all about that these grounds were regularly hunted. Both by human and troll. But all signs were days or weeks old, and as such he kept alert but did not expect an encounter.
With free time to think and explore while he sought suitable shelter, Gnak’s mind drifted to the images he had seen at the Catunga ceremony. He remembered the castle but it was of no use. Instead he focused on the memory of the gathering of chiefs beneath the great chief. There he scanned the faces, and realization struck him. In the vision, he was the chief of the Gathos clan. He was a leader. It had to be destined by the gods. How else could anyone explain his run-ins with both goblins and giants without so much as a fight, let alone a scratch. If this was his destiny, the gods would see to it that nothing went wrong. After all, the gods were all powerful. If they had chosen him for this task, surely they would see him through it. Puffing his chest out, Gnak strode through the woods fearful of nothing, confident that the gods guided his every move.
It was not until near the middle of the night when he found a suitable cave for shelter. It was neither very deep nor very well hidden, but would have to suffice if he planned to get some rest. Plopping down upon one of the three large rocks just outside the entrance to the cave, he opened his bundled leather and pulled from it two strips of dried meat he had brought for the journey. Eating both vigorously, he realized that his body would not be satisfied by the meager meal as his stomach churned and growled loudly. He dared not eat more, at least not until he could find a suitable source of food, and as such prepared to get much needed rest.
Snapping a few green branches from nearby trees, he climbed into the entrance of the cave, pulling the branches with him to conceal the entrance. He intended to sleep the remainder of the night and the entire following day, to strike out again once darkness returned. The world did not seem to care much about his plans.
Inside the cave was damp and cool, the ground making up the bottom consisting of a thick sticky mud. So different was it to his own home just across the mountains, that he shivered violently, jerking himself awake time and again throughout the night. When morning did come, the sun seemed to bring some warmth with it, but so stiff were his muscles from nearly freezing the night before that he could hardly get comfortable enough to sleep. It was hours into the morning when sleep finally took him without fits of cold, but it was only a few more hours before something awoke him.
Gnak’s eyes shot open, his ears straining for anything unusual. The branches he had dragged to the front of the cave remained, but something had alerted him into wakefulness. A moment later he heard it. It was not so much a voice as a grunt, but he knew it was some form of man. Whether he had been tracked or stumbled upon by accident, something was outside his shelter. He needed more information.
Twisting slowly inside the limited confines of the small cave, he got his arms beneath him. Then lifting his body up he half slithered, half crawled towards the entrance. Carefully, so carefully, he reached up, pulling aside the leaves of the branches that covered the entrance. At first he saw nothing to alarm him outside. Everything seemed perfectly natural. The stones remained, and nothing else seemed to be present but the trees. That was until one of them seemed to move. Then he saw the creature for what it was.
Thick limbed, the stout race of trolls were covered in a thick leathery hide. Their young, it was said, appeared as polished river rocks, so shiny and smooth was their flesh. But so heavy was their hide, that as they aged it stretched and wrinkled, appearing more like the bark of an old oak tree. Outside his cave, Gnak could distinguish two of the creatures. The first, with its back to him, stood just beyond the three stones. It was a tall creature, perhaps slightly taller than he, with legs as big around as his own chest. The creature’s torso was massive, its back bulging and hunched over. Two immense arms sprouted from the shoulders, unnaturally long, the knuckles of the beast easily touching the ground. Its wide lump of a head sat atop a thick tree trunk of a neck, from where grunting sounds emerged.
Just past the first, the second stood, obviously having some sort of conversation with one another. The second had less wrinkles and lighter toned flesh, but otherwise was equal in proportion to its peer. Neither carried a weapon so far as Gnak could see, but he had a distinct feeling that the odd race of men needed little more than their fists to kill most of their prey.
Having never faced a troll before, he thought it wise to watch them instead of attack. It was only a short time later that the grunts ceased, and the thick creatures decided to settle upon the stones just as he himself had done the night previous. There the two pulled out some sort of meal that appeared little more than burned rodents or rabbits, and together the pair crunched upon the charcoaled carcasses in almost silence as Gnak watched from his cover within the cave. After eating, the two lingered still, for more than two hours, simply sitting and looking off into the distance in silence. Finally, what seemed an eternity later, the younger appearing of the two began to move again, its head swiveling slowly around. It was then that Gnak heard the sniffing.
Just like the sound a bear or wolf made when following a trail, the troll began sniffing rapidly, its odd almost nonexistent nose picking up something of interest. Gnak watched as its gaze slowly turned, its body twisting as its eyes settled upon his cave. Carefully he let the leaves fall slack, and inched backwards reaching behind himself.
Without thought or plan, he wrapped his fingers about the shaft of his spear in the darkness just as the branches covering his only exit were torn asunder, a thick gray head thrusting into the hole they had concealed with a deafening roar. Like lightning Gnak reacted, lashing out with his spear with all his might. Deep into the head of the troll it pierced, another raging roar exploding from the creature.
Rearing back, it dragged the spear and Gnak with it halfway out of the hole, reaching up with massive limbs to tear the spear free of its face. Crawling to extricate himself, and make himself clear of the wounded troll, he rose before springing aside to put some distance between himself and his foes. The second troll had just registered the change and was now rising from its place upon one of the rocks. The first pulled the spear free, a deep green blood oozing from the hole that remained. But even with such a grievous wound to the head, the beast did not relent. Instead, it dropped Gnak’s spear before charging, its arms raising before it to grasp and crush him with immense hands.
Fortunately for Gnak, he was quicker. To his advantage he had not only speed, but apparently could reason much faster as well. Diving aside, the troll missed him by a wide margin before he rolled back to his feet. Pulling his blade from his belt, he slashed at the first troll as the second charged. The blade of his weapon cut a green streak upon the troll’s shoulder, but the wound was neither deep nor effective. Dodging the second troll, he again sprang into a roll and turned to strike at its back. This time he stabbed instead of slashed, to much greater effect.
Though it took a great deal of effort, the blade of his crude sword slid deep into the back of the creature, slamming into thick ribs somewhere beyond the flesh. Pulling it free, he watched the thick green blood ooze from the wound a split second, as the troll reacted unexpectedly quicker than Gnak could have anticipated. Swinging its torso nearly completely around, it struck out with the back of its arm and hand, smashing him full in the side of the head with one giant balled fist. Lights exploded before Gnak’s eyes as ringing sounded in his ears. Stumbling back, he felt the blood trickling down his face. Blinking his eyes over and over to restore his sight, he watched as both trolls turned to face him. Though he had underestimated them, he would not do so again. Now he had a plan.
Letting them charge, he simply out maneuvered them once again, diving aside at the last second as they slowed their own momentum to a stop before turning. Having outwitted them, Gnak snatched up his discarded spear and placing the butt of it upon the ground then slashed at it with his blade, slicing the end off at a sharp angle. It was only seconds before the younger turned yet again, beating the older troll by a moment, and without hesitation this time it charged with its arms wide, hoping to catch him as he sprang away. But Gnak did not spring away this time. No. He needed to use the creature’s own momentum.
Raising his spear as the troll smashed into him bodily, he drove it as far as he was able into the chest of the beast, the blade of the spear slicing between the troll’s ribs. Angrily it roared, trashing at him with its arms, but Gnak ducked them and moved back too quickly for the beast.
Turning to face the remaining troll, he kept one hand on the spear, keeping the angry troll behind him at a distance. When the second troll charged, it was all Gnak could do to line up the blow as he struggled to hold the first troll in place.
Smashing against his body, driving him back towards the troll behind him, the second troll had no intentions of slowing its charge, prepared instead to crush Gnak between it and its kinsman. Instead, the creature not only drove the spear further into its own comrade, it also impaled itself upon the now sharpened end of the shaft. There they stood a moment, confused, the remaining foot or so of spear shaft between their chests, both impaled by the same weapon.
Gnak managed to free himself from the clenching hands of both foes by slashing with his sword and head butting one of the beasts full in the face. Once free, he moved further down the slope to a safer distance to watch the trolls struggle, but nothing of note happened. Both trolls slowly ceased their thrashing before their heads leaned forward slightly towards the other. That was it. So thick and stout were their legs, that when attached together by the spear as such, even in death they remained standing, leaning into one another, without any indication that they would ever topple over. Gnak damned his luck. There was no way he was going to be able to retrieve his spear.
Reaching up, he accessed the wound upon the side of his head. Already it was swelling; the skin, having been smashed apart, was bleeding freely. All he could do was let it clot on its own and hope the swelling would subside naturally. He had not thought to bring any supplies from the shaman for wounds, and now it was apparent that the gods did not intend to make his Catunga task an easy one.
So it was with a pounding in his head that he set out again to skirt the great valley in the early afternoon daylight. Hungry and poorly rested, Gnak stalked off to the west, keeping to the trees and slopes for the remainder of the day and night that followed. The night had proved uneventful, minus hearing the howling of wolves and finding a small spring-fed stream to drink from.
It was near morning when he reached the western edge of the valley and, deciding again that he did not want to spend the daylight hours crossing an open expanse, he hunkered down within a copse of trees at the forest’s edge. Leaning his back against one of the trunks, he again ate two strips of his dried meat and prepared to wait out the day. Unintentionally he dozed on and off throughout the day, without any disturbance beyond the occasional fly who sought to lay eggs in his face wound. Was no place safe from flies?
Day came and went, and then finally it was time to make his way across the rim of the valley to the other side.


CHAPTER FIVE
Darkness enveloped the land like a sheet of cold blackness that breathed ice crystals and spoke of shadows and death. No insects stirred. No predators loped across the open expanse. Gnak felt completely exposed. The few sounds that did interrupt the night sent him sprawling to his belly, ceasing in his movements for long moments, straining his ears into the night for any sign that he was being hunted. It was strange being out of his element. Here he was the prey. Gnak didn’t like it much.
Racing as fast as his long legs would carry him, it was only four or five hours after dark when he made the far side of the valley, as this point was its widest. Reaching the far side, he climbed atop a tall rock and peered out over what lay beyond. Nothing.
Nothing but rolling hills extended to the north for as far as he could see, which was much further in darkness than daylight. All the way to the horizon ahead, hills populated the land covered in a dense layer of tall grasses and weeds. Listening carefully, he could now hear the scurrying of rodents and grunts of other foraging animals. If the opportunity presented itself he would have to try and obtain a more suitable meal.
With nothing left to do but charge ahead, he stalked off through the tall grass, following game trails where possible in an effort to hide his passing. As the hours passed, he missed opportunity after opportunity for game that he could have bagged if he had managed to keep his spear, but with only a sword he had not yet managed to make a kill. The remainder of the night came and went, and no change appeared on the horizon ahead. For several hours into the morning he continued on, hungry, with nothing better to do than wade through the grass and peer into the distance. His stomach growled constantly, a fact that he blamed for the sudden retreats of several small hares. He should have at least sharpened a stick into a spear before leaving the trees behind. If he was going to be a chief he needed to spend more time thinking about such things.
As the morning grew warmer and birds began appearing in the sky, Gnak laid down in the shallow valley between two hills, thoroughly hidden by the grass all around him. Upon the warm grass, he found himself more comfortable than he had been since leaving his home, and drifted off into a deep restful sleep. It was well after sunset before he rose again.

Slumbering heavily, his mind began to drift, first to his tribe and then beyond. Before him stood the burning camp of a rival clan as cheers arose from behind him. Up the flames and smoke climbed, as he turned to see thousands of Orcs, every one of their gazes turned on him as if expecting something. Then they vanished.
Again his dream twisted and he watched as Orcs hauled huge stones, dragging them in teams with ropes upon rolling logs. Looking up the worn path they traveled, Gnak saw something he could have never imagined. Upon the face of the tallest peak of the southern Rancor mountains a great structure was being erected. It was thick and mighty with high walls and soaring towers. It spoke of strength and might, and it made his heart proud at the sight. But then too it was gone.
Another vision followed and again Gnak was standing, though this time he found the air hard to breathe as the wind whipped at his face. Turning, he found he stood atop one of the mighty towers of the great Orc castle, and below him a mighty force stood at the ready to march to war. And then, as quickly as the dreams came they were gone, and darkness swallowed Gnak whole, carrying him into deeper sleep where he remained for the rest of the night.


Stretching, Gnak sat up upon his grass bed. With a shiver running down his spine he cursed the cold of the human lands, before realizing that he felt ill. He could recall the strange dreams he had the day previous, and grinning at the fanciful thoughts he laughed a deep throaty sound, at the absurdity. Laughing made his head spin as pain enveloped the side of his face. With sweat beading on his forehead, he reached up to feel his wound and found it still swollen and overly warm. He had become afflicted. Without the treatment of their shaman, such wounds often were lethal. Gnak doubted the wound would kill him. He was stronger than most. But he did realize that before long he would lose his strength and endurance, with a lack of proper food and an affliction in his wound. He needed to hurry while he still could.
Looking up to the stars he located those that would take him home, and turning, he again strode off towards the north. It was not until near midnight he found something he had not expected among the hills. Cresting the millionth rise of the night he noticed that he now moved parallel to a wide trail. It was dirt, but was obviously frequently used. Two hours later the dirt turned to stone, as the road became more than a trail. An hour after that, Gnak could see the top of the castle in the distance. Fires upon the top of its massive walls stood in stark contrast to the night surrounding him.
Then it struck him. Where there was fire on the wall, there were humans. If he could see them, could they not see him? Were they watching him right now? Thinking about his predicament, he realized that it would be more suspicious if he continued on through the grass, and hoping that they paid him scant attention he set off upon the road. Nearer and nearer the city grew, and taller and taller it soared. Even against the backdrop of the sky, the great black castle seemed to suck the light out of the stars, it stood too dark against its surroundings. It was just as he had envisioned it at the Catunga ceremony.
Closer still he came, as the grass fields around him turned to planted rows of crops. Everywhere there were signs of humans. Wagons lay abandoned all about in the fields. Crops stood in high piles in preparation for hauling. Footprints and scents abounded. But out here in the dark, not a single soul dwelt. Sure, during the day the humans likely came out of their walled city, but here in the dark, where he could take one unaware, nothing. He would either have to wait until day, or enter the city somehow. But he didn’t want just any human. No. That would not please a god. He wanted a special human. Perhaps a chief, or a captain. Nodding as he watched the dark walls ahead, he smiled to himself.
Walking off of the road, he decided that he was close enough for now. He would find a place and hide through the day, watching what the humans did. Perhaps he could find what he sought in this manner. Locating one of the great stacks of what appeared to be grass and weeds, he dove into the thing, burrowing further and further into it before turning around and poking his head back out the hole he had entered. Moving the dry grass about, he covered as best he could any sign of his tampering, and laid in wait of the day to come.


The sun rose into a clear blue sky, and with it came the humans. They were tiny wretched things, hardly bigger than goblins as they began to come into the fields surrounding the black castle. They were thin, dirty creatures, scraping and churning up the soil, cutting down plants and making piles. Their every effort seemed a waste of time. Did they eat plants like rabbits did? It was not until an hour or more later that Gnak saw what he thought could serve as his sacrifice. Thundering down the road a pair of armored warriors upon great white beasts passed him, leaving the castle headed south, the way he had come the previous night. If he could capture one of those, it would make a god happy. Two hours later he could hear them returning, but more slowly. Also, it sounded as if more had joined them. Wriggling about inside his stack of weeds, he turned and made himself another hole upon the opposite side. There the armored men came, dismounted from their beasts, following his own tracks across the field. Now there were four of them.
Gnak pondered his situation a moment. Eyeing his opponents, it was obvious that they were better armed and armored, but they were smaller and slower than he. Closer and closer the humans came, and knowing he may not get a better chance, he waited until they were on top of him before he sprang.
Like an explosion of dust and weeds he rocketed out of the stack of drying grass, landing on the nearest human, driving it to the ground. Stabbing his sword up under the edge of its helmet, he drew it back covered in red blood with a replied gurgle and spasm. He was on the next human before they knew what hit them. Stabbing this one beneath the arm, he watched as copious amounts of blood spewed from the small man as he staggered backwards, reaching for the wound. Then, finally it was a fight.
The remaining two armored humans charged simultaneously, each bearing a large two-handed sword longer even than his own. He parried the first swing and dove aside to avoid the other. Coming to his feet just in time, he deflected yet another blow, before striking out at the attacker. The other human vanished from his peripheral vision, but Gnak was no fool.
Charging the human in front of him, he smashed the smaller man’s blade aside with his own before grabbing the man by his breastplate and lifting him up and off his feet. Twisting, he spun upon one heel, raising the human overhead before he threw him at the now charging second assailant. The human in his hands managed a minor jab that barely pierced his shoulder as he was flung away. That would have been it. Kill one, claim the other and flee back to his clan. Except just when the end he needed was in sight, a horn was sounded from atop the wall of the vast black city, and the thunderous sound of mounted warriors erupted in the distance. Dozens more came for him, maybe more. Against his warrior spirit, there was only one thing for him to do. Gnak ran.
Turning back the way he had come, he ran as fast as his legs would carry him. He thought he could at least match the pace of the beasts the humans rode, but he doubted he could outrun them.
Screams arose from the road before him as he took to the smoothest trail possible in hopes of stretching his lead. Women, children, and men alike dashed away at his approach, but then he had an idea. Ripping the sack from his belt he tore the strings upon it open, and reaching in he drew out a handful of the metal disks, stones, and jewelry the goblins had carried. Tossing it into the air, he listened as it fell to the paved road behind him in a symphony of tinkling sounds. The dirty, field-working humans’ reaction was perfect.
One instant they fled him, the next they rushed back to the road, dropping to their knees to collect the trinkets. With thunderous hooves still behind him, he tossed more and more trinkets into the air to either side of the road as well as straight upon it. Let the armored warriors crest a rise only to trample their own kind beneath their beasts. Let their beasts stumble beneath them, throwing them to the ground. And they did.
Listening as he ran, human screams sounded as the beasts carrying the humans also screamed and the thunderous warriors ceased momentarily in their pursuit. Glancing back he was surprised to see that even some of the warriors had dismounted to claim that which he had discarded.
Following the road to prevent leaving tracks, on and on Gnak ran, sprawling more trinkets here and there even after there were no more humans. He hoped they would stop time and again to collect them before pursuing him. For more than three hours he could hear them following in a broken pattern, each hour their sound growing more faint.
It was after midday that he found an intersection in the road. He could continue straight, back the way he had come, but he knew that no humans were in that direction. But with a road before him that turned eastward, towards the mountains that stood upon the horizon, he could not but help believe that it must lead to another human camp.
Turning down the road, he was surprised to find that this road quickly became less and less a road, turning into no more than two parallel tracks within the distance of a mile. Here, instead of sticking to one of the clear dirt tracks, he ran along the grassy center of the trail, stretching out his stride to the max. Two more hours passed, the afternoon slipping into evening as Gnak topped a rise in the road and immediately froze. Sliding to a stop, he backed up slowly before he turned and trotted back down the trail a short way. Ahead were more fields with more dirty humans. He could not risk a repeat performance.
Instead he dove off the trail, and dropping to all fours he slowly and carefully circled the crop fields and humans working within them. It was dusk when he neared one of the humans’ buildings. It was a large thing in comparison to the other nearby shacks. It had a wide door upon one side, and a small door as well. Creeping stealthily inside, he found nothing but tools the humans used in the fields and stacks of bundled, dried, grasses, all tied up with cords. Silly humans. storing weeds. Gnak shook his head.
It was only an hour or two until dark, and as such he climbed up over the top of one of the giant stacks of weeds and dropped down behind it to wait. Just in time too. No sooner had he landed and turned to face the door he had entered, than a small male child of the humans came rushing inside.
The child cupped his face with both hands, sobbing as blood dripped from between his clutched fingers.
“I hate you!” he tried to scream back the way he had come, his voice muffled by his own hands.
“You do not,” a small girl replied as she followed him into the building.
Gnak’s whole world spun for a moment, his mouth falling open. Not only could humans speak, but they spoke the same tongue as his own people. The thought was absurd. None thought humans smart enough to do anything but stack stones into buildings and make weapons and armor. Yet here were two of their young, holding a conversation. Gnak listened in.
“Yes I do, Jen. I hate you more than I hate peas,” the boy continued.
“No you don’t, Jonny, you’re just mad cause I beat you up again. You know I need the practice,” Jenny replied.
Then Gnak saw it. Yes the humans could talk, but they used way more words than they needed. Stupid humans.
“Go and practice on Nick or Patty, why it’s gotta be me all the time?”
“Cause you are my little brother and I love you the most,” Jen grinned at her sibling. “Now come here, and let me see it.”
The boy approached the small girl, and Gnak watched as he lowered his hands. Across his face was a wicked gash where he had been struck by something hard. Not only did the gash bleed, but so too did his nose, which twisted to the side oddly. Gnak watched as the girl calmly approached the boy and raised her hands to his face. She did something odd then that Gnak knew he would never forget. Leaning her head back she spoke soft words into the air, her eyes closed towards the heavens. Within seconds her fingertips began to glow, and he watched as the boy’s face mended within moments. It was difficult, but Gnak managed to fight the urge to jump up and down laughing, pee himself, and leap upon the girl right where she stood and haul her off. This is what the gods wanted him to bring them. The girl was a healer, but not like a shaman. He had heard of such things but never believed in it. The girl had magic!
“Now don’t you go tellin’ Ma and Pa again, or I’ll whack you harder than I did today, you understand?” Jen asked Jonny, to a replied reluctant nod. “Good. Let’s go home then,” she added.
Gnak watched the tiny humans leave, closing the door behind them as they departed into the darkness. He would be smarter this time, wiser. He knew he could not just snatch the girl and make a run for it. No. She would need food and supplies if he was to keep her alive. She would be difficult to carry, especially through the pass guarded by the giants in the mountains. He needed to plan and would have to make preparations. The journey home would be slowed dramatically with her as his prisoner. Now that it was nearing dark, he needed a better lay of the land.
Creeping out from his hiding spot, he pushed the door to the building open slowly and froze, having only opened it a few inches. Outside, the familiar thrumming of the warriors upon their mounts grew louder and louder by the moment. Had they managed to track him?
Not wanting to find himself cornered within the building, he opened the door barely wide enough for himself to slip through before pushing it closed once more. Slipping around the building, opposite the approaching warriors, he waited and watched as things unfolded.
It was only minutes when the first of the mounted warriors appeared, leading the others by a good margin. A man from the human camp that Gnak hid within the outskirts of, came out from his home brandishing a torch to fend off the darkness. The man waited as the warriors neared and came to a halt.
“Sir Geraldo, is that you?” the torch holding man asked.
“Aye, Tanis, is all well in your town?” the warrior replied.
“Aye, Sir Geraldo, we’ve had no trouble here. Should be we expecting some?”
“I doubt it, Tanis, just tell the folks to bar their doors. An Orc was sighted near Raven’s Keep but escaped to the south. We are uncertain of its whereabouts.”
“I’ll keep my eyes peeled, Sir Geraldo, don’t you worry ‘bout that. If we see it I’ll send one th’boys to come and fetch your men.”
“Thanks, Tanis. Be safe,” the warrior concluded.
Gnak watched as the mounted warriors turned into the night and rode off on their mounts, oblivious to his presence. With his face, bicep, and shoulder wounds he was almost happy he would not have to fight this night.
Making his way around the outskirts of the human camp, he crept through the shadows watching the human named Tanis go home to warn his clan. It was a weak clan, one he could kill easily, but he did not want to raise alarm.
It was yet another hour before Tanis returned to his own building, and Gnak was free to explore a bit. He found the homes rather interesting, especially the holes cut into the walls that he could peer through to see what was within. Rounding the corner of one building, he came to a sudden stop as an animal began to growl at him. It was a small thing, mostly fur and bones, but it did not run at his presence. In fact, it even barked once, marking it as some tiny breed of wolf. Without delay, Gnak dispatched the foul animal in a single blow, careful not to rupture its flesh and leave blood behind. Snatching up his kill, he tucked it in his belt and continued to search.
Within an hour he located a building with various food items, including meat. Something he would not require this night. Another building had leather and cloth items in abundance, and yet another had what he desired most. Together in the same room, both Jen and Jonny slept upon separate beds. The young magical healer slept within reach of the window. Gnak grinned wickedly.
He could have left the very first night. Snatched the supplies he needed, the girl too, and headed south. But he didn’t dare. Not with a girl who had magic. Who knew what she could do? She might turn him into a toad or something. He would have to watch and see if she did anything else peculiar before he snatched her. And that was exactly his plan.
Heading out, away from the village, Gnak jogged into the forest east of the buildings and went a few miles into the trees to assure himself that none of the humans would see. Once assured, he pulled his kill from his belt and tossed it on the ground before gathering some fallen wood. Pulling his fire rock from his pocket, he struck it over and over with the blade of his sword, watching the sparks of fire land upon the wood. Within a couple of minutes a small blaze crackled.
A little while later he had the miniature wolf all gutted and skinned and upon a small wooden spit, where he turned the handle slowly. Patiently he waited until the meat browned, and only fat dripped from the creature before he snatched it up and ate it ravenously. It was two hours later, with a full stomach, when Gnak stomped out his small fire and turned back towards the human camp.
Returning to the building he had first inhabited, he again slipped past the door and better inspected the inside. Though his first hiding spot was adequate, he noticed one that could possible serve him better. Climbing the ladder up to a space above the room, he could see both down into the room, and out one of the portals in the wall facing the humans’ camp. He could see the home of the small human female called Jen from here, and nearly every other home as well. Victory would be his.


CHAPTER SIX
For two days and nights Gnak watched the happenings of the humans. Theirs was a simple and stupid life of feeding animals they had captured, and cutting down more weeds to feed the animals they had captured. Of course, it made his nightly hunting very simple. Even with a full belly and plenty of sleep, however, his condition worsened by the day. The swelling in his face had already spread to his neck, and for more than a day his head had a drumming within it that would not stop. His opportunity was fading with each day he delayed. If he waited much longer he would not make the return journey himself. It was a risk he could not take.
He had seen Jen nearly all day every day, watching from his hidden perch within the building. It was her job to pick up the bundled grasses and place them into a cart pulled by a stubborn four-legged beast similar to those rode by the human warriors. Daily she struck her little brother, a little harder than the day before, and daily she healed him flawlessly. He even knew that she relieved herself behind the building he occupied, even though she was repeatedly told not to by what he assumed was her mother.
Over the course of his watching, never did he see her do anything wicked to man or animal. She was soft. Weak. Gnak was decided that this night would be the night.
He watched the camp’s routine that final time, and watched as the humans returned to their homes as darkness threatened. Stragglers were a daily occurrence, as it appeared that some of the male humans would rather be in the fields working than in their homes with their mates. By the looks of the females, he couldn’t blame them.
He waited then, a full two hours after the last sighting of a human, before he climbed down the ladder and back out of the building. Visiting the leather and cloth home first, he reached one long arm through the hole in its wall and collected a bag to fill with provisions and a small scrap of soft leather. Next came the food storage building.
Entering the unlatched door, Gnak strode inside eyeing all the supplies. No humans lived in this building, but several families of rats did. Collecting some dried meat, a round block of some hard substance the humans seemed to like, two long brown things that the humans cooked, and a large skin of water, he made his way back outside, slinging the bag over his shoulder. He had no idea how much the little female required, but assumed he had taken plenty.
Walking back around and behind the buildings, he entered a small storage room where he snatched up the spear he had eyeballed nightly, and two short lengths of rope. The human spear was shorter than one made by his race but would suffice. Walking to the southern end of the camp, he shoved the spear down into the soil and hung the pack upon it. Then he prepared the short lengths of rope into loops he could easily tighten, but that the small girl could not escape. Prepared, he went to collect his prize.
Back into the camp he crept silently, and as he had done on each night he rounded the corner of the building warily, peering around that last bit to be sure no light shone in the wall holes. Deeming it safe, he walked right up to the hole and looked inside. There she was, sleeping as if the world owed it to her. Carefully, gingerly, he slipped his hands beneath her, lifting her slowly. She stirred a little, but remained asleep. Once she was off of the bed roll, he pulled her up and out through the hole and simultaneously tucked her under one arm as he stuffed the scrap of leather he had collected in her mouth. That certainly woke her up!
Kicking and thrashing with muffled screams of fear and panic, the girl’s eyes popped open as silent screams caught in her throat. Wrapping the first rope about her head he cinched it tight, securing the leather in her mouth. Readjusting his kicking cargo, he grasped her tiny arms in one large hand, wrapping the second coil of rope around them and securing it in place as well. Then he tossed her up over one shoulder and strode to the edge of the camp where he collected his new spear and pack. It was time to go home.
Setting a nice brisk pace, he strode across the grass covered hills back to the south, all the while his prized bundle kicked and thrashed and tried to scream. Over. And over. And over. She was relentless. Even tied and gagged she fought on, trying to free herself from her captor. It was annoying beyond a doubt, but so too was it admirable. She was a stronger child than she appeared. She had heart. She would make a proud sacrifice.

It was several hours later when her thrashing began to lessen, and thinking she had finally given up he was quickly proven wrong. The girl said something quite calmly through her gag, and then was silent for several long minutes. Then without warning he felt the wet warmth flowing down his shoulder, back, and chest. She had pissed on him. Disgusted, he yanked her from his shoulder and deposited her on the ground roughly. She crumpled into a pile and Gnak could swear she was giggling.
With the urge to smash her little skull he paced back and forth, waiting for the urge to pass. It refused… at least for a quarter of an hour or more. Then he had an idea. If the humans spoke basically the same tongue as him, then perhaps he could convince her to not make him kill her prematurely.
Stalking to the girl, he stood towering above her and jutted one massive finger in her face.
“Next time you piss me… I piss you.” he grunted at her, and watched as her eyes grew wide and mouth began moving a mile a minute.
“No talk!” he told her in no uncertain terms, and with her shoulders sagging she complied.
Snatching her back up off the ground, he shook her slightly at arm’s length to be sure she was not still dripping before once again slinging her upon his now wet shoulder. Disgusting humans.
It was an hour before dawn when he found a seemingly safe location to rest for the day. The humans might come looking while it was light, and if they did, he did not want to be moving about. Setting her down again, feeling dizzy as he bent, he lowered himself down upon the ground where he could easily see her. Their only protection from view was the tall grass around them, and as such he needed to express to her the circumstances of his companionship.
“You hear talk. Take rope mouth. You no yell. Yes yell, me kill. You eat. You drink. I rope back. Yes?” He questioned her understanding. She nodded her agreement.
Reaching out, he grasped the rope in both hands and loosened the knots that held it in place. Once loose, he allowed her to remove it with her still bound hands. She stared at him a moment and he held the bag full of supplies out to her. She took it easily, if not a bit reluctantly, and pulled the straps open to reveal its contents. The thirty seconds of silence was then apparently too much for her.
“You can talk?” she asked entirely too loudly.
Baring his teeth at her, he squinted menacingly and she took well his meaning.
“I mean, I was told Orcs and goblins and trolls and giants couldn’t talk. Can all of you talk?”
“Humans talk much. Very much,” Gnak replied, still scowling at the girl.
She reached inside the bag and pulled out one of the long brown objects, breaking herself off a hunk. The inside, it seemed, was soft and fluffy. Tearing the piece she had collected in half, she placed one half on each of her knees. Reaching in again, she tore free a chunk of the hard orange substance, and sat it atop one of the halves of fluffy stuff. Then she again reached in the bag and extracted a small piece of the dried meat. This she put atop the orange stuff, and then she placed the second piece of fluffy stuff from her opposite knee on top of the small pile of human food. Grasping it from each side with her bound hands, she smashed it down and crammed the first bite in her mouth, chewing with her mouth open like the large animals the humans kept and fed. Disgusting!
After the second bite, with her mouth still full of half chewed food, her eyes looked up to his once again and she talked through the disgusting mass of gelatinous gunk in her mouth.
“Are we going to where you live?”
Gnak did not bother to answer.
“Why did you take me?”
He ignored her again.
“Are you going to eat me?”
Maybe this would shut her up… “Maybe yes. Maybe no. Me think yes,” he replied.
“So why not just kill me now and not have to feed me on the journey?”
She had called his bluff. Eat a human? Yuck!
“Maybe kill. Maybe no.”
“Maybe blah, maybe blah,” she recited through another half chewed bite.
“Are you smart enough to answer a single question?”
Gnak was tired of her already.
“Are you smart enough to no ask more?” He half repeated her own words back to her, showing his understanding.
Her eyes widened. She had obviously underestimated his intelligence. He could only imagine what she would ask next.
“I’m Jen, and I am eleven. What’s your name?” she asked.
He was at a loss with the tiny girl. Perhaps if he gave her one answer, her simple mind would be satisfied and she would shut up after all.
“Gnak,” he replied.
“Gnak…” She tested the word. “Is that really your name? Gnak? Kinda… um… silly. Isn’t it?
This time she had him at a loss. He knew none of her words. Kinda? Um? Silly? Orcs had no such words so instead of listening further, he reached across as she pulled the watering skin from her lips and picked up the leather, stuffing it back in her mouth. She did not resist. He was more than a little disappointed by the fact. He had thought her strong of heart.
Securing the rope back in place around her mouth, he used the remaining length of it to tie around his own wrist. If she moved, he would awake. The dizziness was becoming more and more an issue. He needed rest. But first, before he tried to get some sleep he ate a quick meal of dried meat as her eyes watched his every move. Then, looking to her, he spoke once again with his finger in her face.
“You run. You die. You yell. You die. You piss. You die. Yes?”
She nodded her agreement and he shoved her over onto her side so she could rest as well. Then laying down a very short distance from her, keeping her easily in reach, he closed his own eyes. For a minute. Then he popped them open to see if she had moved. She hadn’t. Closing them again, he did not reopen them again until at least three minutes later. Still no change.
Try as he might, he could not just trust her to lay still and obey his orders. Even if she was small. He knew that even if she did get away and run he could catch her easy. But what if she put magic on him and made him sleep forever? Or what if she sealed his eyes closed, making him blind? Many what ifs assaulted his mind, lulling him off to an uncomfortable sleep where he thrashed and kicked, a cold sweat covering his entire body.

It was dark again when he woke, and there she sat quietly, her gag removed, a mouth full of half-chewed food as she decided to greet him.
“Hello, Gnak,” she said.
He grunted in reply, his body filled with ache, the side of his face feeling worse than ever. He reached up to touch the wound and found it wet. Removing his fingers, he pulled them in front of his face to reveal a thick yellow pus that reeked of decay. He needed to reach the shaman. Fast.
Rising, he stumbled slightly, his whole world spinning for a moment before it finally settled into place. Looking to the girl, he gave his orders.
“I lead. You come. I walk, you walk. No talk. Walk. Eat. Piss. Yes?”
She nodded, then decided that apparently a simple unspoken ‘yes’ was not enough.
“Are you OK, Gnak? Cause I gotta tell ya, you’re not looking so good.”
“Gnak good. I walk, you come.”
With nothing more, he snatched up the supply bag and began walking at a pace that made her struggle to keep up. If she was breathing hard, perhaps she would talk less.

Hours later, bless the gods, he stopped as she picked herself up off the ground for what had to have been the fifteenth time. Her eyes were pathetic in the dark, and she seemed to trip over every single obstacle they passed. Even so, with such short legs, she was making good time so long as he kept her moving.
Near the middle of the night, they stopped to allow her to rest while eating a quick meal and taking a drink. She eyed him the whole time, but never said a word. Until of course they got up and began moving again.
“What’s to stop me from just leaving when you drop dead?” she asked.
As was becoming their custom, he ignored her.
“I’m eleven, Gnak, I’m not a child. I can see that you are injured and with every hour you slow down more and more. Now when you walk, you sway from side to side.”
“Gnak injured, yes. But return home. See shaman. Get heal.”
“You have healers too?” she asked excitedly. “I’m a healer, though no one has trained me. Do your healers worship the goddess Lorentia?”
Yup, most of that was nonsense. Heal, train, and god he could understand, but the rest was gibberish. Humans talked stupid. Stupid humans.
“Shaman heal. We go shaman.”
Gnak snatched the bag of food once more and began walking again. He would show her slow down. Stretching out his stride he found that with every step the world leaned to one side and then the other. Sweat poured down his head and face. His leather armor was soaked with it. He kept moving and she followed behind. He stumbled once, perhaps an hour into that stretch of trail, and then he looked up at her from his back.
“Shaman,” he grunted.
“Yes, Gnak, shaman, I know. But I don’t know any shaman. Why not let me heal you? I could use the practice.”
“No. No magic.”
“No magic?” Do your healers not use magic?”
“You no magic Gnak,” he replied.
For a long time the world turned round and round, the stars in the sky spinning in his vision. Closing his eyes made it better, but he could not very well continue with his eyes closed. He needed rest. So he simply listened to Jen’s chatter, and with nothing better to do, decided to see if he could learn more about the stupid humans.
“You see, Lorentia gives me the power to heal, but I just use it. It’s not really mine.”
“You god give power?”
“Of course. Do the Orcs have gods?”
“Yes. Orc gods.”
“What gods do Orcs worship?”
“Gogoc, Burliq, Keeka. You?”
“I’ve never heard of those gods. Do they give power to Orcs?”
“No many.”
“Maybe you should try different gods, then? Do you know of any others?”
“No.”
“Are you a fighter, Gnak?”
“What fighter?” he asked.
“A warrior? A Knight? A swordsman?”
“Warrior, yes. Sword, yes.”
“Then maybe you should worship Gorandor, or Vikstol, or Ishanya. They all grant warriors with power.”
“Talk me power.”
“Gorandor is the most known and honored god of human warriors. He makes his soldiers big and stronger than anyone,” she began to chatter. “Even the king of Valdadore worships Gorandor. But some soldiers worship Vikstol too. He gives his warriors victory in the face of defeat, letting them live when other men would surely die,” she added, whipping her hand about like she brandished a sword.
“Gnak need Vikstol,” he joked before realizing his own actions, letting her continue as he closed his eyes again.
“Now, I can’t tell you much about Ishanya. Not many worship her anymore, my ma says, but I heard a rumor that there is a man up north who worships her, and he can change men into beasts, and shoot fire from his hands, and kill people with a single thought.”
“Ishanya?”
“Yup, that’s right. Ishanya. Funny name, huh? Kinda like Gnak.”
Again, half of her words were meaningless, but he understood her point nonetheless. The humans had gods, too. Their gods granted power, too. It sounded to Gnak like some gods were better than others. But he wanted more knowledge.
“Talk me. You god.”
“My god? Well, Lorentia is a goddess of healing and nurturing. See, that is what I am doing right now. Nurturing. I am letting you be at peace, and helping you to be comfortable and pass the agonizing hours. It’s better to not be alone when you die. Oops, I meant when you are hurt and all that.”
“Everything die alone.”
“I suppose that is true too in a way, but I don’t think I would want to be alone if I knew I was dying.”
“Gnak no die. How you heal?”
“I’m not really sure yet. The first time I healed, it was a little bird I found with a broken wing. I wanted to save it so bad, I picked it up and held it in my hands. I knew Lorentia was the goddess of healing, and so I prayed that she help me heal the bird. Then I felt her power inside me and I opened my hands and the bird flew away. Now when I want to heal something, I just pray to Lorentia and wholla… healed. Ma says that other healers do it different, but what does she know? She ain’t never left Brookside before.”
“What else you heal?”
“I healed a horse once, and some chickens that a fox got to. These days I mostly heal my brother, but he don’t like being my practice.”
Gnak mulled over her words in his head, trying to keep his world from spinning. She had a great many ideas about the gods and her healing, but he wondered if her young age tainted her thoughts or if they were real and true.
Laying on his back, the world seemed heavy upon him and he felt as if he slipped further into the ground with every breath. He decided that her words were true. She was not trying to convince him of anything. She was not even trying to escape. She was only trying to… to? Nurture? Him? It was a strange word, but he knew the meaning. She was being with him, keeping his mind busy as his body fought the infliction. It was a kind gesture, a weak one, but he understood it coming from a young human girl. Had she been a strong Orc she would have sliced through his neck by now and watched him bleed out upon the ground. But she was not Orc. She was human.
Even opening his eyes now, everything remained dark. His vision had escaped him. A strange fog filled his mind, but when she spoke, he could feel his way through it to her words. It was an odd sensation. Again, he encouraged her to talk.
“Tell me why you god?”
“Why do people choose to worship Lorentia? I guess because they want to help their people. I worship her because she allows me to make a difference. Though she chooses which of her followers to give the gift of healing, she does not pick and choose who we can heal. She allows us to heal anyone we are able. She…”
Gnak heard no more. His hearing was lost in the fog too. Her words remained though, only as a muffled sound. Human gods helped them make a difference and helped their people. They did not need to kill their sick and weak. They made them better, making their clans and their people stronger. It was smart. Even for humans.
He pondered further what she had said about the gods of human warriors. They gave gifts of power to humans. Made them stronger. Made them live when they should have died. Made them throw fire, and kill with a thought. The Orc gods sometimes gave strength and speed. It was a great asset in war, but with Orc life it made those blessed by the gods look at other Orcs as weak and infirm. It did not make them better to make their clan better. It made them better for only them. Gnak questioned much of what he had been taught. ‘Kill or be killed’ was good advice on the field of battle, but how was a clan to grow stronger fighting amongst itself?
Such were his thoughts as even they began to fade into the fog. Darker and darker Gnak’s world became’ as he fell deeper and deeper beneath the world’ until at last a bright white light appeared before him. He looked into the light, his eyes burning from the brightness. He imagined that this was the heavens and he had returned to the side of the gods. But the light wasn’t the heavens.
Nearing death’ his eyelids had relaxed and come open. The light radiated from small hands. The small hands were Jen’s. She had brought him back from the nothingness of death and saved his life, even if it meant he would lead her to the end of her own. He could see her small face from the light her hands created, glowing with joy.
Her goddess had allowed her to heal him, even though he planned to sacrifice the small girl to one of his own gods. In his homeland the act would be seen as weak, but it was the act of a strong god. For only a god with strength would say ‘let me save you, even if you wish me harm, to do as you were meant to do. For by doing so, I have done what I am meant to do’. The saving was a greater act than the killing. It took more strength to save.
Gnak watched as the light faded from Jen’s tiny hands, a crooked grin washing across her face.
“All life is sacred, Gnak. Even yours,” she whispered, before she collapsed from exhaustion.
The words burned into his mind. The girl was a stupid human and she was only half his age, yet she in her short years had become wise beyond measure.
Sitting up to assure himself that she was only unconscious, he rolled her onto her side to sleep more comfortably and watched as she breathed slow even breaths. She would be fine.
Reaching up to his face, he quickly turned his head as his eyes widened in disbelief. Both the wound in his shoulder and slice through his bicep had vanished. Not even a scar remained where just moments before swollen, jagged edged wounds had been. Touching his face, he found that there too his wounds had vanished. No more swelling, no more burning, no more pus, and no more fog. The little human had taken it all away. And he was planning to kill her.
It was a confusing predicament, to say the least.


CHAPTER SEVEN
Gnak awoke near midday, with the sun high in the sky. Fearing to stand up, he listened for many minutes, watching the still sleeping form of Jen across the tiny clearing from him. It was not long, perhaps an hour, when she stretched before rolling to look at him. She grinned a crooked grin and pushed herself up to a seated position.
“Good morning, sunshine,” she said, her grin growing wider still.
Gnak simply grunted, unsure what a proper reply would be. What he did know was that he owed his life to the small human. When you owed something, you repaid it. You paid things with currency. Gnak’s life had been changed by the small girl, and so too would he change her life. It was obvious her clan had little wealth among the humans. But he knew how to change that.
It would take them two more days to reach the pass, then four to return her back to her clan. Without her to slow him, it would only take three days to reach the pass through the mountains once more, and he would still have plenty of time to collect a goblin captain before returning home. Debt owed. Debt paid. Sacrifice owed. Sacrifice paid. Problem gone.
Handing Jen the bag of supplies, she grabbed them and instantly Gnak was ashamed. Still her little hands remained bound together, even after saving his life. Reaching across the distance, he untied her small wrists and watched her rub them a moment to restore her circulation. Then with a quick prayer to her god, she seemed to glow for only a moment and even the redness around her wrists vanished without a trace. The child was impressive.
“I no kill you.”
“That’s good, Gnak, I was hoping that I might head back home today.”
“No. You no go home. No yet.”
“Aww, Gnak, are you going to miss me?”
“Miss? I have give you. Change life. I owe this.”
“You really shouldn’t have,” Jen grinned. “What is it?”
“I have debt you. I pay debt.”
“And then I go home?”
“With I pay debt, yes. I take you home.”
It was a simple conversation but conveyed a lot. They had managed trust, where the only certainty for either of them was death. Gnak could not help but think again and again about the words she had spoken to him as he lay dying. They had opened him to a world different than his own. He could help his people become something more, something better than they already were. He could teach them, like she had taught him. Every life was precious.
But still he had questions. So they ate a meal together and, deciding it was safe, Jen stood up and scouted the surrounding hills to see if anything sought them out. When she gave him the all clear Gnak rose, and shouldering their supplies they walked side by side through the tall grass, watching its golden stalks bend and sway in the breeze.
It was some time before Gnak worked up the desire to ask the question and hear her reply but when he did, he paused in their trek and turned to face her as an equal.
“Your god say all life precious, yes?”
“Exactly, Gnak, why do you ask?” she asked with a knowing smirk.
“If all life precious, how you kill animal for eat?”
“I’ve never had it explained to me, but this is how I understand it. Killing to eat, is killing to survive. If nothing killed, everything would die. So killing to eat is OK, but killing just to end a life is not.”
Gnak nodded his understanding, and they began walking again. Apparently the child had already questioned all this herself at one point or another. They spent most of the day with simple conversation, each asking the other a question and listening patiently for the answer.
It was late in the evening when they crested the plateau that looked down upon the valley that blocked their way to the pass in the mountains they sought.
Closer to the eastern edge of the valley this time, Gnak guided them around the steep drop-off and further still into the night. Reaching the eastern edge of the valley he could tell the girl grew tired from all the walking, so they stopped and rested a while, eating once again before carrying on.
Nearing morning they finally made their way around the remainder of the valley and, turning once again to the south, Gnak aimed them towards the pass in the near distance. With daylight coming, the giants would be more active and he dared not risk taking Jen into the pass with the giants during the day. Instead they would find a place to hide until night and enter the pass then. Turning off course, he aimed them towards the tree line at the base of the mountains.
It took less than an hour, once they reached the trees, to locate a suitable spot to wait out the day. Here a great pine tree had fallen and been caught near the ground by a neighboring tree. Nearly parallel to the ground, its great boughs swept out in all directions, including down to the soil, creating a great place to hide beneath its thickly needled branches. Under the tree were various openings hidden within its boughs, and together they selected one big enough for the both of them. Then, gathering up branches that had broken free when the tree fell, they carried them into their makeshift room to create for themselves a comfortable place to lay, and better walls to keep predators at bay. Two hours later, both lay sprawled out atop beds of soft pine needles, lost in their own thoughts, drifting into and out of consciousness as the day passed them by.
Gnak used the day to ponder his future. He had never really looked too far ahead before, but now he knew that it was a fault of his people. He was proud of his clan, proud of his people too, but their short-sightedness had created a weakness among them. It was a weakness he could help them change into a strength. All he needed to do was make the clan proud. Make them see his strength. Then become a captain. In time, if he worked hard and planned ahead, perhaps he could help his people find a better path. A more understanding path. After all, if what Jen had told him was true, and now it seemed obviously so, then his people were not loved by the gods as they should be. More could get power if they changed their ways. Their clans would grow bigger and stronger. Their race would become more powerful. He had to find a way to show them.


Night fell upon the forest at the base of the Rancor mountains, and with it a cold breeze from the north sent shivers down their backs as Gnak led Jen towards the pass. The ground grew more steep now, and with the rocky surfaces and loose rubble, Gnak knew that it was unsafe conditions for such a small human. She slipped multiple times, tripping altogether on more than one occasion. Even so, he told himself that it was because she was slowing him down that he came to the decision.
Stopping upon a particularly treacherous slope, he turned and without warning he snatched her off her feet, lifting her high into the air. Spinning her within his hands he placed her upon his shoulders behind his head, her legs running down each side of his chest. Holding her feet, he again turned and began the climb up the mountainous slope.
“No piss?” Gnak grunted.
“No piss. I promise,” she giggled in reply.
They continued on for several hours in silence, making the difficult climb up to the pass entrance. It was near midnight, judging by the stars, when Gnak stopped suddenly, leaning down to the ground. Before him lay the track of an Orc, which might have been one of his own from days before, except that it faced the wrong direction. This Orc was moving in the same direction as they were. Another hundred yards further up the trail Gnak followed the prints and realized that the Orc was two Orcs, and they did not travel alone. With them a small, adult human-sized print and a thick, almost round print traveled as well. All four sets of tracks moved in the same direction and all were fairly fresh, likely passing earlier this same day.
“What is it, Gnak?” Jen asked.
“More Orcs go here. Have prisoners.”
“Will I get to meet them?” she asked excitedly.
“No. You meet, I have kill you.”
“Oh.” Her body sagged on his shoulders.
“We no talk. We hear.”
Jen did not answer his last words, and Gnak knew she understood his meaning. Quietly, they crept ahead the remaining mile to the mouth of the mountain pass. Gnak strained his ears listening, but could hear no sounds ahead. Peering ahead into the gorge through the mountain, he could see no movement either. Assured that his kin had passed hours before, he carried Jen into the pass, carefully avoiding stones, discarded implements, and bones alike.
Little more than a hundred yards into the pass, Gnak stood with Jen upon his shoulders, her tiny, still body, barely noticeable as far as weight was concerned. Together they listened and Gnak peered into the darkest places, searching for what could be hidden beneath them. Naught but a pair of rats scurried about the piles of dead mounded along the sides of the pass.
Lifting the girl off of his shoulders, he lowered her to the ground and led her to the nearest pile of bones. Shock showed plainly in her face at the discovery, her own vision not nearly as keen as his in the darkness. But he then carefully picked through the pile, removing a small leather belt with a pouch attached to it. Opening the pouch he poured its contents into her small hand. He watched as the small metal disks poured into her hand, her eyes widening in excitement. Then the unthinkable happened.
Along with the valued disks that poured from the small pouch into her waiting palm were a collection of small cockroaches, one of which scurried up Jen’s arm, causing her to scream suddenly. From miles away, after nearly a minute, a giant roar echoed back at them. In the still silence of the night Gnak could already detect the faint vibration of the stone around him. Jen had awoken the giants, and they were coming to find the intruder.
Knowing time was limited, Gnak locked his eyes on the girl.
“Work fast, get many. We hurry, we go.”
“You got it,” she replied, her hands already digging through the pile, her face just inches from it, trying to see in the darkness what lay before her.
Gnak turned to the next pile of bones and discarded items with a collection of purposes. First he sought a large bag or pack to collect all the disks and stones they found. Next he sought the small pouches used to hold the human and goblin wealth. But so too did he seek for himself. Digging through the piles, he sought armor and weapons that would fit, or could be altered to fit.
Tossing small pouch after small pouch in Jen’s direction, he dug through the pile quickly before moving on to the next. Various weapons and armor he pulled free from the piles, discarding the vast majority of them. It was several minutes before he found a large leather pack that, although stiff and old, was sturdily made. Inspecting it for holes, he quickly took it to his companion and, scooping up the growing collection of small pouches, he dumped them all in as Jen moved on to yet another mound.
The vibrations grew stronger and stronger as Gnak selected a large mound, nearly as tall as he, to begin digging through. With no further need for silence he thrashed through the pile, spreading it out and looking it over, pulling from it every pouch he saw, but so common were the pouches that they were not what caught his eye. Instead, near the bottom of the pile were the remains of a being clad from head to toe in armor. Though the pieces were all in a jumbled pile, the suit appeared to be complete. It was only blackened iron, and most was coated entirely in rust, but Gnak knew he could clean the armor with animal fat. The man who had worn it was large, but obviously not an Orc. A discovery he made when dumping the skull out of the horned helmet. Nonetheless, trying it on, every single piece fit him. Some pieces of the armor were not tightly securable enough to make them practical, the straps having mostly rotted away, or been eaten by rodents, but he knew he could repair them.
With no means to carry the armor, he simply put it all on. Using discarded belts and thongs of leather, he tied the pieces in place the best he was able. The giants grew nearer and nearer still, roaring again as they came. The ground began to shake as the piles of bones clattered and small flakes of stone rained down from the chasm’s walls.
Selecting yet another pile, he watched as the tiny healer dragged the pack she filled onto a new pile of her own choosing. It was already too heavy for her to handle. He grinned. Digging, he tossed pouch after pouch in her direction, the feel of his newly acquired armor alien and yet comforting. He supposed he looked quite the warrior in it, but now was not the time for Orcish pride. On and on the giants came, but together he and Jen continued to collect, with time growing ever shorter. He would wait another few minutes before collecting the girl and her wealth and fleeing back towards her home.
Knowing his sword alone was insufficient to fight or hunt with, Gnak rummaged through the discarded items left by the dead, hoping to find a spear, but was having no luck. It was not until those final moments that he made an unusual discovery. Uncovering the edge of a blade, he grasped it and pulled it free of a pile. It was unlike anything he had ever seen, and another of its kind slid down the pile as he inspected the first. It was peculiar because it was longer than a sword, but was nearly all blade. Both ends were tapered to points, the handle intersecting the blade at the middle, where a long section was not honed sharp.
Holding the blade this way and that, he established that it was meant to be held along the outside of the arm, turning the forearm into a weapon, as well as the blade that extended away from him. He could slash or jab an enemy from the front, slash with his forearm and elbow, or even jab to the rear with the blade that ran back along his forearm. It was a smart design, and Gnak could see the advantages it held over his sword.
Removing his crude Orc blade from his belt, he discarded it among the piles of bones. Picking up the pair of odd blades he shoved them into his belt, one on each hip. If he had not been wearing his newly acquired armor, it would not have been possible to carry them in such a manner, as even in his belt one blade from each weapon faced up and impeded movement of his arms. There was no help for it, and with the new weapons in his possession and the giants growing nearer by the second, he decided it was time for them to leave. Except his decision came too late.

Around the bend in the pass ahead ran a pair of Orcs, leading their prisoners, directly towards him. Immediately Gnak recognized Korx, and was not surprised the Orc had come this far to find a sacrifice. The Orc with him was the other twin, either Kunk or Burl, whichever one he hadn’t kill just little more than a week ago. The pair led one of the armor-clad human warriors and a Troll, each upon a leash. Both parties spotted each other at the same time, and in his armor his fellow Orcs did not recognize him. He watched as Korx raised his spear, still running towards him to evade the giants that followed. Stepping between Korx and Jen, Gnak did the only thing he could.
“Gathos!” he grunted loudly, raising a hand to his chest, announcing them as members of the same tribe.
Watching as Korx lowered his spear, growing nearer with each step, he could not look back to Jen lest he betray his secret. He could not back up to her side, lest he be seen as backing down from Korx, pride demanded he hold his ground. The approaching Orcs and their prisoners slowed.
“Is you, Gnak?” Korx grunted, his head cocking to one side.
“Is me,” Gnak replied.
“Good. Now we three. We kill giant,” Korx said.
Gnak’s heart sank. Once the words were spoken, the decision was made. To offer another option would be seen as cowardly.
“Giant?” Gnak asked. “Was more.”
“Korx kill big female. While sleep,” Korx grunted proudly, banging his fist on his chest.
“Kank kill youngling giant,” the other Orc replied.
Gnak was somewhat relieved that the young giant and its creepy songs were silenced. It answered his question, two actually, now that he knew which of the twins he had killed. But now there was no more time to discuss the matter as a great sucking sound issued from ahead and the giant rounded the corner, eyeing the trespassers.
“You armor, you charge first!” Korx shouted again, binding him to a duty by pride.
Gnak realized that perhaps Korx was not as dumb as he seemed, using pride and tradition to his advantage. It was something he would have to keep in mind if they survived.
With no other options available, he stole a glance towards Jen as he turned to face the giant. His clan-mates shoved their bound and gagged prisoners to the ground, issuing them orders before turning to watch his charge. Ahead of him the giant came to a stop, a cloud of dust trailing it from around the corner of the pass. With a trumpeting roar that showed its rage plainly, the giant thrashed its four immense arms, swinging the large club he had seen days before in one of its massive hands. Gnak pulled his new blades from his belt and tested the feel of them for only a fraction of a second, before he leaned forward and charged the giant beast. The giant charged as well.
Racing ahead, the ground seemingly bouncing beneath him as the giant came, Gnak could feel the makeshift bindings on his armor begin to loosen. His breastplate and backplate began to bounce with every stride. His pauldrons began to shift uncomfortably as well, but it was one of his shin guards that failed him.
Twisting to one side, the shin guard slipped down from the inside of his calf, its metal edge catching upon the stone of the chasm’s floor. Over Gnak went. He knew he would not recover from the trip. All he could do it try his best to make it look graceful, purposeful, and spare himself later ridicule.
Tucking his shoulder, he met the stone with a jarring clang as his ill-fitting armor clattered with him across the stone. Using his momentum to roll off of his shoulder, he watched as the great club of the giant passed by him, only inches to spare. The fall had saved his life. Rolling back to his feet, amazed he had managed to retain both of his blades, he leapt towards the feet of the rushing giant.
Stabbing one blade into the enormous ankle of the beast as it passed and holding fast, he was whipped around the creature by momentum and carried up into the air as it continued in its stride. Holding on for life and limb, as his weight carried him around the heel of the great creature, he lashed out with his other blade, all but severing the main tendon at the back of the beast’s leg. Dismayed, his blade had not been long enough to cut through the beast’s thick flesh and sever the tendon in entirety. Then down he came with the foot, and Gnak swung away from it as he smashed bodily to the ground, his blades coming free of the giant’s flesh.
A great roar erupted from the giant and Gnak watched as the remaining strands of the creature’s tendon gave way beneath its weight, its calf muscles visibly snapping up into its leg as blood sprayed out of the wound. Over the giant went, its ability to remain upright destroyed. Smashing to the stone floor of the chasm the giant roared, trashing its limbs as a great cloud of dust rose from the impact.
Scrambling to his feet, Gnak watched as the Orc he now knew as Burl leapt into the fray, thrusting his spear into the giant neck of the beast, to little effect. The giant thrashed and kicked, attempting to raise itself off the ground, while trying to swat the two Orcs now near its face. Rounding the creature, Gnak lashed out with his blade, slicing through the unprotected wrist of the giant that it was using in an attempt to rise. The flesh split open, revealing ligaments and more. The giant roared out in anger. Stabbing the point of his blade into the open wound, blood sprayed him from head to toe like a geyser as he punctured the blood vessel within the creature’s wrist, but still the giant did not relent.
With a movement that was as much crawling as sliding on its belly, the giant ignored the Orcs and turned its attention to the other beings in its domain. Gnak watched as the prisoners tried to flee when one of the giant’s hands shot out towards them, but none of the trio reacted fast enough to escape. Gnak’s heart dropped in his stomach as he watched the great hand swing out towards his small human ally. One smack of the hand would crush her tiny body, and there was nothing he could do but watch. But the blow was never landed.
Just as it seemed all hope was lost, the giant’s arm crashed to the ground, sliding to a stop just feet away from the Orc’s prisoners. Turning, he watched as Korx thrust his hand deep into the oozing eye of the giant, twisting his arm this way and that, as if searching for something. Grinning, the Orc pulled his arm free, dragging his spear out from the wound. As the giant twitched in its death throes, the prisoners moved away from its hands to avoid being killed by the dead giant. Korx strutted around the dead giant, obviously pleased with himself.
Though it was Gnak who had brought the giant down, it was Korx who would be heralded as its slayer. He was beginning to see a trend in Orc logic that made him uncomfortable. Even so, he had bigger things, even than dead giants, to worry about.

CHAPTER EIGHT
No sooner was the giant slain, than both of his clan-mates moved to collect their prisoners. Moving to do the same, Gnak willed his mind to think, but could not find a solution. There was no way to talk his way out. There was no way of simply letting her go. Not yet, anyway. If the other Orcs realized that she was not his prisoner, his chances for making a change for his people would be lost, Jen would be killed, and so too would he. He had to keep her from talking. She was smart. She would understand.
Rushing to Jen, he snatched her up, clasping a hand over her mouth. Turning to hide their faces, he shouted at her in a menacing tone, trying to convey his true emotions upon his face.
“You human no talk. You talk, you die. You walk only.” Growling, he snatched two leather belts from the ground and lashed her arms with one, and used the other around her face as a makeshift gag. Though she was obviously not comfortable with the change, her eyes showed that she understood the predicament and trusted in him to find a solution. Tightening up the temporary lashings upon his armor, he quickly shouldered the bags of supplies and human wealth, pushing Jen out in front of him, one hand on her shoulder to guide her.
“Stupid humans,” Gnak grunted to no one in particular. “No can walk in dark.”
“I have human, you have tiny girl,” Burl said, laughing at his insult.
“You have human warrior. Good sacrifice,” Gnak agreed. “And Korx have big brute of troll. His better than you.”
He watched as his words elicited an approving grunt from Korx, the three of them leading their prisoners side by side, before he continued.
“Me catch tiny girl. It talk to human god. Belong to human god. Does human magic,” he stated, puffing his chest out.
Both of his fellow Orcs made effort to put more space between themselves and the small human girl, but neither voiced a reply to his words. Magic was not known to the Orcs. It was not trusted. Gnak would use it to his advantage. Already his plan was working, and he had just begun. Thinking ahead, he knew he could use magic as an excuse for Jen’s escape while the other Orcs slept. He could then go after her to recapture her once more and take her home instead. Then things would be back on track. He just needed to wait for the opportunity. With Catunga coming to an end, however, he could not wait long.
He knew not if one of the Orcs would try and kill him, and claim Jen for their own. He also did not know if they would simply kill her, in order to make their captures look more enticing. He dared not attack them for Jen’s sake, but could not flee them either without appearing a coward. Again it was Orc logic that made him a prisoner to his situation. With no other option, all he could do was be vigilant. On he guided Jen through the winding mountain pass, steering her clear of obstacles with one hand on her shoulder and the other on the handle of one of his new blades. Just in case he needed it.
It was slow going with the prisoners, and as such was late morning when they reached the other side of the mountains. They had passed the other two giant corpses less than an hour ago, and now they stood overlooking the desert that stretched on to the horizon. Had it been only the Orcs, they could have ran and made it home by nightfall, but with the prisoners they would need to rest and travel slowly. It would take at least two nights of travel, resting during the day.
“For us bring good sacrifice, humans need rest,” Gnak stated, eyeing their surroundings, his peers simply looking at him for explanation.
All around them lay the picked-through carcasses of what just more than a week before had been goblins. Flies buzzed everywhere, their sounds filling the air as if the whole world pulsed with it. Each piece of ruined flesh was covered in a roiling layer of maggots, and the stench pervaded everything. Though all three Orcs fought to maintain their resolve, both humans vomited. The troll seemed not to note the smell.
“See humans,” Gnak pointed. “They weak. Need rest.”
His point made, his clan-mates nodded their approval and they sought suitable ground to rest. It took little time for them to find an outcropping of stone along the mountain’s face where they could shelter out of the sun. It did not provide any real protection, but back in a land they knew, the Orcs feared little. Except for Gnak.
While he led Jen up to the outcropping Korx had discovered, he sought out the easiest route for her to escape. Putting some resistance on her shoulder, he slowed her, letting the others put some distance between them.
“Hear my words. When time, I make free. You go back through mountains. You hide. I come take home,” he whispered, to a responding nod.
Good, then the plan was made. Climbing the rise to the temporary camp site, Gnak sat Jen away from the other human and troll, and made a big show of binding her to a tree. There she was safe, out of the sun, and she had plenty of room to stretch out and rest if she could allow herself to. Removing the two bags he carried, he pulled open the supplies and rummaged around inside the pack. Pulling out what he now knew as bread and cheese, he began to prepare her a sandwich, another word he had learned, layering in a piece of the dried meat as well. She would need her energy. Handing her the meal, he sat the remainder of the water skin at her feet, to drink as she felt was necessary. Without a word he rose, and turned to find his fellow Orcs staring at him.
“Young humans dumb, no can feed self.”
Kank seemed to accept the explanation, turning back to securing his own human and kicked it twice for good measure. Not Korx, though. He seemed distrustful, and watched both Gnak and Jen like a cornered predator. Gnak knew Jen would not be safe with his rival alone and had no plans for resting himself. If he took the first watch, and the other Orcs went to sleep, he could free her and set his plan in motion.
“I watch first, you sleep,” Gnak told his fellows.
“I watch first too,” Korx replied.
Gnak gnashed his teeth, his jaw clenched to keep from cursing. Again Korx had thwarted him. It made sense, if considering both Catunga and Orc tradition, if two were awake, one could not kill the one that was sleeping as the other would see it as a cowardly action. Eliminating their rivals had to be done in a proud way. This prevented any of them from killing each other in this instance, as no two among them would work as allies. Or would they? Korx and Burl had been together. Had they met in the pass by chance as he had come to join them? The question made him even more paranoid. Not that it mattered. Now that he would never be alone with Jen, he had no chance of setting her free.
Settling down upon the ground he peered off into the distance, his anger raging within him. There had to be a way to fix it. There had to be a way to set her free. The only way he could see to do it was to kill Korx and then Burl. But without the ability to kill both of them at the same time, there was no way of knowing how things would turn out. If one was attacked, the other might kill Jen if they suspected something. Again he was forced to wait, hoping for an opportunity to arise.
Just after midday, Korx kicked the snoring Burl and the two exchanged places. Even so, every time anything moved Korx’s eyes popped open, looking around suspiciously. Gnak knew his opportunity would not come this day. At least Jen appeared to get some rest. Hour after hour the day passed and without the opportunity he sought, he rose as night began to fall and woke Jen, allowing her to round the tree to relieve herself before giving her yet another meal. He ate a scrap of the meat himself and, taking up his bags when she was finished, he untied her from the tree as his fellows gathered their sacrifices as well.
The entire night went exactly as Gnak expected. They walked all through the night without so much as a single spoken word. They eyed each other suspiciously, none trusting the others, the whole situation filled with unbelievable tension. It was late in the night that Gnak realized that this night was the whole of his life. Every day was like this. Orcs lived trusting no one. Sure, they had clans, that were more for security from outsiders than anything else, but their society was so skewed that there was no real joy in it.
It was a strange realization. He knew that pride and honor were good qualities. But it was now that he finally realized that Orcs dwelt on them so much that they had twisted them into traits that made their lives pointless. There was more to life than honor and pride. It had taken a small human girl to show him this. A small human girl who was relying upon him to get her home. The same girl who walked before him, seemingly with no fear for herself. Could she have that much faith in him already?
That thought alone gave him more pride than any other achievement in his life. The fact that she trusted him, even with her own life, when she walked towards death with her head held high. Humans were not dumb. Nor were they weak. They had discovered a life that was better than the lives of Orcs. He owed Jen more than her life and a bag full of wealth. He owed her more than his own life. There was nothing he could give the girl that would repay what she had given him. He hoped one day he would be worthy of the trust she put in him now.


With the coming of morning Gnak repeated his routine of the previous day, preparing Jen her food and drink after lashing her to a tree. But this day, it was his turn first to rest. Laying upon the ground, refusing to remove his armor, he turned to face Jen. He watched as she laid down too, giving him one quick grin before she curled up in a ball and closed her eyes. His eyes never closed. He did not dare go to sleep. If he did they would kill her, or him, or both. Of that he was certain. Instead, he kept one blade out of his belt and in his hand as he lay there for half of the day just watching her sleep, the girl who had opened his eyes to reality.
When midday did come, it was again time for Korx to rest. Today the Orc seemed more his normal prideful and cocky self. He was mentally preparing himself for Catunga, Gnak could tell. Korx moved in a way filled with pride in himself. His every action said he was not afraid. He even laid down and went to sleep, showing those with him that he was not afraid of them. Not that it mattered. Gnak could not kill Burl without waking the slumbering Orc, nor could he free Jen without killing Burl. Still an impossible situation.
It was only an hour or two before nightfall when Burl rose, and thrusting his head towards the trees behind them, he motioned to say he was going to relieve himself. It was the only opportunity they would get. Waiting for Burl to disappear from sight, he quickly and quietly untied Jen and shook her awake.
“You go now. Run. Hide. I find you.”
She nodded to him, a determined look on her tiny face, before she darted off into the trees back the way they had come the previous night. He watched her go until she too vanished, and began to prepare the scene by hiding her retreating tracks with tracks of his own. Taking his blade to his forehead he sliced it several times in a crisscrossing pattern, letting the blood pour down his face. Cuts upon the head always bled out of proportion to the wound. Then, picking up a large rock, he pressed it into the newly formed wound, coating one side with blood. Setting it upon the ground a few feet away, he laid down, closing his eyes, and waited.
More than a quarter hour passed, and Gnak thanked the heavens for every passing second, but as he knew they would, his passing seconds ran out. Returning to camp, Burl sounded the alarm with a yell, stirring Korx who arose to inspect the scene. Taking a sharp kick to the back, Gnak feigned stirring groggily, grasping at his head with squinty eyes as he rose.
“Where tiny human?” Korx demanded.
“Not know,” Gnak replied, looking this way and that, continuing his role.
“How human go?” Korx demanded again, as Burl simply stood watching the exchange.
“Not know,” Gnak repeated, then decided his answer was not enough. He needed to buy more time. “Used magic, throw rock,” he added.
They both stared at him a long moment before Korx took action, bending low where the girl had been. He peered all over the ground, his head snapping back up, his face only inches away from Gnak’s.
“No trail. Tracks gone. Magic too?” Korx questioned, his tone seething.
“Tracks gone. Human gone. Need new sacrifice,” Gnak replied.
Korx wasn’t buying it and Gnak knew it. He watched as his rival walked around their little camp, eyeing the ground, searching for a clue. It was only a matter of time before he found her fleeing tracks. Instead of giving him a chance, Gnak had another plan. He followed Korx’s lead and made a show of looking for tracks himself. He was sure to beat Korx back to the trail, and when he did he pointed to the ground and turned to his peers.
“Human no go easy. I go get. Bring back. You go camp.”
Without waiting for a reply he grabbed the pair of bags and his helmet, and ran from the camp, leaning low as if to watch the trail. Gnak sprinted ahead, knowing that Jen would not be far. She was so small that even sprinting she might have gone two or three miles in the time since she left. Even so, he watched as her trail passed beneath him, in case she veered off the course they had taken the previous night. One mile and then two passed beneath his feet and still he ran on. Their plan had worked, she was free, and he was free to take her home.
Knowing he had to be right on her tail he veered around a hill, his eyes on the ground as a blood-curdling scream caused his head to jerk up. Not fifty yards ahead stood Korx, holding the screaming form of Jen by the hair in one hand, his blackened iron blade pressed to her throat.
“Look, find me!” Korx shouted as Gnak grew nearer.
“Give her,” Gnak demanded.
“Is mine. Is sacrifice,” Korx replied.
Gnak watched as Jen struggled, her screams tearing at him as she grasped for her attacker’s hand, trying to take the weight off of her hair. Tears streamed from her eyes, and there was nothing he could do. If he moved to attack she would be dead in an instant.
“You have troll. Troll is sacrifice.”
“Troll dead. This one better.”
That was it, there was nothing he could do. Both he and Korx had gambled and Korx had won. If he let Korx win, at least Jen would survive a few more days. Those days might give him a chance to free her. But he could not return home without a sacrifice. To make it to the end of Catunga, Korx would have to prove Jen’s magic, but Gnak knew he could torture it out of her, proving her worth. In order to be his equal at the end of the ceremony he would have to bring an equal sacrifice. His options were limited. Watch Jen die now, or delay and hope for a chance to save her in the days to come. He would not let her die.
With shoulders sagging, he looked into Korx’s eyes for a long time showing the other that he would not be dealt with so easily. Then, without a word, he turned and stalked off to the south. He needed a plan.


CHAPTER NINE
That entire night after losing Jen had passed without a moment of rational thought. So angered with Korx and himself was Gnak, that he stomped a path deep into desert, wading through mile after mile of sand without mind of where he was going. He hated who he had been, he hated who Korx was, he hated that his people were so caught up in their ways to see what they were missing in the world.
On and on he stomped, mile after mile through the sand over dune after dune, flies and fleas biting at his flesh as his anger and pain enveloped him in a mind-numbing fog. He would have likely stormed on forever, had it not been for the obvious sign that he had wandered somewhere that perhaps he should not have.
Before him, atop the dune he climbed, a pole was thrust deep into the sand. Atop the pole was the eyeless head of an Orc. The face was rotting, and had been in the sun for days so he did not recognize it, but assumed that it had been another, like he, that faced Catunga. Climbing the rest of the way to the summit, he peered beyond and found the reason for the head.
Just beyond the dune was a small oasis. Surrounding the oasis was a makeshift wall, and all around were small buildings made of whatever materials the owners had managed to scavenge to build them. The sounds of screams and laughter, the clank of a hammer on iron and more issued from beyond the walls, and Gnak knew he had found a goblin city.
Where there was a city, there was a king. Where there was a king there was a way to the final ceremony of Catunga, but thinking ahead, Gnak saw another opportunity.
Striding down the side of the dune he grew nearer and nearer the city, and watched as dozens of armed and armored goblins of various shade and size poured out from its gates. They waited for him to near, wanting him to come closer. But he knew goblin tricks. They had weapons that threw tiny spears, and he would not be foolish enough to come within range. Instead, when he knew they would hear him clearly, he dropped both of his weapons and shouted across the distance.
“Bring me king. We talk. If he want kill after, he kill. I no fight.”
Dozens of goblin heads turned this way and that, their mouths parting as sounds issued, but from here he could make no sense of any of it. Minutes passed and eventually a pair of the goblins retreated inside as the rest simply stood watching him, talking amongst themselves. A quarter hour later and an oddity issued out from the goblin city. A strange cart with spiked wheels pulled by two sand boars rolled into sight, a goblin wearing a crown guiding it from the city. The king was dressed in odd fabrics in more bright colors than Gnak had ever seen before. His fingers glittered with jewelry, and even the cart he rode was decorated with that which goblins considered wealth. The soldiers surrounded their strange little king and as a unit they moved towards him. He had never seen such precision from goblins before.
Before they got too close the procession stopped, and Gnak took that as his cue. Removing the pack from his back, he undid the buckles that held the flap on top secure. Reaching in, he pulled forth a fistful of the small pouches within it and threw them over the heads of the soldiers to the king’s feet.
“Hear me, king. I come, no fight. I buy you help. I pay you this,” he thrust out the entire pack. “And talk you where get much, much more.”
He watched as the king looked down to one of his soldiers who pulled open the strings on several bags and emptied their contents into the sand. Several oohs and aahs followed. Then Gnak continued.
“You hear me. We talk. You no like, I go or you kill. No matter. You like, you help. I talk you where get more.”
Again he raised the bag as he concluded, showing his meaning. The goblin king stared at him for a long moment, his fingers drumming on the rail of his cart, each of them sparkling in the sun.
“You come, orcsie. We talk,” the king replied, and with a pull on his reins he turned and left with half of the soldiers. The other half approached warily, surrounding him. His weapons were collected, though not returned, and he was led into the goblin city. The city gate, made of both iron and wood, slammed closed behind him. He doubted any living Orc had ever seen past its walls. But that was not what was important.
The trip through the city made him feel uneasy. Everywhere goblins bounded around to look at him and poke at him. They clung from poles and stood in shops in what seemed some sort of trade area. Items were exchanged here and there, and he watched as he walked, guided through the city. Goblin women paraded their scantily covered bodies through the streets, the men giving them the metal disks before disappearing behind the closed doors of the buildings. Goblin children ran to and fro with no thoughts of pride or honor, simply doing what they wished. Meat hung from racks, and great casks of drink were stacked under canopies, as somewhere in the distance an odd tune was played that carried through the streets.
Taking in as much as he could, he admired the goblins. They seemed to be a happy race, though he had killed dozens in the past. Probably more. Everywhere items were being sold or created, and in one tented hut he even saw something he recognized. Hanging from a rack were tiny jointed men carved from either wood or bone, he couldn’t tell. One of them was an Orc with dark skin and proud features. From its joints small strings were attached and at the other end a pair of handles kept the strings from becoming tangled. Within the shop a goblin made a pair of the small carved men fight with swords as a gathering of goblin children cheered. Gnak grinned wickedly.
Though it was obvious they paraded him around to show him off, eventually they arrived at what he presumed to be the home of the king. It was a tall building that appeared to have been built with more thought than most within the city. Its walls were made of some sort of square-ish stones, all the same earthy red tone, and they appeared to be held in place with a mud like substance that had seeped from between them in some places before drying.
Opening a great door upon the building, the guards parted and allowed Gnak entry. Even here he realized he was not going to be alone with the king. As he entered, near half a hundred of the small spear-throwing weapons were pointed at him from every available place along all four walls. At the center of the room sat the king in a tall chair covered in cushions and carvings. Before the king sat a table large enough that Gnak could not reach him across it. Beyond that was a stool for him to sit upon.
Without a word the goblin king beckoned towards the stool, and Gnak took a seat, tossing the bag of metal disks and stones onto the table as the door to the street outside closed. Still every weapon pointed at him.
“Tell me orcsie, what is it that you wish to purchase?” the gaudy king asked, staring at him intently.
“I want catch giant,” Gnat replied to a room filled with the sound of many suddenly taken breaths.
“A giant….” The Goblin king leaned forward and rested upon his elbows, his hands facing one another. Matching up his hands, finger to finger, he drummed them upon one another over and over as he pondered.
“I suppose you want it alive?” the king questioned further.
“Alive, yes.”
“A big giant?”
“Big, yes.”
“A big sand giant or a big mountain giant?” the king asked, his fingers drumming still upon each other. It was obvious the goblins were smarter than he thought.
“”Big sand. More easy.”
“So the orcsie wants me to catch him a big sand giant…”
Again the king of the goblin city was quiet, his fingers drumming a steady rhythm as his head rocked side to side. He was calculating, though what he was calculating Gnak could not be certain. Perhaps he was weighing risk against reward. Maybe he was thinking of ways to capture a giant. All that mattered to Gnak was that the king was thinking about it and he was not yet dead.
“What will you do with the giant?” the king then asked, his eyes snapping back to Gnak.
“I go home. Take giant. Kill giant.”
“Hmm…” The king pondered. “You want me to catch a giant and find a way for you to takes it home? How much more gold and silver and gems do you have?”
Gnak put the meaning together and looked the king dead in his beady eyes.
“More. Much more. Much, much more.”
“How do I know I can trust you?” the calculating goblin replied.
“I come you, no fight. I trust you, no weapons. I offer you help me or kill me, no matter. I give you trust, you not kill. You give me trust, I give gold,” Gnak replied, repeating the word he now associated with goblin wealth.”
“I’m assuming you have an idea how you want this done?” the goblin king said with a wicked smile.”
“I have idea.”
“And how long do we have to do this?”
“Ten days. No more.”
Gnak watched as the king turned his gaze past him to one of the goblins along the wall.
“Toktok, gather the troops and lots of rope. Have the boars saddled and ready to ride in an hour.”
“Yes, king,” an answer issued from behind Gnak.
It was the confirmation he needed. The king was taking his offer.
“OK, men, put down your weapons,” the king began. “Now, orcsie, let’s hear that idea.”


It took the remainder of the day and part of the night for Gnak and the goblin king to work out the details of what he wanted in exchange for the location of the gold. The king issued order after order, calling for tradesmen from his city and hammering out the details of their plan. Before night had fallen a goblin party departed the city in search of a suitable giant. They still had not returned, although the king assured him that they knew the location of multiple giant lairs. As the night progressed, Gnak was relieved of his armor as it was collected to be repaired and modified as needed. By the middle of the night the agreement was struck and Gnak, feeling familiar with the goblin after hours of speaking, was freed from the room to wander the city as he wished. A decree was given to the people that he was guest to the king, and should not be harmed. All was left for Gnak to do was wander and wait to see just what the goblins produced. So that is what he did.
The remainder of the night passed with him walking the narrow streets of the goblin city, taking in the sights. From time to time his mind would wander to Jen, but he forced the thoughts from his mind. Though she had taught him to think of the future, at present he needed to focus on the here and now. Every goblin blacksmith in the city banged out a rhythm of ringing clangs, a sound that carried on the wind and echoed off the walls of the city. Smoke rose from hundreds upon hundreds of fires, raising into the sky to be carried aloft by a slow but steady wind. Goblins were everywhere. They wandered about the streets, atop the buildings, and everywhere in between. Two goblins even rolled out of a building, their limbs in a tangle as they bashed each other’s teeth out, blow after unforgiving blow. Then without warning a female goblin stood over them issuing a scalding retort that had the pair clamoring to their feet, grinning stupidly as they sought to please her. The whole place was a surreal mystery.
How many goblins inhabited the small city? Gnak could not help but wonder, as he strode down yet another street. He dared not estimate. They never seemed to stay still long enough to get anything done, yet here was a thriving city of them, filled to the brim. For hours Gnak wandered and watched as the sky lightened yet again as another day claimed Thurr. The day brought with it not only light, but a strange clamor among the goblins as well.
No sooner did the sun break the horizon than the goblins began acting erratically, bounding up the streets shouting and hollering like they had gone mad. It was many long minutes before he realized what it was that was going on. Following the throngs of goblins who rushed the outer wall of the city, Gnak was caught up in the crowd and followed along as he was led away. Upon reaching the wall, the goblins spilled out of the city gate and beyond into the desert. Gnak followed.
Stepping free of the piecemeal city wall, he turned and witnessed as a great silhouette was backlit by the sun breaking free from the horizon. A sand giant approached the city, running as fast as its legs would carry it. Harassing it, and staying just out of reach, a great mass of roiling goblins mounted upon domesticated boars led the giant towards the city. Gnak swelled with hope. The goblins had come through for him.
Like the crowd of goblins gathered around him, he watched as the goblins crashed and bounded through the sand, the immense giant trailing behind them, a cloud of dust in their wake.
It took an hour for the goblins to lead the giant near enough they were comfortable, but far enough he could not damage the city. Then the goblins put on a show that Gnak could not believe.
Rushing this way and that, the mounted goblins paired up with one another and began stretching long ropes out between the boars. As some goblins stopped, to entice the giant to do the same, those with ropes ran their mounts around and around the giant’s feet. So many goblins there were, that boars running in opposite directions collided, sending goblins flying into the air or rolling through the sand. The giant began stomping and kicking as best he could, smashing the goblins and boars beneath his feet with spurts of blood and bodily fluids. But still the goblins sought to bind it. Screams and cheers issued from the crowd surrounding Gnak, but he watched on in silence. Goblins ran amuck beneath the giant as boars darted here and there, the whole scene was pandemonium. And then it wasn’t.
Gnak watched as the entire ploy was then brought to an end, as the goblins all turned and rode out and away in all directions, seemingly fleeing the giant. With them they pulled the ropes, and as they all pulled together in all directions the giant leaned back precariously as the ropes began to tighten. The crowd watching grew silent as they stood gazing with unblinking eyes, but now it was time for Gnak to cheer. And he did. Loudly. The goblins looked at him uncomfortably and slowly put more distance between themselves and him.
Grinning, Gnak watched the giant topple over, the goblins securing their lines to long poles being driven into the ground, before swarming over the giant this way and that, again appearing to move in a chaotic fashion. From no more than two hundred yards away, the Orc who stood among the goblins watched as the small attackers finally relented more than an hour later, climbing down from atop the giant’s still body, an apparent web of ropes binding its every movement. Now came the hard part.
Seeing that the show was over, many goblins rushed out to see the giant, or climb atop its face. Whatever made them happy. But Gnak turned and walked back into the city and made his way back to the king’s home. There he was welcome, and could check on progress made by the goblins on his behalf.

Day after long day passed, the goblins working ceaselessly to fulfill his wishes. Over and over Gnak wandered about the city from blacksmith to blacksmith, watching as they progressed. All day and night the goblins worked to create the massive bindings that he sought. Painstakingly they pumped the billows and heated the iron and pounded it again and again in teams, to form it into hooks and rings and links, and all the while Gnak went from one to the next and so on.
As segments were completed he went to the giant’s side and watched them installed. Each piece was measured from the giant’s body and each was made to be as precise as was possible to create a secure fit. Gnak would watch as the pieces were clamped to and through the great giant, and he would listen to its screams of protest. But he could not go on without rest. Catunga approached, and he had to be physically prepared.
In a room offered to him by the goblin king, Gnak would rest when his body required, though he rarely slept for long and did so at odd hours when progress permitted. He ate what he wanted when he wanted, the king taking care of his every need.

It was late the eighth day when they came to him with his armor. The king’s own blacksmith had been working on it in private for days, only sending his apprentices to measure Gnak with a merciless lack of shame. But seeing the armor as they brought it to him, he decided the occasional groping was likely worth the result.
The armor was now a wicked collection of twisted spikes and blackened iron. Gone was the rust, and the entire surface had not only been re-formed to fit him and then smoothed and polished. No, the goblins had gone further. The entire surface of the black armor had been formed into the likeness of skulls and bones, stacked here and intertwined there to create a metal tapestry of death. The lines and detail work within the armor had been filled with a bright silver metal, and the entire surface had been polished to a brilliant shine. Where his helm had before been a plain cylindrical thing with horns that curved up from either side, now the front had been reshaped into a wicked skull, the visor making a mouth that seemed to roar, filled with pointed teeth and two great tusks. It was a true Orc warrior’s armor and Gnak proudly accepted it and began putting it on.
Minutes later, with the goblins’ help, Gnak slid his helm over his head and peered out through it feeling more at home than ever. He was meant to wear the armor. Still the goblins were not finished.
No sooner was he suited up in his armor than his blades were brought into his chamber as well. Though they had neither been altered in shape nor design, the blacksmith had heated the metal and blackened it to match his armor. In the blades were etched two skulls sneering at each other. The first was that of an Orc. The second was that of a goblin. Gnak accepted the blades graciously, sliding them into two scabbards the goblins had built into the backplate of his armor. If the past few days were any indication, Gnak knew the Orcs could learn a good bit from goblins as well.
Moving and flexing, he strode out into the night to make his rounds with the blacksmiths and see to their progress.

The ninth day came and the goblins sought him out, bringing him to watch something they called a coronation. Following their lead, he approached the secured form of the giant for what he guessed was the hundredth time, give or take. Great bands of iron circled its four arms at regular intervals from pits to wrists. The same on his legs. Around his neck was another great circlet of iron, but he had seen all this already. But as he admired the goblins’ handiwork, a cart issued forth from the city and turning, it was led to their location. Out from the cart more than two dozen goblins worked in unison to lift a giant iron crown.
Upon the crown hoops circled the band that rose in progressively taller spikes towards the front. The most prominent spikes rose up at least six feet, with a gap of two feet between them. Into the front of the crown was a silver skull. One side of the device was split with the workings of a clasp upon each half, and the other side was hinged. But that was not the wicked part. Inside the hoop of the crown, where it would rest upon the head, were spikes of iron, each two inches long all around the inner circumference.
Placing the crown upon the giant, all the goblins worked to position it in place before they began the process of closing the clasp. Some of the small green and black striped men climbed atop the giant, pounding the crown with hammers as others stomped upon it to drive the spikes into the flesh. Others pried with bars of iron and twisted rope over and over as the two halves of the clasp slowly came together. The giant screamed in pain, but secured as such was unable to remove the offenders. Blood poured from the hundreds of small wounds, but finally flesh and bone relented to the iron and the clasp was closed before a red hot iron spike was brought and hammered into it, smashing both ends wide so it could not be removed. Gnak did not know if the giant had been a king to his kind before, but he certainly looked the part now.
Speaking briefly to those who installed his designs upon the giant, he was assured that it would be completed the following day. Turning back towards the city, Gnak strode in his black armor, passing yet another cart on its way to the giant. This one was filled with thick chain in varying lengths. Anticipation was beginning to set in, but Gnak did his best to remain focused.

Day ten came, and with it Gnak found himself again speaking to the king of the goblins. They discussed the purpose of the giant and Gnak was truthful in his answer. Gnak was assured the giant was prepared and had even been tested for flaws. So it was that Gnak found himself with another debt to pay.
“Now I tell where gold,” Gnak told the king. “Go to mountains. There path to other side. In path many, many dead. Dead have gold.”
“There are mountain giants in that pass,” replied the goblin king.
“No. Giants die. Orc kill. Orc no need gold.”
“Very well, Gnak, I will send soldiers to collect it. Now take your giant and return to your home. May you one day become the king of your people so that I may visit you.”
“You welcome, my home,” Gnak replied, and turning he stalked out of the king’s home to retrieve his giant.
It was both a gruesome and daunting sight, the giant that the goblins had captured for him. Standing upright it looked like something out of a nightmare. Though in reality it had been inspired by a goblin toy. Atop its head the iron crown sat, and from the rings upon the crown great chains had been attached in bundles, stretching down each side where they then attached to the bands on the giant’s upper pair of arms, keeping them straight out to the sides. Between the giant’s upper arms and lower arms, more chains spanned the gap, securing the pair of arms on each side of the giant together. From the bottom of the lower arms more chains were attached, stretching down to the giant’s legs which were similarly bound together with chains. With its legs straight and its four massive arms out to the sides, the chains between them all made the giant appear as a huge spider’s web. But that was only the beginning of the goblins’ work.
All down the giant’s back great iron rings were pierced through flesh and meat all down its spine. But the rings were only a pathway for a higher evil. Through the rings many cables of tightly woven fibers were run, using the rings like pulleys. Various sharp hooks and barbs had been placed throughout the giant’s body and into his flesh to prevent him from sudden movements. Twisting his torso to one side pulled on hooks pierced through his stomach and the other direction did the same on the opposite side. Bending over drove hooks deeper into its flesh on its neck and thighs. Swinging its arms forward pulled upon the rings in its spine themselves, and swinging them back pulled on hooks dug into the flesh of his chest and ribs. Although the giant was standing, it was basically immobile, able only to walk without causing severe and painful injury to itself. Rounding the giant, Gnak used the bands and rings up its leg and then up its spine to climb up and into the crown. For a sand giant the brute was massive, easily thirty feet tall, but even so, Gnak found the crown a bit confining for his liking. Greeting the goblin at the controls with a grunt, he watched as the goblin pulled a lever secured to the inside of the crown. The giant cried out in pain and lurched forward carefully. The goblin pulled a second lever and Gnak looked over the rim of the crown to see where the attached cable being pulled secured to an iron hook in the corner of the giant’s eye socket. The giant turned its head to relieve the pain, and in doing so it gradually turned as it walked. Releasing that lever and pulling another the giant turned the opposite direction. Finally the goblin released the very first lever he had pulled and the giant froze in his tracks. It was fairly simple really. Forward. Left. Right.
Nodding his approval to the goblin, he waited as the smaller man climbed out and down the giant. Now he could think about saving Jen. With a deep breath he pulled the lever that would make the giant move. He didn’t even want to know where the goblins had placed hooks in the giant’s flesh to achieve this reaction. Slowly the giant stepped forward, its bound legs limiting its stride. Even so, at a giant’s height they covered ground quickly, which was good. Gnak wanted to arrive at sunset.

CHAPTER TEN
The sand blew wistfully over the dunes as the sun fell lower and lower towards the world below. A sand dervish twisted up into the air, whipping up the sand as it moved sporadically before vanishing without a trace. Already the moons were in the sky, though no stars had yet appeared. Gnak was now in land he was familiar with, land that belonged to his clan. Removing his helm, he knew it would be only minutes more before he could see his camp ahead, and they would begin to see him as well.
As the camp came into sight he watched intently across the miles, every step of the giant closing the gap between them. Closer and closer they came, the giant’s footsteps absorbed by the sand beneath it. Another mile passed and the camp’s details began to become revealed. So far as he could tell, nothing had changed. His clan members rushed out to meet him only a few giant steps later, each of them armed, thinking their camp in danger. Out they ran with spears and swords raised until they saw him atop the monster’s head. Even Korx had come, and Gnak was happy to see the look on his face when he realized what it was he was seeing.
Realizing that they were not under attack, they cheered Gnak’s return and loped along beside his enormous mount, back to the village. Once he felt the giant was at a safe distance he released the lever that made the thing move, and it stopped quickly in an attempt to avoid further pain. Picking up a length of coiled cable within the crown, Gnak tied it around all three of the levers and tossed the coil over the side, watching as it unraveled. Climbing down after it, he pointed to a young Orc, not yet old enough for Catunga, and motioned the boy over. Handing the boy the cable, he gave his instructions.
“Hold him here. I go camp. You stay, keep giant king here.”
The young Orc nodded, happy for the honor of guarding the king of the giants. Gnak, approaching the camp, saw all the sacrifices lined up outside its meager wall. Each of them was attached to a stake by a crude leather collar and chain. There were animals, goblins, a tall stag, and the pair of humans as well. Though he tried to avoid it, his eyes sought out Jen and lingered there a long moment. She was filthy, covered in dirt and dried blood. She had been beaten and abused, forced to heal herself as proof of her magic. And she was skinny, too skinny. She was not being fed. Her condition angered him and he clenched his jaw, trying to play his role. Seeing him approach, tears streamed down her face but he could show her no sign. Not now.
Instead he strode past the line of sacrifices and into the camp where the shaman awaited him.
“Gnak, you last come. Some say you not come. You do come. Bring great sacrifice. But Catunga no done. Need give gods blood. Need spill own,” said the Shaman.
“Catunga now?” Gnak asked, hoping once again to buy more time.
“Catunga this night. Moons top sky. Go rest. Eat.”
Gnak grunted his understanding as he turned and strode towards his tent. Crossing the camp quickly he threw back the flaps and stormed inside. It would be several hours before the ceremony, but he could not stand to wait that long. Yet at the same time he wished he could put the ceremony off longer still, and find a way to rescue Jen. He sifted through various plans and scenarios but none of them would work. And then he realized the error in his thinking. Jen saw it, but he had missed it. His understanding of such things so fresh and new he had overlooked it all along.
She had saved his life understanding that he was taking her from her home, probably to kill her. She was not afraid of dying. She knew there was a god in the heavens that waited for her. No, she was afraid of dying alone. That is why she cried. She knew that someone who cared for her would be there when she died. Her tears had been happy. She believed in her god so strongly that Gnak finally saw Jen’s purpose. He thought about it a long time but could not believe it was true. Hours passed and still he debated. There was only one way to find the answer for certain. Rising, he strode back out of his tent.
Crossing the camp, he could not understand the kind of trust Jen had. The trust she had in the gods was far greater than what he and the goblin king had shared. Her trust was blind. She did not know what she was doing. Did she? Could a child so young know more about the gods than he? She certainly understood everything else better. Maybe she was right to trust her god. Maybe her one mistake had been trusting him.
Crossing the camp, he looked up at the moons directly above. Time was running out. Speeding his pace he crossed the camp, weaving in between tents, ignoring the calls of praise and proud words of his clan members. Leaping the small dried mud wall of the camp, he walked directly to her and knelt to the ground to look her in the eyes.
“Korx kill you soon.”
“I know, Gnak, it’s OK.”
“Not OK. All life precious,” he repeated her words back to her.
“Yes, Gnak, but you can kill to survive. Some lives have to end for others to continue.”
“Not this way. My fault.”
“I will die, but you will survive, Gnak. It is the will of my god. I forgive you.”
“You forgive. I no forgive. No ever forgive.”
“Just remember me, Gnak, and I will always be with you.”
“Gahh!” he shouted, clenching his fists. “You no die alone. I watch. It hurt, but I watch.”
“Thank you, Gnak. Now go before they see.”
Rising, he wiped the tears from her cheek. “Be strong. Die proud.”
“I will. I promise.”
Gnak strode away and turning, he leapt back over the short wall and into the camp. He did not know if anyone had seen his conversation. He did not care. He had needed it. She had needed it. He owed it to her. Taking deep breaths, the Orcish warrior worked to calm himself. Orc life was all tension, he reminded himself. He needed to think ahead, and focus on what was important. Then the drums began.
Roaring to release his anger, he turned again towards the camp’s center as his clan began to gather.

“Catunga done soon. Elders choose Korx. Elders choose Gnak. All spill blood for gods. Korx and Gnak shed own blood.” The shaman stated the terms of the ritual.
A great fire blazed in the center of their camp, its flames fanning high into the sky, making immense beasts of the Orcs’ shadows. Embers and ash rained down everywhere, making red glowing eyes in the sand. The crackle of the fire was constant and random at the same time, punctuated by hisses and pops that would have caused lesser races of men to become startled. Tensions were high, just as they were before a battle, for tonight many would die.
Following the procession of those that belonged to his clan, he stood and watched as more than thirty Orcs in Catunga lined up along with their sacrifices. Each of them carried a spear. Because his sacrifice was deemed the best, and because it was not with the others, he would have to perform his kill separately. The drums beat louder and faster.
With a rhythm beating like a great heart, the deep resounding drums carried on and on, over even the sounds of the fire. Red, orange, and yellow light cast a strange ambiance across the gathering, appearing to make the Orcs move and sway when in fact they stood still. Gnak shook his head, a shiver running down his spine. It was time to focus.
Looking to Jen, he watched as her face scanned the crowd, seeking him out, and their eyes met. Locking his gaze with hers, he could see that she fought her tears. He refused to blink as the drums grew faster and faster still, their thrumming becoming almost deafening. He held her eyes with his own and knew that Korx watched him even without looking. Then the drums stopped.
Jen sat upon the ground on her knees leaning forward, facing him, when the spear entered her back. A great chorus of screams arose, mostly that of beasts and goblins, but not Jen. Though her mouth opened and blood spurted from it, she did not scream when it tore through her insides and out her chest again to drive into the ground between her legs. She had been tough, and held her scream of pain inside, just as she promised. Now it was his turn to hold in the scream. Breathing rapidly, every muscle in his body tight, prepared to spring and put down Jen’s killer. He needed to release it. Needed to let go. But he held it in. Let it fuel him.
The drums started again as Gnak strode away from the camp, his entire clan following to witness how he would slay the giant king. Approaching the huge beast, he accepted the cord from the boy he had placed as guard and turned to face those that saw honor and pride in his actions. Sneering at them, Gnak yanked the cord.
Without the ability to turn its head to relieve the pressure created by the pulled levers in its crown, as the hooks in both corners of its eyes were torn in opposite directions, the giant screamed in pain as its eye socket tore. As a natural reflex it attempted to jerk all four hands up towards its eye to protect it, but the result was devastating. Tearing chunks of its own flesh from its back along its spine, the huge iron rings there ripped free. Realizing its error too late, the giant flung its arms backwards, tearing more flesh from its chest, abdomen, and thighs. Blood vessels were torn asunder at every injury as blood began to pour from the numerous wounds. Unable to react in any logical way, the giant spasmed several times, probably in shock, tearing yet more hooks and rings from its flesh before it finally toppled over and crashed to the ground in a symphony of clanks and clangs, its screams rising as a great cloud of dust and sand rose into the air. The giant’s screaming and thrashing went on and on and on. Gnak didn’t move to end it. The Orcs just watched as he stood, letting the giant bleed to death slowly, its screams, a wretched, booming sound, drowning out all others. His clan did not react, did not make a single sound. But Gnak did.
Roaring in anger, he pulled the swords free from his back and charged Korx, his heart seeking revenge. Slashing and jabbing, Gnak attacked as his opponent fended him off with his own pair of crude blades. Their clan gathered around them, suddenly cheering and cajoling, though he did not hear their words, only hers. Thrusting forward, he watched as Korx twisted aside, barely escaping his strike before launching one in return. He did not even try to block it, instead letting it glance off his armor as he struck out again.
Thrusting and slicing, Gnak continued in his relentless rage. He managed to draw blood first, but the cut upon his opponent’s shoulder was minor. Good. He wanted him to die slow, like the giant king. He wanted him to suffer.
Around and around they went, neither gaining the advantage for a long time. Neither seemed to slow, neither tired. Gnak still did not relent, his mind full of rage, hatred, and disgust. But eventually the emotion faded, and only action remained and he realized something. His anger and rage were Orc anger and rage. Feel emotion, react. That was the way of his clan, not the way of Jen. No, she would want him to think ahead, plan, and focus. Fighting the urges that came with a life among his people, he put that version of Gnak aside and did as she had told him. He remembered her. And in doing so he found his advantage.
Watching Korx, and thinking instead of reacting, he could see the Orc’s weaknesses. Parrying a slicing blow, he struck out, stabbing his opponent in the thigh before kicking out with his foot, sending Korx sprawling backwards in a struggle to remain upright. Filled with Orcish anger and rage, when he recovered Gnak’s rival blindly charged again but Gnak sidestepped at the last moment, lashing out as his rival passed, slicing across the side of his ribs. Again Korx came.
Launching himself into the air, the Orc tried to spring upon Gnak, driving him bodily to the ground, and would have succeeded had Gnak not seen the move for what it was. Instead of diving aside, Gnak raised both of his blades, letting their edges absorb the momentum, slicing his enemy as he rolled backwards to the ground, Korx upon him, before shoving with both of his legs using every ounce of his strength. Korx was flung away using both his own momentum and Gnak’s strength, where he landed in a ball with a howl of both pain and rage.
Rising quickly Gnak turned and watched as his opponent gained his feet as well. From forehead to chin, Korx wore a deep gash that continued down his chest. Across his abdomen he wore another, where now he reached to hold his insides from spilling out. Such was his hatred of Gnak and his rage, however, that even defeated he did not relent, choosing a new weapon with which to attack Gnak.
“Korx cut her. Korx beat her. Korx use her body,” he grinned wickedly. “Kill her good.”
Gnak struggled to fight it, seeking out her memory to hold it at bay, but there was no use. Up came his rage again and he leapt upon Korx, smashing him to the ground as his guts spilled around him. Again and again he struck the Orc, his blades driving through him into the soil below. Over and over he hit the Orc, screaming out his hatred, roaring his pain. Again and again he lashed out as the body beneath him became unrecognizable, until the rage, as before, dissipated, leaving him exhausted and empty.
Dropping his blades as he rose to his feet, he turned and stumbled back towards the village, his clan parting before him and following behind. None of them spoke, curious of his actions. Ahead he moved across the sand, dragging his feet, all strength and purpose having left him. Still he continued on. With nothing left but the nothing she left behind, he fell to his knees and gathered her small lifeless body into his arms.
Smoothing her clothes and hair, he clung to her like a babe and petted her cheek, feeling her smooth skin with his fingers. Remember her, she had told him and he did. With pride he held her thoughts and wisdom within him, knowing it was better than his own. But still too he was empty. It was not enough. She was too much to let go. He knew not how to move forward, and wanted her words. But her blood dripped beneath her, coating his arms. And he knew that she was lost to him.
Destitute of anything but empty, soul-wrenching loneliness, he tilted his head back towards the heavens and screamed a seething growl of rage, crying out to the gods like no Orc before him. He demanded an answer of them, blinded by emotion, and invoked the only name she had told him that he could recall in that moment. The world around him was lost to him in that instant as all was obscured by his rage and tears but even so, he felt the tug and blinked to clear his vision.
Crying out to the gods, demanding of them an answer for allowing her to be taken away, he had not expected when one of them answered his call.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Blinking away the fog, Gnak found his arms empty and looking around him he realized that he was not where he should be. Below him a floor of stone leeched a cold chill into his armor, the surface riddled with slippery lichen, moss, and mold. Confused, he rose and explored his surroundings, finding himself trapped in a room of the same cold stone. No light shone in the damp place, the smell of decay within it pervasive. Seeking the outer wall, he followed it from corner to corner until he had inspected it in entirety, yet still no escape presented itself. In life, he was now just as alone as he was in his heart.
Defeated he turned, the breath catching in his chest, as he witnessed that which few mortals would ever share with him. Out of naught but darkness a shape coalesced, forming of the deepest shadows, it became more and more solid with each passing second.
Watching, Gnak dared not speak as the form grew in size, shape, and definition. It was a woman. Human, so far as he could tell. She was small, petite, with milky white skin and charcoal black hair that fell behind her in a long cascade. Upon her body, like he, she wore black armor that clung to her curves like a lover, accentuating her every perfection. But it was not the vision that stood before him that made him uncomfortable. No. It was her feeling. Gnak could feel the woman even though paces stood between them. Looking upon her, feeling the power she gave off, he knew what she was and he felt insignificant in her presence.
Watching as the process that created her slowed to completion, she turned to face him, and again his breath caught. She could have been Jen’s Ma, so alike were their features, the eyes alone setting them apart. For all the human that stood before him, it was the eyes that told him he stood in the presence of more. In her eyes no color shone. No white orbs sat within the sockets. Instead a hollow black that searched through his soul, looking through him to the core of his being. In those depths he could see infinity and knew that no matter his deeds, to her he was but a speck of dust in a vast ocean.
To his knees the proud Orc fell, prostrating himself before the tiny woman, his head bowing to touch the floor beneath him. A floor that made no sound as she approached.
“You dare to make demands of me?” Her strong voice filled the room.
It took several moments to piece a clear answer together, so distraught, confused, and pathetic he felt, but finally he decided upon one.
“No, goddess. Ask help. No demand.”
“You did demand, pathetic Orc. Who are you to command me?”
Again he struggled, discarding words, wishing he had a better command of the common tongue.
“No demand. No command. Gnak dumb Orc. Ask help. Serve.”
“You think that I should help one so pathetic as you?”
“Not think. Pray,” Gnak replied.
“What is it that you want, tiny Orc that you pray I help you?”
Gnak had the distinct feeling that she knew his answers before he spoke them, knew them even before she had appeared, but still he pieced together the thoughts to create the words he hoped would best convey his meaning.
“Want Jen back. No dead. Bring back.”
“You wish to bring back the dead? That is a great power, a great responsibility. What if it does not give you the satisfaction you seek? What if she hates you?”
“Bring back. I fix. Give precious life. Make OK.”
“Is that what you want, tiny Orc?”
“Yes, goddess.”
“And what will you do for me in return of this power?”
“I serve. I do you wish. All time. No ask.”
“You will serve me blindly, trust in my words, and ask no questions?”
“Yes. Trust like Jen.”
“And if your plans are ruined?”
“My decision. My fault. I serve,” Gnak answered, uncomfortably feeling that she knew the future and warned him of an impending doom that approached him, but he wanted more time with Jen at any cost. She alone could help him to make his people better. For a moment the goddess looked down upon him, a maelstrom of possibilities laying somewhere deep inside the black orbs that stood where her eyes should have been. Finally she spoke again, her voice both commanding and haunting, the sounds not matching the movements of her lips.
“Very well, pathetic Orc. I will give you the power you seek in return for unquestioning service. You can use the power to your own devices if you wish, but such power has consequence. Return to your people and use my gift to unite them. Create for me an army unlike any other seen upon Thurr.”
“Yes, goddess,” Gnak replied, the emptiness inside him seeming to subside.
“I am not finished, slave. Return to Thurr, and call me by name. Tell those that serve you that you serve me. Build me temples. Build me an empire. When this is done, I will send to you another of my servants and you will join him, and together you will conquer my enemies.”
“Yes, Ishanya. I serve. Your name, I tell.”
“Then I will open your eyes, tiny Orc, and show you what you need to revive those returned to the gods. You will recognize it, and you can summon it to you, but be wary, little Orc, you serve me, and if I see otherwise I will put you to an end without hesitation.”
Then she was gone. He sat upon the stone floor a long moment, wondering if she had been there at all. Deep inside he believed that she had been. That he had been in the presence of a god. That she had made him a bargain that suited his situation perfectly. She said he could bring Jen back. He could unite his people. He would build temples and cities and more, and eventually he would conquer whatever she wished. Gnak pressed his hands to the floor, pushing himself up as if to rise, when the dizziness overtook him.
With his world spinning, again the fog enveloped him and again he felt the tug to his mind. Clenching his eyes closed he ground his teeth, waiting for the feeling to relent. And then it was gone. Blinking again, he focused on those around him. They stood staring at him, their eyes wide and mouths hung open. Had he spoken his words in this place too? Had they heard him bargain with a god?
It didn’t matter. First he needed to figure out how to bring back Jen. Looking down to his arms he found that he still cradled her there. Her flesh grew darker, the veins standing in stark contrast to her skin. Shuffling his legs beneath him, in an effort to stand, he watched as her head tilted back slightly, her small mouth falling open. And then he saw it.
Like a small swirling orb of light, it came from her mouth and floated slowly up into the air. Not knowing what else to do, he pulled one arm out from beneath her tiny body and snapped the shimmering orb out of the air, closing his fingers around it. He could feel it… To him his hand glowed strangely.
It was not the sensation of holding an object in your hand, at least not on the surface of the skin. Instead it was a warmth, within his hand, a warmth that emanated up his arm, making it tingle strangely. He could feel the eyes of the clan upon him, and reminded himself that they could not see that which he now could.
Opening his hand once more, he turned his palm up and watched as the glowing orb extricated itself from his control, beginning to rise once again. He grabbed it.
Not knowing what else to do, he pressed his hand to Jen’s tiny chest, feeling the ragged edges of the wound beneath it, and waited. Nothing happened.
Lifting his hand once again, he sought out the orb but it was gone. Angered by his failure, knowing he would be without her after all, his emotions began to build within him again. Then she shuddered. The crowd of Orcs gasped.
She shuddered again, and Gnak watched unblinking. Her eyes, having rolled back into her head, blinked twice and again her pupils resumed their normal orientation. Gnak held his breath, his heart swelling, he was unable to contain his happiness as tears streamed unchecked down his face.
Her mouth moved then. Open and closed it worked, as she raised her tiny arms and wiggled her fingers, rubbing the stiffness from her flesh. Then finally, her eyes met his, as if she had just realized he was there, and she spoke.
“Hi, Gnak,” she said, a strange wheezing sound coming from her chest with the words.
“I bring you back, Jen,” Gnak replied.
“I know you will. Can I go home now?” she asked, the wheezing a bit more than distracting.
“Not back home, Jen. I bring back life.”
Realization seemed to strike her, and remembering the details of what had been, she looked down to the wicked hole in her chest and screamed. The Orcs surrounding them backed up, but Gnak was unafraid. He held her close, and waited for her pain to pass, and when the screaming and wheezing stopped he relaxed his hold and again looked her in the face.
“I bring back. You heal. Gnak take home. All fix.”
Her big eyes turned back upon him, understanding spreading across her features as she tilted her head and began to pray. Gnak listened and watched as her expression began to change again. She stopped suddenly, confusion on her face, and began anew. This time she repeated her prayer louder. She stopped again, looking to him with tears in her eyes. Then she yelled the words, praying frantically as the tears streamed down either side of her face. Her magic was gone. She could not heal.
Pulling her securely to his chest he stood, and lowering his head to her hair he spoke to the small girl in his arms.
“I fix, Jen. See shaman. He heal. He no heal, we go humans. Humans heal. I take home. I fix. I promise.”
Eventually her sobs stopped, and he looked out upon all the faces staring back at him. Finally the Orcs showed emotion. Some looked at them with fear. Others stared in confusion or disbelief and others in horror. Some were proud, excited, and a few even shared in their sorrowful reunion, the corners of their eyes moist with either sadness or happiness. Gnak could not tell.
Grasping the back of the collar that still bound her to a stake in the ground, he tore the leather bindings and let it fall to the sand below. Turning, the Orcs parted before him as he carried her into their camp, striding straight to the shaman’s tent.
It was near an hour before the shaman arrived. He had been in the crowd they had left behind, and apparently needed some time to get his own thoughts together before he returned. When he did, he entered his tent deliberately and sat down upon his knees opposite Gnak and Jen.
Gnak looked at his somber face, Jen in his lap leaning back against his chest. She had not spoken, at least not yet, and he wondered what led her to silence. He would ask her but he knew that she needed her wounds treated first. So together they watched the shaman sit and regard them for several moments before he spoke.
“Gnak. Some Orc say you talk god. Some Orc say no talk god. What say Gnak?”
Gnak considered the question, realizing the shaman’s delay in returning to his home. There had been a discussion about Jen and him, some of the Orcs skeptical of what they had seen.
“Gnak talk god. Make deal.”
“So say me to them… God no Orc god yes?”
“God human god. Orc god. All god.”
“God name Ishanya?”
“Yes,” Gnak confirmed.
Gnak watched as the shaman pondered his words for many long moments before he began collecting herbs and clay jars of substances with healing properties, and began to mix them in a bowl. Crushing the ingredients together with a large bone, the shaman stirred and mixed, all the while looking from Gnak to Jen and back again.
“Why god deal you?” the shaman asked after a long silence.
“Not know. Kill giant king?” he guessed.
To be honest, he had no idea why the goddess had answered his plea. He assumed it was like the goblin king and him. He needed help, and had offered something in return, and a deal was struck. He had made a friend of the goblin king, and hoped his relationship with the goddess would be much the same.
The shaman then added some water to the concoction and, stirring it again, created a thick paste. Though she was shy, as she was just starting to become a woman, the shaman had Jen remove her shirt and packed the concoction into the wounds upon both her chest and back, binding it in place with a long strip of cloth before allowing her to again adorn her clothing.
“Leave cloth, many day. Big wound. Heal slow, if heal,” the shaman instructed.
The doubt was evident in the shaman’s voice, but Gnak had seen a miracle already this day and as such had no fears of the wound not healing.
Grunting his understanding of the instructions, Gnak began to rise, carefully helping Jen do the same. Then, looking down to her he spoke, just as much to her as to the shaman.
“This night Gnak captain of tribe. Have Orcs. Make command. No this night. No. We go eat. We rest. Orcs think this night. We see next night, Orcs think Gnak.”
“OK, Gnak,” Jen replied. “I am tired,” she added, turning back to the shaman.
“Thank you for your help,” she told the Orc, to a replied grunt.
Together Gnak and Jen crossed the camp, her following his lead as he first approached the cooking fires. Orcs of all ages watched them pass, some pointing or speaking to those nearest to them, but none spoke to Gnak or Jen. Instead they watched as he cut the small human girl several strips of roasted meat and hacked a large slab for himself as well. Collecting a large clay bowl of water as he left, Gnak led Jen back to his tent, where they settled on the floor facing one another and began eating.
They ate in silence as they had the first time they shared a meal, and just like then, Jen looked to him an odd expression on her face. He knew she was about to ask him a question.
“How did you make a deal with Ishanya?”
“Gnak mad. Chest hurt. Yell loud. God hear.”
“I’m glad you brought me back, Gnak. I wasn’t afraid to die, and I’m still not, but I would like to grow up first.”
“Is good. Grow up. Gnak think good you back.”
“Me too, Gnak. Meee too,” she said nodding her head enthusiastically.
They ate the rest of their meal in silence before preparing to get some sleep. Both were exhausted, and as such they curled up facing each other across the tent, each of them upon a soft pile of furs. Gnak listened to the wheezing sound in her chest as he drifted off, hoping that in the days to come it would diminish. The sound frightened him.

The following day came and went, with little to no activity. Night fell around the Orc camp and the Orcs finally climbed out of their tents, many preparing for a hunt as if nothing had happened. Some delayed, watching nonchalantly as Gnak and Jen exited his tent, but they ignored the looks from those who lingered out of curiosity. Jen seemed in good spirits, though she appeared even paler than the day before. Gone was the gauntness of her skin, as her body absorbed the nutrients she sorely needed after being starved and beaten. Happy she was recovering, he decided to show her his home.
Guiding the human girl about the camp, he pointed out different tents of importance, naming their owners, and telling of great deeds each had done or great kills they had made. She seemed not to recognize the shaman’s tent, but in the state she was in when she had visited it he could not blame her.
It wasn’t until they reached the southern edge of the camp that he watched as several Orcs out upon the dunes hacked and stabbed at the giant whose corpse remained, cutting the beast into manageable sized pieces.
Realizing he had paused in his walk he looked down to Jen, who stared back at him blankly as if her mind had wandered. Thinking it better that perhaps she did not witness the butchering of the giant he led her on, further still, the night growing darker around them. Before the moons topped the sky and began to fall, he led her once again to his tent where they talked of his bargain with the goddess.
“If you made a deal with Ishanya, what does she want from you in return?” Jen asked.
“She want trust. Want me be chief. Want me make all clans one. Want me build temple.”
“Do you think that you should start? What if she gets mad?”
“Not get mad. Gnak tell Ishanya, you life precious. She no get mad. After Jen heal Gnak do promise.”
“Is that all you and… Oh my, I’ve forgotten her name,” Jen giggled.
“Ishanya.”
“Yeah, her. Is that all you talked about with the god? I only ask cause I would have so many questions if ever I met a god.”
“Ishanya say me small. Say bring you back, maybe no good. Say go bad. I tell god I owe this. I bring back, make right. Gnak need Jen make Orcs better. Jen make Gnak better.”
Gnak watched as her little face beamed with pride, a smile crossing her lips as he concluded.
“Aw, Gnak. I like you too.”
On and on they talked, late into the night, with nothing better to do. Gnak was glad she was doing well. The shaman’s words, along with Ishanya’s warning, had worried him. But all was progressing well. Soon Jen would heal and he would leave with her and retrace their steps back to the human camp. When she was safe he could return to his people and begin doing as he had sworn to the goddess. For now he would enjoy her company and continue to learn from her. He did not look forward to taking her home, and being alone without her again. She had changed his life so much, her absence would leave a void in him. Of that he was certain. But so too was he certain that she needed her own people.
Watching Jen settle into her pile of furs, tossing and turning for a short while, he waited until she was asleep before he let go and drifted off as well. It was the middle of the day when he awoke abruptly to the choking and gagging sounds in his tent.
Sitting up abruptly, his eyes snapped open just in time to witness Jen folding nearly in half as she vomited uncontrollably upon the floor of his tent. Wracked by convulsions again and again, she spewed the contents of her stomach upon the ground. Climbing from his bed of furs, he was clueless as to what he could do to be of assistance. Not knowing what else he could offer, he approached the small girl and placed his hand upon her shoulder in reassurance as the spasms passed.
When she was certain she was done, she apologized, but Gnak laid her back down in bed and prepared to remove the foul smelling pile of vomit. Collecting a bucket and large piece of flat stone he scraped the vile mess from his floor into the bucket, sure not to leave any behind. Then, leaving the camp, he strode out into the sand and buried the vomit, filling the bucket with dry sand and dumping it again several times.
Assured his bucket was clean, and sniffing it for proof, he filled it with fresh sand and returned to his tent, replacing what he had removed. Then, with as kind a grin as he could manage, he handed the bucket to Jen with a shrug.
She took his meaning, situating the bucket next to her in case she needed to vomit further. Gnak settled back in bed and both of them eventually found sleep again without interruption for the rest of the daylight hours.

Night came and Jen appeared very much recovered. Her skin looked plump and firm once more, and finally she appeared like the child that she was. Gnak again felt reassured that her health was on the right track. Perhaps humans needed bread and cheese with their meat. Maybe she had simply eaten too much. It did not matter so long as she was recovering.
On this night he related the tale to her, as best he could, of his time spent with the goblins. It was a long tale and took most of the night, but waiting until he finished patiently, Jen had several questions when he concluded.
“Do you think the goblins got their gold?”
“Me think, yes.”
“What was it like riding on the head of the giant?”
“Was big. Feel proud. Know see you. Make happy,” he said to her replied grin. It was an odd warm feeling, making a child smile, and he liked it very much.
“Did the goblin… um…?”
Gnak watched as she struggled for the word she sought, her face scrunching up and lips puckering as she concentrated.
“You know, their leader…”
“Goblin king?”
“Yes, exactly. Did the goblin king… hmm. I forgot my question,” she said with a look of defeat.
“Almost day. You tired.”
“It’s OK, Gnak, it’s just a headache. Maybe if I get some…Oh dear…”
“Sleep,” Gnak said.
“Yes, sleep. Maybe tomorrow I’ll feel better.”
Gnak laid awake for hours watching the small girl sleep. Something was amiss, and he planned to watch her carefully. In a few days they would return to the shaman and have her wound checked. Not thinking straight and forgetting words sounded all too familiar to Gnak. He could not help but wonder if her wound had become infected.

For several days he watched her as she complained about her head hurting. Occasionally she vomited, and her skin had become puffy and taut. She was having more and more trouble completing thoughts and sentences. He dared wait no longer.
Leading the small girl to the shaman’s tent, he thrust his head inside. Within the tent, the shaman turned to face him and, seeing no one else inside, Gnak pulled open the flaps and steered Jen in with him. The shaman sighed, looking at the girl and shaking his head.
“She no heal,” the shaman stated with a simple look at Jen’s face.
“You look. You see. You fix,” Gnak stated, trying to sound neither demanding nor pleading.
“I look. You no like,” the shaman warned, and came to stand before Jen.
Gnak watched as the shaman lifted her arms and tugged her shirt up and over her head. This time she did not wince, her shame having apparently left her. Leaning over the small child, the shaman carefully unlaced the fabric he had bound her small torso in nearly ten days before.
Appearing moist, the fabric was discolored, growing darker with each layer the shaman unwrapped. When he neared the end, a foul smell filled the tent making both Orcs curl their upper lips. Jen did not seem to notice. She simply stood staring off into the distance, her eyes unfocused.
As the shaman unwound the final layer of fabric, pulling it back, the flesh came with it, tearing away from her body like slabs of half dried mud. Beneath the flesh pus oozed, and unwrapping the puncture wounds in both her chest and back, maggots poured from the holes, the foul stench becoming a thousand times worse. Gnak nearly vomited, not because of the smell or what he saw, but what he felt.
Grasping the cloth bandaging, he quickly wound it back around the small girl, tucking the loose edge within the previous layer before snatching up her shirt and tugging it back over her head. The shaman pointed a finger at Jen, turning a stern gaze upon Gnak.
“Girl gone. This dead. Put down.”
Gnak shook his head, snatching up Jen in his arms and fleeing the tent in a rush. All but sprinting back to his own tent, he burst through the flaps just as his tears burst forth from his own eyes. He had done something wrong. It had not worked right. The goddess had warned him but he had not understood. He hated being a stupid Orc, and setting Jen upon her bed he punched himself in the head repeatedly. He had failed her. Again.
For more than two hours he just sat watching her sit across from him with a blank stare on her face. She was still in there. He knew she was. He talked to her every day. He could not do what the shaman said. He could not kill her, not if she could recover. She just needed more time. So he waited.
The entire night passed and Jen did not move. Day came and she did not sleep. Still Gnak watched. It was three hours past dark again when she shuddered suddenly, her eyes blinking rapidly.
“Hi, Gnak,” Jen said, her voice filled with cheer.
The wheezing had returned. Gnak figured it was because there were not enough maggots to fill the holes in her chest and back. He tried to smile at her, but he choked upon the false action, a sob escaping him.
“Gnak. What’s the matter?” she asked, rushing to his side.
“I fail you. You not live. Inside dead. Shaman no fix. Soon you die.” Gnak managed through his emotions.
“Gnak. What’s the matter?” she asked, and Gnak looked to her tiny confused face.
She had forgotten what had happened just seconds before. He wondered if she would be lucid ever again. Or at least, this lucid. Pulling her into his arms he stroked her tiny head, appalled as a piece of her scalp tore away, the hair becoming tangled in his fingers. Removing it from his hand without her noticing, as a means to not startle her, he pushed her back away from his chest and looked into her large eyes.
“Gnak no good. Gnak sorry fail. I take Jen away. Stay with. You die.” He laid out his plan.
Staring into his, face she didn’t even blink. She had disappeared again.
“You go sleep…”Gnak began, but before he could finish she rose from his lap and stalked across the tent, plopping herself down upon the pile of furs opposite him.
“Jen?”
No answer.
So his decision was made. When light came in the morning and most Orcs took to their tents for rest, he would take her into the woods to the north upon the mountainside. There he would stay with her until she died. Again.
He never slept that night, instead watching the small girl slumber, if that’s what she did. He pondered where he had went wrong, thinking that perhaps she had been right again. Maybe he had angered the goddess by not working to carry out his end of the bargain. Maybe he had brought her back incorrectly. Maybe she had been dead too long when he brought her back. He had no way to be sure. All he was certain of was his failure.
He had failed to let her return home when she had asked after saving his life. He had failed to give her the riches he promised. He had failed her by allowing her to be captured by his peers. He had failed her by allowing one of them to kill her. Again he had failed her by using his gift, given by a god, improperly. And now he would fail her again, as again she had to die, because of him. It was a dark and empty feeling that lasted for hours, but while he dwelled upon his failures the day had come.
Angered with himself, he left the tent and set about gathering supplies. Stomping from place to place, he gathered a leather sack and stuffed it full of meat, rope, and a skin filled with water. Returning to his tent, he rolled Jen in the fur she slept upon and carried her from his home, snatching up a spear as he left. With the sun blazing, he crossed the miles of sand until he reached the grassy land beyond. Then, further still he hiked into the forest at the base of the mountains.
High he climbed, where other Orcs were not likely to follow, and where it was cold. It was a sick reason, perhaps, but he knew she would not rot as fast in the cold and even unthinking, her presence comforted him.
For weeks he stayed with her, watching her deteriorate, as it slowly tore him apart. He watched as her scalp and hair slid from atop her head and tore free to settle upon the cold stones beneath them and her eyes ruptured only to deflate and fall from her skull. He watched as the flesh from her fingers tore when she bent them, and broke away leaving little nubs. He watched as great slabs of her skin were left behind as she sought to rise from laying down or sitting. He watched still as her muscle and other tissues turned slowly into a thick black fluid and she was rendered immobile. Still he stayed at her side waiting.
Though it was painful, and he, not she, suffered the torture of her slow death, to Gnak it had been worth it to not put her down. She had had two more days with moderate periods of lucidity and he used them to express to her his regret of failing her and not listening to her. He told her that all would be OK, and comforted her when she realized what it was that was happening, but that had been more than ten days ago. In her final moments of conscious thought, he promised her that he would carry on to see the god’s desires fulfilled, and at the same time he would teach his people that there was more to life than pride and courage. All that was left for him was waiting.
It was three days after her last movement that the little ball of swirling light left her. Unable to let her go, he again snatched it out of the air, and held it close.
It took him three more days of experimentation, but when he was done he was both satisfied and prepared to return to camp. One last time he focused himself inward, and located the small orb of Jen’s light and willed it into his hand. He felt the warmth, and felt the transition as it exited his body, coalescing in his palm. Then, as he had done hundreds of times, he drew it back into himself. Jen was with him. Rising, he strode down the mountainside.
It would be a long walk, but he did not care. Gnak had a promise to keep, both to his goddess and to Jen. He had a plan, and had thought it through several times, but in order to pull it off he had to kill a few Orcs. Sometimes to save many you had to kill a few, and Gnak could live with that. After all, he had an empire to build.
“Gnak wish Jen here,” he said into the empty air, setting his pace for the long journey back home alone.
“I am here,” her small voice replied inside his head.
-End

Begin Volume II Now by purchasing it at the same retailer you purchased this book from.
Fallen Crown
Books by Jeremy Laszlo
Clad in Shadow (Poetry for a Burdened Soul)

The Blood and Brotherhood Saga
(Young Adult Paranormal Fantasy, Ages 15+)
The Choosing (Book One of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)(**FREE**)
The Chosen (Book Two of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Changing (Book Three of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
Crimson (Book 3.5 of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Contention (Book Four of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Champions (Book Five of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)
The Crowned (Book Six of the Blood and Brotherhood Saga)

Orc Destiny Trilogy (A Blood and Brotherhood series)
(Dark Fantasy, Ages 13+ for gore and violence)
Twisted Fate (Orc Destiny, Volume I)
Fallen Crown (Orc Destiny, Volume II)
Three Kings (Orc Destiny, Volume III)

The Beyond Series
(Adults only due to extreme mature content)
Beyond The Mask (The Beyond Book One)
Beyond The Flesh (The Beyond Book Two)
Beyond The Soul (The Beyond Book Three)

Children of the After series
(Post-apocalyptic, Ages 10+)
Children of the After: AWAKENING (**FREE**)
Children of the After: REVELATION
Children of the After: EVOLUTION
Children of the After: REBIRTH



About the Author
I live in southern Louisiana with my wife and children, and work full time as a civilian employed by the federal government. I like to spend time with my family and am excited that we will soon have a new addition in Feburary of 2014.
I spend as much time as I am able writing, but also enjoy downtime with the wife and kids, and am a bit of a movie buff as well. I thrive on sarcasm and nerdism and am currently addicted to The Big Bang Theory amongst other things.
Fantasy has always been my reading genre of choice, though I am picky about who and what I read, and I refuse to read a series out of order. I have been known to devour entire sagas in mere days, emerging only when necessary for survival.
I love to hear from all of my readers, and hope to chat with you on the Blood and Brotherhood fan page on Facebook, here:
http://www.facebook.com/bloodandbrotherhood

Or feel free to contact me through my website and send me an email, here:
http://www.wix.com/jeremylaszlo/author

