Contents

Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Excerpt: War of the One Thousands
About Kachi Ugo
Connect with Kachi Ugo
Other Works
The Vigilante
Curse of the Sword
By Kachi Ugo 



The Vigilante; Curse of the Sword
Copyright 2014 
by Kachi Ugo
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopy, recording, taping, or retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotes embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the internet or any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated

For more information about Kachi Ugo and The Vigilante series, please visit: https://kachiugo.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.



For Mum
for keeping me inspired



CHAPTER ONE

Briksan Sarkson was cursed by a goddess. Her name was Arashani. 
At first he had fought the curse. But when he realized he couldn’t escape it, that it would follow him to his grave, he resigned himself to his fate. His only consolation was that he knew what he carried and the limits to his power, and he also knew he was doomed. However, there were some people who were cursed with a more terrible fate than he was scourged with and didn’t know it. They weren’t just doomed, they were dead.
Briksan sneered contemptibly when he caught sight of Sam Lupest, who lumbered around the busy pub. He carried a dreamy expression on his moist, milky face and sang about how his wife had left him for a rich man from the south; he was visibly under the influence of strong wine.
Sam was a big, muscular, pompous, good-for-nothing scoundrel. With that description, Briksan wondered little why his wife had left him for a rich man besides wealth. 
Briksan knew he had no right to judge Sam because he wasn’t any better. In fact, he was worse. Still he couldn’t resist the urge to condemn Sam’s loathly act.
Sam wore a ratty cotton dress that matched the color of his skin and gave away the pale flesh beneath it. A drab brown pair of trousers clung to his lower parts, few inches below his waistline, revealing the upper parts of his buttocks. There was no belt around his waist, Briksan noticed sourly.
Briksan sneered again, only this time it was louder. 
He wondered whether it was Sam’s thick legs that prevented his trousers from falling all the way to his feet, or whether it was Arashani holding up the trousers, having compassion on him. 
The second thought seemed unlikely because it was the same goddess that had cursed him. Gods didn’t turn over a new leaf. They got worse. Crueler.
Anger flashed through Briksan’s heart, and the muscles in his face tightened under his skin. He hated Arashani. She had made him into what he was now—a monster. She had turned him into a cruel, beastly creature damned to roam the nights with blood thirsty eyes. His only sin? A simple mistake he had made years ago.
Briksan took another sip of the drink he had been nursing for the past hour at the corner of the pub. It calmed his nerves, causing his anger to fizzle.
Briksan turned his attention back to Sam. 
Sam was his closest friend in the village—but only because they were both social outcasts and practically nobodies. Briksan sighed, silently hoping Sam’s trousers would stay up. Because there was only so much shame a man could take before he did something very foolish. Then Briksan would have to put an arrow in his throat or thrust a sword through his heart or hack his waist with an axe. Briksan could think of a number of ways of killing Sam, all of which would guarantee an excruciating death. And he would enjoy the slaughter, friend or no friend. Should Sam kill an innocent person, Briksan would haunt him down and kill him as if he were a rabid animal. It wasn’t Briksan’s fault that he was that way. It wasn’t because of some righteous calling. This was what the goddess had turned him into—a compassionless, killing animal.
All around Briksan, no one seemed to pay any attention to Sam as he trudged around the pub, making his way between round tables. 
It was a normal evening in the most popular pub in Gyarunge. 
The pub was steamy hot and riotous with laughter, loud conversations, and heated arguments. The eleven or so tables crammed into the small room were packed with at least five commoners per table, except his. At one corner of the faded purple walls was a bar. His view of the bartender was occluded by the jammed bodies sitting at the bar. 
In spite of the somewhat serene atmosphere, there was a haunting awareness in Briksan’s heart that the night was about to get murderous for him. He had to kill tonight. He couldn’t endure a night without snuffing out life from someone—anyone. He sneered. It was the gift of the curse.
The urge to kill would start the moment the moon cleared the western horizon, and it would steadily grow stronger. If he didn’t kill early enough, the urge would become so overwhelming that it would take over. No one would survive in the entire village. He would slaughter everyone in sight until the next morning, when the urge would lose its hold over him.
The urge had taken over only once. It had been a massacre. He had murdered every soul in the village—man, woman, child and beast. None had survived. 
It pained Briksan to think of that bloody night. It was the darkest night for all of Lazul since the Tus war. Shortly after, Briksan had moved to Gyarunge and had sworn never to spill innocent blood again. This was the reason why every night, Briksan hunted down criminals, and in Gyarunge, they seemed to be in endless supply.
Briksan took another swipe at his wine. He could feel the urge rising within him. He had to leave soon. If he stayed a while longer, he couldn’t trust himself not to butcher everyone in the pub.
Briksan tensed.
Sirens exploded in his head. Something was wrong, he could sense it. It was also a part of the curse that he could sense danger before it came. He had an early warning system which manifested as sirens in his head.
Briksan shot to his feet, knocking over his chair. 
The pub became grave silent, all eyes affixed on him.
Briksan’s heart raced. He considered several possibilities. Tonight was one night he didn’t want trouble. The four governors were present in Gyarunge for the governors council meeting. Over the past few months, tension had grown between the four territories of Lazul: the north, the south, the east, and the west. The governors had agreed to meet here in Gyarunge to diffuse the tension and plan on moving Lazul forward. If any of the governors died, there would be war.
Briksan caught his breath. His mental sirens blared. His eyelids widened a little—someone was running towards the pub. Briksan spun around and faced the door.
The wooden door swung open and a thin woman fell into the pub. An arrow stuck out of her left chest where blood had drenched her pale blue gown.
Men jumped to her aid. The pub owner, an elderly woman with grey frizzy hair like a bird’s nest, came around the bar barking orders to her workers behind the side door. She took charge of the situation immediately, tending to the wounded, young woman with the bowl of water and soft cloth one of her workers had provided her with. 
“Help,” the woman muttered, “they took them.” She coughed and sputtered bright red blood over her caregiver.
“Quick,” the pub owner said. “Someone get the physician.” 
The two men farthest from the scene ran for the door.
“And warn the guards,” the bartender called after them.
It didn’t matter; Briksan knew that the threat was long gone. He also knew that the woman would die soon. The arrow had gone right through her heart and ruptured it. Time was running out, he had to find out as much as he could before she died.
Briksan pushed through the surrounding crowd. The young lady looked like death. Her skin was pale, almost lifeless. Her breathing was shallow and labored, and her heartbeat was faint. Her dilated pupils stared at the ceiling, unfocused. Death was only seconds away.
“Who took who?” Briksan asked strongly enough to get the dying woman’s attention.
The elderly woman shot him an evil look.
Briksan frowned, his anger building.
“Kaza,” the woman muttered between raspy breaths. “He took the children. He took Rachael.” 
Murmur swept through the silent pub.
Briksan staggered backwards a little. His head swirled. Shock quickly gave way to anger.
“Where?” Briksan asked, but he already knew the answer to the question. There was only one place Kaza took his victims to; there was only one thing he did with his victims when they got there.
The woman raised her shaky hands and pointed north.
It was the only place Briksan dared not venture. Panic swept through him like a flood.
“The evil mountain.” The young woman’s violent coughs drowned the whisperings of fear at the mention of the mountain. “The children shall be sacrificed to the gods at the apex of the evil mountain… Those were Kaza’s words.” The young woman’s eyes rolled inwards as she went slack with death.
The elderly woman shut the dead woman’s eyelids and sobbed, covering her mouth to stifle the sounds with her bloodied hand. Her workers, five teenage girls gathered around her and wept with her. Some men cried too, but others were quiet like Briksan. The barbarian warlord had struck again. The last time he had struck, a whole village had been wiped out by his forces. Now Gyarunge had been marked. Who could stop him?
Briksan raised his head towards the north. Though all he saw was the peeled paint of the corner wall, he knew that the Evil Mountain stood somewhere in that direction. Briksan could turn his eyes away and move on to the next village or better still go into one of the towns or cities, maybe the capital. He could walk away and not get involved, after all he wasn’t a soldier. He could meet Kaza on his own terms and deal out vengeance, but he wouldn’t. Kaza had made a mistake this time. He had taken Rachael, the only woman that knew who he was—what he was—and loved him the same.
The urge to kill poured into his body like molten iron into a metal cast. He could feel the curse of the sword get a hold of his body and his mental faculties. There were only two things to do; rescue Rachael, and destroy Kaza once and for all.
One of the two men that had run out earlier came back in with the physician, a bent old man. “The council of governors has called an emergency meeting. It is taking place now,” he said and ran back out the door. 
The physician thoroughly checked the woman for vital signs before he declared her dead. He whispered to two men standing around and they broke from the crowd, carried the dead body, and followed the physician out the door.
There was no trace of blood where the woman had lain and died. No sign that she had been there or that death had transpired there.  That was how life was, Briksan thought. You did all you did and then you went away without as much as a mark. Death was cruel, but time was even crueler. It didn’t matter if you were a great leader or a venerable army commander, all it took was time. Your deeds would be washed away in the ever churning, ever stormy seas of time.
Briksan left the pub, heading for the council hall where he knew the governors would meet for the emergency session. All the information he needed for his quest, he would get there. Briksan sighed once again. He hoped he wouldn’t kill anyone on the road. The only people that deserved to die this night were Kaza and his men.
 

CHAPTER TWO

The small path, hedged in by low wide huts with thatched roofs, and besieged by a stream of villagers, opened into a wide clearing. Word of the capture and the young woman’s death had spread through the village. All paths led to the council hall to know what the decision of the council of governors would be.
The council hall couldn’t look any more modest than it already did. It stood at the center of the wide clearing, a four walled container of brick and mortar. Its roof was made of straws as were the roofs of the other houses around it.
Briksan had been to many other villages around the outskirts of the north. Though the north was generally the poorest of the four governments of Lazul, to Briksan, Gyarunge seemed to like to wear it like a badge of honor. While other villages’ council halls were large majestic structures with imperial architecture, high fences, and a wide paved compound, Gyarunge’s council hall was a nondescript brick encasing with nothing in the way of fencing, nothing to distinguish it as Gyarunge’s center of power.
Briksan crouched in the dark, on the roof of one of the houses lining the path to the council hall. He observed the procession with keen interest. The villagers wore long faces, some wailed with zealous abandon (probably relatives to the kidnapped children), while others wept. Briksan was four houses away from the guards that surrounded the hall yet he could clearly see their eyes and he could read the expression on their faces. It was another part of the curse; he could keenly see objects from far distances and he could sense their emotions as if he and the object were one.
The soldiers were terrified. It wasn’t just about the kidnapped children; it was the fact that their village had been marked by Kaza. Villages that had been marked that way in the past had been razed in spite of Lazul’s intervention. Now Gyarunge was marked. These soldiers knew their chances of survival were minimal.
Briksan had been a soldier once—an army commander in fact. He could relate to the soldiers’ feelings. They couldn’t run because this was their village and they had sworn to protect it. They couldn’t fight what was coming. Others who had tried had failed woefully. All they could do was wait and die. Gyarunge would end up like all other villages Kaza had marked in the past: razed to the ground.
Briksan balled his hands, gritted his teeth. The urge had grown stronger since he had left the pub, filling his body with inhuman energy and flooding his mind with murderous rage. Briksan slightly pressed against the roof and leapt into the air in the direction of the council hall. He reached heights no human being could ever reach, cutting through the air with striking speed. He covered the distance to the hall in seconds and landed on the roof with a silent thud.
Briksan froze and listened intently.
No one shouted at him. No one had seen his descent through the sky. 
Briksan scanned the roof. The first thing he noticed was the hard ground. The roof wasn’t made of straw like the other houses; it was made of stone. Stable straws had been strewn on it. Briksan noticed an open skylight. He crawled towards it.
The four governors sat around a table at the center of the hall. Briksan recognized them.
“Zorander!” Ulymus said, his voice echoing in the room, “despite your sorcery, you can barely keep your people safe.” For a short man, Ulymus, governor of the east, had a loud voice. A stout pudgy man with dark blue eyes and a short beard sticking downwards from his chin like stalactites in an ice cave, Governor Ulymus was known to employ wit and deception with such effortless grace that he had deluded the great Magnitus, former emperor of the east and tyrant extraordinaire, into surrendering his throne. That day, Lazul had celebrated the birth of democracy in the east, but in the corridors of power, it was decided that Ulymus was not a man to be trusted.
“Be careful, Ulymus Ualiuvus.” Zorander, governor of the North, ruler of Gyarunge, replied. “Remember you are in my territory.” Zorander was taller than most men. In addition to that, he had a slender shape which made him look long rather than tall. The shoulder edges of his regal robes shot out like spikes on a wall. Briksan had no doubt that Zorander would have loved to impale Ulymus with them. It was rumored that Zorander was a sorcerer—that he often convened with the dead and sought wisdom from the abyss. Like all rumors, there weren’t any hard evidence, but Briksan was always unsettled by the man’s eyes. They were unreadable and almost vacant like he wasn’t present in his body.
Briksan had heard of people dying by sorcery. He had tracked down and killed his own share of sorcerers. However, he suspected Zorander wasn’t someone he could easily kill.
“Bah,” Ulymus said, waving away Zorander’s implied threat with his hands. “Where were those teeth when that fool, Kaza, attacked?”
“I will not—” Zorander started, his voice rising.
“That’s what I thought,” Ulymus cut him off again with a dismissive wave of his hands. “Another one of your airy rants.”
“I do not think any of us could have done anything different than Zorander did to prevent such incursion had they happened in our territories.” Ariel’s voice was calm, and even yet strong and sonorous. The governor of the West was tall, but not nearly as tall as Zorander. His brown eyes were wizened beyond his age. Maybe that was why they always carried a sad expression about them; they knew too much of the folly of men. Ariel’s wisdom was great throughout the lands and so was his kingdom. The west was the largest independent state of Lazul and had the highest population. Leading such an enormous amount of people stretching over a vast expanse of land could cause great strain.
No wonder he had developed grey hairs at such an early age, Briksan thought, observing the grey linings on Ariel’s thick dark hair.
“Speak for yourself, Ariel,” Ulymus retorted. “If it was not for the north’s poor impoverished defenses, Kaza could not have walked into a Lazulan village and abducted twenty-six children. Twenty-six!”
“Says the son of a whore who gained power through deception and guile rather than honor and a fight.” Zorander balled his hands into the air. “What do you know about city defenses? When was the last time you fought a war?”
Ulymus flared with anger. “How dare you insult my—”
Zorander slammed his balled fist into the table. “Where were you during the Tus war? Where were you when the different factions of Lazul were unified into four governments? Where were you when Kaza struck the west and Ariel needed our help?”
Ulymus glared at Zorander, his eyes glowing in pure hatred. If stares were knives, his would be razor sharp, tearing through Zorander’s ocular muscles.
For a moment, Briksan thought Ulymus would lunge for Zorander.
Ulymus clapped, his angry face melting into a smirk. “I applaud your…heroism in battle, but that doesn’t excuse the fact that a warrior attacked one of your villages and made away with as many as twenty-six children. Zorander, son of Zakaiah, you have failed your fathers.”
Briksan could sense the tension tearing through the room.
Zorander shot to his feet. “I will not tolerate this insolence in my territory—before my people,” 
The murmurings of the villagers that had crammed themselves into the council hall had quieted down.
“What insolence?” Ulymus yelled back, jumping to his feet, his lack of height made evident as he stood before Zorander. “I only speak the truth.”
“If you are trying to start a war, Ulymus,” Zorander said, jabbing his finger in the short man’s face, “I assure you, you will find out just how strong the northern army is.”
“Zorander, Ulymus, please,” Ariel begged with tired eyes. “War isn’t always the answer. Let’s—” 
“War?” Ulymus replied, grinning with sarcasm. “You speak of war when you cannot even defend your people? I never thought I’d say this Zorander, but you’re a shameless excuse for a governor.”
“Why you little rat! I will destroy you. I’ll raze your cities. I’ll burn your villages. I’ll—”
“Enough!” Lillian roared. 
Silence swept through the hall.
Ulymus and Zorander still glared at each other, but they dared not speak. Lillian, governor of the south and Lord of the council of governors, might be a woman, but she was the most powerful of the four governors in all regards: physical strength, wealth, military strength. No one dared oppose her. When she spoke, everyone listened. Sometimes, Briksan wondered whether other territories were truly independent or whether they were all ruled from Omnitus Prime, the capital city of the south.
“Sit down, the both of you,” Lillian instructed with an edge in her voice as if daring them—begging them—to defy her. Lillian had a tall slender figure, fierce eyes, and golden hair that she wore long. She was beautiful in a salacious way which Briksan thought was no fault of hers. She had become governor by inheritance being the second born of Shanitus and heir apparent to the throne. The first born, Lillian’s elder sister, had been lost along with their mother during the Tus war. Lillian was just a child then. The south had searched for years but her mother and sister were never found. They were presumed dead.
The Shanitus household was the richest in Lazul and naturally, the south was the richest territory. The south had the brightest military tacticians and the strongest military force to go with it. For all intents and purposes, the south was the greatest of the four governments and as if to buttress that point, Lillian sat majestically dressed in full body armor that sparkled even in the dull light from the surrounding torches. She stared at Ulymus and Zorander through ferocious dark green eyes that had yellow specks around the edges. Those eyes were distantly familiar to Briksan. 
Ulymus and Zorander obeyed her instructions. 
Briksan had a feeling that there would be more to come of what had just happened in the days and months ahead.
“Now,” Lillian said, calling attention back to herself, “twenty-six children as well as a woman. How did that happen?” Lillian shifted her gaze to Zorander. “Tell the council and the twelve representatives and the people of Gyarunge what happened.” The twelve representatives, who comprised three persons from each government, sat in tall chairs around the governors. Behind them were three layers of armed warriors and then the teeming villagers.
Zorander shot one last angry look at Ulymus before straightening himself in his chair. The anger vanished from his face and his voice as if it had never been there in the first place. “Kaza struck during a shift change of our border patrol. He attacked us exactly where our defensive line around the village was weakest. Unfortunately, the children were attending night school with their teacher—the woman that was kidnapped along with the children. They were all abducted. Before our forces could arrive at the scene of the incidence, Kaza had retreated with his prize.”
Someone wailed in the crowd. It incited a strong response from the crowd. A huge crowd had gathered around the building that was too small to fit them. These ones also joined in, fearing to be left out in this act of allegiance. The wailing sounded like eerie cries distressing the calmness of the night and assaulting Briksan’s ears. He winced, wishing he could shut them up.
Lillian raised her right hand. 
“Silence,” a guard bellowed.
Silence descended amongst the people, rippling to the crowd outside.
“Is it confirmed where the abductees were taken to?” Lillian asked.
Briksan caught what he thought was a glint of hope in Lillian’s eyes as if she expected Zorander to say no. He could tell that the issue was personal to her. The question was why? The north couldn’t be any more farther from the south than it already was.
“I’m afraid so, milady,” Zorander replied, a grim expression on his face. “Kaza is taking the children to the northern face of the Evil Mountain where he has a fortress. He has taken the route through the forest of Arduin.”
Ulymus muttered a silent curse.
A murmur rumbled through the room.
Briksan already knew the information but that didn’t prevent Zorander’s words from causing the hairs on his neck to stand on end. The Evil Mountain was one place no Lazulan could go and expect to return. But what caused Briksan’s fear was the route Kaza had taken. It was suicide to enter the forest of Arduin. 
Kaza had struck border villages before. His usual target was the west. He would pass through Rahmna and cross the Trithis marshes to get to the west from the Evil Mountain and back. Now that Kaza had abducted his highest number yet, he chose to enter the forest of Arduin? Risk the lives of twenty-six children and Rachael? Briksan couldn’t wrap his head around that.
“How is that possible?” Ariel asked, quieting the babbling crowd, “Kaza would have to cross the forest of Arduin with all its terrors, the River Lephretes where the winds of Nanthos stir from and then go through the barren lands which no man can cross before he is fried by the sun’s intense heat. No one can survive that journey. No one!” Ariel’s voice exuded all the fear that everyone felt. 
“The details are still sketchy,” Zorander replied, “nonetheless, my wise men tell me that Kaza possesses an ancient power that will help him convey himself and his host to the Evil Mountain without harm.”
“How ancient?” This came from Ulymus.
“I am not sure,” Zorander replied, thoughtful. “I do know that it’s older than the New World. It originates from the Old World, maybe as old as the elder gods.”
There was a silence.
Ariel broke the silence. “If what you say is true, then it would be foolishness to go after Kaza.”
“Not just foolishness, Ariel,” Zorander replied, “It would be a blood-bath.”
“During the rule of Ignatus,” Ulymus said, “when Lazul was united under one government, capital punishment was banishment to the forest of Arduin. No one ever survived because of what lay in the forest. Our rescuers wouldn’t even catch up to Kaza before they are ripped apart.”
“I think we should start considering the possibility that Kaza would use such power against us,” Ariel said. “He has not made it a secret that he is an enemy of Lazul.”
“So we cannot send help to the children?” Lillian asked.
Zorander sighed. “No, milady. It would be a waste of the lives of our men. The children were already dead the moment they crossed into the forest of Arduin.”
Lillian turned her face away to hide her disappointment.
The crowd erupted into cries. Even from outside, the cries filled the night.
For Briksan, the urge grew stronger. He could barely control it. The urge made Briksan stronger, faster, and more agile. Though he doubted he could save Rachael, he would still try. Rachael was the only person who made his pitiful existence bearable. He couldn’t think of life without her.
“Silence!” A guard’s command stilled the crowd and brought Briksan back into the council hall.
“If we cannot go after the children, maybe he can.” Lillian said.
Ulymus frowned. “Who, my Lady?”
“Him.” Lillian looked up and pointed directly at Briksan.
Everyone looked up at him. “It’s the vigilante,” some in the crowd whispered.
“Guards, seize that man!” Zorander commanded his guards.
Briksan smiled, admiring Lillian’s tact. She had managed to sense his presence without giving any indication that she had. She was truly a warrior. 
The soldiers would be surrounding the council hall now and making their way up. Briksan had only seconds to escape. He didn’t want to kill any innocents. 
Briksan studied Lillian’s eyes as they looked into his. They pleaded with him to help save the children. Briksan nodded and spoke with a deep voice that filled the hall. “I will find them and return them home.” Briksan stood and turned away. He didn’t know why he had said that. He didn’t need to. There was just something familiar about Lillian’s eyes that had inspired him to say it.
The villagers that had jammed themselves in the hall were now pushing their way out. Briksan heard their whispers: can he help us? Will he help us? Even the vigilante couldn’t make it that far.
Briksan walked to the edge of the roof. All eyes were on him, villagers, soldiers, and governors. In the mass below him, several held torches that lit the ground. Briksan stood at the edge and stared at the frightened villagers. His outfit perfectly concealed his identity. He wore green, hooded leather shirt and trousers with a buckle belt holding both at his waist. The green hood was a gift from Rachael. It was made of a rare material in the south that refused the penetration of light.
The muscles around Briksan’s face tightened. The urge was getting unbearable. His eye sight was reddening. He had to kill someone, now.
“Vigilante,” Zorander bellowed from below. “You are surrounded, surrender.”
Briksan studied the governor of the north. Zorander stood at the center of the crowd, surrounded by two layers of soldiers. They were the governor’s personal guards, the best warriors in the whole north. Around the outer perimeter of the crowd, several archers aimed their bows and arrows at Briksan. One word from Zorander and they would unleash a hail storm of arrows on him. Briksan would never survive it.
Briksan slowly bent to a crouch and summoned all the strength that built in his body. With a wince, he stifled the urge to jump into the crowd and start hacking and slashing.
“Well?” Zorander said. “Would you rather die up there?”
Briksan managed a smile at the governor. He would die, but not today, and certainly not at the hands of Gyarunge archers. Briksan took one last look at Zorander, carefully studying his eyes. He frowned. There was fire in Zorander’s eyes. The goddess had told him that he would know murderers for the fire in their eyes—fire that only he could see. Zorander had that fire in his eyes, fire like a wisp of smoke swayed by a soft wind.
Briksan tensed. What had Zorander done? Who had Zorander murdered? Was that why he was so keen on catching him? Briksan clenched his teeth barely overcoming the urge to arrow Zorander where he stood. 
Briksan jabbed his finger at Zorander, and the murmurs of the crowd ceased. “Murderer!” Briksan yelled, letting more anger into his voice than he had intended. 
The crowd gasped. 
Zorander shifted his weight to his other feet. His gaze wavered.
Briksan continued. His voice was low and deadly that everyone strained to pick his words. “When I return, I will find out the truth. Then I will come for you. I will kill you.”
Zorander’s expression turned to stone. “Very well,” Zorander croaked. “Archers—”
Briksan shot into the air. Several arrows whizzed by but none hit him. Briksan cut through the air, rising higher—inhuman higher, the air rippling through his cloth. He crested and descended, several buildings away from the council hall and beyond Zorander’s archers’ range. Despite his velocity, Briksan landed on a roof like a dove, soft.
Briksan stood, swung around, and faced the distant council hall. He made his hand as if about to notch an arrow. An arrow and bow of fire came ablaze in his hands. He pulled the fiery bow string and targeted Zorander’s heart. Briksan could see that far.
The crowd ran helter-skelter. The archers shot into the air. Zorander yelled orders, turning, searching for him. Briksan wanted to kill the man. He wanted to tear him to pieces and give his carcass to the birds of the air.
Briksan roared in anger and raised his bow to Lillian who was looking in his direction. Briksan let his arrow loose. The arrow zipped through the air. It covered the distance to the council hall in under three seconds. The fire whizzed past Lillian’s lower right ear, causing her hair to flail. The arrow struck a white haired man behind Lillian. The man staggered backwards and collapsed to the floor, dead. The people around him dispersed like a ripple. 
Almost immediately, the urge reduced. It was still there and he was still dangerous, but Briksan would not become a wild killer tonight.
The man Briksan had killed was one of the north’s representatives, Garland Nartiatun. Garland was responsible for several deaths that had plagued the north’s senate few days ago. Though he had not slashed the sword himself, Garland had ordered the hits on those senators. Garland was just as responsible for those deaths as the men who had swung the sword. He had failed Lazul.
As for Zorander, Briksan would not kill him today. Not while the other governors were around. He didn’t want to start a war. But when he returned—if he returned—Zorander would be the first person he would visit in the night.
Briksan’s eyes focused. He still stared at Lillian who still looked in his direction. At that distance, Lillian would only be able to see his silhouette. 
The crowd was disbanding.
As Briksan studied the yellow specks in Lillian’s eyes, it suddenly hit him where he had seen eyes like that. Briksan’s muscles weakened for shock. It could only mean one thing. But how could it be? It cannot be! Briksan shook his head. He couldn’t bear to consider the implications.
Briksan turned away and jumped off the roof to the sand ground of the deserted street. He looked north and saw the distant outline of the Evil Mountain. At first light tomorrow he would set out for the forest of Arduin. Though he wasn’t as strong in the day, travelling at that time was the best chance he had of making it past the forest alive. The dark places of the earth are the habitations of evil and cruelty. How true, Briksan thought. 
Briksan sighed and pulled back his hood. He was more likely to die before he made it to Kaza’s fortress, but he couldn’t turn away now that Rachael needed his help. He couldn’t bear to allow Kaza do to Rachael what he had done to his parents. The tyranny of Kaza had to end.
The hushed conversation of approaching villagers filtered into the air.
Briksan pulled on his hood and ran into the night.
 
CHAPTER THREE

The door opened as Palme Dojva snuck into the large bedroom. Her eyes darted left and right, apprehensive, before settling on Lillian. Palme approached.
The bedroom was plush even for southerners. In the room was a king-sized bed covered in white silk and two dressing tables on either side. On the left wall beside the door was a massive and exquisitely carved wardrobe and opposite it across the room was a curtained doorway that led into a well-furnished study. Zorander had gone out of his way to make her feel comfortable.
“Yes?” Lillian asked the medium height beauty.
“He lives four houses from the local pub, my Lady,” Palme replied.
“Good work, Palme,” Lillian replied. “Ready my supplies.”
“But my Lady,” Palme protested, “he is a dangerous man. He killed Sir Garland Nartiatun, a member of the twelve representatives of Lazul.”
Lillian hissed. “Garland was nothing but a thug and a killer. He deserved what he got. In fact, I would have been happy to put the arrow in his chest myself.”
“True,” Palme continued, “but what’s to stop the vigilante from putting an arrow through your heart? Have you forgotten the Barluvan massacre so soon?”
“Know your place, Palme.” Lillian said with a shrill voice.
Palme jerked, startled by Lillian’s response. She bowed her head. “Forgive me, my Lady,” Palme replied.
Lillian turned away from Palme, sorry that she had spoken harshly to her. Palme was right to question her decision, because it was foolish. But Lillian was desperate. Palme had been helpful, risking her life to follow the vigilante to his house. Lillian had no right to speak to her the way she just did. Palme was also right about the vigilante. Lillian couldn’t trust him. He was a vicious criminal, a heartless murderer. One that should be razed from the surface of the world, cut into pieces, and scattered in River Krackner.
Lillian wasn’t sure of her plan. The vigilante could kill her on sight, she knew that very well. After all, what had stopped him from murdering all those people in Barluva? Lillian had been there after the massacre. Bloody body parts of men, women, and children littered the streets of the village. Even animals were slain. Every living being in that village had suffered a terrible death, such death that even murderers didn’t deserve. Nonetheless, Lillian had to talk to him. She had to follow him on his quest to save the children. She had to know the truth.
Lillian took a deep breath and faced Palme. “I know how dangerous the man is, but I have to question him. And I’ve not told you this yet, but I intend to follow him on his quest.”
Palme raised her head, shocked, her mouth gaping. “What?” She gasped. “My Lady, you are not seriously considering going to the Evil Mountain.”
“I’ve made my decision, Palme.”
“Y…your father,” Palme stuttered, “your father would never approve of this. He’ll have my head for letting you go on this fool’s errand.”
Lillian disregarded the insult only because Palme was right. It was a fool’s errand. She felt sorry for Palme. She had been in impossible situations before. Situations where she couldn’t exert her will even though her will was the right way to go.
“My father is not here,” Lillian said, “and he will not kill you. You are like family…” Lillian’s voice trailed off at the word. Everything she had ever done in her life, she had done for family. Her education, her military training, her lifestyle, all for family. She couldn’t think of one thing she had done for herself. It had been constantly drummed into her head from when she was a child that she was highborn and therefore she had to act in a certain way, talk with a certain demeanor, even eat in a certain way. Even now, what she was about to do, she did it for family. A family she had lost when she was but a child.
“Ready my supplies, Palme,” Lillian ordered.
“Yes, my Lady,” Palme said and obeyed.
Palme packed enough bread and water to last four days into a small brown bag. She stuffed two changes of clothes into the bag—clothes just like the one Lillian wore; a black silk gown slit at her sides from the waist down freeing her legs, a pair of tight leather trousers and black boots. On her gown, a thick golden strip, littered with glossy flower designs, ran from her chest to her feet. Lillian had chosen the apparel because it provided flexibility, and it was light weight. It was perfect for battle and for climbing. Unfortunately, it revealed just how curvaceous her body was and she didn’t like that. It was the real reason why she wore full body armor most times she was on official or diplomatic business—to conceal her curves. She felt men wouldn’t take her seriously if she wore royal gowns. They would rather lust after her body than listen to her reason.
Palme stuffed a dagger into the brown bag as well as a small pouch containing Daudeus healing potion. Distilled over a period of seven days by a horde of apothecaries in the deepest dungeons of her father’s palace, Daudeus healing potion could cure all kinds of disease, repair all kinds of body damage, and act as an antidote to all kinds of poison. All kinds. Lillian had no idea how Daudeus had created such a potion except that the man was simply a genius. Daudeus kept the formula secret, even from her father.
Palme handed her the bag. “I spoke with Zorander.”
“So?” Lillian flung the bag over her shoulder. It was surprisingly light, almost weightless. The bag must have been enchanted.
“So, from tomorrow you have five days before Kaza sacrifices his victims to his pagan god.”
Lillian nodded, noting Palme’s use of pagan. In actuality, no god was pagan. They believed that no god would condone the sacrifice of man, much less ask for one because it was against the Sacred Laws. If Kaza was going to sacrifice children to a god, then it would be a pagan god, a god that only existed in his imagination.
“Then I best be on my way,” Lillian said. Five days was enough to get to Kaza’s fortress, assuming they had no trouble along the way, which was unlikely.
“I suppose so,” Palme replied with a sad expression on her face.
Lillian placed her hands on Palme’s shoulders. “It will be alright, Palme,” Lillian said softly.
There was a flash of hope in Palme’s eyes. “Let me go my Lady,” she said, “let me go in your place.”
“I cannot ask this of you, Palme,” Lillian replied. “This is my burden, I must bear it alone.”
Lillian watched painfully as the hope dwindled in Palme’s eyes. Palme was the daughter of General Valous, high commander of the south’s army and right hand man of Lillian’s father. But to Lillian, Palme was like a sister, a sister she had lost.
Lillian hugged her and headed for the door. She tied a black scarf around her golden hair to conceal her identity. “Take my place at the council of governors. If I’m not back in ten days, assume the worst.” Lillian opened the door and walked into the dark court.
She made her way across the smooth, cobble-stone ground towards the gate on the other side. She counted four heavily armed guards around the gate. There were, no doubt, more guards patrolling the grounds, but she could only see the four. Lillian felt for the sheathed sword strapped to her waist. She didn’t want to fight the guards that were there to protect her, but she would if they didn’t let her pass.
As she got closer to the gate, they noticed her.
“Halt,” one of the guards barked. “Who goes there?”
Lillian ignored the guard, picking up pace towards the gate.
The guards moved to intercept her. “I said halt!”
Lillian complied.
The guards stood before her. “Reveal yourself,” one said.
“It is I, Lillian Shanitus.” Lillian pulled down her scarf, fully revealing her face to the soldiers.
They gasped, dropped their swords, and fell to their knees, their body armor clanking all the way. “Your majesty, forgive us. We did not know it was you.”
Lillian had definitely not expected that response, but she stood and played along. “I forgive you. Now go behind the compound, I heard noises there. I think someone is trying to break in.” Lillian held her breath. The guards may reverence her, but they weren’t fools.
One of them, probably their leader, looked up at her dubiously. “My Lady, it cannot be. This place is heavily guarded.”
“You doubt me?” Lillian feigned fury.
“No, my Lady,” the guard stuttered. He said to his men. “You heard the governor, move!” They all stood and ran down the courtyard towards the house.
Lillian tied her scarf and sprinted through the gates into the sandy street. She made her way through the tiny streets of Gyarunge, carefully following the directions Palme had given her. The streets were dark and deserted. Earlier, they had been lit up by the moon, but now the moon had hidden behind thick clouds.
Lillian stopped before a small, ramshackle house. She took a deep breath. The house was a wood and straw house, just like the other houses in Gyarunge, with a make-shift veranda that cut into the already narrow street. The vigilante’s house was dark. Maybe he was asleep. Maybe she would catch him unawares, Lillian thought. 
Lillian drew her sword, approached the rickety wooden door, and opened it.


It happened so fast.
Though he was asleep, Briksan knew she was at his door even before she drew her sword. When she drew her sword, she became a threat. And so the urge pumped through his body, jerking him out of bed with a sword in his right hand and his eyes blood red, ready to kill.
Briksan would have slain the governor of the south had it not been for her yellow-speckled green eyes. The moment she stepped into his house, Briksan was already swinging for the kill. There was no need to think things through. Under these circumstances, it was swing first, think later. Briksan was the vigilante. Anyone sneaking into his house in the night would only be doing so for one reason: to kill him. Except they were thieves, but then, they had chosen the wrong house.
By the time Briksan’s sword had gotten to Lillian’s upper body, it cast a harsh glare through her scarf. It was then he saw the yellow specks. He immediately realized it was Lillian. Even if he wanted to stop his attack, which he didn’t because the urge had taken temporary control of his reflexes, he couldn’t. It was simply too late.
To Briksan’s surprise and relief, Lillian’s reflexes were just as sharp. Before his sword could strike her left shoulder and slice through her body, her sword came up and blocked the attack. Sparks of fire flew in every direction.
“I just want to talk,” Lillian said through clenched teeth.
Briksan ignored her statement and pushed against her, using her body to slam the door shut. Lillian grunted on impact.
“How did you find me?” Briksan asked. His voice was low but deadly. 
“I am the governor of the south and I demand—”
Briksan twisted his sword and flung her sword out of her grasp. It clattered to the hard ground. Briksan slammed his elbow into her throat and pushed her upwards against the door.
Lillian squirmed, gasping for breath. She tried to free herself from his firm clutch, but it did her no good.
“How did you find me?” Briksan asked again, looking into her green eyes and perceiving the perfume she exuded.
“Palme,” Lillian gulped, “followed…you.”
“Why?” Briksan asked.
Lillian didn’t answer.
“Why?!” Briksan pushed harder.
“Quest,” Lillian cried. “Follow…you.”
Briksan pushed back, releasing her. She collapsed to the floor, her chest heaving. Briksan waited for her to catch her breath, then he watched as she stood, picked her sword and sheathed it, and straightened her black robe.
Lillian looked at him, furious. “I will—”
“You’ll do nothing,” Briksan cut her off. “You shouldn’t have come here. I could have killed you.”
Lillian’s frown deepened. “You can try. I’m not a pushover you can swing your sword at and kill, just like you did in Barluva.”
At the mention of the village, pictures of that night came flooding back into his mind. The heavy downpour, the mixture of blood and water that soaked his cloth, the screams of terror from both man and beast, his endless slashing of women and children. That night had been a dark one for Briksan. It had scared his conscience for good and Briksan knew there was no forgiveness for what he had done. Briksan had suffered from nightmares of that night, oftentimes reliving the whole gruesome experience over and over again. It had tortured his sleep. It still did.
As he thought about that night, the urge grew stronger in him. He fisted his hands and stifled the drive to put an arrow through Lillian’s right eye.
“You shouldn’t have come here,” Briksan said again, teeth against teeth.
“Is that it? You’re not even going to defend yourself?” Lillian said. Her voice was a tad louder. “You killed over one thousand and seven hundred men, women, and children in cold blood and you’re not going to say anything?”
Briksan got angry. “What do you expect me to say? That I am sorry? That isn’t going to bring them back.”
“Palme was right,” Lillian snorted. “You’re just another murderous criminal. If you think going above the law to fight crime in Gyarunge will atone for what you did, you’re wrong. Nothing—nothing! —can ever atone for the innocent lives you took in Barluva.”
Briksan’s fists went numb. He looked at it and saw that it had whitened from the pressure. It was all he could do to keep from vaulting towards Lillian and strangling her to death.
“Not a day goes by that I do not think about that night,” Briksan said. “Yes, nothing I do can atone for what I did. What I do now, I do to prevent another massacre. But I do not expect you to understand.”
“Oh, I understand very well,” the governor said, closing the distance between him and her. “I understand that you are a murderer and a liar. I detest you! If I didn’t need you, I would have the whole northern army on your head and when they capture you, I would personally hack you into pieces and scatter your remains into the winds of Nanthos.”
Briksan suppressed his anger with great difficulty. One reason was because anger was like a catalyst for the urge and as it were, his control level was strained. The other reason was because he didn’t blame Lillian. He would probably think the same way and say worse things if sides were changed. 
But could anything be worse than the winds of Nanthos? Briksan asked himself. He shivered at the thought. He couldn’t process the possibility that there were more terrifying horrors than the winds of Nanthos. And the source of the winds, River Lephretes, was on his path to the Evil Mountain. He silently hoped the winds wouldn’t stir while he crossed. He would never survive it. Never.
Briksan glanced at Lillian’s angry face. He couldn’t deny that he needed help. Right now, Lillian’s was as much help as he would get. “I don’t know what you are thinking,” he said, “maybe you have a silent death wish or you want to experience the worst death yet, but I’ll need help rescuing the children.”
“Good,” Lillian said, “one of my maid servants has readied some horses for us at the edge of the village. We leave at first light.”
“First of all, we’ll use the horses,” Briksan replied almost clipping Lillian’s voice off, “royal horses are a lot better than what I can provide. Second of all, this is my quest—my mission—I’m in charge. I give the orders, you carry them out. If that’s going to be a problem for you, then you better leave.”
Lillian glared at him, fuming silently.  
Briksan understood. Lillian was not accustomed to people telling her what to do. Right from when she was a child, being the heir of Shanitus and heir apparent to the throne, until now that she sat on the throne herself, Lillian had always been the one giving the orders. Now she was being instructed by a murderer and a liar. Well, she was going to have to live with it.
“Fine,” she said.
“Very well,” Briksan said. “Make yourself comfortable. Get some sleep if you can. We leave before dawn.”
Briksan knew that no matter how hard she tried, she would never be able to make herself comfortable in his one-room house. Not only because of his presence which was a major reason, but also because she was royalty. Her comfort level was high.
Briksan’s room was small: one bed, a chair at the corner, a small wardrobe, and a sack where he kept his clothes. Aside from that, his room was bare.
Briksan fell back on his bed, his body bare from his waist upwards. For the first five minutes, he hovered between consciousness and unconsciousness. He was lying on the bed, paralyzed with sleep. One swing from Lillian’s sword, and he would be dead. But she wouldn’t do it. She couldn’t afford to damn the only chance they had of saving the woman and the children. This was what Briksan believed.
 
CHAPTER FOUR

That bastard, Lillian thought. That vicious killer dared challenge my authority? She was going to kill him—no!—she was going to make him suffer first. She was going to torture him until he was begging and screaming for death. Then, she would slit his throat and watch him bleed to death.
Lillian observed Briksan’s lifeless, muscular body on the hard bed. She could end him this moment. She could end the tyranny of the vigilante. But she needed the lout. Rest assured, once they rescued the children and Rachael, she would destroy him, and she would enjoy doing so.
Lillian hissed and turned her gaze away from Briksan, seething quietly. ‘What I do, I do to prevent another massacre,’ Lillian recounted the words of the vigilante. What buffoonery! Did he think she was a dolt? He had purposely slaughtered hundreds of children that night, now he spoke as if he had never meant to. Lies! All lies!
Lillian felt months of bottled up hatred for the vigilante spill into her heart. She hated him. When she had brought up the Barluvan massacre, he had seemed sincere, he had seemed…sad, he had wavered a little. Lillian had seen her share of liars as the governor of the south to know that it was all just an act. Briksan was a dexterous liar.
She hated that she had to work with him, but he was her only hope, her only hope of finding the children and the young woman, and learning the truth. Her father wouldn’t approve of her working with the vigilante even though it was the only way. In fact, her father would never sanction the entire mission. But she had to find out the truth. She had decided to put aside her personal hate for the vigilante in order to help him rescue the children. The moment she realized she no longer needed him, she would dispatch of him.
Lillian relaxed her body and suppressed her anger. She became drowsy. She closed her eyes to sleep and was awoken by the banging at the door. It felt a lot like a second, but she must have slept for several hours because she could hear the roosters. She still felt sleepy…
Several bangs on the door jolted her out of her slumber. She shook off the drowsiness and stood to her feet.
“Briksan open up, it’s Sam,” a voice said from the other side of the door.
Briksan was already fully dressed in his vigilante uniform: green leathery shirt and trousers taut around his body, black belt, and black shoes. His head was exposed and his hands held no weapon. Somehow he could summon all kinds of weapon out of thin air and into his hands. In effect, he was armed to the teeth.
Briksan opened the door, and Sam pushed into the room. Briksan closed the door behind him and said to Sam’s back, “Sam, what are you doing here?”
Sam studied her for a moment, then his eyes lit up with realization. He was tall, strongly built and muscular. He wore a green sleeveless jacket over a white shirt and a tight, light-brown pair of trousers. His face was clean shaven and handsome is a rough way.
Sam bowed a little. “Your highness.” He then turned to Briksan. “I know you’re going after her. I’m coming as well.”
Briksan seemed more level headed and calm than he had been in the night. The red tint in his eyes was gone as well as the hunger for death in his expression. It was as if he had suddenly changed overnight. Lillian thought she knew better.
“It will be dangerous, Sam…”
“I know. I’m coming,” Sam replied. “You may be immensely strong in the night, but you will need help rescuing the children. You can’t fight Kaza and his men and keep the children safe at the same time.”
It was rare for Lillian to find a man she liked. She was rich, strong, powerful—beautiful by all standards, and so her taste in men was refined. However, she was taken by Sam—his rugged handsome face, muscular body, strong hands—and that was why she hadn’t realized Sam’s statement implied that he had knowledge of who the vigilante was and that he was in fact friends with the vigilante, Lazul’s most wanted man.
“You know he’s the vigilante?” Lillian asked Sam, unnecessarily pointing at Briksan for clarification.
Sam turned and raised an eye brow as if to ask, what do you think? He said, “Yes, my Lady.”
Lillian instantly hated Sam. “And you didn’t inform the authorities?”
Sam frowned. “Briksan is a good man and he’s my friend. If you knew who he really was and what happened to him, you wouldn’t be so hateful,” Sam scolded
Lillian felt as if she had been slapped. Anger rose from her belly like molten fire from an erupting volcanic mountain. Never had she felt so insulted in her entire life. That a lowlife villager would talk to her so bodaciously? Lillian capped her emotions and placed Sam on her mental list of must-kills. 
Lillian said to Briksan. “He cannot go with us. I will not go if he goes.”
“We need all the help we can get,” Briksan replied, “I’m sorry milady but Sam comes with us. It’s better that way.”
Lillian scowled. She wanted to make it very obvious that she disagreed, but she said nothing. Majorly because she couldn’t help but notice Briksan’s calm demeanor. Milady? Few hours ago he had been rude to her. One of his tricks, she concluded, refusing to see any light in his darkness.
“Would there be enough horses for the three of us?” Briksan asked her.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Very well,” Briksan said. “Sam, you are coming with us.”
Sam smiled. “Thank you.”
“No. Thank you,” Briksan said with a grim expression. Lillian caught his meaning. What they were about to do had never been done for ages, at least not until Kaza. They were most certainly headed for their deaths. Anyone stupid enough to come on this mission was to be appreciated. Sam’s bravery (or stupidity) was commendable and if nothing, it made her more attracted to him. But that only made things worse for her, because she could not overlook Sam’s support for the vigilante. She hated him for it, and she might—would—kill him for it.
“Let’s go,” Briksan said.


Things got harry immediately.
They stepped out of the warm, sound-insulated interior of Briksan’s house into the cold and inadequate illumination of dawn. His eye sight weren’t superhuman in the morning, but it didn’t take paranormal eyesight to see the horde of soldiers down the otherwise deserted street. It was as if the whole army had invaded their street. Down the street and methodically making their way up towards Briksan’s house, the fully armored soldiers searched every house. They knocked on the door first, and if no one answered which was always the case, Briksan observed, they broke down the door, rushed in, two or three, then out and on to the next house. They weren’t searching for something. They were searching for someone.
Sam whistled softly.
Briksan’s heart thumped against his throat. They had finally located him. The soldiers had located where the vigilante lived, and they were now searching for him. Briksan panicked. It must have been Lillian’s servant who ratted him out. Who else knew where he lived? 
A thought struck Briksan’s mind. He turned his head slightly and looked at Lillian through his peripheral vision. He realized that this could very well be an elaborate ruse by the governor to capture him. If it was, then they had won. He was a strong fighter without the curse, but he could not take on an army.
A gust of wind brought the voices of the soldiers up-field. The soldiers weren’t searching for him, they were searching for Lillian. Lillian must have heard what he heard because she said, “Curse Zorander. He sent the whole army after me!”
They weren’t out of trouble yet, but Briksan relaxed a bit. His identity was still protected. “Wait, this is not official? Zorander doesn’t know what you’re up to?”
“What do you think vigilante?” Lillian responded with a look of disgust, forcing the word out at ‘vigilante.’ “If he knew what I was doing he’d have my residence barricaded with whole battalions. He fears my dad more than he fears me.”
“Do you know what you’ve done?” Briksan replied, angry. “The whole streets would be crawling with soldiers. We’ll never make it to the forest. You’ve damned any chance we had of saving the children.”
“We can still make it,” Sam said quickly, diffusing the building tension “But we have to move now. We take side streets, elude the soldiers.”
Briksan pulled his hood on. “Keep your heads down.”
Briksan had operated as the vigilante in Gyarunge for several years. He knew the village inch by inch. There were several hidden paths and undiscovered shortcuts that he used often to move through the village unseen and unhindered so that he could hide his approach to his target. It was through these hidden paths that he led the group.
Slowly, they edged towards the northwest entry point of the village where Lillian said the horses would be. What should have naturally taken them minutes stretched to over an hour. Sometimes they had to stop and crouch in the shadows and let a team of soldiers pass by. Those times, they would crouch for several minutes. They did their best to avoid the soldiers which was difficult despite Briksan’s secret paths because the soldiers were everywhere.
As they moved, Lillian tirelessly heaped curses on Zorander. Curses that Briksan couldn’t have thought of or said. She told them that Zorander couldn’t care less for her safety. She said that Zorander was just being political, trying to get into her father’s good graces, because if her father found out what she was doing, he would be severely distressed. And so when Zorander delivered her to her father, saying that he had saved her from her own foolishness, he would look like a hero. That meant more money and more support for Zorander all at Lillian’s expense.  She was governor quite all right, but it was her father who really ruled the south and even Lazul.
Briksan thought about it. Improved standard of living in the north, greater military support, in fact, greater trading with the south which will invariably mark an age of prosperity for the north. That was how much Lillian meant to her father. But all these at what cost? The lives of twenty-seven people were too high a price to pay for money and power. What was money and power without people? The rich wouldn’t be rich except for the poor. If everyone were rich, then they were all poor. It was the same for the strong and the weak. No matter how opposite two absolutes might be, one could never exist without the other. There would be no light, if there wasn’t already darkness.
However, Briksan felt that this was not the real reason why Zorander had ordered a search on such a gargantuan scale. Lillian had been the one to ask for his help last night at the council of governors meeting. Zorander may have suspected that she would come to him personally, giving Zorander a way of tracking him down and killing him. And why not? The vigilante had threatened Zorander last night.
“We are here,” Lillian said.
They stopped. The houses had thinned since they left central Gyarunge. Briksan could see only six small thatched houses on both sides of the path separated widely by sandy ground. They looked uninhabited. The path they treaded had changed from hardened sand to dusty ground and ahead, the path joined an expanse of white sand, vast from left to right. Yards across the sand, was a straight line of huge buff trees that marked the beginning of a thick forest. It was the forest of Arduin. Halfway across the sandy stretch, a sturdy, twelve foot boxy structure stood in the ground. It was the northwest outpost. Tied to the four pillars of the structure were four horses. 
Briksan felt uncomfortable; he suspected a trap. The outpost wasn’t supposed to be unmanned. There was supposed to be at least four guards at every outpost, and in the light of recent events, for this outpost that number should have tripled or even quadrupled. Briksan got that the outpost could be left unmanned as no one expected an attack from the forest of Arduin. Still, Kaza had proven them wrong. 
“It’s a trap,” Sam announced.
“You see it too?” Briksan asked.
Lillian rolled her eyed, hissed, and stepped off the dusty path effectively leaving Gyarunge, Lazul-north, and Lazul. Sam glanced at Briksan for what to do. Briksan shrugged. They followed Lillian.
The moment they got to the horses, the trap was sprung. Armed horsemen came at them from all sides; from Gyarunge and the forest. Before Briksan or Sam could respond, they were surrounded and facing sword edges. 
The leader of the squad dismounted his horse and took a cursory glance at Briksan and Sam. Briksan recognized him from last night. 
“My name is Captain Phillips,” the man said, addressing Lillian. “I am the captain of the governor’s personal guards…” Phillips voice trailed off as he observed Briksan’s apparel that would no doubt have given away his identity as the vigilante had it been in the night and his hood was on and he had a flaming sword in his hands. These men were the best fighters in the whole north and perhaps Lazul. Phillips didn’t say it, but then, he didn’t need to. It was an immutable fact.
Phillips turned his gaze back to Lillian who had been silent all the while. He was a tall man with a narrow face, excessively greased hair, and a moustache. “My Lady” —he bowed curtly—“we are under strict orders to bring you and these men back to Gyarunge.” With or without your consent, Phillips didn’t say, but it was in his eyes.
Lillian stepped towards Phillips and began to say something when Sam drew his sword and lunged for Phillips.
Phillips stepped aside, barely escaping Sam’s arcing sword. He jabbed his fist into Sam’s abdomen. The jab was so strong that Sam’s whole forward momentum came to an abrupt end at the point of contact between fist and flesh. Sam spat blood. Phillips shoved Sam’s mass backwards. Sam thudded the white ground.
Briksan frowned and took a step towards Phillips. He vaguely registered the wince in Lillian’s face when Sam landed hard on the ground beside her. The stranger thing was what he felt. The urge, though mild, coursed through his body. He felt his every muscle being invigorated with inhuman strength and vitality. It had never happened before, he had never experienced the urge during the day. Something was terribly wrong, but he didn’t have time to worry about that now.
Briksan took another step closer to Phillips. Phillips smirked at him as if daring him. His anger grew and the urge strengthened as it fed on his anger. Briksan was about to lunge for him when Lillian raised her right hand, signaling him to stand down.
It wasn’t the hand that doused the urge, it was the eyes. They pleaded with him. Briksan unclenched his fists and let go of the urge.
“My Lady,” Phillips said, raising his hands in an I-mean-no-harm way that Briksan knew was a lie. “I do not wish to cause trouble for you or your men—” 
More lies.
“—I’m simply following governor Zorander’s orders. Let us return you to the safety of your residence in Gyarunge.”
“Absolutely not.” Lillian spoke firmly and with authority. She briefly looked at Sam who moaned lightly as he came around. “I will not return to Gyarunge with you. Now leave us be.”
Phillips expression hardened. “My Lady, I’m under orders to take you by force if necessary.”
Ah, there it is.
“Touch me and I’ll have Zorander deliver your head to me on a platter of metal,” Lillian replied in a grave tone.
Phillips took a defiant step towards her. His hand was on the hilt of his sword. “Governor Zorander fears your father more than he fears you.” Phillips smiled. “You will agree with me my Lady that it is better to be in his good graces than in yours.”
“Why you little—” Lillian started.
“Men take—” Phillips cut in.
“Wait!” Briksan’s yell surprised everyone. He spoke to Phillips. “Do you know what it is we are doing out here?”
Phillips thought for a moment then said, “No, but it doesn’t matter. This place is too dangerous. If Governor Lillian dies on our watch, we won’t survive the invasion of the south. I’m sorry about the insult, but you have to understand, this is about Gyarunge, this is about the north.”
Lillian backed away, allowing Briksan to deal with the mess. She knelt down and tended to Sam. 
Briksan was surprised by this gesture, but he hid his surprise well, unlike Phillips and his men. “We are on a quest to save the woman and children that were abducted by Kaza.”
There was a silence.
After a short while, Phillips said, “So it’s true?”
Briksan nodded.
Briksan wondered if Phillips’s child was among the children that were missing. That would explain the pain in his expression. Soldiers like Phillips and the men he had come with rarely disobeyed their orders. In fact, they never broke them. But if Phillips’s child had been kidnapped, maybe Briksan could reach out to him on that level.
“Phillips,” Briksan started, knowingly calling the man without his rank, “twenty-six children are missing and maybe none of them is yours, but there are twenty-six families who are bereaved. Several parents who may never get to see their children again. In less than four days, these children would suffer a fate worse than death. A fate no one should ever suffer. Even if there’s the slightest chance that we can save these children, isn’t it worth taking?”
“Are they really still alive?” The macho in Phillips’s mien was gone. Now he spoke with a soft voice. Briksan could almost feel the pain in his voice even though they were evident in his eyes. Briksan knew he almost had Phillips. Maybe they could move on without any bloodshed. Briksan had already decided he would not go back. Even if it meant killing these innocent men, he would.
“Yes,” Lillian said, helping Sam to his feet.
“We can help them,” Briksan said, “let us help them.”
Phillips nodded. “Men, ready their horses with supplies.”
Without so much as a complaint, the soldiers dismounted from their horses and transferred supplies to their horses. It seemed it had not occurred to Lillian’s maid servant that the horses would need food and water. 
Sam had recovered but he still wavered. Lillian led him to their horses.
Phillips steered Briksan out of earshot from the others and said in a low but stern voice. “The governor is your responsibility. You seem to be a man from the north. Yes?”
No. “Yes.”
“If the governor dies, the north’s independence dies with her. It’s that simple. Bring her back safely and your family will never lack as long as there is Lazul.”
“I’m not doing this for the money,” Briksan replied immediately. “And I cannot promise anything. Governor Lillian knows what she’s getting into. Beyond those trees, nothing is certain.” Briksan made to leave but Phillips stopped him.
“One more thing,” Phillips said, “tell your friend that nothing can ever happen between him and the governor. Remember she’s a daughter of the Tus household. A conjugal relationship with her is forbidden, it is against the seventh Sacred Law. The south may be powerful, but they are not as powerful as the north, east, and west combined. And believe it, should Lillian break the seventh Sacred Law, there will be war.”
At first Briksan didn’t follow Phillips. The impression the latter had almost made him laugh since he was aware the two had only met that morning. But then, Briksan remembered the look in Lillian’s eyes when she met Sam. He also recalled how she had reacted to Phillips’s handling of Sam, and how she had tended to Sam with more attention than required.
Briksan sighed. He didn’t want this problem with him on this journey. He knew what the Sacred Laws were. He also knew that it was mortally dangerous to break one of them, especially the seventh one. And frankly, there wasn’t anything he could do about it. He only hoped that Sam would remember the laws.
“Sam was once a soldier. He is disciplined. He knows where to draw the line.” This was all Briksan said, hoping he wouldn’t be proven wrong.
“Good,” Captain Phillips replied. “I think I remember who you are now. You are not a man of the north.”
Briksan’s heart beat a notch faster. The only people who would be able to tie him to the vigilante without seeing him reveal his identity were those people who knew where he came from. Those people who were there when it happened. 
“What do you mean?” Briksan said, swallowing. He didn’t want to give away anything.
Phillips looked around before gazing back at Briksan. “If my men found out you were once a commander in the south’s army, especially the commander that led the Yakwon victory, they’ll have your head. What I want to know is what happened? One day you were revered in the whole south, the great Commander Sarkson, and the next day, you just…disappeared.”
Briksan realized he had been holding his breath. He let it out. Phillips knew a piece of his past, but he certainly didn’t know that he was the vigilante. He also didn’t know that he had been cursed by Arashani after that, but Briksan wasn’t about to tell him that.
“The government turned against me,” Briksan simply said.
“Ah,” Phillips said with a raised eye brow, expecting Briksan to explain further. But Briksan was done talking. He walked away from the man and mounted his horse. Lillian and Sam trotted to his side.
“How are you doing?” Briksan asked Sam across Lillian.
“Sorry about that,” Sam replied with a sour grin. “I thought I had him.”
“Next time, wait for my signal.”
“Yes.”
Briksan nodded.
Phillips mounted his horse and nodded at Briksan. “May the gods protect you on your mission,” he said and signaled to his men. He and his men moved forward, Phillips leading his pack. As he passed, he said to Briksan, “The moment you enter the forest, keep moving. Never stop. Remember this: only the slow die in Arduin.” Then he galloped in the direction of Gyarunge.
Briksan glanced at Lillian. Her gaze was fixed on the line of the trees ahead. She stared at the forest with eyes of hope when all Briksan could see were the terrors awaiting them there. “Milady,” Briksan spoke softly, trying gently to stir her from her thoughts. “I strongly urge you to return to Gyarunge. I and Sam can complete this mission without you. This…this quest is more likely to end in our death than in our success. Please, reconsider your decision to go.”
Lillian didn’t turn her eyes away from the forest. She said, “I’ve made my decision, Briksan. Let’s go, we are wasting time here.”
Her unwavering commitment to the mission at hand even in the face of certain death surprised Briksan. However, what surprised him more was her use of his name. It was the first time she had called him by his first name. Maybe she had begun changing her mind about him. But Briksan didn’t want her to change. He wanted her to hate him. He wanted her to hate him for what he had done for the rest of her life. He wanted to be punished, to suffer for Barluva. He didn’t need another friend. Sam and Rachael were enough. 
“When we hit the forest, keep moving.” With that, Briksan led then with a canter towards the forest. 
As they got closer, Briksan felt as if a covering was being lifted from them every step they took towards the forest of Arduin. They were essentially living the known world and venturing into the wild. There would be no help for them beyond the line of trees. Still, his resolve was strong. Briksan knew that that resolve was about to be assaulted. He hoped it would hold. He had known men who had bragged before a battle only to get to the body-strewn, blood-stained battle field, thousands of vicious looking men surging towards them with swords ready to slay, and flee. Men who ran like that got arrows in their backs.
When they got to the edge of the forest, Briksan roared. The canter turned into a gallop as they entered the forest of Arduin.
 
CHAPTER FIVE

They rode for hours. 
At first, the forest had impeded their movement. The forest was so thick that they made slow progress, mostly darting left and right, dodging solid tree trunks than moving forward. After a long while, the forest thinned. They sped more and darted left and right less.
Now it was getting dark. The horses were tired. They had only stopped twice for less than fifteen minutes and it wasn’t to rest the horses. It was to get their bearing. Phillips’s instructions still rang in their minds: the moment you enter the forest, keep moving. Never stop. Only the slow die in Arduin. Briksan wanted to avoid any sort of confrontation as much as he possibly could; nevertheless, he was worried.
They had sped across Arduin for the most part of a day, and they were yet to face any resistance. Briksan had heard stories about Arduin; stories that had kept him awake half the night as a child. A long time ago, capital punishment was banishment to the forest of Arduin. It was told that the moment convicted criminals set foot on the forest, they would be snatched by beasty creatures and what would be left of their existence was a horrid scream that usually vanished within seconds. Where were these creatures? Briksan wasn’t one to go looking for trouble, but they had sped across considerable distance and were deep in Arduin but they saw no horrors of Arduin. Where were they? Briksan was bothered.
Every trained soldier knew that when resistance wasn’t found where it was most expected, it had nothing to do with luck. It simply meant ambush. Right now, the whole forest stank of ambush. Somewhere within the forming shadows around them, a great horde of terror awaited the night to fall on them. Briksan could feel it in his bones.
The other thing that bothered him was the vastness of Arduin. If it had taken them most of the day to get this far, where there wasn’t even any indication that they were near the end of the forest, then there was no guarantee that they would catch up with Kaza or make it to the mountain in time to stop the sacrifice. It could very well take them several days to cross the forest by which time the children would already be dead. Briksan had no doubt that Kaza would use the ancient power he now possessed to shorten his journey. In fact, Briksan believed that Kaza was already in his fortress getting ready for the sacrifice.
But Briksan had other pressing problems.
The whining of his horse brought Briksan to the present. The sun, having raced across the sky from east to west, had set and the moon was making its entrance. The trees around them were tall maple and pine trees with massive trunks and high branches. They currently traversed an area of the forest that was sparsely populated with trees. The landscape was punctuated with boulders that ranged in size, some to as tall as the horses they rode. Sam led the company, Lillian followed from behind him while Briksan brought up the rear.
Briksan noticed the horses had slowed to a trot. The horses were exhausted. It was already dark; the horses wouldn’t travel in the dark without light, and light was one thing Briksan had forgotten to bring along. He cursed silently.
Briksan called ahead and told Sam that it was a good place to stop. Sam and Lillian agreed. They stopped and set up camp beside a huge rock. 
Sam and Lillian gathered sticks to make a fire for the camp while Briksan led the horses further north, far away from the camp. He tied them to a tree, fed them from the dusty sacks strapped to their waists and returned to the camp.  
They had set up in a wide treeless patch. The boulder was rooted at the edge of the clearing. Briksan wondered how it had gotten there. Their sleeping pads were already rolled out around the fire place.
The trio ate dinner in silence.
Briksan’s fears grew with every bite he took from his cold bread. Though it was dark, it was not yet night. Once the moon cleared the horizon and became fully visible, the urge would rise also and become fully evident. When that happened, Lillian and Sam would be in danger. Briksan was afraid he would kill them. He could hold off the urge for a while, but eventually it would take over him. He had worried so much about the problems they would face from the forest and what it contained that he hadn’t considered the problems Sam and Lillian would face from him.
Sam broke the silence. “It has been too easy so far. I smell ambush.”
“I agree,” Lillian said, looking at Briksan and expecting him to comment.
Briksan was about to say that he too thought they were about to be ambushed when his fears manifested. For a split second, every muscle in his body tightened as if contracted by an unseen force. Then they relaxed. Next, the urge poured into his being like molten magma down the sides of a volcanic mountain. Like an adrenaline rush, it pumped into every cell of his body. Inhuman strength pulsed through his muscles. Murderous rage exploded in his mind. His eyes turned blood red. Briksan wanted to kill. He had an overwhelming desire to see tissues ripped, to see blood spewed, and to hear screams of agony shortly silenced by death. 
He fixed his bloodied gaze as well as his new hunger on Lillian.
Through his peripheral vision, Briksan watched as shock played across Sam’s face. Sam knew what just happened, and what was about to follow.
Lillian shifted her stare between Briksan and Sam. She looked confused. “What is happening?”
If Lillian had seen the blood in his eyes, she would have come up with a good reason why he looked at her the way he did. And if Sam hadn’t been with them and if he hadn’t reacted quickly, Lillian would have died.
Unexpectedly, the urge spiked. For a brief moment, Briksan wanted nothing more than to rip Lillian apart, limb from limb. That desire caused him to lunge for Lillian, a fiery, razor-sharp knife solidifying in his right hand.
The only reason why Sam was able to save Lillian was that he had started for her just as the urge spiked in Briksan.
Sam grabbed Lillian and pulled her away. Her head barely missed the swing of Briksan’s knife. Sam held her and kept backpedalling, putting distance between them. Lillian clung to Sam’s hand, wide-eyed. Her chest heaved from sudden shock.
Briksan let go of the knife. It shimmered out of existence. 
He crashed back on his sleeping pad and summoned all the strength of his will to suppress the urge. The spike fizzled, but the urge was still strong in him. He was in control, for now. 
Briksan exhaled. He looked at the wild fear in Lillian’s eyes and felt ashamed of himself. He had failed woefully. He was supposed to keep Lillian safe, yet he had tried to kill her. Now Lillian looked at him like he was a wild beast, like he was the horror they were to face in Arduin. Pain seared his scarred heart.
He closed his eyes for a brief moment then said to them, “It’s okay. I’m in control.”
“Are you certain?” Sam replied from across the small field. 
Briksan looked at him, cross. “There’s nothing certain, Sam. You know what I must do.”
“What?” Lillian said, her shock turning into anger. Her anger bled into her voice. She had gained her composure. “What must you do? Kill me?” Briksan noticed that she still clung to Sam. The two were locked in a semi embrace.
“Then we’ll wait. When it peaks, you’ll slay one of the horses.” Sam said, not waiting for him to reply Lillian.
Briksan thought about it for a moment. In Barluva, he had not spared any animal. Maybe killing animals could assuage the urge. He had certainly tried killing animals in place of humans before. It never worked. Maybe if he tried killing an animal near the urge’s peak… He had never tried that before. It was possible that at the urge’s peak, any death, as long as it was death, would bring it down. It was a desperate act, but these were desperate times.
“Even if it would work,” Briksan said, “it’s dangerous. I might not be able to hold myself near the peak.”
Sam replied. “We have no other choice.”
That was the sad truth.
Sam realized he still held the governor and gently let her go. Lillian straightened herself. She said to Sam, “What are you two talking about? Why did he try to kill me?”
Before Sam could reply, Briksan turned away and curled into a fetal position on the soft cotton pad. The urge tore at him from inside. His innards were in turmoil. He so wanted to kill. He felt like he would implode if he didn’t slay someone—anyone!
Briksan thought about Rachael. He instantly knew that he couldn’t be with her being the man that he was. As he lay curled up, his eyes watered and tears escaped his shut eyelids and dropped to the bed. He couldn’t bear thinking about what would surely happen if he and Rachael were together. The urge knew no compassion. It knew no kindness or love. When it took over, it was savage, merciless—it was pure evil. It would kill a suckling child just as soon as it would kill a beast and very much in the same way. He was cursed. He was evil.
Briksan heard Sam and Lillian approach with caution. They lay on their sleeping pads, their movements uneasy and controlled. Briksan could hear their racing heartbeats.
They were silent for a while before Sam began to explain to Lillian about the urge in hushed tones. Briksan had been cursed when he was twenty-five years of age, Sam explained. At that time, Briksan had risen through the ranks of the formidable southern army to the position of a battalion commander.
It happened during the period of a border skirmish between the four different governments of Lazul. Briksan’s battalion had repelled the north’s forces and had overrun and taken the city of Yakwon which was well within the north’s territory. It had been a great victory for the south, one that Briksan had received commendations for up through the chain of command right to the governor at the time, Shanitus Yakritus, Lillian’s father. On one of those nights of their occupation of Yakwon, a young man wondered into their camp and got into a fight with his men. Thinking that the young man was some sort of spy for the north sent to incite a fight within their camp, two of his men, the Baka brothers, killed the man. 
It wasn’t until Shanitus and a great host of soldiers came to their camp several days later that Briksan realized that the man they had killed was an heir of Shanitus. To protect his men, knowing that no punishment could bring back the dead, Briksan covered their involvement in the death of the governor’s son. He lied to the governor that his son had stumbled into their camp drunk and had tripped over a sword and slain himself. 
Shanitus had grieved but since there was nobody to blame, he left with the boy’s body. Briksan had thought it would be the last he would hear of the matter. He was wrong. Few days later, Arashani, the high priestess of Salcatrez, and Shanitus appeared at the door of his command headquarters. As it turned out, Arashani had informed the governor of their treachery. The Baka brothers were disgracefully discharged and cursed by Arashani. Shanitus pleaded for Briksan to be spared the curse, but Arashani wouldn’t have it. She cursed Briksan with the curse of the sword. Nevertheless, Shanitus allowed him to retain command of the battalion.
Few weeks later, when he realized what he had become, it became apparent that he would never be able to live a normal life again. His career as an army officer was over. He resigned his commission and exiled himself to the north. He became a hermit, a straggler, moving from one village to the next until he came to Barluva.
Briksan was a noble man. So the desire to kill that came with the curse consumed him and tortured his nights, as did the innocent lives he was forced to take. As for the Baka brothers, they saw the curse as a blessing. The urge became an ability to them. They soon forsook their oaths to serve and to protect and turned evil. They were responsible for hundreds of deaths across Lazul before they met Kaza and joined his band of merry murderers. Then, their killings grew less and were more targeted.
“Looking back, Arashani had miscalculated,” Sam said. “She had misjudged the Baka brothers’ reactions to the curse. But she couldn’t ‘un-curse’ them to blot away her mistake. The gods can see the earth but that’s about as far as they can see. They cannot see the hearts of men even if they were looking. Arashani couldn’t have known that though the Baka brothers were noble warriors on the outside, they were evil on the inside.”
Lillian asked questions when Sam finished. Sam answered her questions giving more details where necessary. 
Briksan decided he didn’t want to hear anymore of his sad past. He shut out their voices from his head and struggled with the urge. Then to his surprise and dismay, he fell asleep.


Around them was darkness. 
The witches stood around a circle enclosed by small white stones. They wore black drabs that were tattered at the base but these were not ordinary witches. They were old, they looked frail, yet their eyes bristled with an unusual energy. An energy that was outlandish and should have never been.
The witches stared at the enclosure as if watching a drama. They were indeed watching something, but it was not a drama. They watched two men and a woman. Where the earth should have been within the enclosure, there was a window into another place in the forest of Arduin. There was a small clearing, a large rock, and three humans sleeping around a smoldering fire. Tonight, their bloods would spill in sacrifice to the dark queen.
“They have gotten too far,” one of the witches said. The one with a crooked and pointed nose, and a black growth on her right cheek.
“They never stopped. That is why.” The witch that spoke next had scanty white hairs on her head. 
“They had to stop sometime. That time is now. The Latrogenes will rip them to shreds.” This came from the oldest of the witches. She looked frailer, yet stronger; an odd combination. 
The other witches smiled at her, their eyes conveying evil beyond comprehension. Never had it happened before that a man crossed the forest of Arduin. But Kaza had not only crossed, twice, but had also crossed with several others. Kaza had defiled them as well as the dark queen. They were angry and out for blood. Tonight, the dark queen-goddess, Basheba, would be appeased with the blood of these three.
“If the beasts do not succeed, then our child, Propiphous, will destroy them.”
“And if somehow they manage to defeat the Latrogenes and the giant, Propiphous?” One of other two witches asked their leader.
“Then, for the first time since the fall of the elder gods, we shall condescend and destroy them.”
“And the Sacred Laws?”
“The Sacred Laws be cursed.”
As if rehearsed, the three witches cocked their heads up and let loose a sinister laugh in shrill voices that echoed throughout the forest of Arduin. The Latrogenes were coming.
 
CHAPTER SIX

Briksan bolted out of sleep. The horrendous laughter still streamed across the forest and a million sirens blared in Briksan’s mind.
The ambush was sprung.
Human sized beasts poured into the small field from all directions. Their fury, black bodies had a solid build and their powerful hands sported knife-sharp claws. Their horridly twisted faces were slippery with an opalescent substance and supported fangs that dripped acid. They rushed blindly at them roaring in an indiscernible tongue and wearing an expression that Briksan was all too familiar with. These were wild beasts.
Briksan knew the dangers of falling asleep while the urge still flowed in his veins, undiluted. It meant that he would wake with an uncontrollable, sustained urge spike that would seal the fate of every living thing around him to death. That was if he hadn’t reached the tipping point. If he had, then it would be Barluva all over again.
But this time when he woke, he was glad he had slept with the urge still rampaging his body and mind.
The first beast to get to them swung its claws at Lillian’s exposed neck. Briksan sprang to his feet, pulling out a bow and arrow. The moment he let go, an arrow soared through the air, rippling towards the beast. It struck the beast in its chest. The dark creature hollered in rage, seemingly unaffected by the strike. But then, it crashed to the ground.
The screams of the beast woke Sam and Lillian. They jumped to their feet and armed themselves with their swords.
Together, they fought the beasts.
Briksan sent volleys of arrows at the onrushing creatures killing tens per volley. Sam and Lillian hacked and slashed with clean, murderous efficiency. Every other second, several beasts fell dead. Yet, they kept swarming their position from all angles.
In spite of their rabid nature and a plethora of mortally sharp edges, the beasts were easy to kill. They lacked strategy. They rushed blindly at them, which was one thing every sword carrier with half a brain knew not to do. Briksan doubted these creatures had a brain. Nevertheless, the thing they had going for them, their greatest advantage, was in their numbers.
Already, there were piles of putrid dead bodies strewn around the clearing. It was only a matter of time before they were overwhelmed.
“We have to get to the horses,” Briksan yelled above the onslaught. He notched three arrows and let it fly in that direction. The arrows tore through several beasts, cut them down, and cleared a path for them. Without waiting, Briksan ran down the path. Sam and Lillian followed closely.
The beasts closed in on them from both sides.
Briksan notched a trio of fiery arrows and released them. The arrows cut through the first and second line of beasts who were closing in from their left. The only reason Briksan could do that—shoot more than one arrow that could cut through flesh like red hot metal through butter—was because of the urge spike. It increased the powers of the urge several folds.
Fiery arrows leapt from the fiery bow once more and cut through the surge of beasts in their way. They left the clearing and ran through the forest, north, towards where Briksan had tied the horses. Jumping between trees made it difficult for the beasts to close in on them. Occasionally one made it to them but it got slashed by a sword or caught an arrow in its eye. 
Ahead, Briksan could hear the troubled neighs of their horses. As the horses came in sight, he saw why. One of their horses was dead on the ground with its abdomen torn open and its entrails splattered on the ground. Four beasts feasted on the downed animal. The beasts were bigger than the ones that came after them. They looked tougher, more rabid. They ripped and chewed flesh after flesh from the horse’s body. The other horses saw this and tried to bolt, but their reins held them tightly. Briksan had tied them well.
“Get on the horses and head north,” Briksan yelled as they ran in the direction of the horses. Still a long way out, Briksan notched an arrow and let it fly. The arrow struck the tree where the rope that reined in the horses surrounded the tree. Free, the horses galloped away. They would wait for Sam and Lillian down the way, Briksan knew this. Those horses were enchanted.
The four beasts turned and watched, surprised, as the horses fled. That was the last expression they would ever have on their faces.
Briksan leapt into the air and covered the long distance to the feast in less than four seconds. He landed in the midst of the surprised creatures with a long fiery sword dripping blood from its tip after slicing one beast in half. Before the others could respond, Briksan swung his sword in a perfect horizontal arc. Three heads rolled of the three bodies of the beasts.
Briksan looked behind him. The creatures surged towards him in uncountable numbers. Briksan turned and ran after Sam and Lillian. He found one of the two horses waiting for him in the darkness. That meant Lillian and Sam rode on one horse. The thought discomforted him. He hopped onto the horse and it galloped north uninstructed. Few minutes later, he could no longer hear the wild screams of the varmints.  
Briksan rode for a while before he caught up with Sam and Lillian who had slowed to a canter. Lillian held on to Sam as he rode the animal.
“What were those things?” Lillian asked him, still panting from the exertion.
“Latrogenes.”
“Latrogenes?” Sam said with a confused look.
“Yes,” Briksan said. “We are not out of trouble yet.” Briksan had never been one to believe that he could jinx his luck by speaking the wrong words. He became a believer the moment those words escaped his lips.
A hand slapped their horses, flinging them into the air. Briksan hit a tree and fell. A sharp pain spread through his body like lightning spreading through the night sky. Briksan pushed himself to his feet just in time to see a massive being walking through the forest. It was Propiphous the giant. Briksan’s heart sank.
The trees around, trees that were ten times Briksan’s size, were dwarves before Propiphous. Propiphous looked like a man, only fifty times huger.
Beside Briksan, Sam and Lillian were unconscious on the ground. The horses had taken the brunt of the impact; they were sprawled on the ground as well, but dead. Briksan realized that if Propiphous attacked him where he stood, Sam and Lillian might die. He had to get away from them, and take Propiphous’ attention along with him.
Briksan darted to the right. When he felt he was far enough, he yelled at the giant. “Propiphous!”
Propiphous grunted in surprise and turned his attention to Briksan. He then bent and roared at Briksan. Briksan thought it had started to rain before he realized that it was spittle from the giant’s mouth.
Propiphous raised his hand with amazing speed for his size, and brought it down on him. Even though Briksan was several times faster than the fastest humans, there was no way he could escape the area that would be smashed by Propiphous’s hands in time. Before the hand hit, he felt the turbulence that heralded its coming and perhaps his death, if his plan failed.
Briksan sprang into the air. He barely escaped the giant’s hand through the crevices formed between its fingers. Propiphous’s hand slammed the earth and caused it to tremor. Thankfully, the tremor jarred Sam and Lillian out of unconsciousness. As he rose through the air, Briksan put his hands together and a fiery arrow notched in a fiery bow appeared. He targeted the giant’s open eye that watched him climb the air with amazement. He released four arrows in quick succession.
The arrows zinged through the air. Propiphous, for all his agility, could not shut his eyelid or swat the arrows away in time when he noticed them. They struck him in the pupil of his left eye and delved two inches deep.
Propiphous roared and shook the forest. He staggered backwards, felling several trees and cried aloud in pain, trying to get the arrows out of his eyes. He only succeeded in driving them deeper with his stubby fingers. Green substance flowed from the tear in his eyes.
Briksan landed on Propiphous’s wrist. Sword replaced bow and arrow. Briksan thrust the flaming sword into the skin beneath him. This time, the blade went deep into Propiphous. Propiphous’s pain-roar intensified. Briksan’s anger rose. He thrust deeper and deeper, damaging the muscles in the hand. 
Briksan was so enraged, enjoying the screams of pain Propiphous emitted as he destroyed his hand, that he did not see Propiphous’s other hand until it was too late. The hand smacked him into the air. It was with such great force that Briksan spun senseless several time through the air before grazing into the ground, forming a small crater. Briksan’s head spun severely; his brain’s pain receptors were overloaded and threatened to send him into shock. Briksan fought the sensation.
The giant backpedalled, returning to trying to get the arrows out of his eyes. He worsened the situation by lodging the tiny projectiles deeper.
Sam and Lillian came to his side and helped him to his feet. They were afraid.
“What devilry is this?” Lillian whispered. Her words were submerged by the giant’s cry.
“We can kill it.”
“How?” Lillian asked him.
“Rip out its throat?” Sam suggested.
“Exactly,” Briksan said. “If I can get close enough, I might be able to slit its throat.” Though the urge was still strong in him, Briksan could not get to the giant’s throat fast enough before it reacted. With all that was happening with its eye, the giant would smack him out of the sky before he even neared its neck. And there was only so much beating his enhanced body could take before it broke.
“We can try and run,” Lillian said.
“That’s not a good idea,” Sam said.
“Why?” she asked.
“We’ll never make it,” Briksan said, “he is not only fast, but also tall. He’ll step on us before we get far.”
“So we stay and fight. One has to kill the other before anyone can leave,” said Lillian. It was more a statement than a question.
Briksan nodded. “We’ll need to take him by surprise.” Briksan curled his right hand into a fist and a fiery sword flashed into being. Lillian watched it happen with amazement.
“I’ll need you to distract it.”
Propiphous realized he hadn’t killed them yet. This was what Briksan thought, because the giant suddenly ceased howling, ceased trying to uproot the arrows, and turned to them, furious. He roared, picked up a fallen tree and hurled it at them.
Sam and Lillian scampered away. Briksan ran towards the hurtling tree. Even as he was running, the giant hefted two additional trees at him.
Briksan used the trees as steps through the air to Propiphous’s throat.
He leapt into the air and landed on the hurtling tree. Using it as a springboard, he leapt higher onto the second tree. Then to the third. From there he leapt for the giant’s throat.
At first, the throat rushed towards him or he towards it, and he thought he was through Propiphous’s defenses this time. He was wrong. Propiphous’s hand came out of nowhere, snatched him out of the air, and hurled him to the ground like one of those trees. If it hadn’t been for the urge, every single bone in Briksan’s body would have broken and he would have died, but that didn’t lessen his pain. Briksan accelerated fifty meters to the ground and bashed into it.
No bone broke but Briksan felt pain like he had never felt it before. Pain that ate at his consciousness, bit by bit. The world started to darken. Briksan struggled against the looming unconsciousness as he felt the giant approach. 
The pain that racked his body and the sequence that it would create was the only reason why Briksan was able to kill the giant. That, and the little distraction caused by Sam and Lillian.
Briksan’s pain turned to frustration; frustration at the giant’s apparent invincibility, and frustration at having tried killing the giant only to fail woefully. His frustration gave in to fear; fear that their journey ended here. Fear that Rachael as well as the children would eventually suffer a terrible fate. Fear that he would not be able to save them. Fear turned to anger. Anger caused the urge to explode in him. His body received strength he had never felt before. In his head, murderous rage submerged every other thought. The bloody tint in his eyes intensified. 
As Briksan stood to his feet, there was a red shimmer around him. What happened next surprised him as much as it surprised Propiphous. Briksan roared at the giant. The roar was so deep and loud that it caused a slight tremor in the earth. Briksan lurched towards him.
The giant looked at him with amazement and spoke for the first time. “Puny…human.” Though it was only two words, he drawled over each word. As Briksan approached Propiphous, he scanned for the largest tree closest to him. He identified one left of Propiphous and leapt for it. 
Briksan rose through the air with great speed. He rebounded against the top of the tree and flew towards the monster’s head. Two things guaranteed his success: one, he rushed towards Propiphous so fast he was almost invincible; two, Sam and Lillian struck a vital nerve in the creature’s heel with their swords. The giant was distracted for a brief moment. That was all Briksan needed.
Briksan’s sword pierced the left side of Propiphous’s throat. Using his accumulated momentum, he swung around the giant’s neck, slitting his throat until he was on Propiphous’s right shoulder. 
Propiphous’ body went limp and he remained standing for a few silent moments, then he crashed to the ground without as much as a sound. Briksan jumped onto his chest and thrust his sword into his heart, rupturing it. The giant’s body twitched a little, and then slackened with death.
Briksan sagged to his knees, exhausted. The urge waned and the red shimmer about him disappeared. Sam and Lillian appeared from behind the giant’s bare feet and stared at him, speechless. Even Sam had never seen him display that much power before. Things were definitely changing. Briksan thought he understood everything there was to understand about the urge, but he was wrong and it made him afraid. He was also wrong about another thing; it was not over yet.
All of a sudden, an ear-splitting shriek sizzled across the forest, followed by a dark, chilly gust of wind. Briksan felt queasy and his vision darkened. When it cleared, three old women, clothed in dark gowns stood side-by-side, a few feet behind Sam. Briksan immediately recognized the witches from his dream.
“They killed our child,” the witch with the scanty white hair shrieked, pointing an accusing finger at them.
Sam swung around, raised his sword, and lunged for the witch in the middle. He never got close enough. The witches pointed their fingers at him. Sam burst into flames. He screamed in pain until he was ash and smoke.
“No!” Lillian started for the witches. Before she could bring up her sword to attack, the witches pointed their crooked fingers at her. Lillian burned to the ground in the same way.
At first Briksan was too shocked to process what he saw or to realize that his friends had just been annihilated. In the blink of an eye, Sam and Lillian were gone, and in a fleeting second, he remembered Phillips remark. Only the slow died in Arduin. They had slowed. Gloom overtook his heart. He stood and ran towards the witches, knowing that he would never get close, wanting to die the way Sam and Lillian had just died.
As he got to the knees of the giant, he jumped towards the witches. He should never have done something so foolish. He had seen the power the witches possessed. Maybe it was because he was grief-stricken at the loss of his friends. Maybe it was because he knew he was going to die by the hands of the witches eventually. The witches weren’t keen on taking prisoners. They had come for blood, they had gotten blood. However, Briksan suffered for his lack of judgment.
As he arced towards them, they pointed their fingers at him. Nothing happened, to their surprise and his. Before he could get closer to do any damage, the witch in the middle pointed her finger at the sky. There was a clap of thunder. Lightning struck him mid-air.
Briksan fell to the ground like a dead weight. His body was charred beyond recognition. It smoked and smelt of burnt flesh. The urge was gone. The pain was excruciating. Briksan slowly lost consciousness.
The witch that had called down lightning walked over to him. She towered over him. “Arashani may have protected you from our powers, but she cannot protect you from the elements. You will die a slow and painful death. Your quest will also die along with you.” The witch spoke these words without any hint of exhilaration or happiness. Her expression was bland, almost pitiful. The witch turned and the trio melted into a wisp of smoke that vanished.
There was silence once more in the forest of Arduin.
Briksan knew he was dying. His heart slowly gave way. His muscles, as many as were not charred by the lightning strike, were slackening. His last thoughts were of Rachael. He had failed to save her. He had failed to save the children. He had failed to save Sam and Lillian. He deserved to die. In his final moments, Briksan was relieved that his whole existence was at an end. The tyranny of the vigilante—the curse of the sword—would end as well.
Briksan wallowed in agony for a while before his fragile heart gave up.
 
CHAPTER SEVEN

A lot of the priests back in Lazul say that death is instant. They say that the line between life and death is so thin that it is almost inexistent. They say that when people die they would not experience a transition. In other words, dead people would not be able to distinguish being dead from being alive.
Death was not a process. It was like a gate into a town or a border between two nations. Just like passing a gate or crossing a border, so was death. Nothing changed with you, nothing changed with the air, but suddenly, you were on the other side. This was what death really entailed. Or at least this was what Briksan believed. This was the reason why when he woke up, he thought he was dead. And the presence of Arashani did nothing but to drive in his thoughts like a carpenter driving home a nail with a hammer.
The goddess had woken him when she had called out his name.
Briksan opened his eyes to a noon sun. The sun was bright at its peak, gathering to head west and give way for night. The forest was gone. Briksan was propped up against a slow, downward sloping terrain that ended in a tumultuous river. 
Briksan felt nasty; his head throbbed earthquakes. He felt like he had woken from a drunken stupor. Death would have been better, he thought. Sitting gracefully in the air before him, Arashani was as beautiful as ever. Her white gown glowed resplendently.
“I am dead, aren’t I?”
Arashani smiled. The whole world lit up despite the sun. “No,” her sweet voice pervaded his senses with pleasantness, “I saved your life.”
Briksan scoffed at the goddess, which was probably not the smartest thing to do. But the thought of Arashani saving his life after ruining it was revolting. “You destroyed my life. You cursed me!” His voice carried a little of his anger. The rest was kept in check by his instinct of self-preservation. 
Arashani smiled again, but this time there was something in her eyes. The same thing in a mother’s gaze to her born child that conveyed love and warmth beyond words. “Even then,” Arashani said, “I saved you.”
That was it. He wouldn’t sit there listening to all that drivel. He knew the goddess was nothing more than a—
“Alas Briksan, it would be unwise to insult me in my presence.” Her smile faded, but her eyes were still warm with love.
Briksan swallowed back the curse and said, “What do you mean you saved me? You ruined me. You turned me into a cruel monster. You made me evil.”
Arashani rolled her eyes. “By sundown today, your friends will be dead. You are running out of time to save them Briksan, and all you want to do is talk about the curse of the sword?”
Briksan’s teeth muscles contracted. “Sam and Lillian are dead. I watched them burn to ash and smoke,” he muttered.
“A crude but simple, and definitely painful, means of transportation. They will remember that experience for as long as they live, otherwise they are alive. Although, not for long.”
Briksan’s heart jumped. Sam and Lillian were alive! He sat up. That was when he saw beyond the river. There, was a forest. But this forest was different. It was dead. The tree trunks were burnt and the black branches had no leaves on them. The earth there was black with ashes. The trees were far between each other by at least five to six yards. Despite the blazing sun, the forest gave out an eerie call of darkness.
“Is that…” Briksan started saying.
“Yes, Briksan. That is the barren lands and the river is Lephretes. Behind you is Arduin.” 
Briksan turned to look behind him. The forest of Arduin was several meters behind at the top of the slope. Briksan looked at the ground where he sat and noticed, for the first time, that he wasn’t sitting on bare ground. The ground was peppered with dead leaflets: thin, yellow, and crisp. So it was along the slope for as far as he could see. It contrasted the green of Arduin.
Briksan thought he understood the contrast. He thought there was a symbol in it all, put by the gods so that any smart person would turn back at this point. If the green of Arduin symbolized life (it didn’t really, because he had almost died), then the faded yellow surrounding Lephretes symbolized half way between life and death, and the black of the barren lands symbolized death. He understood it in terms of the severity of his journey and the difficulties he would face at each stage. The experience he had gone through in Arduin was not to be compared with what he would experience crossing River Lephretes. And all of that paled in comparison with what awaited him in the barren lands. And Arduin wasn’t over. He had to save Sam and Lillian.
“Now,” Arashani said, calling back his attention, “I want to help you save your friends. What lies beyond the river is more than what one man can take, even though he is helped by the gods.”
Briksan frowned. “If you want to help me, why don’t you just go in yourself and save them?”
“Arduin is Basheba’s—the dark queen goddess’s—territory. She and I are at cut throats. My powers are useless there.”
“Then how did you save me? I remember dying in Arduin.”
“I summoned the winds to bring you out. You were already at the edge of the forest before Propiphous attacked. You literarily floated out of Arduin.”
Briksan recalled the witch striking him down with lightning. She had tried to transport him, but it would not work because of Arashani’s supposed protection. But godly protection didn’t include protection against the elements. That didn’t make him friends with the elements. Briksan knew this from experience.
“How do I rescue them? You can’t go into Arduin. I can’t fight the witches—this time, they’ll tear me to pieces and make sure I’m dead for good.”
In response, Arashani stretched her left hand towards him as if giving him something. A white arrow appeared in her palm.
Briksan took the arrow and almost dropped it. Though it looked as white as snow, it burned as hot as red-hot coal. The moment he held it, it vanished.
“You cannot fight the Tabiva sisters, they are divine creatures. But you can slow them down long enough to get your friends out of Arduin. They won’t chase you beyond the forest. Shoot the mistress witch. For the arrow to work, you must shoot her when she’s using her magic. I see you’ve become accustomed to using the bow. The first arrow to come to your bow will be the ice-hot arrow, so you cannot use the bow against the Latrogenes—”
“What Latrogenes?”
“There is a camp of Latrogenes along the way to the witch’s shrine. You cannot go around it. You can only go through it. Stealth will be your enemy in the camp, and you can’t stop to fight. Only the slow die in Arduin.”
Arashani started to rise out of her air seat. 
“Wait. I cannot make it through the Latrogenes camp without the urge. I cannot shoot the arrow without the urge. I cannot wait for night either. I need the urge, now.” Briksan never thought he would hear himself say those words. But this was not for him; this was for Sam and Lillian.
Arashani smiled knowingly. She stood, approached him, and touched his forehead. Her fingers were soft, but the effect of her touch was bloodcurdling. Murderous rage not only flooded his mind, but also flooded his body, strengthening every fiber of his being with supernatural energy and jerking him to his feet. The world around him was red like blood. Strangely, he felt the power of the urge, but the urge itself, the desire to slay, to kill, fizzled away. He had never thought it possible. He had always thought the two was one and the same thing. He had been wrong all these years.
Arashani began to fade. Her voice came forth as a distant echo. “You’re hard pressed for time, Bri. The witch’s coven is deep inside Arduin. It would be unwise to cross Lephretes at night or to be around it at that time. And when you cross the river, know that two cannot cross at the same time. Do not touch the waters, only step lightly on the stones.”
“Wait,” Briksan said for the second time that afternoon. “What direction do I go in?”
“Southeast.” The reply was faint. “Do not deviate from the path and you will not lose your way.” 
Arashani was gone.
Briksan got his bearing and turned south east. He pulled on his hood. The Latrogenes, the Tabiva witches, anything that stood in his way, would today experience the wrath of the vigilante.
Briksan took off into the forest of Arduin. His invigorated legs carried him ten times faster than what was normal for the urge. 
As he sped through the forest, Briksan thought about what Arashani said about crossing Lephretes and the several meanings he could derive from it. Whatever she really meant, Briksan had to cross the river with Sam and Lillian before nightfall. It would be unwise to cross River Lephretes at night. He didn’t want to find out what she meant.
Though it was unwise because of the breakneck speed he was travelling at, Briksan snatched a glance at the sky above the forest. The sun was setting in the west. He realized he might not be able to make it back to the river in time to cross before nightfall. He quickened his pace, leaving a trail of dust behind him.


When Briksan sighted the Latrogenes, he knew he was close to their camp. The first beast saw him coming. It had a long bow in his hands and a satchel packed full of arrows strapped to its back, but never got to use them. As the beast brought up the bow, knife-sharp darts left Briksan’s hands at lightning speed and struck the creature’s left chest, ripping chunks of tissue out. It crumpled to the ground, dead. The second Latrogene never saw him coming. It suffered the same fate. Several other Latrogenes fell dead in a similar manner. He was through their outer perimeter guards.
Briksan saw the camp next. It was a vast outlay of thatched huts dotting the forest landscape. It was complete with Latrogenes, smoking pots, and smoldering sticks. It was like a village. One that Briksan wouldn’t dare traverse. 
When he got to the edge of the camp, he leapt ten meters to the tree top and continued south east, tree-top to tree-top.
At first, Briksan thought he had succeeded in crossing the camp unnoticed. But then, the sirens went off in his mind. A zipping arrow emerged from beneath the treetop and almost gutted his throat. 
The Latrogenes had somehow managed to detect him. It couldn’t have been by sight. His passage was blocked by the mass of leaved branches beneath him. It couldn’t have been by sound. He made no sound. It had to have been by smell. They were tracking him by his scent. The Latrogenes must have an incredible sense of smell, Briksan thought sourly. 
A hail of arrows rained upwards from the ground. Briksan managed to dodge most of them, but one struck him in his heels. He missed a step and fell ten meters to the ground. He managed to break his fall and landed with a roll to his knees. He pulled the arrow that stuck out from his heels and watched the gaping wound seal by the power of the urge.
The Latrogenes came after him from behind in their usual number and in their usual state; the number of a swarm and the state of rage and rabidity. They were nothing like him. His wildness and rage could be controlled or at least channeled. Theirs was uncontrollable. They were animals and animals were only good for hunting. But he would not hunt today. Only the slow died in Arduin. He had learned that lesson once; he would not learn it again.
Jumping across treetops had slowed him. But now that he was on the ground, the Latrogenes would never catch up to him. Briksan sprang to his feet and dashed forward, maintaining his south east bearing. He barely escaped the hail of arrows unleashed by the Latrogene archers. 
As he sped on, the roars of the Latrogenes faded in the background and he was once more greeted by the silence of Arduin. 
 
CHAPTER EIGHT

Briksan got to the witch’s lair.
He would have burst into the clearing and damned his mission if he had not been forewarned by his early warning system. He slowed to a jog as he closed in on the large clearing. The vegetation that surrounded the clearing was unusually thick and short. The witches never noticed his approach.
Briksan climbed a tree to get a better look at the clearing as well as to get a line of sight for his shot. He only had one arrow so he only had one shot. The branches were sturdy enough to hold his weight, but the tree’s height did not give him an aerial view.
Briksan immediately recognized the shrine from his dream, the small white stones encircling a portion of the ground. The three witches surrounded it, chanting in an unknown tongue. When Briksan noticed the red on the stone, he feared he had come too late. But then he saw Sam and Lillian hanging down from a tree on the other side of the clearing. They were tied firmly at the hands and feet. Sam was unconscious while Lillian struggled in vain to free herself of her bands. They were alive at least.
There was an old house at the corner. Beside it was a flock of lambs. It seemed to be the source of the blood the witches had spilled on their white stones. His suspicion was confirmed when he saw the bloody altar; a five feet stone slab carrying a stained knife and a dead lamb. It wasn’t within the clearing. The witches had built their altar several meters into the woods.
Briksan’s focus centered on the witches. They stood in a semi-circle, chanting and summoning magic. They were no doubt preparing for a human sacrifice. He would get no better chance to strike than now.
Determining which of the three witches was the mistress-witch was the easy part. She was the frailest and oldest, the one that had struck him with lightning. Hitting her with the arrow was the hard part. She was on the other side of the circle. Her sisters obstructed her from him. And he couldn’t change positions. A rhythm of magic had developed around the area from their chanting. If he moved, he would disrupt the rhythm, and the witches would be alerted to his presence.
Briksan straightened himself and stretched both hands as if pulling a bow string. The fiery bow with the ice-hot arrow already notched in it appeared in his hands. The arrow wasn’t as hot now because of the urge. 
Briksan lined the arrow with the mistress-witch’s forehead, or where it should have been had it not been blocked by the head of the other witch. Briksan said a short prayer to Arashani asking her for help. There was a change in the wind. Briksan thought the goddess had answered his prayer, so he shifted the alignment of his arrow a little to the left and shot it into the wind. It was probably stupid to trust a goddess, but this time it worked. The arrow roared with the wind, curved around the witch that blocked its path, and struck the mistress-witch in the face.
The witches let loose a heart rendering scream and combusted. While they burned, Briksan leapt across the clearing to Sam and Lillian. Before he landed, he arrowed the rope that held them bound to the tree. He landed in time to break their fall.
“Can you run?” Briksan asked Lillian as he cut her bindings with a small fiery knife. “The witches will only be gone for a few moments.”  
“Yes,” Lillian replied half-heartedly. She looked at Sam’s lifeless body with concern. “Look, Sam is dying. We need to help him.”
The moment she was free, she dashed into the witches’ house and returned with their bags. 
While she rummaged her bag beside Sam, Briksan cut Sam loose.
“What happened to him?”
“It was the witch’s blast. It hit him hard.” Lillian pulled out a small pouch, untied it, and dropped some of its content down Sam’s throat.
“If it was the witch’s blast, then no potion can heal him.”
“The blast caused a concussion,” Lillian replied distractedly as she cradled Sam’s head. “The problem is metabolic.”
“We have to leave now,” said Briksan with a twinge of fear in his voice.
Satisfied, Lillian stuffed the potion back into her bag. Briksan hefted Sam on his shoulders while Lillian carried their bags. They started across the clearing.
They didn’t get far.
An air-tearing shriek crossed the forest. Then, the three witches appeared at the edge of the clearing, blocking their path. 
They had wasted too much time.
Briksan couldn’t tell if their fury was the cause of their smoking bodies or if their smoking bodies was a residual effect of the ice-hot arrow. Either way, Briksan panicked. 
Together, the witches pointed their fingers at them.
Without thinking, Briksan grabbed Lillian and leapt into the air with all his might. As they soared higher, the skies rushing to meet them, Briksan looked down and noticed that where they had been only a second ago erupted with fire. They got to the height of their ascent and started descending. Their forward momentum was gone. But strangely, a strong draft of wind drove them further, northeast, and softened their landing. Once they landed, Sam regained consciousness. Briksan set him down and Lillian hugged him tightly. 
Then, all hell broke loose. 
The roars of the Latrogenes punctuated the bloodcurdling shrieks of the witches. All of Arduin were coming for them. 
A host of Latrogenes came at them from behind. These beasts were bigger and uglier. They ran faster and hefted large blades. Briksan instantly knew they would never make it. 
“Run,” Briksan yelled as he turned and faced the Latrogenes. He unleashed a hail of arrows upon them. “Keep northeast until you reach the river. Go! Run!”
Sam and Lillian took off and left him to face the beasts.
Briksan let go of his bow and arrow, and replaced it with a long, flaming sword. He sensed the murderous rage rise from the pit of his being. He looked up. The sun had set, nightfall was few minutes away, and the Latrogenes were upon him. 
Briksan swung his sword at the beasts. He cut several at once. Some blocked. Others were not as fast. Bodies fell to the ground. Where one fell, ten others took its place. The Latrogenes were innumerable and they hefted weapons. That made them a little difficult to kill. Nonetheless, they were no different from the other Latrogenes he had fought. They were gullible and wild. They were driven by rage—driven to the edge of his sword. Briksan kept cutting and dodging, swinging around with the grace of the wind at his beck and call. 
At one point in all the carnage, it became a flurry of his fire-sword, Latrogenes, and the wind. For Briksan, he was more like a spectator watching from a subconscious level as the Latrogenes fell upon him in large numbers and were cut down the same way.
With each dead Latrogene hitting the ground, the urge as well as the murderous rage waxed stronger in his being until it exuded out of his body as a red shimmer. Then the wind clung to his every movement like a cloak, forming a sort of red hurricane around him. Briksan whipped around the rushing Latrogenes. Every Latrogene that neared him was shredded by the red whirl. Those that didn’t were cut down by his sword.
The carnage continued till the last beast.
When Briksan knifed the last beast, he stopped to see what his hands had wrought. The hurricane ceased. The urge dissipated along with the red shimmer. Strewn everywhere, where hundreds of dead Latrogenes. Some were cut in halves while others were cut beyond recognition. Some hung from trees while others burned on the ground. It was a horrifying sight. The air reeked of blood and burnt flesh.
Briksan fell to the bloody ground, drained. He silently hoped that somewhere in Arduin, the Latrogenes still existed. No matter how cruel and untamed they were, Briksan did not want to be responsible for their extermination. 
Though the sun had set, Briksan could not yet see the moon in the sky. If they didn’t cross the river before the moon rose in the west, Briksan knew it would be over. He arose and sprinted after Sam and Lillian. He summoned all the power of the curse to his legs. Before long he caught up with them. They had slowed to a jog from exhaustion, but when they saw him, they raced alongside him.
“What happened to the Latrogenes?” Lillian asked through short breaths.
“I killed them all.”
“All of them?” This came from a surprised Sam.
Briksan shrugged. “They just stopped coming.”
“You exterminated an entire species?” Lillian asked again, this time with a look of disgust.
Briksan’s face hardened. “I do not know. I hope not.”
Lillian was not impressed by his response. 
Briksan wondered what she had expected. The Latrogenes would have slaughtered him had he stayed his sword. Perhaps, he knew that if given the chance, they would readily slaughter the whole human race than consider the implications of exterminating ‘an entire species.’ They were amoral, unreasonable, and wild. 
However, what Briksan thought strange was why she had expected him to do otherwise. It wasn’t consistent with the nature of the vigilante. He was a merciless being when the urge came alive in him. He and the Latrogenes had a lot in common. She had to remember that. Or he would remind her.
When Briksan noticed that they were nearing the end of the forest, he announced it. Before anyone could respond, they heard the fearful screams of the Tabiva sisters. 
Fear flooded their hearts.
As they neared the last lines of trees that marked the end of Arduin, the slopping bank of River Lephretes came into view. They almost made it.
The three witches appeared in their path, already spinning a huge ball of fire.  Their eyes were a frightening wisp of fire in a black background.
Briksan immediately assessed the situation. They couldn’t turn left or right. The witches would destroy them. They couldn’t run back, that was worse. The witches owned the forest of Arduin. It wouldn’t take them long to locate them and destroy them. They couldn’t escape this one. They were doomed. The agony of defeat washed over Briksan as they ran towards their deaths.
“Up!” Lillian yelled, closing in on him from his right.
“What?”
“Up! We go up!” Lillian and Sam were already running shoulder-to-shoulder, alongside him. 
Briksan looked up and realized he had been foolish. He grabbed the two of them with a strong grip and left the ground with a strong push. The ball of fire scrapped past their feet barely missing them. Once they soared above the trees, they were free. They coasted and began descending towards the leafy bank of River Lephretes. Briksan couldn’t break their fall properly. They landed hard, grazing the dry, crisp leaflets. They sustained bruises. But they were alive and free.
Briksan suspected that it would not be the case for too long.
When he recovered from the fall, he stood and looked at the sky. Night had fallen. The moon was already rising in the west, covering the earth in a faint bluish white cast. The urge to kill poured into his body, burning through his blood vessels. Whatever power he had felt fighting the Latrogenes was nothing compared to the power he felt now. However, this didn’t bother Briksan much. What bothered him was that night had fallen and they had not crossed Lephretes yet. 
They couldn’t return to Arduin, the Tabiva witches would smite them. They couldn’t jump the river. It was too wide across. Arashani told him to step lightly on the stones. If he could have just hopped across, she would have suggested so. They couldn’t wait it out either. It was just as bad as crossing the river. Something was about to happen, Briksan knew.
He sighed. They were ruined anyway he looked at it. They might as well try crossing the river.
Briksan said a short prayer to Arashani. He first thanked her for her help in Arduin then asked her for help in crossing Lephretes. He walked to where Sam and Lillian were reclining on the ground waiting for him. He told them everything. He started from when he awoke to Arashani’s voice right there on the bank of Lephretes and ended when he had freed them from the witches. He told them everything that Arashani had told him about crossing the river. He expressly made them see the quagmire they were in. They couldn’t cross the river at night. They couldn’t remain on the bank till day either. They couldn’t return to Arduin.
When he finished, there was silence.
Then Lillian jumped to her feet. “What are we waiting for? We are doomed anyhow, and the more time we waste the more problematic our situation becomes. I say we take our chances and cross the river.”
Briksan glanced at Sam. He waited for Sam’s take on the situation.
Sam stood up. “I agree with Lillian. Let’s cross now.”
Briksan studied him for moment. Then he said, “Very well. We cross.”
 
CHAPTER NINE

They packed their bags and headed for the tumultuous river.
Arashani had said step lightly on the stones. When they got to the river, they saw no stone. They searched from one end of the river to another, moving as far away from where they had landed that they could allow, but they found no stone or bridge or any sign that indicated the river could be crossed. When they converged, Lillian was seething with anger. 
“Nothing! Just as I thought. Gods cannot be trusted.” Lillian hissed and folded her arms.
“What do we do?” Sam asked, worried but unusually calm. “We can’t swim across. We know it’ll stir the winds of Nanthos. But since we didn’t see any stone, maybe everything Arashani said was a ruse. Maybe there wasn’t any danger to staying the night.”
Briksan wasn’t sure. It could very well be a ruse. But why would Arashani go through all the trouble? Arashani had helped him save their lives. If that part of what she had told him turned out to be true, then why would she mislead them thereon? What did she stand to gain from it? Then again, what did Arashani stand to gain from helping them?
Briksan knew that the gods didn’t just do anything. Every word they spoke, every action they took, was beneficial to them in some way. If you didn’t see it at the surface, then look deeper; it was there. If Arashani had helped them this far, what use were they to her dead?
Whatever the case, Briksan knew that they weren’t supposed to be milling around River Lephretes at this time. They were in a fix that could get—would get—catastrophic at any moment.
Briksan looked away from Sam’s questioning gaze and stared at the roaring river. The reflection of the bright moon was visible on the rolling surface. Arashani’s exact words rolled in his mind: you’re hard pressed for time, Bri. It would be unwise to cross Lephretes at night or to be around it at that time. 
It was not a ruse, Briksan decided. Arashani was truly helping them. For what reason, he could not tell at the moment. He had a feeling he would once again meet Arashani before their mission was accomplished. When he met the goddess, he would find out why. Of course that was if they made it past Lephretes. Now, they had to figure out about the stepping stones. If Arashani said to step on stones, then somewhere on the river, there were stones they could step on.
“It is not a ruse,” Briksan said to them. “I have a feeling we missed something important.”
Briksan walked away from them and headed down river. He had to figure out a way to cross the river. Briksan stopped, faced the river, and noticed a red tint in its bluish color. He wondered if it meant their time was running out or it had run out. 
Briksan thought hard at Arashani’s instruction. She told him to step lightly on the stones…step lightly on the stones. What stones? There were no stones in the river or on its surface. Briksan looked across the river. It would take five minutes or so to walk across it.
Briksan looked back at where he had come from. Sam and Lillian were like tiny lines in the distance. Briksan didn’t realize he had strayed so far away from them.
When he turned back to the churning river, a thought struck his mind. Briksan stepped closer to the river. He got as close as he could without actually touching it, or getting touched by its ripples. He then gingerly placed his foot above the water. To his amazement, a smooth, black stone the diameter of his foot materialized in the river under his hovering leg. He placed his leg on the rock. It was solid, not even bobbing a little. Relief flooded his mind. He now knew how to cross the river. He hoped they weren’t too late. As he would soon find out, they were in fact already too late.
Briksan was about to call Sam and Lilian’s attention to his discovery, but then realized that they were still afar off. When he started back in their direction, a million sirens went off in his mind. Briksan had never been able to tell what or where the problem was when his sirens went off. But this time, he knew what the threat was as well as where it was. He knew that Lillian was about to be ripped apart by something in the river.
Briksan broke into a run. 
He yelled at her to step away from the river, jerking his hands and signaling the same, but the river drowned his voice. She had her back turned towards him, so she didn’t see his hand signals. Sam saw him, but couldn’t discern what he was doing. Sam smiled at him probably thinking Briksan had just discovered a way for them to cross the river and was excited about it. 
Lillian’s time was up. 
As he had predicted, something launched itself at her from out of the river. Briksan could never have predicted what it was. It made the blood rushing out his heart chill. It was a reptilian monster, four times the size of a crocodile. It had a man-like upper body and a horrendous trap-like face full of claw-like teeth. 
The monster leapt out of the water with stunning agility and Briksan instantly knew Lillian was dead. She was too shocked to move.
Briksan left the ground with as much strength as the urge would allow. He willed the wind around him for an extra boost. Surprisingly, the wind bent to his will and pushed him towards the reptile at arrow speed. Briksan got to the creature in time and ripped it apart, mid-air, with two long knives, spilling gore and entrails all over Lephretes. Briksan landed ahead of them, rushed back, and pulled Lillian away from the river. Her reaction to his touch was unexpected. She hugged him tightly, her body trembling against his. Sam rushed to them and pulled Lillian away from him. She hugged him as well. 
Briksan told them what he had discovered about the stones. “We need to leave now.” Briksan spoke with a hurried tone. “Whatever Arashani referred to has begun and I have a feeling it’s about to get worse.”
Lillian broke the embrace, comported herself, and straightened her black dress.
“Sam, you’ll go first. Test the waters. Then Lillian, you’ll follow. I’ll come last. Now Sam, we are out of time.”
Sam hefted his bag and swung it around his shoulders. He drew his sword and fingered it with a little uncertainty. Briksan could tell he was nervous. Sam carried Lillian’s bag with his other hand and ran for the river. As he neared the river, it spat out a black creature. Without slowing, Sam bent away from the massy projectile and launched onto the river. He landed on the surface of the river and sped towards the barren lands as stones materialized to meet his feet. 
Water steamed off of the body of the black creature for about ten, twelve seconds. After that, the creature rose, five feet tall with its terrifying features visible under the cold, compassionless stare of the moon. There wasn’t a portion of the creature’s rugged body that wasn’t cluttered with spikes. The four edges of its rhombic head were so sharp that it could divide the air into its separate constituents. Its four fingers were not fingers at all. They weren’t claws either. They were at least five inches long, razor-sharp spikes that looked like they could cut down a tree with one swing. The creature had a squat-like stance. Its eyes were full of hatred and the fires of Hell. Briksan mentally named it Hellospike, for its spike-covered body and the Hell in its eyes.
The creature set one of its four-toed legs forward as if marking the ground as its territory and roared at the moon, revealing fearful fangs and causing the river to churn more severely.
Briksan dashed towards the Hellospike and swung his flaming sword down for the kill. The creature moved aside with great speed, throwing Briksan off balance and onto the swinging fist of the black creature. The assault threw him all the way across the bank towards the forest of Arduin. Briksan struck a huge tree and rebounded against it immediately. It was the rebound that saved him from the witch. As he struck the tree, he was in the forest of Arduin. The witch tried to grab him and pull him deeper and kill him. But Briksan rebounded so fast, the witch missed him. The witch grabbed the tree instead; it burst into a brilliant white flame at her touch.
Briksan was less than a meter from the black drabbed figure, but she could not touch him. The witch gave him a sour look, snorted and misted away. Her message was clear: cross into the forest, cross out of the land of the living.
Briksan stood, turned, and faced his adversary. The Hellospike was already advancing on Lillian. She had drawn her sword and was standing her ground. Briksan stole a glance at Sam. He was zigzagging his way towards the other side. He dodged the reptilian creatures flying at him from the river and cut several, precisely and quickly. When he wanted to, Sam was a fierce and ruthless swordsman.
Two leaps placed Briksan between Lillian and the monster. Briksan was angry and his anger fed the urge in him. Briksan attacked the Hellospike, this time with caution. He slashed twice, left and right. The creature blocked the attack with both hands. The sword deflected against the spikes on the creature’s hands. When the creature attacked next, Briksan saw his opportunity. The creature threw its spiked right fist forward. Briksan sidestepped and wedged his fiery sword among the spikes and pulled the creature forward, off balance. In a flash, the sword disappeared and reappeared in his hand. In that moment, he had spun and lowered his hand. He slashed the creatures exposed lower abdomen. Without wasting a moment, Briksan twisted his sword directing its tip inward and thrust out the creature’s heart behind his back. The creature hooted into the night and crumpled into a pile of ash.
Before Briksan was allowed any respite, the river spat out several hundreds of Hellospike onto the leafy bank. At that same moment, Sam crossed into the barren lands.
Briksan’s heart raced. He had less than twelve seconds before he had to fight the Hellospikes. He knew he couldn’t take them all at once. He knew he couldn’t run either. Things looked grim for him.
He said to Lillian, “Go across.”
Lillian also understood that whoever was on their side of Lephretes when the Hellospikes attacked would never make it across the river. “What about you?” she asked with genuine concern.
“Two can’t cross the river at once,” Briksan replied. “I’m a better fighter. Now, go!”
Lillian stood there gazing at him, conflicted. For a moment, Briksan feared that she would refuse to go and choose rather to fight at his side. He didn’t want that. It wasn’t smart, and it wouldn’t achieve any purpose other than get both of them killed. It didn’t matter if they were two or ten, the results would be the same.
The hissing of the steaming ceased and the Hellospikes began to stir. Any moment now, Briksan thought.
Lillian turned and ran for the river. Immediately, Briksan notched and fired four arrows in quick succession. Four rising Hellospikes crumpled to ash, clearing a path to the river for Lillian. When she got to the river, a reptilian creature tore at her clothes, narrowly missing her legs. This time, Lillian was ready. She sliced the creature with her sword and launched across the river. Stones appeared to meet her feet. She made her way to the barren lands, dodging and slashing all the way.
With the fury of a bee’s wings, Briksan notched and shot arrows, turning several Hellospikes to black dust until the first one got to him. Then, he engaged them with his flaming sword. The Hellospikes were very agile creatures. Hence, the only way they could be combated effectively was at very close range to hamper their flexibility. The problem was that at close quarters, Briksan had to be careful of their spikes, which was difficult seeing that it was all over their bodies.
At first, it worked. 
Briksan maintained a close range, switching between sword and dagger, slashing and stabbing as quickly as he could get in and get out of their attack arc. Hellospikes fell to ash in great numbers, but their numbers grew for when one fell, four others took its place. The creatures beat him backwards, towards the forest. Stab wounds appeared around his body peppered with ash from the culprits. The bank of the river was already covered in black ash. Briksan’s muscles weakened despite the urge. Still, more creatures came at him.
 
CHAPTER TEN

As Briksan backpedalled, less than a meter from certain death, he concluded this was the end. But before the morbid thoughts began crossing his mind as they usually did when he was close to death, Lillian’s scream pierced through the night air. It jolted him out of his stupor. 
Briksan’s eyes crossed the mass of Hellospike before him in less than a second. Clearly visible under the bright wash of the moon was a splash several meters past the middle of the river. Lillian had fallen into the river. Briksan’s heart drummed in his throat. Shallow breaths passed through his nostrils. He didn’t think twice. He didn’t consider the rashness of his decision. All he felt was the power of the urge coursing through his blood. In a moment, every trace of weakness vanished. Every wound sealed up. The world became redder.
Without warning, Briksan launched into the air, crossed the sea of Hellospikes who watched as he arced overhead, and landed at the edge of the river. The ash of several Hellospikes flew in every direction. Briksan fixed his eyes where Lillian had fallen into the river and leaped again. Before he touched the river, he yelled at Sam not to enter the water.
Once Briksan broke through the surface of the river, shards of shock ripped through his consciousness. The water was so bone-clattering cold that Briksan slowly lost consciousness, and lifelessly he fell deeper into Lephretes. The reptilian monsters swarmed him, biting off his skin, piece by piece. Pain ripped through his fading consciousness with each bite. Somewhere at the corner of his mind, it was settled. He was never getting out of Lephretes alive. He knew that this time when he lost consciousness, he would not return. Though the urge waned, it was still enough to enable him breathe under water. The urge couldn’t help him. This was the end. 
For a brief moment, through the flurry of the reptilians that feasted on him, Briksan caught sight of Lillian’s limp body in the distance. Huge tentacles clamped tightly around her body and pulled her deeper down the river. It was this surreal vision that changed everything.
The urge sparked within him, and spiked through greater levels in seconds. His body was so surcharged with the power of the urge he felt he would explode. Few seconds later he exploded. The urge exploded through his body, causing a visible shockwave that rippled through the river. Everything within the blast radius including the tentacles was decimated instantaneously. 
Briksan was fully alert, bristling with power.
He shot towards Lillian’s body. 
The tentacles that once held her slowly descended the great darkness hundreds of meters below them, where it was attached to its host. The reptilians beyond the blast radius rushed towards them like a closing swarm of darkness. In the dark void below, there were flutters, screams, stirring the likes of tornadoes. 
Nanthos was rising.
Briksan grabbed Lillian and shot towards the surface of the river where the moon was a blurry patch of white. He broke through the water, flew several feet into the air, and touched down on the barren lands. Briksan laid Lillian on the black ground. Her face was pale, her breathing was shallow, and her heartbeat was faint.
Sam ran towards them.
Briksan took Lillian’s bag from him.
“My gods, is she alive?” Sam’s voice was tremulous.
“Barely,” Briksan responded without turning, feverishly rummaging through Lillian’s bag. He found what he was looking for. He opened the pouch and poured much of Daudeus potion into Lillian’s mouth. The result was almost instant. She jerked and sputtered water out her mouth several times. The sputtering continued for over a minute. The color began to return to her face. Her breathing and heartbeat improved. 
At that instance, the sound of great winds emanated from the river. The sound carried with it flutters and screams—avian-like screams. It was the winds of Nanthos.
“Grab the bags,” Briksan commanded. He hefted Lillian onto his shoulder and ran into the black forest. Sam followed at his sides, carrying their bags. All around them were burned, leafless, black trees whose branches looked like thorns. The ground was black from the ash remains of wood and leaves. 
Briksan ran as fast as Sam would allow. He knew from the start that they would not make it. Even when he saw the winds stirring inside Lephretes, he knew they would never get away in time. His conclusion was cemented as fact when the first avian struck. It attacked them from above like a lightning strike. Briksan’s alarms went off; he knew exactly what was coming and where it was coming from. He realized they couldn’t run any longer; the winds of Nanthos had caught up with them. They had to stand and fight it.
He dropped Lillian on the ground, turned, and swung his sword upwards. The descending avian was sliced into two almost equal halves. 
Sam drew his weapon. 
They both stood around Lillian. 
This wasn’t going to end well, Briksan thought. Except some miracle of the urge happened—like it did when he fought the Latrogenes or when he was drowning in the river—they would fight to their deaths. They would actually die here.
The wind stirred around them, whipping black dust several feet into the air above them. 
At first, the avians came in trickles; twos and threes. They were huge, hawk-like birds with sharp talons and fangs.
Then, the avians descended upon them like rain; in their thousands.
Briksan knew it was over for them. Sam knew this also. They fought with all their might, not because they could defeat the numerous avians, but because they knew they had no choice. They weren’t just going to raise their hands in defeat and get eaten by avians. No, they were going to take as many of these critters as they could take to their graves. It was neither bravado nor braggadocio. It was an innate character every true man of war possessed. It was valor. To die on the battle field, swinging your weapon at the enemy; not giving up in cowardice. It was valor that propelled Briksan and Sam to keep fighting the avians.
They fought in the dark, despite the bright moon. The winds had stirred a great darkness around them. Sam found it difficult to fight the monsters, until his eyesight adjusted to the low illumination. Then, he slew the avians in their hundreds, with the fierceness of a starved rabid animal, tearing at a scrap of meat.
For Briksan, with each avian torn apart by his sword, the urge worked up a storm within him. He killed many more. As time progressed, and the urge stormed higher, he obtained limited control of the wind. He bent it around his body and gave his attacks more hard-hitting power and his movements more speed and agility. Suffice to say that the avians died in their hundreds.
After what must have been an hour, Sam succumbed to fatigue. He collapsed on a pile of dead avians out of sheer exhaustion.
Briksan stayed up longer and protected Sam and Lillian. His body had started showing signs of weakening. The avians showed no signs of abating. They descended from above as fast as lightning with their fangs and talons poised to rip flesh apart. Briksan stood his ground near Sam and Lillian, hacking avians as the wind spun around him like a tornado.
It happened again, like it had happened when he had been attacked by the horde of sword-wielding Latrogenes. Briksan became one with the wind. The urge waxed so strong in him, it exuded a bright red shimmer through his body. Briksan became a spectator, watching as he hacked the descending bird-monsters. Every avian that missed his flaming swords got cindered on contact with the wind and the red shimmering barrier that surrounded him. And so the cycle went that the avians attacked him in great numbers and fell dead in even greater numbers. With each cycle, Briksan weakened. He knew very soon, he too would collapse to the ground. 
Slowly, the avians stopped coming. They came by threes, then twos. Then they stopped coming entirely. The black dust-storm receded and the moon light penetrated his surrounding once more. The tornado that had whirred around him ceased. The urge melted away.
Briksan fell his knees to a bare ground. Every muscle in his body was sore. When he felt the bare ground on his knees, he looked around. That was when he noticed the huge wall of avian body parts stacked four meters high, encircling them in with a radius of about seven meters. Briksan had been circling Sam and Lillian because the monstrosities descended from all directions. He must have somehow whipped the avian bodies into the wall he now saw.
Although there was no scar or injury on his body—none that he could feel at this time—Briksan’s body throbbed with pain. If the avians had continued their attack for a while longer, they would have died.
The second day of their mission had ended, and they were still a long way from saving Rachael or the children. Their chances of saving Rachael and the children diminished greatly every time they were delayed. And those chances were small from the beginning.
Briksan sighed and collapsed to the ground. Few seconds later, he fell into a deep sleep.


Somewhere at the bed of river Lehretes, Nanthos woke. He woke no less enraged than he was when the gods had imprisoned him there. He woke with more fury, more hatred, more power. He woke with the same purpose: to kill the gods and populate the underworld with the souls of men. Now he was weak, but he would get stronger. He had pulled back his finger, the Narrokks, to conserve his energy. All he awaited was a sacrifice, and then he would arise from the mire, the decrepit mud sludge of the river base. Once again, he would march on the home of the gods. Not to destroy the elder gods, but to destroy the gods.
 
CHAPTER ELEVEN

While Briksan slept, he had a dream.
He lay on a meadow with the harsh glare of a noon sun in his face. He gently arose. Few meters away from where he sat, was a huge lake. Less than a kilometer behind him was the only house in sight.
Briksan trudged over to the lake, bent over it and splashed water on his face. He drank some of the water and then felt compelled to take a dip in it.
He was about to, when he heard Arashani’s voice. 
“What you did was foolish.”
Briksan didn’t turn to look at the goddess. He wondered why she had come early this time. She usually gave him more time to relax and unwind in her scenery before she came to talk to him. Briksan rarely dreamt. Most times when he dreamt, it was a message from Arashani. She always used the scenery with the green pasture, the lake, the house and the occasional grazing cattle.
Briksan straightened his green shirt on his body. He inhaled and exhaled deeply and then turned to face Arashani. She sat gracefully in the air to his left, resplendent, as always, in her white gown. He sat in the green pasture before Arashani, crossed his legs, stared at the goddess and wondered what she meant by what she had said. Yes, it was foolish to have crossed the river and to have stirred up the winds of Nanthos in the process. But it wasn’t as if they had any choice. And they had survived the wind. So what was the use of rubbing it in? Arashani never did that—second guess his tactical decisions even if they were the wrong ones. Briksan concluded it had to be something. Something he did not know about. Considering the anger in Arashani’s visage, he knew it was something grave.
For lack of what to say, he said the only thing that came to his mind. “We survived Nanthos.”
Arashani waved her hands, dismissing his comment. She frowned in disgust. “You only survived because you were at the edge of the storm. The only reason you were at the edge of the storm was because you were in the barren lands. Perhaps, you merely fought the Narrokks—inferior Narrokks for that matter—the pitiful spawns of Nanthos.” Arashani spat a string of god-curses. “I wonder why the beast still lives. We should have tried harder to kill it in the beginning.”
“Hold on,” Briksan said, suddenly alert. “Nanthos is a creature?” Arashani had called Nanthos a beast. Up until then, Briksan had thought it was just a wind. From what she said, Nanthos pre-existed the New World. Briksan had never seen Arashani so angry before.
The light around Arashani dimmed. Her face took upon itself the countenance of pain and pity—the kind of pity directed at someone being led by chains to the forest of Arduin. A terrible thing was about to happen, or had already happened. Briksan’s heartbeat picked up pace.
“Nanthos is a creature of pure evil. Born in the underworld from the hatred of a billion souls, he is an infinitely powerful, malicious creature that has existed for eons with an insatiable thirst for violence and destruction. 
We never fought Nanthos. Our parents, the elder gods, did. Nanthos destroyed them. He destroyed the home of the gods and almost destroyed us. When we realized we couldn’t kill him, we put him to sleep, cast him to the earth and covered him with water, where you now call Lephretes. The winds of Nanthos are a manifestation of Nanthos’ deathly hunger—a way to feed which we allowed as long as he remained asleep. Now your urge blast in Lephretes has stirred the monster to consciousness.
The gods have grown stronger since the demise of the elder gods, but we are still no match for Nanthos. The gods will be destroyed. In an act of self-preservation, they have decided to extirpate mankind and offer every human soul as a sacrifice to appease Nanthos.”
Every muscle in Briksan’s body froze. The air passing through his muscles chilled and his heart jerked in his chest. Nanthos, killer of the elder gods, was awake. Now the gods wanted to annihilate all of mankind. It was too much for one man to take. Ever since he had started on this quest, it had been one level of difficulty to a higher level of difficulty. There had been no respite. This was the last straw. Briksan was broken.
Arashani continued. “Nanthos will be battle ready four full moons from now. The council of nine has decided to give you until the third full moon to stop him. Otherwise, they would go ahead with their decision to sacrifice the lives of men.”
That was it. Briksan exploded a tad too loud for his safety. “I can’t fight Nanthos. How do they expect me to stop him? If the elder gods, as powerful as they were, failed, how am I, a mere mortal, to succeed? They might as well destroy mankind now and be done with it.” Briksan jumped to his feet, and paced the ground. He half expected her to smite him for his irreverent behavior, Nanthos or no Nanthos. But, she just stared at him with pity.
Briksan then realized that Arashani wasn’t angry with him for awakening Nanthos. She was angry for him. He figured she must have resisted the gods’ decisions. But she was only one of the nine members of the council of nine. That was the reason why she pitied him.
Briksan mellowed and sat down.
“All hope is not lost,” Arashani said as she regained her bright countenance that had been dimmed by sorrow. “You must first defeat Kaza. He possesses a power that predates the gods. It may be strong enough for you to defeat Nanthos with. You must hurry. Kaza has arrived at his fortress and even now, he makes plans to sacrifice the children.”
“Can’t the gods obtain this power for themselves? Must they rely on a mortal?”
“Yes. Kaza has used the ancient power to create a shield around his fortress. We cannot penetrate Kaza’s shield; but a mortal can.
“Continue on your path. When you reach the edge of the black forest, you’ll meet a Tabiva witch. Tell no tales and you will yet survive the encounter. Ask for basic necessities—water, food, fresh clothing—she will provide. If she asks, tell her you are outcasts of Lazul seeking refuge beyond the forest. Take the path to the village beyond. There, you’ll find horses. Ride to the mountain.
“Be vigilant, Briksan, for your path is yet riddled with many more hardships. But even in the darkest of the dark, remain close to your friends. Be strong and courageous.”
Briksan didn’t have time to respond. Even if he had, he didn’t have anything to say. The world around him faded into the darkness. 
Briksan awoke to Lillian’s face, blocking the rays of the sun. Lillian’s face looked worn out from all the stress, and her black dress was covered in grime. She had a questioning gaze on her face. Whatever question she had asked him, he hadn’t heard. 
Briksan sat up. The wall of dead avians still stood around them, permeating the encircling with the smell of rotten flesh. Briksan coughed and spat on the black ground. The way his body felt now was a stark contrast to the way his body had felt in his dream. In his dream he had felt strong, vibrant, refreshed. But in the real world, he felt spent, tired, hungry. His dried tongue clung to the roof of his mouth. His muscles ached and creaked with the slightest motion. His head throbbed.
“Water,” Briksan said, surprised at the sound of his voice. It was more of a croak than a voice.
Lillian handed him a leathern water bottle made with goat skin.
Briksan removed the stopper and downed its content. He was instantly rejuvenated.
Lillian handed him a morsel of bread.
Briksan consumed the piece of bread rather ravenously in spite of the fetid environment.
Lillian handed him another water bottle. This one was bloated with water. “Be careful with this one,” she said. “It’s our last.”
Briksan nodded and took a long pull from the bottle. He handed it back to Lillian.
Lillian cocked the bottle and stuffed it back into her small carryon bag along with the empty skin he had dropped on the ground.
“Where’s Sam?” Briksan asked.
“On the other side of the wall,” Lillian replied, pointing at the wall. “He went to scout ahead.”
Briksan nodded and picked up his bag. It was covered in black dust.
Briksan studied the wall and noticed a path leading up the wall and over the side. It was the path Sam had made. He started towards the path.
“Sam told me you saved my life,” Lillian said from behind him. 
Briksan stopped, turned, and faced Lillian.
“When I fell into the river, Sam said you came after me. When the winds came upon us, he said you saved us.” Lillian looked down at her feet, looking for the right words to say. She looked at him again. “A lot has changed for me since I started this journey. I’ve realized there are certain things I shouldn’t have said to you…I wanted to say thank you. Thank you for coming after me.”
Lillian was right. She had changed a lot these past two days. Close calls with death had a way of causing the most radical of changes. Often those changes tend to be long lasting. Briksan didn’t know how to reply her. “It was the right thing to do Milady,” Briksan said. “Sam would have gone in too had I not stopped him.”
Lillian blushed slightly. “Please Briksan, call me Lillian. We are a long way from Lazul and perhaps, we are equals here. No need to use the title.”
Briksan nodded. Of course he knew he was no equal with Lillian wherever they were. No matter what happened, Briksan could never think of Lillian below daughter of the Shanitus household, governor of the south, and ruler of Lazul. 
Together, they climbed the path Sam had made in the wall to the top. The sight beyond the wall was staggering. Dead Narrokks covered the landscape. Avian body parts littered the area in all directions and for several meters. 
Briksan led Lillian down the path Sam had made. Then they headed north, picking their way through the black forest. The air within the charred forest was stale and smelt of ash. The forest was silent and dead as the night. There was no doubt that the ashes they treaded upon originated from the great fire that had engulfed the once fruitful forest. Now, all that remained were burnt tree trunks with thorn-like branches. The forest was rightly named.
They travelled in silence for a while before they met up with Sam. Just like Briksan and Lillian, Sam was covered in grime. 
Sam told them that there was nothing of interest to report. The forest was empty and as dead as dead could be. There was no sign of imminent danger. Whatever fire had destroyed the forest, it had destroyed every potential enemy with it. It would seem that their journey through the forest would go unchallenged. Briksan was relieved by the information. Sam also reported that as far as he could see, there was no end to the forest, but he hadn’t gone far so he couldn’t tell.
They continued north. 
As they journeyed across the barren lands, Briksan was puzzled. He thought he should be able to see at least an outline of the Evil Mountain in the distant sky. But he couldn’t. Could they be going in the wrong direction? Briksan gazed at the sky to ascertain their bearing. He noticed that the sun had started its descent westward.
Briksan turned to Sam and Lillian to voice his observation. He held his tongue. There was something different about the two. The way they looked at each other made Briksan realize that a lot had changed between them since he had been out. They had become a couple. Maybe even shared a kiss, Briksan wasn’t certain. One thing was certain though; Sam and Lillian had purposely decided to ignore the seventh Sacred Law. 
The seventh Sacred Law stated in no uncertain terms that no daughter of the Tus household and bearer of the blessing of Tus would be allowed a conjugal relationship or marriage to another unless released by a unanimous decision of the council of nine. On the day of her birth, her life would be dedicated to the gods. She would become the gods’. Lillian was of the Tus household, being a daughter of Shanitus, and according to the law, she belonged to the gods. Sam had no business being with her.
This is a bad sign, Briksan thought sourly, turning to mind his way. The Sacred Laws weren’t just laws for men to keep, they were laws for both men and gods to keep. The Sacred Laws, ten of them, were laws that defined the gods’ relationship and dealings with men and vice versa. The laws were sacred, holy. Any man that trifled with the laws, trifled with the gods. The punishment for blithely disregarding the laws and breaking them repeatedly and without remorse was ostracism. Ostracism not only from Lazul but also from mankind. Evil and destruction would follow, finding the culprits wherever they might be. It was a terrible fate, one that Briksan was not ready to think about at this time. 
Sam and Lillian could never be together. Briksan had to warn Sam about the consequences of his actions. He had to make him see reason. But Briksan was worried. Love—if this was truly love—was a powerful force. Sam was more likely to ignore him, ignore the laws. In the end, Briksan would have to stand by him as he had stood by Briksan all these years.
Briksan’s shoulders sagged.
 He dodged a huge branch that stuck out into the path they followed. Wasn’t there any fairness in the world? Briksan had set out to save the children that had been kidnapped at the possible cost of his life. Yet, the gods had saddled him with the grievous responsibility of defeating Nanthos. An impossibility, to say the least. At every turn in his quest, he had been met with disappointment, pain and sadness. He had always been on the run for his life. The goddess had told him his path was riddled with more difficulty. Briksan felt angry and frustrated. Wasn’t there any fairness in the world? 
After they had journeyed for several more hours, Briksan told Sam and Lillian about his conversation with Arashani. He left out the part about Nanthos but told them everything else. He told them about the Tabiva witch at the edge of the black forest which was where they were headed. He told them they couldn’t tell the witch about their mission or anything. He also told them about the village where they could get horses and ride to the mountain.
When he had told them about the Tabiva witch, he noticed the tension in their bodies; effects of their last encounter with the Tabiva witches in the forest of Arduin.
The trio continued northwards through the black landscape. They didn’t reach the witch’s house until night fall. By that time, the urge was slowly building in Briksan’s blood. His eye sight was turning red.  The desire to slay was rising.
The house stood, sturdy, in the center of the stony ground. The ground stretched for several meters in all directions from the house and then the black forest continued. The double-decked house, though only slightly visible under the half moon, had a look that screamed death in his mind. Briksan had to fight the urge to turn and run. The house’s pointed roof looked like it was specially designed to impale hapless victims. The roundish windows on both sides of the upper and lower decks looked like eye sockets in a skull. The whole house seemed blacker than the forest.
The moment they crossed into the witch’s yard, which was covered with hardened stone, the house came alive with lights. From every hole, light poured out of the house into the compound. It was because of this distraction that they hadn’t seen the frail, black-clad, bent over woman appear before them.
“Only fools would dare venture this far into the barren lands,” the old woman croaked. For an old woman she spoke with energy, pushing out the words rather than speaking them.
Briksan turned, startled. When he saw the woman, his heart leapt to his throat. At first he thought the witch was the mistress-witch from Arduin. The similarities were uncanny. He thought they were doomed because they couldn’t fight and they couldn’t run. When the witch didn’t attack them, he began to notice differences. This witch was bent over and she used a crooked tree branch to support her weight. Her eyes were bugged out, bristling with the same outlandish energy that characterized the Tabiva witches. Her broken brown teeth were ragged and fang-like.
Briksan fell to his knees out of feigned reverence and fear. On cue, Sam and Lillian did the same.
“Great mistress,” Briksan said to the witch, being careful to keep his head bowed. “We are outcasts seeking water to drink, food to eat, fresh clothes to wear and a community to live in.” Briksan still didn’t understand why the witch would help them. She was evil, wasn’t she?
“Outcasts from where?” The witch replied after a few seconds.
Tell no tales. 
“Lazul,” Briksan replied.
The word acted like an ignition. When he mentioned it, rage flashed through the woman’s face. Her eyes reddened as she throated a laugh. 
“Lazul?” She muttered. “Very soon it shall be no more.”
The witch turned away from them and began muttering to herself. Her words were indiscernible, but Briksan picked three words: Panatrous, Basheba and Nanthos. Briksan knew the dark queen-goddess Basheba. Who was Panatrous? And what did the two have in common? He suspected it was all linked to Nanthos. The witch knew something he didn’t.
Suddenly, the witch became silent, turned and faced them.
Briksan tensed.
She smiled sinisterly. “Come. You can stay the night.”
The witch turned and led them across the compound into the house.
 
CHAPTER TWELVE

The moment Briksan stepped into the house, he knew it was enchanted. Of course it would be enchanted, what had he expected? They were following an immensely powerful witch who would destroy them effortlessly if she knew who they really were. As they walked through the warm, soft-lighted interior towards the wooden stairs by the side, Briksan knew that the warm atmosphere, the soft-looking leather chair at the center, the wooden decorations on the walls were all effects of the enchantment. There were two doors in the sitting room. One was to the left before the stairs leading into a kitchen. Straight ahead was another door with strange designs on it.
The witch led them up the stairs. Briksan felt uneasy. Something was wrong. His early warning system hadn’t gone off, but Briksan could sense trouble in his bones. He could also sense the presence of another powerful sorceress. They climbed the stairs and got to the top of the landing. The witch assigned them rooms. 
There were two rooms on both sides of the stairwell.
“You’ll find clothes to your taste in the wardrobe and water to wash yourselves,” the witch said. “My assistant will bring food to you shortly.” The witch turned without another word and trudged down the stairs, muttering to herself.
“We leave immediately,” Briksan said to Sam and Lillian once the witch was out of earshot.
“Immediately?” Lillian complained. “But we only just got here. We’ve been trekking for several hours. My legs are sore.”
“It is better to be alive and be in pain than to be dead,” Briksan noted.
“What do you mean?” Sam asked, alert.
“Something feels wrong,” Briksan said. “Perhaps, Arashani didn’t say we could spend the night. Remember this is a Tabiva witch. She is dangerous. For every second we remain in the house, we are in mortal danger.” 
“So you have nothing concrete?” Lillian said.
“No,” Briksan replied. “We leave immediately.”
They broke fellowship and entered their assigned rooms.
The room was as warm and cozy as the whole house. Opposite the door was an open window. It was dark outside. To the left was a bed and to the right was a wardrobe. A door beside the wardrobe led into the bathing room. A lamp stand affixed to the wall a little above the head of the bed gave light to the room.
Within minutes, Briksan was prepared to leave the witch’s house. After washing his body clean, he found fresh clothes in the wardrobe. He wasn’t surprised to see an exact replica of his vigilante wear in the wardrobe. The house was enchanted. Briksan changed clothes and wore new boots and a buckle belt. He took another pair of fresh clothes and stuffed it into his bag. He might need the extra on his way.
Briksan laid the bag beside the bed and lumbered to the window and stared at the barren lands. Featureless, black and barren, the sight did nothing to quell the uneasy feeling he felt. Something was wrong, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. 
Restless, Briksan strolled to the bed and crashed on it, face upward. 
Maybe he was worried about nothing. Arashani did not tell them not to stay the night in the witch’s house. But that didn’t mean they couldn’t, did it? After all, they had been harried northward under consistently harrowing situations; they deserved a respite.
Briksan relaxed his muscles and allowed the soft bed to draw him in. He deserved a respite. Just a few minutes of rest, then he would get Sam and Lillian and they would continue on their journey. 
It was the knock on the door almost an hour later that woke Briksan up from sleep. As he bolted up the bed, he realized what was wrong. It was nighttime, the moon was glowing in the sky and he felt good; too good, actually. The urge was gone. The redness in his eyes, the murderous rage, the inhuman strength, they were all gone. Briksan tried to form an arrow. Nothing happened. Panic welled up to his throat.
There was another knock at the door.
Briksan’s hands immediately went into his bag and pulled out the white rectangular slab. Less than a feet long and one inch across, the white slab was thick yet weightless in his hands. Briksan squeezed the white slab and it lengthened to a one meter, razor-sharp, metal blade. It wasn’t ordinary metal. It was imperial metal, wrought in the forges of Salcatrez in the land of the gods beyond the south. The weapon was so sharp it could tear with just a soft touch. Briksan relaxed his grip and the deadly weapon shortened back to a white slab. The weapon was a gift from Arashani, a gift he had ever cared to use until now. 
The third time there was a knock at the door, it was followed by a pleasant female voice. “Tabiva sends food, sir.” 
Tabiva? The witch’s name is Tabiva? Briksan’s heart thumped in his chest. His mind raced. What had they gotten themselves into? 
“Sir?” said the lady at the door.
Briksan walked to the door. He held the white slab loose in his hands so he could defend himself at a moment’s notice. 
Briksan opened the door. He was not prepared for what he saw. In this dark part of the world, Briksan never expected to see someone as beautiful and graceful as the young lady that stood in the door. She wore a red imperial gown that revealed the upper parts of her full cleavage. Though long and conservative, the gown couldn’t hide her curvaceous body. Her lustrous dark hair was tied back in a ponytail and her eyes were icy blue. She carried a tray packed full of fruits, bread and water. The beautiful woman reeked of power—sorcerous power. She was the other powerful sorceress he had sensed in the house.
She brushed past Briksan and strode into the room without another word. She laid the tray on the side of the bed and turned to leave. When she saw the white slab in his hands, she froze in her steps as if jolted by an invincible force. She stared at him, cross-examining him with her icy blue eyes. There was a flash of realization in her eyes. 
“It cannot be,” she muttered in awe.
“What?” Briksan was confused.
“What is your name?” She asked, taking several steps to stand before him. She stared deep into his eyes, searching, confirming what she felt was already true. She was an inch shorter than he was which meant she was tall. 
Tell no tales. Arashani’s instructions resounded in his head yet, he couldn’t resist. His curiosity took over.
“Briksan Sarkson.”
Her eyes widened. Briksan noticed the visible thumping of her chest.
“Please,” she said. She stretched her right hands towards his cheek. “I have to be sure.”
Before Briksan could resist, she touched his right cheek.
His mind exploded. 
Then, his head spun and his eyes blacked out. 
Sorcerous power washed over his being. It was over in a second.
The sorceress pulled her hands away and backpedalled as if she had touched hot metal. She looked shocked. Then, fear replaced shock in her eyes. 
“What was that?” Briksan fumed, furious.
“Briksan,” she said, “your life and the lives of your friends are in danger. Tabiva has marked the three of you for sacrifice to Panatrous. You can’t escape. The fence has been sealed by powerful magic. Your Salcatrezan weapon cannot break through the barrier. Only the curse of the sword can help you, but it is being suppressed by Tabiva. If you don’t do what I say, you will die. Do you understand?”
Panic struck, Briksan merely nodded.
“Eat, drink, and sleep. Regain your strength for you will need it. The sacrifice is not until first light tomorrow. We will make our escape before first light.”
She strode to the door.
“Why are you helping us?” Briksan called after her.
She stopped and turned to face him. “My name is Abigail. Do you know who I am?”
Briksan knew a lot of people named Abigail in Lazul-north. But he seriously doubted that anyone of them would dare venture beyond the borders of the north let alone become a powerful sorceress. “No,” Briksan replied. He could see that his answer had hurt her. Was he supposed to know her?
Abigail turned away. “If we make it out of here alive, I will tell you everything.” She walked out the door and closed it behind her.
Briksan stood still for several minutes after the door had been closed. One million thoughts crossed his mind during that time. Abigail’s revelation had confirmed his suspicions. Though he was disconcerted by the enigma that surrounded Abigail, he believed her. They were in a lot of trouble. He wasn’t yet sure that Tabiva knew about them and their escapade in the forest of Arduin, but it didn’t matter. By first light tomorrow, they would be sacrifices to Panatrous, if they didn’t escape.
Briksan sat on the bed and ate the food. It wasn’t until he ate the bread that he realized he was starving. He consumed the food in large swallows and downed the large mug of water. When he was finished, he laid the empty tray on the floor and lay back on the bed. His eyes were sodden with sleep. Briksan fought sleep for a while and then gave in to it. He half expected to see Arashani in his sleep. He didn’t. He should have known better. He was in queen Basheba’s territory. He would receive no help from the goddess, Arashani. They were on their own.
 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When Lillian woke up Briksan, he drew in a lungful of fresh air.  First light was less than an hour away. Briksan bolted out of the bed.
“You tricked me,” Briksan said to Abigail, angered. “You drugged my food.”
“It was necessary,” Abigail said, brushing past Lillian and Sam. She stood before him. “You were going to do something stupid and foil my plan.”
True, Briksan thought. But he was not about to admit it.
“How can I trust you now?” Briksan retorted with a scowl. He picked his bag and retrieved the Salcatrezan weapon. He slung the bag around his back. He then activated the weapon and took a defensive stance. “We’re leaving without you.” If he had had the urge running through his blood last night, he would have known Abigail was lying. But he hadn’t. Maybe that was part of her sinister plan. 
Abigail looked at him sourly. Her icy blue eyes were what they were, icy. They sent shivers into his spine. 
“Fine,” Abigail said. She raised her hands in surrender.
Sam interposed his body between Abigail and the tip of Briksan’s sword. Briksan saw that he had changed into an entirely different apparel than the one he had left Gyarunge with. He wore a wine-colored, cotton cloth and a pair of brown trousers with buckles and a sword.
“Briksan, the Tabiva sisters are down stairs.” Sam spoke low and with a serious look. “There are four of them now. We can’t make it out of here by our own power. We need Abigail.”
“She drugged me,” Briksan replied, his sword still raised. “We cannot trust her.”
“We can,” Lillian said from behind. She looked beautiful in her gold, flower patterned, black dress and leather trousers. They were the same outfit she had worn all along, still, she radiated in the room.
“Look, Briksan,” Sam said, recalling his attention. “I don’t know why Abigail drugged you, but she’s on our side. I and Lil weren’t drugged. We purposely slept through the night because she told us too. Right now, we are about to be sacrificed to Panatrous. Abigail is our only hope.” Sam’s big brown eyes pleaded with him.
Briksan’s gaze shifted to Abigail who was to his left. She looked harmless and innocent, yet, Briksan could sense the enormous power she exuded. He knew that Sam and Lillian couldn’t sense it. Abigail still wore red imperial gown, looking stunning as the night before. Briksan noticed he wasn’t the least bit attracted to the woman. He found it strange. Maybe it was sorcery on her part. In spite of her icy blue eyes, she stared at him with warmth that disarmed him.
“Abigail.” A shrill scream came from below. “It is time.”
Abigail winced.
Briksan recognized the voice of the Tabiva mistress-witch, the one that had struck him with lightning. Tension rose in the room. Briksan lowered his weapon. His heart raced. “What do we do?” Briksan asked Abigail.
She responded immediately. “Remember the door you saw beside the stair case when you entered the house?”
“Yes.”
“When you hear the thunder, run for that door. Destroy the shrine and take the trap door down to the tunnels. Take it as far as it goes. When you get to the barrier, break through it with your powers.”
“It’s already dawn,” Briksan complained, “I don’t have the power.”
“It is not yet first light,” Abigail replied. “Get there before first light or you’ll never be able to get through.” 
“What about you?” Lillian asked.
“I’ll meet with you at the end of the tunnel,” Abigail replied. She turned and strode out of the room.
Full of apprehension, the trio waited at the door for the sound of thunder. No one dared talk. They were all absorbed in their own thoughts. 
It didn’t take time for the thunder to come. They expected it to come the moment Abigail left the room, that’s why they were huddled in the door waiting to dash down the stairs. What Briksan did not expect was the trembling it brought that shook the house and threw them into the corridor. The beams moaned and splinters appeared everywhere. The house wouldn’t remain standing for long.
They picked themselves from the floor and rushed down the stairs. They were careful not to impale themselves on the wooden fragments that shot out from the walls. When they got to the ground floor, a battle was already raging between Tabiva and Abigail. It was a battle with lightning. As the trio ran towards the door, Briksan took everything in with one full sweep. The house was torn apart. There was a gaping crack lining the ceiling and walls. Cool morning air poured into the disheveled room through the opening. The three Tabiva sisters were sprawled on the ground unconscious and smoking with a burnt patch of flesh and fabric on their chest.
Tabiva caught sight of their movement and hissed at them, revealing fearful crooked teeth that were more like fangs. 
Without meaning to but doing so anyway, Tabiva turned away from Abigail to destroy them with lightning. Blue and white streaks from Abigail’s palms struck her chest. It caught her and slammed her against the wall.
They didn’t realize they had frozen until Abigail who was covered with a white flame, yelled. “Go!”
Her command sputtered them back into action. 
Briksan smashed the door with his leg. The door gave way with ease, splinters and all, despite the strange, heavy engravings.
Before Briksan ran through the doorway, he cast a quick glance behind him. Tabiva rose from where she had fallen, a thick dark mist surrounding her. She shifted her gaze towards him; her eyes burned like hot coal. She blew the mist towards him.
The formless mist took shape as it approached him. It turned into a huge hound-like beast with dripping fangs and eyes wild with blood-lust. Briksan waited no more.
“Help me!” 
Briksan pulled up the door with Sam and Lillian’s help and pushed it into the opening. They held it in place with their backs. Almost immediately, there was a sharp jolt against the door, then another. The hounds slammed into the door from behind, each time jolting them out of place for a brief moment. They couldn’t hold the door for long.
“Go,” Sam said, feverish. “We’ll hold the door. Go.” His voice was strained and full of uncertainty.
Briksan pushed against the door just when the next hound slammed into it. He leveled the effect. 
Briksan picked up his Salcatrezan weapon from where he had thrown it and rushed to the altar. It was a four feet tall concrete slab, just like the one he had seen in the forest of Arduin. On the table, there was a slain lamb with its legs pinned to the concrete to form an ‘X’ and its entrails scattered around the table. White stones much like the ones that marked the Tabiva sisters’ shrine surrounded the altar. They pulsated.
As Briksan got to the stones, he leapt into the shrine, bringing his weapon to bear on the concrete table and the slain lamb. The table split into two. It was followed by a shrill scream from the other room. The howling of the hounds intensified. The throbbing white stones dulled out. A raging wind stirred around the house. Arashani was on their side.
The urge returned to him with force. His bones received strength, his eyes reddened, murderous rage filled his mind. Briksan deactivated his weapon and pushed it into his pocket. He ran towards the trap door on the ground by the side of the altar. He pulled against the single metal handle and ripped the metal door from the ground, concrete and all.
He turned towards the door. “Run,” he boomed.
Sam and Lillian abandoned the door and ran towards him. The beasty hounds smashed through the door into the room, trampling on one another. Sam and Lillian reached him. The beasts were seconds behind them. They dropped into the hole without a glance through. Briksan flung the heavy metal door at the hounds and jumped into the hole. He saw the sharp-edged metal spin through the air cutting two of the hounds before he fell in. The rest of the hounds followed him into the hole.
Briksan fell on his knees and pushed himself forward. It was less than a four meter fall. Briksan followed Sam and Lillian down the tunnel. Few seconds later, the howls of the hounds echoed in the tunnel. The hounds were close behind them.
They saw the barrier later. It was a shimmering field ahead, extending between the sandy walls of the tunnel.
“Briksan?” Sam shouted from ahead. 
Sam didn’t need to say any more. Still running, Briksan made his hands as if to notch an arrow then pulled. Briksan never thought he would ever be overjoyed to see the flaming bow and arrow in his hands. It was after all a sign of the curse he bore. However, the notion of being ripped to shreds by those blood-thirsty creatures caused the feeling to flood his being. Briksan let loose the arrow. He fired two more in quick succession. The arrows zipped through the air between Sam and Lillian who ran side-by-side. The first arrow struck the barrier and caused it to pulse with a brilliant white light. The second arrow struck and caused it to pulse even more. The third arrow struck the barrier and caused it to shatter and vanish. They ran through, out of Tabiva’s territory. That same moment, the urge died.  Day had dawned.
They had left the witch’s territory, but the hounds still pursued them, howling and hooting with bloodcurdling ferocity. Briksan chanced a glance behind him. The beasts bounded after them. Their eyes were fierce with rage, their fangs dribbled spittle and hungered for flesh. They came in unimaginable numbers, as if they multiplied with each step. 
Briksan panicked. 
He couldn’t fight that many hounds; he would be ripped apart. To exacerbate the matter, he was getting tired and the beasts were catching up. Without the urge, he was just a mere man. No strength, no speed, no rage to fuel his cruelty, nothing.
The tunnel came to a sandy and abrupt halt. A ladder in the wall before them led up another hole. Sam started up the ladder. Lillian followed. Then Briksan.
Hardly had he gone up ten rungs when his head met Lillian’s boots.
“It’s locked,” Sam bellowed amidst the barks of the oncoming hounds. He banged against the metal door. A futile effort, Briksan observed.
Briksan looked below. He was barely four meters above the ground. The beasts wouldn’t be able to reach him, even if they jumped.
He was wrong.
One after the other, the hounds slammed into the wall as they met the barricade, rabid as they were. They tried to climb the ladder with their paws, but they couldn’t. They slid down the metal ladder after the first rung. They jumped at him, but he was too high.
Sam banged at the metal door. 
More of the hounds bounded in. They began to pile up, tearing at each other for a chance at him.
Briksan’s heart leapt to his throat. The beasts rushed upwards like a volcanic eruption as they climbed on one another. Briksan pulled out his Salcatrezan weapon. “Sam…” he called out, fear stricken. Briksan squeezed the white slab. The slab lengthened into a sword.
“What?!” Sam was panicking, furiously banging at the metal door.
The hole through which the ladder led up the roof of the tunnel was wide enough to accommodate the hounds’ up-thrust. Briksan calculated that in less than one minute, the beasts would reach his level. They had run out of luck this time.
Briksan hacked at the beasts. 
They were closer now. 
Briksan pushed upwards instinctively at the leap of a hound for as much as Lillian could allow.
The beasts piled higher.
Sam banged, loud, at the door, but Briksan suspected that the banging in his chest was louder. It was all he heard.
The beasts had piled up to his legs. There was no more room to swing his sword. It was over.
Suddenly, the metal door shut upwards letting in a flood of sunlight. Then, a force pulled them off the ladder and out of the tunnel like a suction. It dropped them on the black, ash-ridden ground of the black forest. 
Abigail stood over the hole in the ground aflame with white fire. The metal door floated above her, bobbing in the wind that whirled around her. She swung both her hands downward and the metal door slammed back into place. Few seconds later, there was a jolt against the door, and then another, then several more with greater ferocity. The door held. 
They were free.
Abigail walked to Briksan and helped him to his feet. The flame around her was gone. 
“Sorry I was late,” Abigail said. She looked worn out. “Tabiva proved more powerful than I had anticipated.”
“Thank you, Abigail,” Briksan replied, happy to see her.
“Is she dead?” Lillian asked. “Are they dead?” Sam and Lillian had already picked themselves up from the ground.
Abigail turned to face the couple. “Oh, by no means.” She spoke with gravity. “Tabiva witches are divine creatures. I only slowed them down so you could make your escape. If anything, they are more infuriated now. Expect to face them in the future.”
“Right,” Lillian said, not at all pleased with the notion of facing the witches again.
Abigail looked at the skies for a moment. The sun was rising in the east and the Evil Mountain, though distant, was clear in the north, the apotheosis of all their sufferings. At its pinnacle was a brooding menace and a power that could change everything.
“It’s the fourth day of your journey and you still have a great distance to cover,” Abigail said, and started northward.
They followed.
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

For a long time, they journeyed across the black surface in silence.
Abigail led, Briksan followed from behind, and Sam and Lillian brought up the rear. 
For the first part of their journey, Briksan was absorbed in his thoughts as was every other person. Although, he suspected he was more worried than they were. Maybe Kaza’s newfound power could be used against Kaza, or maybe not. The question was could they seize it from him? He wasn’t going to give them the weapon out of the goodness of his heart. No, Kaza was going to fight them by all means which included the power he now possessed, and Briksan couldn’t hope for Abigail’s powers on the mountain. Even if the shield that surrounded the fortress didn’t negate her powers, they were still no match for the power Kaza now wielded. If Kaza could walk through the forest of Arduin, the River Lephretes, and the barren lands unscathed as well as disarm the gods as he had done, then no one could challenge him; not Briksan, not Abigail.
Briksan wondered why he had never thought about this quandary. He felt his frustration crawl its way up. There was also the problem of the Baka brothers. They too bore the curse and were equally as powerful as he was. There was no way he could defeat two of his kind. In fact, he suspected he would find it difficult defeating any one of the Baka brothers. They were ruthless soldiers. 
Despite the overwhelming odds, nothing could dissuade Briksan. He would rescue Rachael and the children. He would destroy Kaza for murdering his parents. He would destroy the Baka brothers for what they had done to him, for being responsible for the curse he carried. He would destroy them for every single innocent blood that had been shed at Barluva. Vengeance was his; he would repay. How? He didn’t know exactly, at least not yet. But he would find a way—he had to find a way. He felt he could find redemption for the Barluvan massacre and every innocent life that had been taken by the urge by destroying Kaza and his hoodlums and stopping Nanthos or lulling it back to sleep. 
A tear drop trickled down Briksan’s left cheek. Thinking of the Barluvan massacre had evoked a great despondence in his heart. Maybe he could finally get redemption. Maybe the torments at night would stop. Maybe the scar on his soul will finally heal. Kaza was the only one who stood in the way. Briksan would find a way, or die trying.
Lillian snickered behind him.  
Briksan sniffled, wiped the tear off his cheek and eyes, and glanced behind him.
That was another issue that caused him great discomfort: Sam and Lillian’s closeness. Maybe Lillian had somehow managed to forget that she was an heir of Shanitus. What madness could have befallen the governor of the south, to fall in love with a soldier? Their relationship could very well rip the frail fabrics that bound gods and men, living and dead. The Sacred Laws should never be trifled with—never! They should know better. 
Briksan knew that if word about this got out to the magi of Salcatrez, the trials would begin. It would be catastrophic for the world.
Abigail stopped abruptly. She cocked her head upwards and chanted at the coasting noon sun. Then, she bent to the ground, picked up ash and sprinkled it into the air. “Trodden paths, show us the way,” she breathed. Winds came from everywhere, causing the falling ash particles to whirl in a vortex and smolder brightly. 
Their clothes flapped in the wind. 
The whirl wind danced around Abigail for a moment. Her long hair danced with it. Then, the wind zigzagged its way northeast and vanished.
Abigail headed in that direction and they followed. 
This was the fourth time she had done that; conjured up magic to direct them to the village. The first time she had conjured up the ‘trodden paths’ spell, she had explained that the barren lands were vast and that striking out for north with no specific bearings could make them miss the village. There was a specific path to the village, and they could only find it through sorcery. Perhaps, they had to get to the village fast otherwise they wouldn’t make it to the Evil Mountain by the fifth day. Briksan couldn’t gainsay Abigail’s wisdom. It was simply knife-proof.
Ever since Abigail had helped them escape from Tabiva’s mansion, Briksan had felt she had taken over as leader of the small group. The fact that it had only been less than a day that she had smoothly assumed command only aggravated him. He didn’t trust her yet. For all he cared, she could be one of Kaza’s minions assigned to ensure they got to the mountain safely so Kaza could have the satisfaction of killing them himself. Now, he was no match for her. But at midnight, it would be a different case.
Briksan trotted up to Abigail, and walked beside her. She glanced at him and flashed a smile. Her eyes were full of warmth. Every ill thought he had harbored vanished like the last wisp of smoke from a smoldering fire.
“You said you were going to tell me who you were when we escaped from Tabiva’s lair.” Briksan said.
There was a silence.
Abigail inhaled deeply and said, “I knew your mother. I was there when you were born in the city of Foldrin, Lazul-south.” She paused and inhaled deeply again.
Sam and Lillian trotted up to them in that time.
Abigail said. “The night you were born was the night I was taken by the magi of Salcatrez. The high priestess came for me herself. They said I had great potentials. They said I could end up as one of the most powerful sorceresses of all time. I was barely four then.
“I was with mother long enough to see the most beautiful thing I’d ever since in my life come out of her womb. Long enough to hear father name him Briksan. My heart leapt for joy as I fondled with you. I finally had a little brother. Barely had I held you in my arms that the high priestess along with several magi stormed into our house and took me. Father begged, mother cried, the midwives wept on bare ground, but the magi of Salcatrez would not hear any of it. They took me away. That night, two hearts cried perhaps for the same reason; Briksan Jaza Sarkson, Faloupe Rosa Sarkson.”
When Abigail ended, Briksan found himself rooted in the ground. Abigail stood before him. Her cheeks were wet as tears escaped from her eyes.
There was no way a stranger could know his mother’s full name. Abigail was his sister.
“Suanhanssen?” Briksan said.
Abigail laughed through her tears. “Yes. I once went by that name. The high priestess changed it to Abigail.”
They hugged.
“Mother never stopped talking about you,” Briksan said afterwards. “But she never said where you went. She didn’t live long enough to. Kaza killed them.”
“I heard,” Abigail said. “I cried my heart out. I longed to see you, but the magi would not let me.”
They had started walking again.
“When you touched me back at the room, what was that about?”
“I wanted to determine your parentage. I wanted to be sure you were really my little brother. When I was sure, I wasn’t going to lose you again. It didn’t matter to me anymore that the high priestess had given me specific instructions not to engage Tabiva. It didn’t matter anymore what my mission was. All that mattered to me was your safety. All that matters to me now, is your safety.”
“What was your mission back at Tabiva’s mansion?” The question came from Sam. 
“It was my first quest outside Salcatrez,” Abigail replied. “One of our seers foresaw the rising of a great darkness that no man would survive. Even the gods would be destroyed by the gloom of the darkness. The seer saw that Tabiva was somehow connected to the rising. I was sent to investigate the witch.”
“So?”
“So…” Abigail glanced at Briksan. Their eyes connected. Briksan realized what the great evil was. It was Nanthos. Tabiva was connected to the rising of Nanthos. But how was she connected to Nanthos? Nanthos wasn’t even in her territory. And it had been his urge blast in Lephretes that had stirred the monster not Tabiva’s sorcery. 
“So, I found out that Panatrous was actively involved in reawakening Nanthos.”
“Nanthos?” Lillian said.
“I’ll tell you about that later,” Briksan said. He then said to Abigail. “Who is Panatrous? And how is he involved in all this.”
“Well, Panatrous is a god. He is the keeper of the dead and guardian of Nanthos. There are a lot of gods, some more powerful than others. Panatrous is one of the more powerful ones. Maybe even as powerful as Arashani. He’s also a member of the council of nine.”
The Sacred Laws spoke of a council of nine. Arashani had talked of a council of nine. The council that had decided he would be the one to stop Nanthos. So this Panatrous was a member? 
“How is Panatrous involved?”
“I’m not yet sure,” Abigail replied. “Whatever it is, I’m sure it has everything to do with Kaza and the children.”
After journeying in silence for a short while, Sam finally said, “So you are a sorceress of Salcatrez?”
“Yes, Sam,” Abigail replied. “I am sworn to uphold the Sacred Laws…including the seventh.”
Tension rose within the three. No one spoke again. They continued their journey in silence.
Abigail had subtly stomped her feet on Sam and Lillian’s relationship. The seventh Sacred Law would not be broken, not on Abigail’s watch. Briksan hoped they would heed his sister’s warning. He didn’t know her well enough to influence her decisions or make her wink at their indiscretion. With an emissary of Salcatrez so close, things could easily get harry. And Briksan wasn’t sure he wanted to fight his sister.
Briksan and Abigail talked further, mostly catching up on their childhood. He told her everything about his upbringing, leaving out how he had been cursed, his vigilante escapade and the Barluvan massacre. However, he suspected she already knew. Abigail told him a lot also, but Briksan sensed she was holding back a lot more. For months after she had been abducted, she had remained sad. She hadn’t fit in with the other children in their school of sorcery. She would go to the beach just beyond the school grounds and weep. 
Abigail quickly distinguished herself from her mates. Her grasp of the art of sorcery was uncanny and her enormous inborn powers were helpful. She was promoted several times ahead of her class. Still, it didn’t take her long to top the class and lead her seniors. After their primary training in the art, which lasted ten years, she spent another fifteen years under the personal tutelage of the high priestess herself. It was a great privilege; one enjoyed along with several other students that had distinguished themselves as well. Few years later, she ended up in Tabiva’s lair. 
At first, when news had come of a very important mission that entailed leaving Salcatrez, she jumped at the opportunity. To gain her trust, Abigail studied dark magic under Tabiva for two years. The mission was secret and highly dangerous. But she was the second most powerful magi on Salcatrez. The most powerful mage couldn’t go; Tabiva would recognize the high priestess.
“When I saw you for the second time,” Abigail was saying, “I didn’t recognize you. But I recognized the Salcatrezan blade you were carrying. I suspected you were my brother. 
You see, just around when you got the curse, Arashani visited Salcatrez. She asked us to make you a weapon so you could defend yourself during the day. At least until you learned to control the power and use it during the day. The high priestess allowed me craft the weapon; a way for me to connect with my brother.”
Briksan recalled that Arashani had brought the weapon to him two nights after he had been cursed. Something to remain safe with during the day, she had said to him. 
Briksan frowned. “Wait. I can control the urge and use it during the day?”
“Yes. But it’s not something Arashani or I or anyone can teach you. You’ll have to learn it yourself. First, you must accept the curse. It’s never going away.”
“You seem to know a lot about the curse of the sword.”
“I studied a thing or two about it during my primary training in sorcery.”
“I’ve noticed that it gets stronger with each killing instead of weakening. What does that mean?”
Abigail nodded. “That’s good. It means you’re learning to control it. You’re beginning to see it as a tool, as a friend and not the enemy.”
“I’m not so sure about that.”
Abigail smiled. “We’ll see.”
 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

They got to the village at nightfall. The urge was building strong in Briksan.
The Evil Mountain rose in the far north, overshadowing the small village like a ghostly apparition surrounded, almost occluded, by white clouds. Briksan dreaded living constantly under the shadow of the evil mountain. He suspected the villagers would either be dead or evil.  
At first, the houses were scanty, one here, another there. Briksan expected the people to be…different. He expected their visage to be monstrous. They did live in the barren lands far away from civilization. He was confounded when he saw the first villager, a middle-aged woman washing clothes in the veranda of a house. She was normal. No mangled feet, fanged teeth or wild expression. She just stared blankly at them as they walked past her house.
The villagers stared at them the same way when they got to what looked like the main street. Some were amused, others amazed, but most were curious. Briksan couldn’t keep track of their different expressions, but one thing was certain. It was a rare sight for them to see foreigners tread into their village from that dreaded direction, especially when they weren’t with Kaza.
On both sides of the five meter wide street, there were sturdy wooden buildings. The buildings weren’t like the impoverished structures in Gyarunge. These buildings were stately. Of course, there was the occasional ramshackle shed or hut. It was obvious to Briksan that these people weren’t poor.  
Throngs of people stood by the sides of the road to stare as they passed. Whispers and murmurs were exchanged amongst them. It seemed like they had gathered to watch an intriguing parade, however, Briksan didn’t enjoy being the spectacle. He could not decide if the villagers’ apparent ignorance was good or bad for them. Also the lack of a village fence or outpost or security of some sort meant they didn’t get bothered by trouble either. It was all too surreal. 
“Where are all these people from?” Briksan whispered to Abigail.
The faces of the villagers were lit by the moonlight and candlelight from the houses. He noticed one expression that was constant in their faces. Peace.
“These are descendants of the lost tribe,” Abigail replied. She greeted some women that broke from the gathering crowd to welcome her. When the women left, She continued, “An insignificant portion of them are outcasts from Lazul; criminals, traitors, and the like—as many as made it this far.”
Sam whistled in awe.
“Lost tribe?” Briksan had never heard of a lost tribe. If they were seeing the tribe then it wasn’t lost, was it?
“I’ll let them explain their history to you,” Abigail said. She turned to face a man that approached them from the milling crowd.
“Mistress Abigail, you honor us with your presence once more.” The man took Abigail’s hand and bowed his head. He was a tad shorter than Abigail, and he had dark skin. He had a clean shaven head and wore a green shirt and a pair of black trousers. 
“Dafur.” Abigail smiled at the man. She slowly retracted her hands from his. “I said I would come.”  
Dafur’s eyes glinted with realization. “Alas, you did great sorceress. Come.”
Dafur led them off the main road, through the crowd and into the side streets of the village. As they walked, he talked.
“I see you brought friends,” Dafur said. “Powerful like you. Yes?”
“Certainly,” Abigail replied. “They are not sorcerers, but they are powerful anyway. We’ll need water, food, and horses immediately.”
“Ah…” Dafur said, thoughtful for a while. “Food and water, I can provide. But horses… That will be difficult.” He turned a corner.
The houses on this street were double decked. The street was empty, but the houses were lit by candle light. Voices could be heard within the houses, some people were obviously observing them from their windows.
“Why?” Abigail said to Dafur.
“Things have not been the same since the last time you came, great witch,” Dafur replied. “Especially since Kaza and his bandits passed through our village with those children. Our once free village is now under siege by forces within—criminals led by Vazumal. Hmmm…wrathful creature that one.”
“You saw the children?” Lillian asked. “Didn’t you see a lady?” There was a slight tremor in her voice.
Briksan didn’t yet understand the relationship the governor of the south had with a village woman like Rachael. He knew there was something there. Maybe Rachael wasn’t what she seemed. Maybe Rachael was nobility. He began to seriously consider the possibility that Rachael was related to Lillian in some way; maybe a long lost niece from her uncle’s side or a distant cousin. It wasn’t news for children of nobility to go on dangerous quests for family. It was funny how they got into trouble a lot.
“What lady?” Dafur shook his head. “I didn’t see any lady. I only saw the children locked up in a cage. There was a carriage but I didn’t see any woman.”
Lillian let out a soft, almost indiscernible sob.
If Rachael wasn’t in the cage with the children, it could mean that Kaza had killed her and dumped her dead body somewhere. If that’s what he had done, then Briksan had suffered in vain. He had nothing to live for anymore. This would be the last time Kaza would take away someone he cared about.
Briksan’s anger waxed hot and with it, his carnal lust to spill blood grew exponentially. He tightened his hands and breathed harder, stifling the urge to swing a sword at the four heads around him.
Abigail turned to him and noticed his palpitations. She changed the topic. “The horses?” She spoke to Dafur.
“Ah… Yes,” Dafur said, shooting a curious glance at Briksan. Briksan looked away. “All the horses in the village have been possessed by Vazumal. He has them kept in the underground stables beneath the central courtyard of the magistrate’s office.”
Dafur stopped before a decked house. It’s highly polished wood gleamed in the moonlight. He trifled with a bunch of keys he had pulled out his pocket.
“How many men does this Vazumal have?” Abigail looked upset. “Why didn’t you people do anything? Why didn’t you send for help?”
Dafur led them into the house. He cast surreptitious glances back at the street before closing the door and locking it twice. 
The living room had large plush seats at the center arranged around an annular table crafted from mahogany. Just like the building, the table was highly polished casting off light rays from the several fire pots that lined the walls. The house was far from Spartan. The washy yellow walls supported abstract paintings. The ceiling was embellished with tiny colorful stones and the embroidered painting weaved red and white artfully. 
Lillian and Sam settled into one of the chairs while Briksan stood in the corner of the room, far away from them. That way he would not be able to easily gratify the compulsion to snap their necks and then cut them to pieces. He felt like exploding, suppressing the urge.
Dafur met Abigail’s questioning gaze. “Milady, we have been cut off from the city. We have no transport. Even if we wanted to trek, we couldn’t. Vazumal and his men are eight altogether, but he has some frightening creatures working for him.”
“What creatures?” Abigail frowned and stood akimbo.
“I do not know what they are,” Dafur complained. Briksan could tell he was getting afraid. “They have human shapes, but they are not humans. They kill with only one touch. I know this because…” Dafur paused and bit back a sob. Tears still escaped his watery eyes. “I know because that’s how they killed my wife and daughter. One touch.”
Abigail gasped and her eyes widened. “Yanus and Farah are dead?”
“Yes.” Dafur bent his head, covered his face with his hands and cried.
Abigail closed the distance that separated them and clasped the man’s shoulders with both her hands.
“I’m sorry, Dafur,” she said. “I assure you, their deaths will be avenged. Vazumal will pay.” Though her voice was low, her words were measured and weighty. They had an effect.
Dafur sniffled repeatedly, wiping his moist face with his sleeves. “Thank you, Milady,” he said. “Please excuse me. Let me bring food and water.” Dafur excused himself and went through a door on the opposite side of the living room.
“There is trouble,” Abigail said the moment the door closed behind him. Abigail came towards them and settled in one of the luxurious chairs around the table.
Briksan joined them at the table. He didn’t sit. He was too excited—too enraged—to sit. “What are those creatures he talked of?” He kept his voice low. 
Abigail appeared thoughtful for a while, and then she said, “Wraiths. I am certain of it. Those creatures Dafur described are wraiths. They are creatures of the underworld. Their touch will send you straight away to the world of darkness below.”
“Is that even possible?” Lillian asked. She furrowed her brow in frustration. “The doors to the underworld are one way and heavily guarded by celestial hosts. Everyone knows that. Perhaps, the gods would never allow such horrors to persist one more second.”
“It shouldn’t be, your majesty,” Abigail said. “But I suspect it is the power that Kaza wields that has summoned them here, and it is this same power that keeps them here against the will of the gods.”
Lillian’s shoulders slumped as she sank deeper into her chair. 
“How do we kill them?” Briksan managed through clenched teeth. The world around him was blood red. 
Abigail turned in his direction. “You cannot kill what is already dead, Bri.”
Briksan was taken aback by what Abigail had called him. The only other person that was fond of calling him ‘Bri’ aside from Arashani was Rachael. Now, that seemed like eons ago even though it was only less than seven days past. 
When someone died, they went to the underworld—the place of departed spirits. They are usually remembered by their families, friends and close relatives. But when someone was erased from the universe, extirpated or destroyed, especially by the gods as punishment or by some ethereal power much like the one Kaza possessed, their memories would vanish from the minds of their families, friends, close relatives—anyone that knew them in any way. If Briksan felt like he hadn’t talked to Rachael for ages when it was in fact seven days since he had spoken to her, it could mean that she had been erased by Kaza and he was now slowly forgetting her.
Briksan couldn’t take it anymore. They were so close to the evil mountain—to Rachael—he couldn’t be discouraged by hordes of living-dead creatures. He had come too far to bow his head and return. The way he saw their situation, they only had two options. They would either take the magistrate’s court and vanquish the dead or steal the horses and be off to the evil mountain. One way or another, they would be at the Evil Mountain by dawn.
Briksan stood and walked towards the door. Dafur had left the keys in the keyhole. 
Abigail jumped to her feet and moved to intercept him. “Where are you going, Bri? You can’t fight those things. They will kill you in less than an instance. And that’s if they don’t tear you apart first.”
Briksan ignored her, twisted the key twice, opened the door, and all hell broke loose.
What must have been hundreds of wraiths converged on their house from everywhere. Some ran across rooftops, some ran along the walls, others ran on the ground. Dafur’s description had done great injustice to what he saw, and Briksan saw far very well. They were tall, wiry skeletons with a very thin layer of slippery skin clinging to their bones. If Briksan didn’t know what they were, he would have thought they were impoverished humans that had starved to death and were now somehow walking. Their faces were pure bone. Their pupil-less eyes were sunken. They surged towards the house with mechanical movements. 
 
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Briksan slammed the door shut and locked it. He turned to face Abigail for instructions. She was pale and terrified.
“Help us, Arashani,” Abigail muttered just as the first wraith crashed into the house through the door. 
Briksan had miscalculated the strength of the creature. He thought he could hold back the weight of the wraith. He was wrong. The wraith’s headlong dive at the door threw Briksan and the door to the ground.
Lillian screamed.
Briksan was stunned for a moment and watched the wraith crawl towards him. The dive must have disabled it somehow. The creature smelled of fire and brimstone. As the creature neared him, he felt his life drain.
Briksan was an arm away from death when Abigail yelled and a ball of ice struck the wraith in the mid section. The wraith bounded out the door, letting out a hollow scream.
Abigail waved her hands and the door rose off the floor and bashed into the doorway. The whole army of wraiths was mere seconds away.
Abigail shouted at Sam and Lillian. “Upstairs, now.” She grabbed Briksan’s hand and helped him to his feet. They limped towards the other door in the room at first, but Briksan could feel his bone heal. As they got to the door, Dafur opened it. “No,” he said, “They are on the roof. Follow me.” They did.
When they passed through the door, Briksan’s bones had totally healed. He supported himself. 
The wraiths bashed into the house from every direction.
The group ran down a narrow corridor. Wraiths smashed through the wooden walls as they passed and afar off, down the corridor, wraiths came at them. They were surrounded. They were trapped.
Dafur broke right through a doorway Briksan hadn’t seen. Sam and Lillian followed suit only barely escaping the wraiths that came from the opposite direction.
As he and Abigail neared the doorway, the first of the wraiths had already blocked their path.
“Ice ball,” Briksan roared.
“I can’t.” Abigail yelled her reply. She waved both hands and an invincible force jerked the wraith out of the way and slammed it against the opposite wall. 
Briksan notched three arrows and released them. The arrows struck the wraith with great force and sent it several feet back, into another oncoming wraith. It only enraged the creature. It broke the arrows sticking out its chest and lunged at them. They passed through the doorway before it got to them. They bounded down two flights of stairs. They entered a cavernous room and stopped short to regain their sense of scale. At the far corner was a white boulder, like the Tabiva witches’ stones but a lot bigger. Dafur, Sam and Lillian had their palms on the white boulder. Briksan could feel a strong energy coming off the stone.
“Sorcerers’ stone,” Dafur shouted at them from the far corner. “We use it to disappear.”
Abigail’s eyes showed terror for a fleeting two seconds. Then, she hid it quickly and turned to the doorway. The wraiths hurtled down the last flight of stairs towards them. Abigail waved her hands and muttered indiscernibly. A thick metal door materialized in the doorway. Less than a second later, a dent appeared in the metal barricade, then another. They didn’t wait to see it the door would hold. They turned and dashed towards the white stone.
As they crossed the distance, the ceiling caved in ahead of them. Three huge wraiths fell through the hole into the room. They were every bit as similar as the other wraiths except that they were bigger and a thousand times more terrifying.
Abigail skidded to a halt, but Briksan charged the monsters.
“No!” Abigail’s shrill warning was but an echo.
Briksan’s heart pounded violently in his chest. Blood pumped through his body at a terrifying rate. The urge spiked several times all in less than a second. At that moment, Briksan let go. He ended his struggle. He ended his age long fight against the curse. He allowed the urge possess him. He allowed the urge fill him with indescribable power. 
As he rushed towards the wraiths, Briksan became one with the curse. And as he leapt towards the wraiths, he turned into the wind.
Abigail would later tell him he had turned into a huge hurricane and ripped the wraiths apart, limb from limb, bone from bone, molecule from molecule until they were but a pile of dust on the earthy floor. But all Briksan knew at that moment was that the urge had transformed him into the wind. It lasted for a few seconds after which he found himself on his knees, a pile of white dust behind him and the wraiths nowhere to be found.
Danger was still clear and imminent.
“Come on.” Briksan yelled awestruck Abigail into motion. The wraiths broke through the metal barricade and flooded the large room. Abigail ran around the pile of dust and together they rushed to the white stone.
Wraiths fell through the opening in the ceiling and surged forward.
They placed their hands on the stone. Abigail, the only sorcerer among them, the only person who knew how to make them disappear, muttered. This time, Briksan heard. His blood chilled.
“Arashani, help us,” Abigail had whispered with her eyes closed.
Briksan was frozen and overcome with absolute terror. That wasn’t a vanishing spell. Abigail didn’t know how to use a vanishing spell. They were going to die. 
Briksan was about to disengage his hands and turn to face his death when the stone pulsed and sorcerous power flowed out of it into his body. The last thing Briksan saw was realization in the fierce expression of the wraiths. They dived for them, their hands stretched out for a touch.
There was a flash of light. They were gone. Arashani had answered.


The moment they appeared in the storage room, Briksan’s head alarms went off. Not the kind that told him death was seconds away. It was the one that told him that danger was present and that the situation was highly combustible.
“There’s trouble,” Briksan announced.
“Of course there is trouble,” Dafur said, somewhat disgusted. He pushed through the tight space to the door. There were mops that leaned against the wall and metal buckets that were sacked on one another. He was careful to avoid hitting any of them. “We are in the east wing of the magistrate’s office. Vazumal and his men and his army of skeletons are in this building. So yes there is trouble; big trouble.” He produced a bunch of keys and unlocked the door, but didn’t open it. 
Briksan didn’t like being retorted, however, he kept calm. What with the urge coursing through his body, any wrongly directed outburst would end badly for everyone.
“The door to the underground stable is in the west wing.” Dafur faced them. His dark features were visible in the light entering the room from a small window above. “We have to cross the main block to get to the west wing. Those wraiths maybe dead, but they are not stupid. It won’t be long before they realize we are here. We need to act now.”   
“We need a plan,” Sam said. “We can’t just barge out without a plan.”
“What we need is a distraction,” Abigail said. She had bent and touched the marble ground for a moment, now she stood and said, “there are four men including Vazumal on the first floor of the main block. There are three men on the main floor and four men at the main gate. There are no men in the west wing. Wraiths are around the outer perimeter.”
“If that’s all, then we don’t need a distraction,” Briksan said. “We need stealth. Get the horses. I’ll meet you behind the main building.”
Briksan opened the door and entered the narrow corridor. Large paned windows lined the opposite wall. Through the window, he could see the moon like a smudge on the polished marble of the empty central courtyard. Briksan crept to the end of the corridor and peered around the corner. There was a large hall and three men idling around the door. Two of the men lay on benches bleary-eyed, while the other, an ebony skinned man, leaned against the lintel of the open door, staring out.  
The room was silent but their breathing was audible.
The men wore green, leather tops that continued several inches below their belts and black trousers. The belts around their waist hoisted their weapons.
Briksan pulled on his hood. He moved away from the corner and flowed into the hall, releasing his arrows as he went. The black man went down first. He took an arrow through his left eye. The other two caught arrows in their chests. They were dead within two seconds and with not so much as a squeak. The rhythm of the silence in the hall was maintained.
Abigail and the others came into the hall a moment later. They crossed the hall without a second glance at the corpses and disappeared around the corner of the west wing.
Briksan picked his way through the crisscross of benches to the far corner of the hall. He opened the door in the wall and tiptoed up two flights of stairs. The stairs opened to a large room. All four of the men in it wore the same green and black outfit. The person Briksan suspected was Vazumal sat in a king-sized chair at the head of a large round table. A burly man stood backing him and staring out of the window at the courtyard. One man sat at the table while another, a thin, delicate man paced at the side, obviously tensed. “Do you think they are dead?” He asked. “Kaza gave us strict orders. We cannot fail.”
“Be still, Golover,” Vazumal replied. “The wraiths will finish them off. It will be fine.”
No it won’t, Briksan thought. He bowed his arrow and focused it on Golover. The arrow shot through the air, soundless, and struck him in the chest.
Golover yelped, terror in his eyes. He dropped, dead. 
Briksan leapt into the room with the element of surprise still on his side. Not that it made any difference. The urge flowed through his body, he was invincible. He fired an arrow at the man sitting in the chair beside Vazumal before he could even turn to look at him
The burly man swung around and saw him. Briksan expected the man to charge him that’s why he didn’t drop him with an arrow. Instead, the man turned and dived through the window.
Typical, Briksan thought. He had to stop that man before he alerted the wraiths and brought Hell upon them.   
“Vigilante!” Vazumal drew his sword, enraged. He was taller and had a barrel-chested upper body. His rage twisted face exacerbated the horridness of the burn scar on his right face. “I will kill you and give your carcass to the dogs.” Vazumal spat and charged him.
The vigilante stood still more out of amazement than anything. He idly dodged Vazumal’s attack and grabbed his neck in a choke hold. Vazumal gasped for air and dropped his sword. When he remembered Dafur’s wife and children, Briksan’s anger rose, the urge grew stronger and his eyes reddened more. He raised Vazumal into the air, strengthening his choke-hold grip. Vazumal thrashed in desperation.
“For Yanus and Farah,” Briksan muttered to Vazumal. Vazumal’s eyes widened. Briksan snapped the man’s neck. His wide motions ceased instantly. Briksan threw Vazumal’s limp body aside like a ragged doll and ran for the window. He leapt through the broken glass, fell one storey and landed without a sound on the cold ground.
Then, there a horn blast. 
The thunderous sound reverberated across the courtyard. The building vibrated. His ears split. Briksan swung around. The burly man had somehow made it up to the corner of the roof where a large horn stood on a tripod stand facing the north. Briksan stretched his fiery bow and let the arrow fly. It struck the man at the base of his skull. He was dead before he fell forward against the horn.
Four men charged at him from the gate. Briksan dropped two with arrows through their head before they got within range. He met the other two with his flaming sword. The first one swung at his head. Briksan bent and slashed open his abdomen. Briksan continued forward without another glance to the dying man. He blocked the second’s attack and grabbed the man’s neck, snapped it as if it was a frail twig and threw the limp body on the ground.
Three wraiths bounded into the courtyard from outside.
Briksan moved backwards, his back to the gate. 
The wraiths advanced.
Briksan’s mind raced. Then, he heard the neigh of horses from behind the building. The wraiths heard it too and paused.
Before they could respond Briksan charged them. He leapt into the air before he got within range of their hands. He crossed the length of the magistrate office in the air and landed behind the building.
“Hia!” Abigail commanded her horse the moment she saw him. It galloped down the path that passed through the cluster of houses that spread before him. Lillian and Sam followed on different horses.
“Good luck,” Dafur said and handed him the reins of a white horse. He retreated to the building and disappeared behind a door.
Briksan mounted the horse and prodded its underside with his boots.  The horse broke into a gallop. The wraiths landed where they had been seconds ago. Briksan caught up with the rest of the group and together, they rode across narrow paths through the thick cluster of thatched huts, wooden buildings, and brick houses.
Villagers dived out of their path when they approached. They disappeared into their houses when the pursuing wraiths followed. The wraiths were no match for horses when it came to speed. They were constantly falling behind them. When they got to the edge of the village where it met with the black forest, the wraiths were nothing but an echo behind them. 
They raced into the black forest with the wind in their face. The forest was black as ever, darker than the night.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

The foursome continued northwards, towards the Evil Mountain, until they found the scattered remains of a campfire.
“Kaza’s men were here,” Abigail said, rising from stooping over the smoldering ashes. “They know we are coming.”
“The horn?” Sam asked from the top of his horse.
“Yes,” Abigail said. She mounted her horse. She looked at Briksan as if it were his fault. It was, probably. “We’ve lost the element of surprise,” was all she said. “Hia!”
They continued north.
They got to the end of the black forest around midnight and crossed into an endless stretch of desert land. The Evil Mountain constantly grew as they journeyed towards it, but it was still a distant sketch in the sky. They still had a long way to travel.
That day was the final day, the fifth day, the day when Kaza would sacrifice the children and possibly Rachael if he hadn’t already killed her. Briksan felt disconcerted. He didn’t know when exactly the sacrifice would be. He didn’t know if it would be at midnight, during the first few moments of a new day, or if it would be at first light. If he were to make a guess, he would guess first light, because the only god that connected Tabiva to Kaza was Panatrous, and Tabiva had wanted to sacrifice them to Panatrous at dawn. Kaza’s sacrifice to his god could very well be at dawn. That didn’t sit well with Briksan because dawn was a few hours away. And though they raced as fast as the horses would carry them; their clothes flapped, their hairs flailed, the wind rushed in their faces, a cloud of dust trailed their backsides. Still, they could not make it to the Evil Mountain in time. In fact, they might find it troublesome making it to the mountain today. If the sacrifice was truly at dawn, they had already lost.  
“Hia.” Briksan prodded the underside of the horse, his voice drowned by roar of the wind and the hooves of the horses. The horse gusted ahead for a while then receded to its previous speed. It was already racing as fast as it could.
Abigail came up beside him. “We’ll save them, Bri,” she yelled into the rushing wind. Briksan yelled back. “How do you know that?”
She shrugged. She didn’t know for sure.
Briksan recalled how Abigail had pulled them out of the tunnel filled with hounds with the wind. If she could do that, maybe, she could make the wind push them ahead not oppose their motion. “Can’t you use the wind to give us more speed?” 
“My control over the wind is limited and lasts for a short time. I can’t continuously bend the wind. Not like you.”
“That’s the problem,” Briksan replied. “If it’s something I can do—an ability that I have, then I don’t know how to use it.”
“I saw you turn into the wind, Bri,” Abigail noted.
“Yes, but I didn’t know until you told me. I’ve always thought it was Arashani helping me whenever the wind fought alongside me.” Controlling the wind wasn’t like leaping long distances or pulling weapons out of thin air. It was different. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
Briksan closed his eyes and tried for the umpteenth time to control the wind. The truth was he didn’t know how to do it. What to do next besides shutting his eyes. Should he have been shutting his eyes to begin with? When he turned into the wind, his eyes weren’t shut. When he fought the Latrogenes and the wind became a shearing vortex around him, his eyes were wide open.
Briksan focused on the rushing wind. It was a roar in his ears and a force against his body. If it were the weapons, all he had to do was twist his hands as he would if he held the weapon of his choice and it would materialize in his grip, fire-branded of course. If it were the leaps, all he had to do was simply jump. As for the wind, he had no clue.  
Briksan shut his eyes tighter, focused harder and willed the wind to their hinds. Nothing changed. He sighed, frustrated. He could still feel the urge, but it was mild. Blood had been spilt this night. Maybe that was the problem, he thought. Maybe he didn’t have enough of the urge to control the wind. If that was the case, then it was out of his hands. Briksan resigned to their speed.
As they journeyed, the unchanging, featureless moonscape changed. They were in the badlands region. Huge rocks dotted the arid terrain; some were as large as a hill, but all were sterile. The moonlight from the eastern moon pierced through the cloudless sky and cast shadows over them while they rode between two large ranges of rock formation. They continued down the path until Briksan saw light in one of the numerous caves in the rock. They slowed to a canter at Abigail’s signal. More lights came on in the dark caves and murmurings and shuffling could be heard from the caves on both sides. The lights were in pairs and looked like eyes—they were eyes.  Eyes that blazed yellow and red.
“I thought these regions are barren. What are those?” Briksan whispered to Abigail.
“The Jafaks,” Lillian replied from behind. “When we were little, my mother usually told I and my sister stories about them.”
“How did your mother know about them?” Sam asked from beside her.
Abigail and Briksan turned to face them
Lillian shrugged. “I don’t know. She died before I could ask her. But they’re here, aren’t they?”
“What did your mother tell you about them?” Briksan said.
Lillian looked up at the caves, then at the moon which was now closer to the horizon than to the zenith. “She said the Jafaks are a tribe of ruthless flesh eaters. They were banished to the barren lands where there are no flesh to eat. It happened centuries ago even before the Great Birth. At first they starved and died by the hundreds. But somehow, they managed to adapt, to feed on whatever they could find in the desert. Think what it means for them now to see flesh and blood walk through their camp.”
Briksan looked at the caves once more. His heart started to race. The pair of eyes had become the major feature of the brown rock formation. There must have been hundreds of them. If they were truly flesh eaters, then there was no way they would survive an attack.
If the creatures were flesh starved, then they should have fought each other to get to them. But eyes just watched them, lips just muttered, and legs just shuffled as Briksan and co cantered along. Judging from the average distance from the eyes to the floor of the caves, Briksan adjudged that the Jafaks were three to four feet tall.
“Hold on,” Sam said, “if these flesh eaters existed before the great birth then they are creatures of the Old World.”
The fear that resulted from Sam’s astute observation was palpable. 
“Creatures of the Old World,” Sam repeated with profound fear in his eyes.
Abigail remained silent, though she cast fearful glances at the rolling rock formation hedging them in.
“Why aren’t they attacking?” Briksan asked the obvious question.
No one answered. No one knew. 
There could have been several reasons why the Jafaks weren’t attacking. Maybe it was because they were waiting for the party to reach the slaughter point where all the members of the tribe would get their fair chance at human and horse flesh. Maybe they were waiting for a specific time when they would attack. Maybe they were waiting for their chief who wasn’t around. Briksan thought the third reason was improbable. Where would the tribal chief go in this desert? 
A thought crossed Briksan’s mind. What if Lillian’s mother had made up that entire story about the Jafaks? What if these were just desert creatures that were so petrified by human presence, they were too shocked to attack? 
Briksan realized Abigail hadn’t said anything. She hadn’t retorted Lillian’s claim. If Lillian were wrong, Abigail would have said something. She seemed unsettled by the Jafaks what with her frequent glances left and right. 
They crossed the Jafaks’ village without incidence.
The moment they cleared the rock formation, they accelerated to top speed and continued north. The sand dunes stretched endless before them and the Evil Mountain was a background in the sky. 
Abigail led them away from the hedging range of rock formation like the one they had just exited, lest they come across another Jafak colony. After they had ridden across the badlands for most of the early morning, Abigail signaled a stop.
“The horses are tired,” she said. “If we ride them any further, they might die of exhaustion. We rest and ride at first light.”
In spite of the urgency of their quest, no one objected. Dawn was only a few hours away, and they needed the rest.
They set up camp at the base of a dune.
Briksan led the horses around the dune until he found a large boulder. He tied the horses to the boulder and fed them. After, he ensured that the rope was tight enough. He returned to the camp. Abigail had already gotten a fire going. They sat, silent, around the fire.
Briksan settled on the ground beside Abigail. She handed him a large loaf of bread and water from a water skin. Briksan ate and stared into the flickering flames. He noticed the flame had no fuel source, no wood, no grass, nothing. The fire burned from the desert ground. Sorcery, Briksan noted, could be a great resource.
Briksan looked north at the Evil Mountain and said to no one in particular, “How long do you think it’ll take us to reach the mountain top?”
“If we leave at first light and continue at our fastest speed, then we should get there by noon,” Lillian said. 
“I do not think so, your majesty.” Abigail objected without shifting her gaze away from the flames.
“Why do you object?” Lillian asked, dismayed. “How long would it take us?”
“If we meet no further resistance, which I suspect is unlikely, we would get to the mountain by dusk or midnight tomorrow.”
“No.” Lillian’s shriek startled and surprised them. Her eyes were widened in disbelief; the kind that followed news of death of a family relative. “We cannot get there by midnight. By that time she would already be dead! They will all be dead and we would have come all this way for nothing!”
“We all know that, Lil,” Sam said, his eyes weary from their endless travel.
“No, you don’t,” Lillian retorted her reply with a high-pitched voice. “I cannot lose her again. I cannot.” Lillian would have stormed off if there had been a place to storm off to, but since they were in the middle of a desert, she dragged her sleeping pad away from the group and laid down, curving into a fetal position and sobbed.
Briksan found Lillian’s reaction odd and all the questions he had asked when Lillian first came to him plagued his mind. Why had she been so interested in the quest that she had forfeited everything including her life to go on the quest? What were the lives of twenty-six children and a lady from the north to the governor of the south? What connected Lillian to Rachael?
Silence continued for a while before Sam decided he wanted to sleep. He nodded to Briksan and Abigail before lying on his sleeping pad.
There was a silence.
“Bri,” Abigail said a moment later.
“Yes,” Briksan replied.
“I am a sorceress of Salcatrez. I took an oath to uphold and enforce the Sacred Laws. I will do that till my last breath. You know that, am I correct?”
Briksan swallowed. He avoided making contact with her eyes. He could feel her eyes on his face. “Yes sister, you are,” Briksan replied. Abigail was correct. He knew that he would have this conversation with her sooner or later. Very soon, battle lines would be drawn. The question he kept asking himself was could he defeat a sorcerer of Salcatrez? Briksan concluded that he could. But could he fight his sister? He wasn’t sure.
“You know that I can never condone Lillian’s relationship with Sam. It violates the seventh Sacred Law. With Nanthos’s awakening, the bind of the universe has become even more fragile. It wouldn’t take such violation as a violation of the seventh law. You know what I must do should they ignore my warning.” 
Briksan could never have missed the underlying threat. Abigail made it seem as if what would ensue would be what she was constrained to do by the oath she had sworn and not what she wanted to do. If Briksan fought her and she killed him, it wasn’t because she didn’t love him. It was because she was required to do so. It wouldn’t bother her conscience too much. And Briksan knew that sorcerer’s oaths especially those sworn by the sorcerers of Salcatrez, were almost unbreakable. To break the oath was to break one’s soul for it was bound to their souls.
Briksan shivered more from the thought than from the chilly, dry desert air. He knew a lot about not being able to escape from doing what you didn’t want to do; doing things that you didn’t want to do against your will. It was a terrible place to be. Briksan knew because that was where he lived. Regardless, he wouldn’t abandon Sam. He wouldn’t leave him to suffer the wrath of Salcatrez, sister or no sister.
“Why are you telling me all this?” Briksan’s voice rang the way he had intended, stolid. He hardened his expression to match his voice. Then, he turned to face Abigail. He wanted her to know in every possible way that it wouldn’t be that easy for her. There was something he too must do. And that was protect his friends.
Abigail caught his expression, but she pushed harder anyway. “I want you to stand down. Step aside for the good of Lazul. I do not want to fight you, Bri. You are my brother, my flesh and blood. I lost you once, I won’t do it again. I will not fight you, Bri. But there are some powerful witches in Salcatrez who would not show even the slightest restraint. Step aside, Bri.” Abigail’s eyes glistened in the moonlight. Her hands were clasped together before her. She wasn’t being haughty. She wasn’t commanding him to step aside or be destroyed. She was begging him.
Briksan turned away from her, tears forming in his eyes also. It was clear now. He and Abigail would not fight. Sorcerers would come for them from Salcatrez. Sorcerers who didn’t share her sentiments or her restraints. To refuse Abigail’s plea was to fail to see reason. And that was foolish. Abigail might have been the most powerful sorcerer on the island aside from the high priestess, but the idea of someone else coming for them from Salcatrez was unsettling. Better the devil you knew than the angel you didn’t know.
Regardless…
“I can’t Abigail, these are my friends.”
Abigail sighed and looked into the fire. “Then we are all doomed.”
Briksan frowned. “Why?”
Abigail turned to him again. 
He met her gaze.
Abigail squinted and looked at him in amazement. “You don’t know, do you?”
“Know what?” Briksan replied. His interest was piqued.
“Who Rachael really is?”
Briksan was about to reply that he did when suddenly he stopped short. 
The brain was a wonderful part of the body. The signs had been dropped here and there in such haphazard manner that a connection couldn’t be possibly made. But his mind had kept each piece of information knowing that one day the pieces would all fall into place. Now, they did. The pieces slowly came together in his mind. As they came together, Briksan rationalized them, making sure there was no other explanation. He suspected what conclusion the sequence of thoughts would lead to and dreaded it.
Abigail had no such apprehension. “Rachael is the lost heir of Shanitus and heir to the Tus throne,” she said.
Even though Briksan had suspected it, his suspicion didn’t preempt his reaction. Maybe it was the way Abigail said it or maybe it was because she had invoked Shanitus’ name. Nonetheless, the phlegmatic front he had earlier portrayed crumbled as shock and fear ripped through his being, finding expression in every part of his body: his trembling hands, his gaping mouth, his heaving chest. At first, his mind blanked. He just stared through the flames.
Silence.
“So that’s why Lillian…”
“Yes. She suspects Rachael is her sister.”
“How did she come by this suspicion?”
“I do not know. But do you know what this means for you? I know how you feel about Rachael and I suspect she feels the same way—”
She does
“—but it can never be. Salcatrez would have to be burned to the ground first before your union with Rachael will be allowed. Now that the lost heir of Shanitus has been found, if Lillian remains stubborn, the sorcerers of Salcatrez may wink at her and Sam. But as for you and Rachael, they would die first.”
Abigail’s words weighed heavy on him. His heart and mind was in turmoil. He had been a fool to dismiss the similarities between Rachael’s and Lillian’s eyes. Briksan knew the only sensible thing to do. But he couldn’t trust himself to do it. 
Briksan was bitter.
Then, he frowned. Why would Rachael let them fall in love with each other when she knew she was an heir of Shanitus? Briksan couldn’t accept that she hadn’t known. It was highly unlikely that she hadn’t known. But the more troubling question was why had she kept her identity a secret? What was she hiding? What—
“What are you going to do?” Abigail asked.
Briksan exasperated. He rubbed his left palm with his right index finger. His left chest burned with hurt. “I don’t know,” he whispered.
“That’s what I thought.” Abigail heaved a sigh. She reclined on her sleeping pad, putting both hands on her abdomen, and closing her eyes. The flames vanished. It left behind it a fading wisp of smoke.
Briksan searched the ground where the flames had burned. There was no sign of char or burnt residue. The ground was sandy brown like the rest of the desert floor.
“You will die, Bri,” Abigail whispered. “If you stand against the magi of Salcatrez and their high priestess, Laviola Managafe, you will die.”
Abigail’s warning chilled his spine. He lay back on his sleeping pad and stared up at the starless skies. There were light strokes of sunrays shooting from beyond the eastern horizon. Briksan wallowed in uncertainty. His mind rambled for a while, unfocused, undirected, until he fell asleep. 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Briksan felt a small tap at his shoulder. 
“Wake up Bri, it’s time to go.”
Briksan opened his eyes and wished he hadn’t. He shut out the blinding glare of the sun immediately. He rolled over and opened his eyes; they were still heavy with sleep. The sun was scorching hot and it wasn’t noon yet. Heat clung to him like a thick blanket, and his tongue and throat were already parched. Briksan rose, rolled his pad and stuffed it into his bag. Someone must have brought their horses around because his white horse stood beside him. Briksan circled the animal and secured his bag at its hind.
Abigail and Sam were going through the same motions while Lillian sat quiet on her brown horse. Her longing gaze was directed northward, towards her sister, Rachael. Her demeanor was calm despite her little outburst yesterday. If Rachael and the twenty-six children were still alive by this time, then the sacrifice was at dusk. That meant they had till nightfall to rescue them. At least, that was what he thought. 
Every second was crucial.
Briksan took out his water bottle from his secured bag. He wet his tongue and throat with a few drops first before he drank to his fill. 
Every second mattered. They could not afford to be delayed any longer. Briksan patted the horse’s neck and ruffled its hair. The horse whined in approval, huffed and stamped its hoof. Briksan looked north where the Evil Mountain was no longer an outline in the north but a gigantic structure. They were close.  
“Do not stop,” Briksan whispered into the horse’s ear after returning his water bottle to his bag. The horse hoofed the desert sand and whined in response, agitated, ready. Briksan steadied the horse and glanced at Abigail. She sat on her horse, looking at him. Briksan returned his gaze to the animal, reminded of Abigail’s last words to him earlier on. He mounted his horse.
And they continued northward.
This time, the winds were in their favor. They rode faster as the wind carried them. The sun arced across the sky as they rode. They stopped only once for ten minutes, and then they continued. As they journeyed towards the fortress, the mountain grew broader and larger until it was all they could see in the northern skies; a colossal mass of rock and green with its tip in the clouds. 
The sun descended, the landscape slowly changed and they were besieged by an army of wraiths.
Briksan first sensed the danger when he noticed the sun dropping. Once the others noticed it too, they pushed their horses harder, coaxing more speed out of their already exhausted transport. Briksan’s sense of danger intensified when the landscape began to change. First the dotted shrubs, then the low cut grasses; the desert was behind them. They had crossed out of the barren lands into the region surrounding the evil mountain. The moment the others noticed the green, they pushed even harder. They rode on grass for a while until a forest slowly rose out from the horizon. The Evil Mountain stood before them, in all its gargantuan and gloomy glory.
Abigail caught it before him. “Halt!” she shrieked.
Briksan’s response was immediate, more from provocation by Abigail’s deadly scream than from the alarms that went off in his head a moment after. He jerked the reins of the horse. Sam and Lillian responded in the same way. The horses skewed to a halt, whining and revolting all the way. When they had stopped, the horses jerked left and right, agitated.
The earth trembled.
A large crack appeared before the forest in the distance lining its length for a long way. There were tiny eruptions of liquid fire from the crack. A bright yellow, pale blue, almost indiscernible aura of fire surrounded each droplet. First, the wave of heat hit them; heat hotter than a noon sun. Briksan broke out in sweat almost immediately. Then, the smell hit them; sulfur and brimstone tainted with burning flesh and boiling blood. Then, the screams hit them; heart wrenching screams of agony.
Dismayed, Briksan stole a glance at Abigail to confirm his suspicion. She wore a look of abject terror.
Sam cursed.
Briksan turned his eyes back to the crack of doom, his body cold with fear despite the heat.
The wraiths did not walk out. They poured out, innumerable, like a swarm of ants climbing over a ridge.
Nobody moved. Nobody spoke.
Even if they hadn’t frozen for fear, what could they have done? What could they have said? They were doomed, and this was not a metaphorical saying. The crack of doom, the highway to Hell, was right in their front. They were really doomed.
A war cry and the sound of a gong came down from on high. Arashani and two other gods landed with an earth shaking thud in between them and the coming wave of destruction. The two other gods wore white, shiny armor and wielded huge shimmering swords while Arashani was resplendent, as usual, in white.
Arashani cocked her head backwards and her lips moved. The wind brought her instruction. “Go around.”
Briksan was about to protest. They were too close to the mountain. Going around would cost them precious time they didn’t have. But he realized that Arashani hadn’t spoken to him or any of them. She had spoken to their horses. Arashani waved her hand west, towards the dipping sun, and turned to face the oncoming wraiths. Strong winds whirred around them once and then the horse sped west into the sunset. They galloped with renewed vigor and greater speed no doubt energized by godly powers. The last Briksan saw of Arashani before she vanished beyond the horizon were two fiery knives—like his—forming in her grasp, and her beheading the first wraith to reach her. It fell dead.
When they had gone past the immediate threat of the wraiths, Briksan decided they didn’t need to continue around the mountain before they could approach it. He tried to stir his horse for a direct approach to the mountain. It didn’t bulge. He pulled back on the reins, trying to stop the horse. It didn’t respond.
“You can’t,” Abigail yelled from beside him. 
He looked. He and Abigail led, Lillian and Sam followed, and the forest was constantly to their right circling with them around the mountain.
“Why?” Briksan shouted above the roar of the wind.
“Arashani made it so. We have to follow the horses until they stop.”
Briksan tried one more time to stir the horse towards the forest and the mountain and not around them. There was no response. He was bound to the horse and to the path the horse would take. Briksan sighed and allowed the horse take him; not that it needed his permission.
At dusk, they got to the base of the northern face of the evil mountain.
The moon was rising in the west and Briksan could feel the urge rise with it. As they tied their horses to the trees, Briksan looked up at the mishmash of rocks and grasses. He wondered how long it would take them to get to the top. The sides of the mountain were darkly illuminated by the blue shimmer from the moon. The illumination was not enough for him to make out the details of the creatures that roamed the sides of the mountain, but it was more than enough for his arrows to find the mass of any creature that attacked them.
“How long?”
“What?” Briksan was a little startled. He hadn’t noticed Lillian standing next to him.
“How long will it take to reach the fortress?”
Briksan shrugged. He couldn’t say. The fact that he couldn’t see the fortress meant it was no less than two hours away. It could be anywhere between four hours and six hours. That was if they didn’t encounter any problems. 
“Maybe four, five hours,” Briksan said. Of course he could get to the top of the mountain a lot faster. He could get to the top within thirty minutes to one hour. But he needed their help to fight Kaza and his army, so he didn’t rush off.
“Do you think they are still alive?”
“I don’t know,” Briksan replied. He noticed Lillian’s shoulders slump and then said, “I hope so.” 
She gave him a wan smile.
“Ready?” Abigail called from behind.
They turned to face her. Sam stood beside Abigail, holding the only bag they would carry up the mountain.
Thick vegetation surrounded the mountain. There was a small track between the base of the mountain and the forest. It lined the base of the mountain in both directions from their current position. Abigail led them around the base of the mountain before they found trodden tracks that led up. Before they started up the track, Abigail bent and placed her right palm a few inches above the ground. She chanted for a brief moment. She then touched the ground and jerked a little. Her eyes shone with an ethereal light that immediately engulfed her body. 
They stepped back, startled and blinded by the sudden outburst. 
Abigail’s songlike chant strengthened, her voice clear, piercing the dead night. Then a streak of white light left her hand and snaked up the mountain within seconds, lighting up the ground as it went. It snaked down the path in the same time and entered Abigail’s hand.
Abigail stopped her chanting and the light around her vanished. She remained bent down for a while before she sighed and stood. She faced them. Her grim features were evident in the moon light.
“What was that? What is it?” Briksan asked, agitated. It wasn’t good for him to be agitated at this time of the day. The urge was already building up, getting stronger and stronger with each passing moment. Agitation, fear, panic, anger, these emotions could cause the urge to spike. If the urge spiked now, it wouldn’t go well for anyone.
“We may already be too late,” Abigail said.
Briksan’s heart climbed his chest.
“What do you mean?” Lillian stuttered.
Abigail turned to the mountain. “I sense that the children are alive, all twenty six of them. But preparations have already been made for the sacrifice. It will happen tonight. I sense Kaza, fifty men and two men who bear the curse of the sword.”
“Rabaka and Fabaka, the baka brothers,” Briksan muttered through clenched teeth and fisted hands. Anymore anger and he might not be able to hold back the urge.
Abigail gave him a curious look and continued. “There are dark creatures that currently roam the sides of the mountain. I might be able to lead us away from them, but there’s no guarantee it will work. We might not make it in time.”
“What about Rachael?” Lillian asked.
“What?”
“You said you sensed the children. What about Rachael? Didn’t you sense her?”
“No, I did not sense Rachael,” Abigail said.
“What does that mean?” Lillian asked.
“Frankly, I do not know,” Abigail replied. “There is a region in the fortress that was shrouded from me. She might be there.”
“Or she might be dead,” Briksan said, barely holding himself back. His eyes were bloodshot. His heart pounded. His head exploded with a cacophony of rage. It was a shame that if he lost it here and now, Kaza and his men would not suffer. He and his friends would.
“We better get moving,” Abigail said.   
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

Abigail led them up the mountain at breakneck speed. They ran along the path up the side of the mountain as fast as their legs could carry them, except Briksan. He could run ten times faster than they could. He could reach the summit over two hours before they could. But he didn’t. He needed them.
Running up the mountain with the air in their faces helped calm Briksan. The urge still burned along his veins, strong as ever, but he had control. The redness in his eyes had cleared a little, so he could make out the treacherous path on which they treaded. It was dusty brown, and it thinned as they climbed. All around them, there were grasses and outshoots of small trees with the occasional brown boulder. The whole mountain seemed to sway every time the wind blew because the leaves bent to the influence of the wind. Being under the soft glow of the rising moon, the movement had a soporific effect.
They got to the place where the road broke into several paths that moved away in several different directions. Without hesitation, Abigail broke left and led them round the mountain side rather than up. Nobody complained. 
They were now high up the mountain and almost in the clouds. The foot of the mountain was now a blur in the distance below. At that height, Briksan could see as far out as the outer edges of the desert. A huge sand storm was headed in their direction.
The road forked and Abigail led them through a right turn back up the mountain. They slowed to a trudge as the climb became precipitous. Abigail led the way, using her hands to climb. Briksan followed from the rear so he could support anyone who slipped. Once they got to the point where they couldn’t possibly continue without slipping and falling, they found stones hewn into the sides of the mountain. They climbed on, much slower, laboring over the stones.
Time passed and the moon rose higher. The urge slowly rose and burned within him as they got to an edge. The mountain flattened before them for less than six meters before rising again. The level ground on which they stood was stone hard and dirty brown. Hewn at the sides of the new rise was a steep ladder made of white stones. Briksan’s eyes followed the ladder up. He knew the others wouldn’t see it, but he saw the black spires of Kaza’s fortress. They were close.
“How was he able to get them all up here?” Lillian asked, gasping for air. The air around them was thin and cold. Below, the ground was occluded by thick clouds.
“Sorcery,” Sam suggested. 
They started for the ladder when Briksan noticed that Abigail still stood at the edge of the mountain.
“Sadly, there are no godly powers beyond this point. I will be of no use to you as a sorcerer hereon,” Abigail said.
“Then you will need a weapon.” Briksan responded, gesturing to Sam.
Sam dropped his bag, pulled out Briksan’s Salcatrezan weapon, and handed it to him.
Abigail nodded, left the edge and approached him. She collected the long white slab and held it in her right hand. She smiled and said, “I am handy with a sword.” Briksan would later discover that that was a gross understatement.
Before they could start their climb, there was a roar. An eight feet tall monstrosity ran around the side of the mountain and charged at them.
All night long, Briksan had repressed the urge with flaking bonds. But when he saw that thing (he wasn’t sure what to call it), part man, part beast, with black spikes for furs and air tearing fangs, the urge spiked. There was a slight tremor in the earth but Briksan wasn’t looking.
He leapt towards the creature and released three arrows at it before he got to the top of his ascent. The fiery arrows struck the creature and solidified, but did no harm. The creature leapt to meet him mid-air. His fiery sword formed in his hand as he got ready to swing. Sam’s cry of pain pierced through the air, followed by Lillian’s shrill scream. But what distracted Briksan from the oncoming onslaught were the blast of scorching heat and the resounding wails of agony. He turned to see Sam’s limp body being dragged by a wraith into a crack of doom that had appeared inches before where he had stood. Abigail and Lillian pulled at Sam’s hands, Lillian crying and screaming, but the wraith was stronger.
The impact of the creature caused his bones to shudder. If it hadn’t been for the urge, they would have shattered and he would have died instantly. He hit the side of the mountain and fell to the ground. His head tumbled and his eyes blacked for a second. When it returned to its previous red, Briksan saw the creature bound for him. Briksan rolled to the edge, missing the creature’s landing by a knife’s width. The creature rebounded against the mountain side and leapt for him. That was its mistake; a foolish one at that. Briksan rolled away from the edge. The creature landed on the edge with more of its mass off the edge than on the flat ground. Briksan rolled towards it and kicked into its mass. The creature tumbled over the edge, roaring into the night.
Briksan stood and ran to help Abigail and Lillian. He stopped short. Sam was gone along with the wraith and the crack of doom. Lillian knelt where the crack had been, weeping over Sam’s shirt. Abigail knelt beside her, her head bowed in shame. Briksan staggered back, his eyes unfocused. His shoulders sagged, so did his heart, where he could feel a sharp pain. He fell to his knees and wept. 
Sam was gone.


The sound of drums, rolling down from the top, stirred them out of their misery and gave them impetus for action. The sacrifice had begun.
Briksan picked himself from the floor. His grief had already turned to anger, and the urge fuelled by his anger caused his body to bristle with a red shimmer. His muscles were tense, pulsing with ethereal power. His eyes were the color of blood. Tonight, he would spare no one. He would avenge Sam’s death that way.
Briksan glanced at Lillian to see if they were in agreement. If he hadn’t wanted the same thing she did, he would have been shocked by what he saw. Her saintly personality was gone. Her diplomatic mien, the thing that marked her off as having a regal birth wherever she went, was gone. Lillian stood with her sword already drawn, held by tightened fingers. Her carriage was akin to that of one with intent to murder. There would be no mercy today; her stony eyes said it all. She nodded at him. He nodded in response. It was all he needed.
Briksan took a cursory glance at Abigail. The Salcatrezan weapon was at full length. She was ready.
Briksan led them up the ladder. 
The closer they got to the top, the louder the sound of drums became. Once Briksan got to the top of the precarious climb, he pulled himself up the edge and peered above it. The huge fortress was built into the mountain with its roof merging with the top of the mountain. The black spires of the two towers at opposite ends of the fortress rose higher than the mountain. The fenceless yard before the fortress was deserted. 
They climbed up and cautiously approached the door into the building. Not only could they hear the drums, but also they could feel the vibrations it caused. The brick and mortar tower walls looked old yet solid. As they neared the large wooden door, the vibrations intensified.
“What’s our plan?” Abigail asked.
“Kill them all,” Lillian replied.
Briksan searched the building for another entrance. He noticed faint light shooting up from somewhere on the roof. He called their attention to it. “There should be an opening into the fortress there. I’ll go in through there and attack first, to get their attention on me. The moment I begin my attack, come in and secure the children.”
“What about Kaza and the godly powers he wields?”
Briksan directed the question to Abigail.
“The time I scanned the building,” Abigail said, “Kaza didn’t seem to be wielding the power personally. I sensed the power in the northwest corner of the building. It shrouded that area. That is where I think Rachael is being held. It is from that area that the shield against the gods is being generated. Whatever you do Bri, don’t let Kaza get to the power and use it. We can’t fight it.”
“What about the Baka brothers?” Lillian asked. “They have the curse too.”
“They are mine,” was all he said. Briksan leapt three storeys and landed on the roof of the fortress. Aside from the towers on both sides, the rest of the surface was flat; about three thousand square foot of concrete roofing. Somewhere to his left was a small hatch and a metal barricade.
Out of habit, Briksan bent and crossed the roof to the hatch. He knew the Baka brothers also had an early warning system, so he cleared his mind of all malicious intent he had towards them. That way, they wouldn’t sense him coming. He pulled on his hood, pulled open the small metal gate and lowered himself into the opening. He landed on a metal catwalk that lined a portion of the wall. Below him, the fortress spread in all directions, a huge room. They had made a mistake to think the building was divided into partitions.
There was a dais at the northern end of the building. Kaza sat in the chair clothed in a red, regal attire. The Baka brothers stood beside him, their sleeveless brown jackets revealing toned, buff muscles. Scattered around the cavernous room were wooden storage boxes, metal railings and boulders. Kaza’s men were strewn around the room in a similar manner, roaring, chanting and drumming in their green and black outfit. There were bon fires everywhere. The sacrifice was underway.
The children were huddled against one another in a large clearing near the main entrance. Their bodies were wet. They were surrounded with the familiar white sorcerer’s stone. The men that surrounded them held long, thin knives. The children had bruises all over their bodies, some had swollen eyes, but they were all alive and accounted for.
Just as Abigail had predicted, Briksan saw Rachael at the northwest corner of the building. She hovered several feet in the air in a blue-white shimmering cocoon. Her purple gown was loose around her body as though she were under water. The shimmering covered the whole northwest corner. Rachael’s eyes were glazed over and lacked pupils. Below her feet was a fist sized diamond that stood on its tip. It was from its top that the white-blue cocoon emanated. The shroud Abigail had talked about, Briksan noted. 
From the far distance, Briksan noticed the slow rise and fall of Rachael’s chest. He was relieved to see that she was still alive.
All of a sudden, silence swept through the cavernous room. Briksan jerked his head towards Kaza. He was now standing with his hands stretched in a ‘silence’ gesture. The only ones that defiled the silent command were the children. They continued to gasp and sob.
“Today, we become as the gods,” Kaza bellowed. His men roared in response. The drums rolled. After a while, Kaza raised his hands and they fell silent.
“Ready yourselves my men. Soon, the creature, Nanthos, the destroyer of the elder gods, shall arise and destroy the gods. Our sacrifice to Panatrous tonight shall not only protect us from the wrath of Nanthos. It shall also seal our fates—our destinies—as gods of the new age; a new age that has alighted upon us. Look at yourselves my friends, look at yourselves my brothers, look around you. Today, we may call this barren rock home, but tomorrow, we shall walk the paths trodden only by gods. Do not look surprised that I no longer call you men but brothers and friends. I call you brothers for tonight, we shall all drink of the same blood and share the same wine. Tonight we shall truly be free!”
The clamor and drumming that followed Kaza’s speech caused the hollow building to tremor. Kaza stretched his hand sideways amidst the uproar and someone rushed forward and handed Kaza a bow and an arrow with its tip set on fire. It was then that Briksan realized what was about to happen. The children weren’t wet with water; they were wet with a flammable substance. Kaza was about to offer a burnt offering to Panatrous.
Briksan’s heart raced. He had to act fast.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY

Kaza raised his free hand and silence reigned once again. Even the children were quiet this time.
“Oh great Panatrous, ruler of the underworld, accept our sacrifice this night. Let this be a source of power to you that Nanthos may truly rise.” He pulled the bow and let the arrow loose.
Briksan pulled his bow and let loose.
The fiery arrow caught the fired arrow mid-air and destroyed it.
“It’s the vigilante,” someone shouted.
Briksan stretched a fiery bow once more. The arrow found the man that had shouted.
Terror swept through the hall.
The double doors lurched open and Lillian and Abigail ran in and engaged Kaza’s men.
Briksan stood and ran down the catwalk. At the end of the catwalk, he leapt against the wall and vaulted away, towards Kaza. A long, fiery sword in his hands and a red shimmer surrounding his body, arrows zipped past Briksan. Fabaka and Rabaka formed around Kaza, long, fiery swords forming in their hands. 
Briksan crossed over them and landed before the white-blue cocoon.
“No!” Kaza shrieked.
Briksan brought his sword down on the white stone. On contact, it sparkled brilliantly. The shimmer vanished. Briksan caught Rachael’s body before it hit the ground. He picked the stone, leapt across the room and landed beside Abigail, near the main entrance. The men that had surrounded the children were now dead on the ground.
Briksan laid Rachael on the floor, tucked the stone into his pocket and stood to meet the rushing men. Abigail and Lillian fought at his side.
The remnant of Kaza’s force came at them blindly. They paid for it with their lives. Briksan and the women with him cut through Kaza’s force littering the hall with dead bodies and body parts. In a minute, what remained of Kaza’s force was Kaza himself and the Baka brothers. Briksan and Abigail engaged the Baka brothers while Lillian charged Kaza. Their sword fight stretched longer than Briksan cared for, but the Baka brothers were formidable foes. Abigail amazed him. With the magic barrier down, Briksan had expected Abigail to fight Fabaka with her magic. Instead, she met Fabaka’s fiery blade with her Salcatrezan weapon and dealt out blows with amazing strength and dexterity.
Briksan was worried that the gods hadn’t showed up yet. With the barrier down, they should have been here by now. Where were they?
Rabaka struck. Briksan blocked. Their swords locked, as did their eyes. Rabaka’s eyes were as red and as evil as his.  
“It’s over Rabaka,” Briksan barked, resisting Rabaka’s push. “You have lost. Your men are dead. The barrier is down and the gods will be here any moment. Surrender and I will make your death swift.”
Rabaka smirked. “I must say Bri, you’ve grown stronger—stronger than I remember. But you are still no match for me. Nanthos will rise. There’s nothing you or the gods can do about it. You might as well die here and save yourself the agony.”
Briksan pushed the sword and struck again. Rabaka blocked. 
Rabaka laughed. “Where are your gods?” he jeered. “Where are they? The days of the gods are at an end. The days of men—”
Briksan smashed his head into Rabaka’s face. Rabaka recoiled in pain, his nose bloodied. He was about to advance when Abigail screamed. Briksan turned to see his sister fly across the room and crash into a wooden box. She clutched her left arm where blood had soaked her cloth.
Fabaka had already taken off at breakneck speed towards Rachael and the children in the far corner. Rachael had recovered and had interposed her body between the children and Fabaka. Briksan saw that she had no weapon. She was going to die.
The events that followed were a blur. Briksan knew he couldn’t get to Rachael before Fabaka got to her; Fabaka was faster than he was. He let go and allowed the urge to permeate him. The urge didn’t spike this time, it overshadowed him. Time slowed and Briksan spirited to Rachael. He raised his sword and blocked Fabaka’s strike. Fabaka recoiled from the force of impact and shock.
Briksan walked towards Fabaka. He noticed Rabaka running towards them in the background. Fabaka swung his sword at him. Briksan caught the fiery blade with his bare hands and beheaded Fabaka with his sword.
Rabaka’s dumb shriek announced his coming. Briksan blocked the attack. 
Briksan’s counter attack was too fast for Rabaka to catch. Briksan’s sword struck his neck only severing his windpipe. Rabaka gurgled blood. Then, Briksan swung him around and thrust his sword up Rabaka’s spine ripping it left and right. Rabaka crumpled to the ground. Briksan closed his eyes and let go of his sword. He then turned to face Rachael and she ran into his arms, startling him. She buried her head in his chest and sobbed quietly. Briksan comforted her. The warmth of her body pressed against his calmed the urge.
“I knew you would come,” Rachael whispered, “I knew.”
Ahead Kaza shrieked.
Briksan looked. 
Kaza was bloodied on the ground, and his sword was out of his grasp. Lillian, barely bruised, towered over him, her sword poised to deal a mortal strike.
Kaza let loose a guttural laugh. “Fools! You have no clue what has begun. My death will make no difference. You can’t stop what has begun.”
Abigail stood from where she had fallen. The blood still tainted her cloth but with the way she carried it, her hand seemed to have healed.
Together, Briksan and Rachael approached Kaza.
“I do not care to stop what is coming,” Lillian replied. Her eyes were narrow but expressionless. “I only care to kill you. Because of you, Sam Lupest is dead.” Lillian struggled not to cry. She failed. “You took my sister. You held these children against their will. You murdered innocent villagers at Gyarunge.”
There was a silence. 
Briksan could feel Lillian’s anger.
“As governor of the south and head of the council of governors, I pass my sentence. You shall die by the sword.”
Lillian’s sword glowed. She raised it.
“Don’t kill him!” A voice rumbled through the empty room.
Briksan swiveled. All over the fortress, there were flashes of light as the gods arrived. Arashani was the seventh to appear. She stood before the dais where she stared at them, silent. The other gods also stared at them, silent. They were aglow with white garments, golden waist bands, and brown sandals on their feet. They were beautiful beings.
Another god appeared beside Arashani. Then, Briksan’s face found the floor as he fell prostrate before the king of the heavens. Rachael behaved more imperial. She knelt to one knee before the council of nine. Briksan heard Lillian’s sword clatter to the ground behind him.
“Lord Petrous.” Briksan heard Rachael speak. “Lillian Shanitus is the governor of the south and leader of the council of governors. She has decreed Kaza’s death. It must come to pass. Why do you interfere?”
Briksan’s heart froze. Had Rachael lost it? What was she doing talking to the king of the heavens that way? He may have saved her from the Baka brothers, but he couldn’t fight a god, talk more of the king of the gods!
“I am well aware of the Sacred Laws, Rachael, daughter of Shanitus,” Petrous replied. “I was there when the pact was formed hundreds of years before you were born.” Petrous chided. “The decree shall come to pass. But not yet.”
Petrous then said a little louder, “Let this serve as a witness to the council that Panatrous has betrayed us. He has connived with mortals to instigate the awakening of Nanthos. I hereby proclaim him an enemy of the gods.”
The gods whispered among themselves.
“Arise,” Petrous commanded.
They obeyed.
“The children shall be returned to their homes by the hands of the gods.” Panatrous shifted his gaze to Briksan. He had deep set eyes that had a ring of fire around the pupils. “Briksan Sarkson, have you accepted to take the chance of saving mankind by stopping Nanthos?”
“What?” Rachael gasped. She turned to face him, shocked. “What does he talk about?”
“Yes,” Briksan replied the god, looking away from Rachael.
Rachael faced Petrous. “I will follow him.”
Petrous cocked his eyebrow in amazement.
“No,” Briksan simply said.
“I’ve made up my mind,” Rachael said.
“She cannot go,” Abigail said. She strode from behind and stood beside Briksan.
“What do you mean I cannot go? Who are you?” Rachael asked with a frown.
Abigail bowed her head. “My name is Abigail Sarkson, sorceress of Salcatrez.”
Rachael’s eyes widened before she said to Briksan, “Your sister?”
“I recently discovered. She helped us escape from Tabiva’s lair.”
Rachael said to Abigail, “Why can’t I go with him?”
“Briksan goes into the depths of the underworld to search out the beast, Nanthos. You are barely capable of wielding a sword. What will you do when a horde of wraiths attack you? You will get Briksan killed trying to protect you.”
“She’s right,” Arashani spoke for the first time. “You shall be returned to Omnitus Prime by the hands of the gods. I have spoken.”
Rachael was dissatisfied, but she kept silent.
“I will help my brother,” Abigail said to the gods, “but I must first return to Salcatrez. The magi must be informed of what has transpired here, of Panatrous’s treachery, and of what is to happen.”
“Very well,” Petrous said.
Without any audible instruction from Petrous, three gods surrounded the children. They vanished with a flash. The three remaining gods approached them.
“Wait,” Lillian said. “I will go with Briksan.”
The gods stopped short and glanced at each other in uncertainty.
Both Rachael and Briksan swiveled around to face Lillian. Both Rachael and Briksan were shocked.
“Why, sister? I will not allow it.” Rachael rushed to her younger sister, and they hugged. The sisters were similar in a lot of ways. They had identical eyes; green with specks of yellow at the edges.  Rachael was every bit as shapely and beautiful as her younger sister. A trait they had both gotten from their mother.
“Why did you and mother leave?” Lillian cried.
“Oh, Lilly,” Rachael whispered, “not a day went by that we did not miss you. But it had to be done. One day it will all be clear, but that day is not now. Come with me back to Omnitus Prime.”
Lillian broke the embrace and wiped her tears. “This has to be done also.” She stepped back from Rachael and said, “I hereby relinquish to you this day, Rachael Shanitus, first born of Shanitus and heir apparent to the throne, the rights of the first born.” A fist-sized orb of fire passed out of Lillian and entered Rachael’s chest. A crown of golden light flashed on Rachael’s head.
Lillian bowed. “Your Majesty,” she said, smiling through the stream of tears on her face.
Abigail and Briksan bowed as well.
The gods approached.
Rachael said to Lillian. “I love you Lilly, always remember that.”
Lillian nodded.
Rachael turned to face Briksan. “Be safe.” She would have said and done more, but the presence of the gods repressed her. Their illicit relationship was against the seventh Sacred Law. If the gods found out, Briksan would pay dearly.
One of the gods touched her and she vanished in a shaft of light. 
Briksan was blinded by the light for a moment. When his eyes cleared, only he, Lillian and Arashani remained in the room.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

“Follow me,” Arashani said, turning and striding towards the double doors.
They walked into the chilly night and stopped at the center of the compound. The full moon was at its apex.
“Any questions?” Arashani said, facing them.
“Yes,” Lillian replied. “How do we fight the wraiths?”
“Once through the crack of doom, any weapon you wield will destroy the wraiths. Though, their touch will still disembody your souls permanently.”
“How do we find Nanthos?” Lillian asked.
“Once in the underworld, the gods will be of little assistance. First, go to the Lagmark prisons. There you will find the blacksmith. Only he can know what the stone you carry is and how to use it against Nanthos. Tell him who you are and he will help you. After that, head south. Nanthos is south.
Arashani glanced at Briksan. “Any questions?”
“Will the curse have effect in the underworld?”
Arashani appeared thoughtful for a moment. “Yes, it will. But there will be no respite for you. There are no days in the underworld, only darkness. Darkness illuminated by rivers of fire. You will always experience the urge as long as you are in the underworld.”
“Why can I control the wind?”
“It’s part of the curse.”
In the absence of further questions, Arashani raised her hands to the sky. A lightning storm began. The winds stirred boisterously around them. Arashani then pointed her hands to the ground. Lightning struck the ground. The ground parted. A blast of heat and wails of agony came forth from the crack. A dusty staircase led down the crack into the underworld. “The stairs will lead to the underworld. It will take you to the valley of dry souls. From there you must seek the blacksmith at the Lagmark prisons.”
Arashani said to Lillian, “I can still return you to Omnitus Prime. You do not have to do this.”
Lillian shook her head. “I have to.”
Arashani nodded. “Then, good luck. The crack will seal up the moment you pass through.”
Light flashed around Arashani’s form, and when it vanished, it vanished along with her.
Briksan stared blankly at the lightning storm in the sky. Lillian stood, silent, beside him. The urge was alive in him, powerful as ever, but the craving to kill was minimized. He was in charge. He had saved Rachael. He had stopped Kaza. He would stop Nanthos, somehow.
“What do you think the gods want with Kaza?” Lillian asked.
“Interrogate him about Panatrous,” Briksan replied. “Afterwards, I don’t know. Why?”
“A thought,” Lillian said. “He may have been to the underworld before. He may know his way around—shortcuts, wraith movements, secret passageways.”
Briksan nodded. “We’ll find a way.”
After a while, he said, “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” Lillian replied.
Together, they trod down the dusty staircase to Hell.

###

Thank you for purchasing and reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.

Thanks!

Kachi Ugo

WAR OF THE ONE THOUSANDS 

AN EXCERPT

CHAPTER ONE

Since Peter Zasky had returned from Wizzio, he found it difficult to sleep. Images of his bloodcurdling experience in Wizzio haunted his nights and kept him awake. The times he managed to sleep, his sleep lasted only an hour or two and took a sort of staccato pattern. When he managed to sleep, he had nightmares. Nightmares of him dying at the hands of dark wizards or evil beastly creatures.
One recurring nightmare was about when he was back in the classroom conjured by one of the dark wizards, trying to rescue his son, Simon. He would always navigate the tortuous path created by the metal desks arrangement on his knees, a ravaging battle between the wizards above him, only to get to his son’s seat and find out he had been ripped apart by a dark wizard. Peter’s eyes would rain and his heart would ache, from dream to reality.
Peter felt cursed; cursed with the knowledge of Wizzio; cursed with the knowledge of magic. He felt like his whole world was falling apart, like he was losing his mind, since he had returned from Wizzio three weeks ago. 
Right now, it was seven in the morning. Peter had been awake since three. June was asleep beside him, her head and thick blonde hair resting on his chest. Sunlight poured into the medium-sized bedroom from the large window to his right. It reflected against the life-sized mirror on his left and made the blue paint of the room look white. 
Peter lived with his wife and son in Maine. It was one good thing that had happened to him since Wizzio. He and June had reconciled. He had quit his job and had moved in with her. Although he still owned his sprawling mansion on Parkwood Street in Brooklyn, New York. Peter had gotten a new job that allowed him leave home late and return early. 
One other good thing that had happened to him since Wizzio was that the block in his heart had disappeared and his cholesterol levels were normal. He was perfectly healthy. He discovered recently, during the mandatory physicals for his new job. It must have been the healing potion James had given him when he had broken his arm in Germany. The potion had not only healed his broken bones, but also healed his heart and cleansed his blood.
Thinking about James, Peter had not spoken to him in three weeks. In fact, Peter hadn’t spoken to any wizard since he had returned to earth. The truth was that Peter itched to get back to Wizzio regardless of his mild aversion for magic (the aversion was because of his nightmares). He itched to help them in the coming war even though he didn’t see how he could be of any assistance. The war of the one thousands was an unwinnable war. Though Count Luziver, dark count and master of the dark wizards, had lost with the great meld, he could never lose with the war of one thousands even if he tried to. The days of good and justice in Wizzio as Peter had come to know it was at an end. The Sacred Order would never survive and Peter couldn’t do a thing about it. He couldn’t go to Wizzio and help out…Well, not that he couldn’t. He could. He had his wand and his robe in the drawer in the corner of the room and he knew the spell.
Peter raised his left hand into the rays of light that flooded the bed and observed the magically etched inscription on his wrist. He could still not understand what it said, but he knew it showed that he was a wizard of the first order. So he could go anywhere in Wizzio. The problem was Maldrom had banned him from setting foot on Wizzio. Maldrom had specifically instructed him to remain on earth and protect his family, especially Simon. Maldrom had said that as long as Count Luziver was at large, Simon was in grave danger. The dark wizards were everywhere and were still loyal to Count Luziver. Peter had to remain on earth and protect his family.
Peter had complained to Maldrom. He had told Maldrom that he was no match for several dark wizards coming against him at once. It was as good as leaving his family undefended. Maldrom had then forged a bond between him and Simon. Peter could access a measure of Merlin’s power and use Merlin’s wand without Simon’s blood. Any dark wizard that dared attack his family wouldn’t know what hit him.
But still, Peter longed to be in Wizzio.
The doorbell rang thrice, but Peter didn’t go to see who it was. He heard the bell, but he was too deep in his thoughts to process what he was hearing. At the fourth ring, June grumbled.
“I’ll get it,” she mumbled and sluggard out of bed. She went out the room wearing only a white T-shirt that barely covered her upper thighs. June left the room sleepy-eyed, but after about one minute, she returned with every trace of sleepiness vanished from her eyes. From the concerned look on her face, Peter knew something was wrong.
“They’re here, Peter. James and the other wizards are here,” June said. “It doesn’t look good, baby. Something is wrong.”
Peter got out of the bed. He knew they would come, finally. He didn’t know it would take this long. “I’ll be with them in five minutes. Get Simon ready to leave.”
“We’re leaving now?”
“They are here babe,” Peter replied. “It has started. It’s no longer safe for you and Simon here.”
June didn’t reply. Peter could tell she didn’t like it. He hoped she could tell that he didn’t like it either. 
She turned and left the room.
Peter took a hurried bath, wore a rumpled blue polo shirt, a pair of black jeans and snickers, and went down to the dining room to meet his friends. James Walden, Bella Laquine, Jason Zeebel and two other kids whose names Peter didn’t know cluttered the dining room. They wore brown gowns that showed that they were wizards of the order (like law enforcement agents). When Peter saw the look on their faces, he knew something was terribly wrong. They wore long tired faces and Peter could sense their depression and desperation.
He was about to say something when James raised his left hand to his lips in a shush gesture and pulled out his wand from his robe with his free hand. His eyes began to burn gold as he whirled his wand above his head. The tip of the wand glowed white and he muttered. “Illumino…Silencio.” The white glow sparked and died. Following that, a thick blanket of darkness descended in the house.
Surprised, Peter looked at where the window should have been, but saw only darkness. Darkness had descended on the whole neighborhood. For how wide, Peter could not tell.
“All right guys,” James said in the darkness. “Light up the house.”
Together, Jason, Bella and the other two wizards spelled. 
“Illumino.”
Four pairs of eyes glinted gold in the darkness. Four wand tips sparked brightly, twice, and then filled the room with light. The two other wizards threw their hands towards the door leading into the living room. The light at their wands’ tips shot out, shot into the living room and headed upstairs. Jason and Bella swung their wands as well. One light went into the living room and lit it up while the other shot to the ceiling of the dining room providing them with light.
Peter glanced at James for an explanation of what had just happened.
“Even light tells tales,” James said. James looked the same. Slender, tall, long fingers, eyes that burned with mental concentration. The only thing different was the beard. It was gone. And his long hair made him look imperial and beautiful.
Peter invited them to sit around the table. They did, except the two kids. James explained that they were wizards of the first order and could not sit amongst them. When Peter pointed out that he too was a wizard of the first order, James conceded. But he explained that since Peter had a measure of Merlin’s power surging through him, he was as high ranking as a senior wizard if not a seventh order wizard.
When they had all seated around the table, Peter spoke first. “It’s great to see you again.”
“Same here, Peter,” James said. “I wish we had come under better circumstances, but it’s really terrible. Wizzio is falling apart.” The tone in James voice told Peter all he needed to know about just how bad it was. And from the look on their faces, it was about to get a lot worse.
Peter asked James, “What did you mean by light tells tales?”
“What we are about to tell you is a secret,” James answered, “It could very well determine if Wizzio stands or if it falls. There are some people that might be listening in, so I have cast a covering spell. Whatever is revealed here stays here.”
“But that’s just the lights or sight,” Peter said. “What about the walls? What about sound? And the air?”
This time, Bella replied. She was as beautiful as Peter remembered; a tall elegant brunette with an oval face and a toothy grin. “The lesser is included in the greater,” she said. “The highest form of eavesdropping is using the lights to see, hear and feel. Once the light is silenced, all other forms become null and void.”
Oh, Peter thought. For James to have gone through all that trouble to conjure such a powerful spell, Peter wondered what secrets they could possibly know. And if these secrets could help them save Wizzio, then he was definitely interested.
“Peter, Wizzio is falling apart. The situation is more terrible than we expected.” This came from Jason, the sandy haired nineteen year old son of count Zeebel; witch of the seventh order and member of the Sacred Order. He continued. “The Sacred Order is tasked beyond their capacity trying to maintain law and order in all five realms. The senate is in an upheaval. Wizards are choosing sides and dark wizards are springing up from everywhere. These dark wizards are casting spells that have not been cast for several thousand years. The very balance of magic is about to be tipped. There’s chaos across cities in Wizzio. It’s our end of days, Peter. Our end of days.”
Peter’s mood darkened with each word. Wizzio was as much his home now as earth was. His home was falling apart and he had to do something about it. But the way Jason gave the information, the tone in his voice, the water in his eyes, the pain bleeding through his voice suggested to Peter that there was nothing to be done for Wizzio. It made sense. Whatever Maldrom and the Sacred Order were doing, it was useless. The war of one the thousands could not be won. They were doomed. 
However, Peter knew James and his company had not broken protocol just to come to his house and whine. He suspected they had a plan—a way to save the order. Whatever it was, Peter concluded from their grim looks that it had only a slight chance of success. Maybe so slight that it was bordering on foolishness.
While Jason had been talking, June had walked into the room. She stood in the door and listened. Whatever decision would be made here depended on her. James and the others had come for him. If he refused to help, June could persuade him to help. If he agreed to help, June could dissuade him from going. James understood this which is why the next time he spoke, he spoke not to Peter alone, but to June as well.
“Peter, we need your help,” James started. “Seven days from now, on the day of the summer solstice, the war will begin. Maldrom has kept most of the dark wizards away from earth. But he weakens every moment. It won’t be long before earth is deluged with dark magic. If Wizzio falls, earth will fall first.”
“So what can we do?” Peter whined. He was mildly upset that James would try to coerce his cooperation with the threat of earth’s destruction, even though Peter suspected that the allusion was directed to June.
From then on, the secret spilled out in hushed tones.
Bella started. “The day the war of one thousands was declared, Maldrom had us second order wizards scour the library for more information about the war.”
Jason continued. “We read every script, every paper, every parchment, every book and searched for days until I found the Tozar—”
Bella cut in. “The book of ancient sorcery. He found it in the forbidden section of the library. The only reason why he wasn’t punished was because the library is in his mother’s realm.”
“Yeah, well, as I was saying,” Jason continued with a rough glance at Bella. “I found the Tozar. Though I didn’t find any information regarding the war itself, I did find something interesting.”
“Every spell,” Bella continued, “as long as it was cast by a wizard wielding a wand can be ended by concluding the wizard.”
Peter understood the specific use of ‘concluding’ rather than ‘killing’ or ‘destroying.’ Peter had used the concludo spell to prevent the great meld. But he had used it on the Sapphiregrum. He wondered what effect the spell would have on a wizard. It would certainly not be pleasant, that was if it didn’t kill the wizard first.
“When we got this information,” James said, “we figured since Luziver used Merlin’s wand to cast the spell of the one thousands, we could prevent the war by concluding him.”
“But when we shared our findings with the Sacred Order,” Bella continued, “they informed us that Luziver could not be located. They had used all tracking spells known to wizards and had failed to find him. It’s as if he had fallen off the face of the universe.”
Peter sighed. Back to square one.
“They said they were able to locate Krastov, Luziver’s right hand man,” Bella said, “but he had taken refuge with the wizards of Eingrad and they had refused to hand him over to us.”
Peter had never heard of Eingrad so he asked James where Eingrad was. James explained that Eingrad was a small and separate realm in Wizzio. Eingrad was an autonomous state and was therefore under no obligation to the Sacred Order. Eingrad was home to the most immensely powerful wizards in Wizzio. Serperus, the wizard that had enacted the Serperus agreement, Mortalitas, the wizard that had created the kill spell, and Merlin, the most powerful wizard of all time, had all been born in Eingrad. Though the witches and wizards of Eingrad honored the Serperus agreement and desisted from invoking the Mortalitas curse, that was about as similar as they were to the other realms.
“The wizards of Eingrad have taken Krastov under their protection,” James concluded. “They will not give him up and we cannot challenge them. Maldrom may be the most powerful wizard, but he’s no match for four wizards of Eingrad. If we can apprehend Krastov and interrogate him, he may lead us to Luziver.”
“Yes, but the Eingradians won’t give him up.” Venom spouted out Peter’s mouth the same time ‘Eingradians’ did. He apologized to June and Bella for his use of profanities.
“Eingrad is within Rapner’s realm. Rapner has managed to pinpoint Krastov’s exact location in Eingrad.”
“So?”
“So, we have to get into Eingrad undetected, locate Krastov and interrogate him. Then get out undetected. Of course should we get detected, that’s the only time Eingradians are allowed to use the Mortalitas curse.”
June winced at that. 
Peter had told June about everything that had happened to him on Wizzio, including his close calls with the Mortalitas curse.    
“How do we get in?” Peter asked.
“There are two ways into Eingrad,” James answered. “The first way is the zoop.”
Jason smirked. “But if you appeared in Eingrad without being invited or being approved for entry, you’ll be destroyed.”
“The other way?”
“The other way is through the forest,” James replied. “Eingrad is surrounded by a thick, huge forest. But this route is worse than the first. The forest is rife with the horrors of magic; evil magical creatures that possess dark magic and are impervious to magic. One scratch from any of these creatures not only tears the flesh, but also tears the soul.”
“Are these Eingrad wizards evil?” Peter asked. He had thought they were just pompous brasses. But from the sound of the forest, he began to think otherwise.
“They are neither evil nor good,” Bella answered. “They are both. They use evil and good to serve their purpose. They are wizards that take honor seriously and won’t hurt an innocent person except those who break their rules. The horrors of magic are products of their experiments gone wrong. The Eingradians let these creatures run loose in the forest to dissuade entrance through the forest.”
At first when Peter was told about Krastov and how they could interrogate him and get a positive fix on Luziver’s location, he had thought there was maybe a chance for them to save Wizzio. But now, hearing about Eingrad’s shoot-on-sight policy and forest rife with magic proof, soul-tearing monsters, Peter thought it wasn’t a chance at all. It was a homicidal mission. They would never make it past the forest without their magic.
“We would never make it past the forest without magic,” Peter told them.
“Yes, we won’t,” James said. “But we could, with a sword of light.”
“Sword of light?”
Jason stood up and pulled out his wand. He stuck it out before him. “Stoma…Lumous.” Immediately, the whole wand flashed into a long sword made of pure, white light. It looked like a light saber from one of those Star Wars movies except the hilt was made of light as well. The blade gave off a low hum and Peter could perceive the ozone in the air. It was that sharp.
“The sword of light,” Jason said, waving the sword in the air, “will rip any creature, magical or not, to pieces.”
“Retracto,” he then said. The sword vanished and was replaced by a wand. Jason sat.  
Nobody spoke for a while before James broke the silence.
“That’s it, Peter,” James said. “That’s all we have. Are you coming?”
Peter wanted to go but Maldrom had instructed him to stay put. Peter told them about Maldrom’s instruction.
“That’s no problem,” James replied. “Since Maldrom’s concern was for your family’s safety, then Troniel and Ussif, the two first order wizards, will protect them.”
Well that was one problem solved, Peter thought. The other problem was his wife. He had lost her once, he would not lose her again. If she didn’t want him to leave, he wouldn’t. Peter turned to June and asked her consent without speaking. Though the others could never have known, Peter could tell that June was scared out of her mind. The signs were there; her lips were pressed hard against each other, her eyes were narrow, her head was slightly angled upwards.
June sighed and closed her eyes momentarily. 
Peter knew what she was going through, the inner conflict she experienced. It was similar to what wives of service men experienced when their husbands were being drawn into a conflict in Iraq or Afghanistan or somewhere. Only in June’s case, it was multiplied a hundred fold.  
“You have to go, Pete,” June said softly. “If Wizzio falls, earth will fall first.”
Peter stood to his feet. That was all he needed. They were going to Eingrad.
Peter and June left the wizards in the dining room. While June went to collect Simon for their journey to a safe place, Peter hurried to their room and changed into his robes. He collected Merlin’s wand and stepped out of the room.
He met Simon and June in the living room across the hallway from the dining room. He hugged and kissed them and said his final goodbyes.
“Be safe,” June said.
“Always,” Peter answered with a smile. His persona of bravado was a façade. Inside, he was petrified. 
Peter ruffled his son’s hair. “I have to travel,” Peter said to his twelve year old son. “Take care of your mom for me, will ya?”
Simon nodded.  
Peter went into the dining room. “Let’s go.”
“Aren’t you going to bring the lights back?” June asked from the living room.
“Once we leave, it will return,” James replied.
They walked into the hall and formed a circle in the same position he, James and Rapner had formed a circle when he had made his first journey to Wizzio. Though it was only four weeks ago, it felt like four years.
“We’ll zoop in five,” James said and started counting. “One…”
Before James reached five, Peter took one last glance at the two wizards that would be protecting his family. They were no more than eighteen years old, wide-eyed and had small statures. One was blonde while the other had black hair and angular eyes. That was probably Ussif, Peter thought. The two wizards looked anything but capable and inspired anything but trust. Peter hoped they would cause enough trouble in Wizzio to keep the dark wizards from setting their eyes on his family.
James got to five and they all spelled. “Zoopo!”
A whirl wind blew into existence, sucked them into its vortex and into the darkness of void. 

About Kachi Ugo

I am a pharmacy student at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. I learn about drugs during the day and write fiction at night. When I was twelve, while my mates still flipped through picture books and comics, I took an interest in thick-sized, picture-less “story books” that opened me up to a whole new world of possibilities and adventures. Almost ten years later, I write those books myself. 
I love writing because I relish the power it gives to create a world of my own where anything and everything is possible.

Connect With Kachi Ugo

Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/KachiUgo 
Subscribe to my blog: https://kachiugo.wordpress.com
Email: kachiugo3@gmail.com
Other Books By Kachi Ugo

The Wizzio Series:
The Great Meld

The Biohazard Series:
A Dark Christmas

The Witch Hunters Series:
To Hunt A Level Four
