



Ice-Ghost


Copyright 2014 Gilbert Pangelina

Published by Gilbert Pangelina at Smashwords





Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or
given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please
purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase
it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or
your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of
this author.

***Ice Ghost***
                                                                        
 The Rink

Christy, a 13-year-old figure skater, diligently practiced her routines every night of the week. She was often the last to leave the rink, with the exception of the ice-rink manager, Bob. It was a cold winter’s evening and Bob had slipped into his office for a warm cup of coffee. Christy, not expecting her mother to arrive at the rink for at least another 10 minutes, was delighted in having the freedom of an empty rink, at least for a short while. Happy to be on the ice alone, Christy exuberantly ran through some of her routines. Feeling more confident as she skated alone on the ice, she decided to attempt her most daring feat, The Triple Lutz.
Skating faster and faster over the ice and with slow steady breathes, she began to coach herself for the jump. “Remember now” she thought aloud, “drive-turn, back outside edge, dig in and rotate.” Reaching the desired speed, she turned and gracefully glided on the back outside edge of her left skate. Gliding several feet, she simultaneously dug the toe pick of her right skate into the ice as she swung her right arm and leg inward toward the center of her rotation.  She flew into the air. As she rotated through the air, she could hear the air whirl past her ears. She felt as if she had just launched herself to the moon. A perfect ten, she thought. Christy was feeling ecstatic, but, as she landed, the toe pick on her blade scraped into the ice and she fell. Something went wrong. She slid several feet on the ice before everything went blank. 
When she woke up, there was a young man standing beside her. On his head, he wore a small, faded green cap with two thin gold stripes around it. His hair had a faint earth color to it and his skin was oddly pale. On his neck, he wore a silver chain that was tucked into his tunic. His tunic was green, thick and as faded as his cap. It went a few inches below his waist and had faded golden designs woven into its sleeves. There was a brown utility belt strapped around his waist. He wore brown, high-front trousers and brown boots that had skates attached to their bottoms. Without a facial expression, he reached his hand out to her. She accepted it hesitantly—after all, he was a stranger. As she got to her feet, Christy noticed that the ice-rink now seemed oddly darkened. 
Oh my, everyone has left, she thought. But where are my parents? How odd! She looked toward the far end of the rink and thought, Here is another mystery. The entire end of the rink has a darkness to it that seems to lead nowhere and, yet, it seems like it goes somewhere. It is so dark that I don’t think light could ever find its way in there! How strange! Now Christy had two mysteries in front of her: the boy and the end of the oddly darkened rink. As she looked at the odd boy, she began to wonder where he had come from. Somewhere or somehow, she felt as though she had met him before. 
 “Hello,” said Christy, “and thank you.” The boy smiled cautiously. Christy continued, “I thought I was the only one left at the rink.” He silently smiled at Christy and shook his head no. 
Christy then asked, “Who are you?” 
With a boyish smile, he gently answered, “Some call me Ice-Ghost, but I have other names.” 
Christy replied, “Oh…are you giving me a riddle?” 
With a disconcerted look, he answered, “No, but it’s a long story and we don’t have that much time.” 
 “What time don’t we have?” asked Christy “And why are you answering my questions with riddles?”

A Different World

As Christy spoke, a voice calling for help came from the far end of the rink. Skating to the end of the rink, Christy stared into the darkness and listened. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she noticed that there were many tall, dark silhouettes just ahead of her. As her eyes continued to adjust, she could now see that the dark figures were trees. Looking inquisitively at the trees, she thought, That’s odd. I don’t remember paintings of trees in our ice skating rink. She skated to the edge of the darkness and discovered that they were not paintings at all. The trees were indeed real. They were old, thick and gnarled. The trees had long, dark branches that seemed to be covered with moss. How could this be? she thought. She couldn’t help, but notice that the darkness seemed to have no visible ending to it. It just seemed to go on forever. Rather than being scared, Christy had become fascinated by this new turn of events. Pulled by the chain of curiosity, she skated further into the dark void. 
 “Don’t go…” was all Christy heard from the Ice-Ghost as she skated into this dark, new world. As she continued to skate, the ice became as smooth as glass as she effortlessly skated. She began to wonder if she were skating on ice or anything at all. Christy heard the voice of a little girl calling to her again. The voice sounded close. She continued skating into the darkness and, then, something strange and unexpected happened. The further she went into this new place, the lighter her surroundings appeared. Finally, she skated into the day’s light. As she looked around, all that she could see was ice and snow. There were several trees, some very large, but they too were made of ice or maybe the trees were heavily coated with ice. It was hard for Christy to tell. The ground was more like a sheet of ice. It was as smooth as glass. Snow banks scattered the landscape. In the distance were small ice structures that resembled igloos, but no one appeared to live in them. Each had a visible and small, beautifully wrapped package in them, but something told Christy to stay clear of them. 
It seemed like only a minute had gone by when the Ice-Ghost skated up to her. “Finally,” he said, “I have found you, but now we must get out of here—the sooner the better.”
“What do you mean finally? I just left you less than a minute ago.” 
“No,” he said. “I have been searching for you for a couple of hours. I’ll explain later.” 
Christy looked puzzled. She was about to ask the Ice-Ghost what he meant when she again heard the voice of the little girl. 
Imploringly, Christy urged, “We must find her and see what is wrong.” 
However, the Ice-Ghost fervently warned against it, shouting, “Stop, it could be a trap!” 
Disbelievingly, Christy light-heartedly laughed, “A trap?! Don’t be so worried. No one wants to trap me. That just couldn’t be.” 

The Land of True Ice

As Christy continued to skate, she heard the young girl’s voice call out again and again. She followed the voice until it led her to an ice-bush that stood in front of a snow bank. From behind the bush, she heard the voice call out again. Christy stopped in front of the bush and spoke. “Hello? Is there someone in there?”
From behind the bush, an older sounding voice called out, “Help!” 
Just as Christy was about to circle around the bush, a small figure skated out. It was an   ice dwarf who looked to be at least 75-years-old. He wore a light blue cap that had a thin white band around the base of it. His face was slightly tanned and he had light, rosy cheeks and a thin, scraggly, white beard. He wore a blue ring on his left hand. His coat and trousers were also light blue. His loose-fitting clothes were held up by a wide blue belt that had a big brass buckle. Clamped onto his feet were his skates. He approached Christy with a wide and pleasant smile. As he looked down at the ice skates that Christy wore, the corners of his smile rose so high they looked like an upside down grimace. The dwarf bowed.
“Welcome to The Land of True Ice.” 
Christy smiled for a moment and then stopped. “Were you calling for help?” 
“Indeed, I was,” said the dwarf.
Embarrassed, Christy said, “But your voice sounded as if it were that of a child! A young child.” 
“I am a snow dwarf and that is often how we sound in distress. Our voices can become very high and shrill.” 
With a concerned look, Christy asked, “Why were you in distress?” 
“My beard had been tangled in this bush for some time, but I am now free.”
Not knowing what to say next, Christy asked, “Why do you call this The Land of True Ice?” 
The dwarf replied, “It is because this ice has been here since the beginning.” 
“Since the beginning of what?” 
“Since the beginning. That is all that I can tell you, but that should be more than enough,” the dwarf continued with a smile.

The Gambit

From behind Christy stepped out the alarmed Ice-Ghost, who urged her to leave. “Christy, we must leave now. This is Gloo and he is one of the witch’s henchmen. We must leave, now!” 
Christy, with a great look of concern on her face, replied, “W-w-what? W-w-witch! What do you mean?” She laughed nervously and retorted, “Witches…there’s no such thing. Right, Ice-Ghost?” Just then, Christy came to a sudden realization. Her acquaintance’s name was… Ice-Ghost. This realization made her feel even worse.
Finally, she turned around and said, “But he looks so harmless. Why do you say such things?” 
Gloo looked up at the Ice-Ghost and said, “Well, if it isn’t the Ice-Ghost. Tell me, Ghost, have you been out scaring children again?” 
With a worried and, yet, somewhat defiant look, Ice Ghost answered, “Don’t listen to him, Christy. You’re in grave danger now. You don’t know Gloo like I know Gloo. We must hurry before…” at that moment, Gloo’s hands began to fog. They fogged like dry ice does when water is poured onto it. Without saying a word, Gloo lunged forward, his body falling onto the ice as his hands grappled for Christy’s skates. Grabbing her skates with both hands, he held tightly onto them as a thick fog continued to flow. The fog became so thick that Christy’s feet and Gloo’s hands could no longer be seen. After the fog stopped flowing, it quickly cleared and Gloo’s plan was revealed 
The witch, thought Ice-Ghost as the blue ring on Gloo’s finger began to brilliantly flash.
Ice-Ghost screamed out, “Oh no! It’s too late. This was a trap, Christy. I think the witch is on her way. Listen and believe what I tell you. Never surrender your skates to the witch. If you do, she will put you in an icy tomb forever.”
As Christy looked on in disbelief, she thought to herself, How could this be happening?
Ice-Ghost continued, “Remember, don’t let her have your skates because…” Just then, he felt a chill run down his spine.
Motionless he stood as he listened. Then, he heard what he feared most, the faint hissing-clicking sounds that seemed to be getting louder with every second. As he turned, his fears were confirmed. Eight large, sheep-sized ice rats came out of nowhere and quickly circled around them. Each rat bared its large, icy, translucent large canine like teeth and was flicking its solid blue tongue. Their white fur looked like white pine needles bristling in the sunlight. All were white, except for their leader, who was a deathly grey. Their eyes were a deep, piercing, menacing grey. Their tails and feet had a decaying blue-greyish color to them. They appeared foul and deadly. Ice-Ghost stood motionless and resolute as he peered into their eyes. Time seemed to stand still.
As if summoned, the thick fog in the northern distance began to rise, revealing an ice castle on a distant mountaintop. It was from this castle that Christy and Ice-Ghost’s greatest troubles would soon begin. Though Christy could not turn to see it, a tiny object rose above the ice-castle and flew in circles, as if searching for something. It stopped and hovered for one meager moment before it plunged down the mountainside toward them. When it was almost directly above Christy and the Ice-Ghost, it stopped and hovered, casting an ominous shadow before it slowly began to descend.

My Lady

It was not until then that Christy noticed the large, black cauldron with a silver rim around it descending onto the ice. Attached to the bottom of the cauldron were two large ice-skating blades. When the cauldron landed, a silver line on the outside of the cauldron formed a door and let itself down. Out of the cauldron stepped a short, but rather thick woman in a long black coat that had a red liner. The collar of her coat was lined with the fur of some poor, unfortunate animal that must have gotten in her way. Her face was round, with rose-colored cheeks and a bulbous nose. She had long, frizzy, grayish ice-white hair. She had grey eyes and grey eyebrows. In her hair was a crystal tiara. She paused for a moment and then asked with a smirk, “Well, what have we here, Gloo? A couple of worthless warm-bloods? Did you bring me out here into this wicked sunshine on this wretched day for this? They’d better be worth my while.” 
Hearing this, Gloo let out a gurgled, “Rreeeeeaaaccchhtttt” and some of the ice-rats moved aside. 
As the ice-witch entered the circle, Ice-Ghost turned and faced her. The Ice-Witch, looking at Ice-Ghost, entered the circle with a pitiless smile and asked, “Well, Ghost, what brings you around here, pale skin?” 
For the first time, Christy noticed how pale Ice-Ghost’s skin actually was. 
The witch turned to Christy and in her crackly, husky voice asked, “And who do we have here? Who is this warm-blood that is fouling up my air today?” 
Christy, now terrified, said nothing. 
The witch slowly examined Christy from head to toe before shouting out uncontrollably, “The skates. The skates! They are here! They are here!!” She pointed two fingers at Ice-Ghost’s feet and a frosty spray shot out, ice-welding Ice-Ghost’s feet to the ice. 
Feeling very confident that the Ice-Ghost was helplessly frozen to the ice, she pondered what to do next. Putting her hand to her chin and tapping her lips with her finger, her thoughts raced around again and again. The witch, with a soft crackling voice, murmured her thoughts, Okay, they are here and I am beyond elation. But, you would not have brought them here, Ghost. This could not be. She looked at Ice-Ghost and said, “You swore long ago upon death that I would never see those Ice-Crystals again. Yet, here are the skates with my beloved crystals on them…and so are you. But, then, how?” 
The witch, looking perplexed, turned her attention to Gloo.
“Gloo…how?” she sharply demanded.
“My lady,” spoke Gloo, “long have you planned to capture those skates. Our deal and your promise have kept me vigilant.” 
“Speak not of the promise, dwarf, or I’ll amend it.” 
Gloo bowed his head, “Yes, my lady.” Gloo raised his head and spoke again. “My story, my lady, as I was saying, started by the unlucky and unfair fate of you having been robbed of your jewel and I filched of my freedom. Separate misfortunes put together by an ill fate. Our efforts had seemed in vain.” 
“Never mind all that, Gloo. Tell me how and be quick about it before I turn you into something smaller.” 
“Yes, my lady. It was only by chance, my lady.”

The World’s Window

Gloo continued, “When our world, Hene, and the shadow moon, Aris, which they call Earth, aligned themselves, I saw the world’s window fall from the sky. I searched for the window until I found it. My curiosity caused me to look through the window when my eyes caught sight of a tiny, ice world and this little girl skating. When she flew off the ice and twirled in the air, I became more intrigued and scratched my beard. As I watched, I thought I saw the sparkle of all sparkles shine from her skates. I pressed my eyes against the window to be sure. There, indeed, embedded in her skates were crystals that shined like I had never seen before. I knew then that I had finally found my lady’s crystals. But I knew my time was running short because I had searched long for the window. As you’re away my lady, the window remains only at brief moments.” 
The Ice-Witch listened intently, but never allowed her eyes to drift from the skates. 
“It was through the window that I called out to her for help. Knowing warm-bloods can be so unnecessarily compassionate to strangers, I continued to call to her. She came, but somehow the Ice-Ghost caught wind of my plan and came to warn her. I knew then that I had finally found my lady’s crystals. Fate had finally brought forward the greatest desire of my lady, the renowned Ice-Crystals of Wintorene. I felt that it was now possible for my lady to receive that which she had long ago laid claim to.” 
“Inchworm, it is no claim. It is by my rights that I own and possess those crystals, shallot. They belong to me!”
Christy finally spoke up. “Please, I don’t know what you want and I really do not have anything, so may I please leave? My mother and father should be getting to the rink any moment now. They’ll be expecting me.” Ice-Ghost kept his eyes fixed on the witch. 
The witch mocked Christy, “Oh, please let me go. I really don’t have anything. Please let me go. Are the people in your world that stupid, mortal girl? Do you see those ice crystals on your skates? Well, they happen to be the truest and most powerful ice-crystals the Maker’s daughter ever made.” 
Christy looked at the witch. “But they are not Ice-Crystals. They’re just fake diamonds.”
Hearing this statement, the Ice-Witch screamed in a loud, venomous voice, “Shut your mouth, you warm-blooded putrescence of muck. Never ever refer to the greatest of all Ice-Crystals as such. I would make you vanish forever right now if I thought there was absolutely no risk to the crystals, brat!” 
“I am sorry,” said Christy. “But I didn’t know. I don’t know anything about this place or those crystals, so please take the crystals and just let us go.”
The witch mocked Christy again, “Please let me go. Pleeeease.” 
She then turned to Gloo and said, “Very good, Gloo. When I have accomplished all that I have long planned for, you can have your freedom.”
“Thank you, my lady.” Gloo paused for a moment and then added, “And everyone else?” Gloo quickly bowed his head. The ice-witch, ignoring Gloo, held out her hand and a thick fog formed on it. This fog was different from the fog used by Gloo. It was silvery, like the brightest moon you had ever seen and it slowly swirled in her hand. As the fog turned, it exuded a sweet and pleasant smell. The witch brought the sweet smelling fog up to Christy’s face as Christy tried to resist breathing it in. Not being able to move, the only thing Ice-Ghost could do was yell out, “Christy, try not to breathe in the fog.” Although she tried, eventually, she had no choice, but to inhale. When she did, she instantly fell into a deep, frozen sleep.  The witch then released Christy’s skates from the ice-weld.   
“Put her in my chariot, Gloo, and hurry. Time is wasting.” 
“Yes, my lady.”  
“And be careful of those crystals”
“Yes, my lady.” Gloo then put Christy in the cauldron.
Gloo started to exit the witch’s cauldron when the witch asked him, “And where do you think you’re going? 
“Well I thought…”
“Quiet, today you will fly with me. This is a special occasion, Gloo. For once, you shall have the honor of riding behind me to the castle. But, I warn you, never stand to my side, while we are in this chariot. You do not deserve such an honor.” 
“Yes, my lady” 
The ice-witch looked back at the Ice-Ghost and laughed. She leaned forward and pointed her long, thick finger at him. “Well, Ghost, I have triumphed as I had always expected, you wretched, soulless spook. For you to think that you could keep me away from my treasure forever was beyond even your pathetic foolishness.” 

The Jubilant Queen

The witch stood upright and boasted, “I have triumphed. Now, I shall forcibly turn the hand of fate so that it offers to me, rather than takes. Parts of my world were beginning to thaw, but now it will stay frozen forever. With the help of Little Miss Know Nothing, the world will be mine forever.” The Ice-Witch cackled a wicked laugh as her cauldron began to rise. She stopped the cauldron for a moment. “Oh, by the way, Ghost, my rats haven’t eaten in a while, so do be kind and feed them.” The witch then let out a loud “Reeeeeeeeaaaaaccccht” and the ice-rats circled in on the Ice-Ghost. The witch laughed as she flew off toward her castle. 
                                                         

 The Castle 

Gloo stood behind the witch and kept silent. As they flew toward her castle, the witch began to think of cruel things to do to the girl if she did not cooperate. As they flew, the natural curiosity of the dwarf awoke and he decided to turn and have a look down at the ground. As he dared to turn around, the witch warned him, “Unless you have wings, dwarf, you had better keep your eyes to my back.” 
The dwarf shakily responded, “Yes, my lady.” So, all that Gloo ever saw on his way to the witch’s castle was her backside.
When they arrived at the castle, Christy was brought to the Room of Enchantments. The witch had a small bed of ice brought into the room for Christy. There she lay in a deep frozen sleep, oblivious to her surroundings. While Christy slept, the witch walked over to a pedestal that held a large, faded brown leather book on it. It was the witch’s book of Magic, History and Lore. What she sought was information on the renowned ice-crystals and the skates. Long she read into her book until, finally, feeling fatigued, she stopped. Tired, frustrated and angry, she called out to her servant.
“Gloo, come here.” She waited only for a moment before hollering out again, “Gloo, come here at once before I curse your whole ancestry!” 
Running into the room and panting heavily, Gloo said, “Yes, my lady.”
“Gloo,” the witch said. “I want you to take the skates off of the little warm-blood’s feet.”
Gloo, looking puzzled and frightened, said, “My lady, I am wondering if those skates and the crystals shouldn’t be touched by the hands of lesser folk?” 
With nostrils flared and teeth showing, she replied, “I didn’t say that you should touch the crystals, which you should never dare, slug, but only the skates on which the crystals are imbedded!” she screamed. “You need not worry as the skates were made by the hands of a filthy mortal.”
Gloo, too frightened to look at the witch’s eyes, looked down and replied, “But, my lady, the skates were made by the hands of the mighty mortal, Dernier. The legend speaks:
True to his craft
Patterns unknown 
To corrupt his thought
Is to be cursed unborn.”
For a moment, the witch gave the poem some serious thought. Then, she quickly said, “Fool, don’t bother me with silly folklore and rhyme. Do as I bid.”
Nervously, Gloo walked over to where Christy lay and looked down upon her quiet, peaceful face. As he looked at her, he thought to himself, Another fine mess you’re in, Gloo. He muttered to himself, “I am truly sorry.” Knowing that he should not defy the witch’s command, he began to remove Christie’s skates. As he attempted to untie her laces, a strange thing happened. Gloo’s fingers and hands began to disappear, making it impossible for him to perform this task. 
Gloo reeled back and said, “My lady, I cannot do this. If I keep trying, I fear I may completely disappear.” 
The witch, looking mystified, turned to Gloo, “Well, try again. It’s not like you just completely disappeared. There are far worse things than just disappearing, fool. Now, try again!” 
Every time Gloo tried, his fingers and hands disappeared, making the witch’s request impossible for him to do. The witch, becoming frustrated by this turn of unfortunate events, clutched her chin within her hand. With her index finger bouncing upon her lips, she once again pondered this outcome. The skates’ magic is great. I have always known this, but this is an interesting development. Perhaps I should just awaken the little tart and take her soul. Maybe then the skates will just fall off of her feet. Quickly, the witch responded to her own thoughts, No, no, too risky. Very well, I’ll play it safe for now. The witch turned and looked high onto her shelves of potions, powders, smoke fumes and elixirs. On her shelves were hundreds of vials that contained all of her contrivances. She stared at a vial that appeared to have a star-like glow to it. That vial contained the soul of Ice-Ghost. Looking at the vial, she smiled and then chimed out, “Fool, your time has come and gone. I need you no longer.” Her eyes continued searching.
                                                

The Battle of the Ghost

But now the fate of Ice-Ghost must be told. After the ice-witch left, the battle between Ice-Ghost and the ice-rats began. This battle was between the evil emissaries of the ice-witch, and Ice-Ghost, the son of Equaria and Luthia the beautiful whose stories are only told in the Klamazth. His father, Equaria, was a Gerent of the world Hene. His mother, Luthia, was from the world Aris. Since Ice-Ghost was half mortal, he was susceptible to a mortal’s death. However, from the lineage of his father, he was given some dexterity beyond the ordinary man. As Ice-Ghost stood with his feet frozen to the ground, the ice-rats began their assault. 
The first to attack was Moldoff, the leader. Moldoff, with his keen sense of smell, could sense that the Ice-Ghost had greatness running through his blood. This knowledge triggered Moldoff’s insatiable appetite for the taste of fresh flesh and the blood of man. Saliva began to drip down the two large canine-like teeth that protruded from his muzzle. When Moldoff began his attack, the other rats knew to stand aside. Moldoff’s plan was straightforward and had always been effective. He would stealthily jump high onto his victim’s throat and slash it. The battle began. 
High and mightily, Moldoff leaped into the air, but Ice-Ghost was quick and leaned his body aside. Moldoff only grazed his arm. Yet, because Moldoff’s canines were long and needle sharp, the point of his tooth ripped into Ice-Ghost’s clothing, tearing the surface of his skin. He quickly began to bleed tiny droplets of blood. Moldoff was, at first, disappointed to see that he had missed his target. Moldoff got satisfaction only when he saw tiny droplets of Ice-Ghost’s delicious bright red blood dripping down onto the ice. The blood gave Moldoff an even more insatiable hunger for the flesh and blood of Ice-Ghost.
Moldoff decided that he would move to the left of his prey and try an attack from the side. Moving to Ice-Ghost’s side, he ran and leaped into the air, hoping to make this his final, lethal assault. Once again, Moldoff only succeeded in ripping some of Ice-Ghost’s clothing. Moldoff circled around Ice-Ghost again, but, this time, he had some doubts. Never before had he been unable to take down his prey with a single move. Ice-Ghost looked intently at Moldoff and they both stood silent. The other rats looked on in silent dismay until the second-in-command squealed out, “Kill him! Kill him!” The other rats squealed out in agreement, “Reeeeeeaaatcchhh.” Moldoff, looking back at his pack, began to quake from deep within. 

Moldoff’s Pithy Requiem

Looking into the eyes of his prey, Moldoff decided to change his plan of attack. This time, he leapt at him from behind. Once again, Ice Ghost quickly leaned to one side to avoid the onslaught of Moldoff. However, this time, he was better prepared. When Moldoff leapt through the air, Ice-Ghost grabbed and held tight onto one of Moldoff’s large canine teeth. As Moldoff’s body flew past him, he jerked the large tooth with all of his might, causing it to snap in his hands. Moldoff, realizing what had just happened, squealed a deafening groan. With his remaining canine tooth, Moldoff, in a fury, spun around and tried to attack Ice Ghost again. However, Ice Ghost was quick to maneuver and, when Moldoff lunged forward, Ice-Ghost shoved Moldoff’s tooth deep into its owner’s chest. Moldoff collapsed and slid down Ice-Ghost’s body. 
Ivanoff, the second-in-command, seeing Moldoff’s death became enraged and charged at Ice-Ghost. Having so much anger and hatred in his heart, he hit the Ice-Ghost so hard that he broke the ice-witch’s snow weld, which sent him and the Ice-Ghost sliding several feet onto the ice before they stopped. When they stopped, Ivanoff had pinned Ice-Ghost to the icy ground as he tried to bite Ice-Ghost’s neck. Ice-Ghost quickly put his arm up to act as a shield, which slipped into Ivanoff’s mouth. Ivanoff began to tear at Ice-Ghost’s arm. He screamed in pain. In his other hand, he still held Moldoff’s broken tooth and with one last desperate lunge, put the tooth deep into the eye of Ivanoff. The giant rat released Ice-Ghost’s tattered arm. Ivanoff rolled off of Ice-Ghost and reeled in pain. Then, with one last heave, Ivanoff was no more.
The six remaining rats wailed and hissed at Ice-Ghost. They circled around for a final assault. Surrounded and exhausted, Ice-Ghost was forced to draw nearer to the body of Moldoff. As the ice-rats circled around Ice-Ghost, a strange thing began to happen. The inside of Moldoff’s mouth began to glow a brilliant blue. His mouth opened wide and a large, glowing blue pearl rolled out from within it. As it lay on the ice, it began to shoot brilliant light blue beams into the air. These lights lasted for a few seconds and then it stopped. Next, it radiated a somber blue glow that could easily be seen in the daylight. As it glowed, a thick smoke began to emanate from it. The heavy blue smoke began to amass itself into the shape of a woman. 
The shape was that of a beautiful, tall, slender woman who was attired like a princess. She turned her head from side-to-side until she found what she was searching for. Taking a few steps, she kneeled where Moldoff lay. “Anaz azule requi,” she said with sad, imploring eyes. Then, she asked, “Who killed Moldoff, the beloved? His heart was obedient and belonged to me.” The princess stood and walked toward Ice-Ghost. Quickly, he took off his tunic and began to fan it at the princess. As he did, the outer appearance of the shape was blown away and the smoky blue image of the short, cruel witch was revealed. 
When the witch’s image was revealed, she screamed and hissed at the Ice-Ghost. “You dare to kill my greatest of pets? You will pay. Oh, yes, you will pay.” Then, the image ran toward Ice-Ghost, wrapped its hands around his neck and began to choke him. Pulling on the silver chain he wore around his neck, he brought forth a locket that shined out like the tiniest ray of sunlight. Putting the locket in between him and the witch’s image, he continued to gasp for air. The witch’s image grabbed at the locket and missed, but broke the locket’s chain. With an act of desperation, Ice-Ghost plunged the locket into the heart of the witch’s image and she began to disintegrate. When the image completely disappeared, Ice-Ghost slumped to the ground. The other rats shook off what seemed like a dream to them and fled. 

Magic Book

Meanwhile, back at the castle, the witch was rethinking her strategies. She went to her 5,000 page magic book and impatiently scanned it. Section one contained over 1,000 magic spells and lore. The witch began to search thoroughly through the section. For hours, she read until she found what she had been looking for: The Extraction and Handling of True Ice Crystals. 
As she looked through this section, page 999, line 15, something odd occurred. The lines disappeared and the page became blank. The witch looked around the room suspiciously. She began to wonder if, perhaps, there was someone else nearby who was foolish enough to be tampering with her book. “Who’s there?” she screamed out. “Come out now and I won’t be too harsh on you. Otherwise, my dear, you’ll suffer for your foolishness.” No one answered. Could it be my sister, the Witch of the South? she thought. She is the only one with power equal to mine, but my sister? She wouldn’t dare…would she? No, yes, maybe so…no, of course not. She dismissed the thought. She searched her room and nearby rooms until she was sure that she was, indeed, alone. 
She went back to her open book and, once again, line 15 faded away, only to return momentarily. “What is this magic?” Every time she tried to read the entire line, it would fade away before she could finish reading it. This frustrated and infuriated the witch. She constantly turned about to see if someone with great magic was playing tricks on her. Deep into her thoughts she searched for an answer. Finally, she came up with an idea. “Oh, yes, indeed,” she cackled to herself. “The spell of Verse Recantation.” Long she thought about this delicate spell. Knowing any wrong word or gesture while casting this spell could give her very adverse results, the witch carefully prepared herself for the incantation. Standing on one foot with one eye opened and one eye closed, she raised one hand and lowered the other before beginning: 
“Lines both seen and unseen
Known and unknown
Meant to be read and unread
By the open and unopened eye
Reveal to me now
The Message of the King.”
The book of spells quickly snapped shut. The witch took a half step back. Everything went silent. The crystal moths that had been flying high above the witch’s head were frozen and suspended in the air. Frozen higher above the ice-moths was a raven that had just flown into the room through a large window opening to report to his master. The witch looked around the room and was in awe. Everything seemed to be motionless. The witch stepped back from the book. Suddenly, a strong wind began to blow into the room. Several pages of the book turned over. 
When the wind stopped, the witch stepped forward and saw that, once again, the pages of her book remained blank. Seeing the pages, she became infuriated and began to curse and yell. Feeling frustrated, she tried to close her book, but, in turn, received a terrible shock. “What is wrong with this book?” she muttered. Not knowing what else she could do, she stood there and stared at the book. Feeling tired and frustrated from casting such a powerful spell, she turned and started to walk away.
As she was leaving the room, she heard a slow, heavy, creaking sound. Then, she heard a large bang, like a heavy dungeon door had been ripped open and struck the wall. Quickly, she ran back to the book and stared at the empty page. To her surprise and delight, writing began to appear on the empty pages. 
“Extrication of true ice crystals 
Must be done with true heart 
And gentle hand
To break this edict
Is to break the solemn king’s command 
Failure of your own folly
To do this deed wrong
Will bring eternal torment
Of hot shale and hot sand.”
Once the message was read, the air unfroze itself. The ice moths continued to fly in circles and the raven flew down to its perch and squawked. “Quiet, raven! I must think for a moment.” Having now read this passage, the witch stood as still as a stone. No worse thought could she have had than never to stand on ice again. She called for Gloo and he quickly returned to the room. She looked at Gloo and uttered, “Gloo, you worthless simpleton, let me see your hands again.” Gloo held his hands out as the witch examined them. “They’re repulsive, you little blighter. No wonder you couldn’t touch the skates.” The raven began to squawk over and over again until the witch could no longer take it.  
She raised her hand to cast an awful spell on the raven and said, “Raven, tell me something worthwhile so that I should spare you.” 
The raven bowed his head and squawked out, “Moldoff is dead. Moldoff is dead.” 
Hearing this statement, the witch let her spell loose and the raven exploded as feathers flew everywhere. All that remained of the raven was a tiny, black beetle with large blinking eyes. Letting out a dreadfully long scream, the witch then held her breath and stood as still as a statue, with her fists balled, eyes bulging and nostrils flared. The room was so quite that you could hear the beetle’s eyes blink. Before the witch exploded, she exhaled as she tried to calm herself. Once she began to breathe, she quietly said to herself, “Out with the good air, in with the bad, out with the good air, in with the bad,” which made no sense at all. She continued this manta until her frustration eased away. Finally feeling calmed, her old rottenness arose and she recalled her spell. 
“Speak now, crow, or giblets you shall become.” 
The crow began to tell the tale. “My lady, Moldoff alone tried to kill the Ice-Ghost and that was the beginning of his falling.” The crow continued to tell the story about the battle between Ice-Ghost and her beloved Moldoff. He then told of how Ice-Ghost also defeated Ivanoff. The witch listened closely to the crow’s tale as the crow spoke of how the rest of the ice-rats fled from the scene after the battle had ended. 
The witch thought aloud to herself, “Why did my rats run? They still outnumbered the Ghost, six against one!”
Hearing the witch’s thoughts, the crow spoke, “A warrior with a true heart and a deadly tooth can prove to be more than a worthy adversary.” 
This statement broke the witch’s concentration and she eyed the crow closely. ”What did you just say, crow?” 
The crow, fearing that the witch would put another spell on him, squawked, “Nothing my lady, nothing. I just meant that a man with a true heart and quest may be just too much for ice-rats alone to handle. That was all that I meant, my lady.” 
 “Tell me, crow, do you think this soulless spook could still have a true heart when I possess his soul?” 
The crow responded, “I don’t know, my lady, but I have seen many battles in my days, and he surely fought with a true heart.” 
The witch pondered this statement for several moments and thought, Could he, the Ice-Ghost, be the one who can rightfully remove the crystals from the little brat’s feet? But how, how could I get that wretched creature to attempt this deed for me? She looked over at the crow and said, “Crow, find the Ghost and give him this message. Tell him that, for a small deed, I will give him back his soul and spare the life of the girl, if he wishes it so. If he doesn’t agree, I will turn the girl into an icicle. Then I will feed her soul and his soul to the Doomalings, and they shall never regain them.” 
At the mention of the Doomalings, the crow shuddered and said, “Is that all, my lady?” 
“Yes, now be off. Do not fail me, crow, unless you do not value your soul either.” At this statement, the crow shuddered again and flew off.
“Gloo, come here, you miserable wretch.”
“Yes, my lady?”
“Gloo, go to the cellar and get me another vial for a soul.” 
“Yes, my lady,” Gloo said as he quickly ran off. 
The witch returned to studying the book. She thought about the verse “true heart and gentle hand” and wondered if the Ice-Ghost had both. After all, he had defeated her ice-rats with his hands, and one of Moldoff’s fangs. This put doubt into the witch’s mind that he, the Ice-Ghost, had gentle hands. Nonetheless, she continued to read. She read until she found what she was hoping to find. A verse that brought hope to her wicked plan, and in part it stated:
The mightful hand
That believes he is doing justice
Will become a gentler hand
That will be trusted
But should these hands knowingly do wrong
The spell is bust and the doom is long
For more than namesake only
Thou shalt be forever lonely.”
This, the witch thought, is the compelling evidence that I needed. She began to ponder how she would force the Ice-Ghost into aiding her. As she turned to think about what was meant by “namesake,” she saw Gloo, who stood with a vial in his hand. 
“What are you doing sneaking up on me, cockroach?” shouted the witch. “What is it that you want, you villainous vandal of bread crumbs?” 
“The vial, my lady, I brought it as you asked.” 
“Well, I didn’t say to sneak up on me about it, did I?” The ice-witch then loosed a spell on Gloo:
“Things that creep up
And walk a silent trail
Will soon be learned
By a donkey’s tail.”
Gloo then grew a donkey’s tail. The witch snapped her fingers and WHAP! Gloo’s new tail whipped him hard on his legs. The witch smiled. “That should learn you! Now, put the vial in the shelf case next to the Ice-Ghost’s soul, and hurry!” She softly snapped her fingers and the tail did its work again, only this time not as hard. Frantically, Gloo ran to the stepladder and pushed it over to the shelves. He climbed the ladder with the empty vial in his hand and placed it next to Ice-Ghost’s soul. Gloo climbed back down the ladder with head bowed and his tail in his hand. Speaking to herself the witch muttered, “Now, what was it that was I just thinking?” Just then, the crow flew back through her window and down to his perch.
The crow squawked out, “The Ice-Ghost, the Ice-Ghost, my lady, he is walking toward your castle. The Ice-Ghost is approaching.” The witch wanted to know more about the Ice-Ghost’s whereabouts. 
On the wall hung a large mirror. It was the Mirror of Panoramian and she commanded it to awaken. “Mirror, show me the icescape just beyond my front castle wall.”
The mirror awoke and a voice rang out, “As you wish, my lady.”
Instantly, the mirror began to show views of the nearby icescape. The ice-witch soon saw what she was looking for. She thought aloud, “So, he has found his way up my mountain. The fool, he is here! He cannot defeat me, so then why? What for? For the crystals no doubt, no doubt. Or maybe… ” 
The mirror rang out, “Has the lady forgotten? Questions of inquiry I cannot answer and the king’s heirlooms I cannot find.”
 “NOOO! I haven’t forgotten, you glashis gargoyle of glamentia. Do you think I have forgotten this? Someday, I promise I’ll settle our differences with a mallet.” 
Upon hearing this statement, the glass pane of the mirror seemed to recoil and cringe, distorting the image of the Ice-Ghost for a moment. Seeing that the Ice-Ghost was nearby, the witch crossed the hallway into the next room. There she looked out of her window and saw Ice-Ghost approaching. Not knowing what to expect next, Gloo hid himself behind several stacks of boxes. In the next room, the witch watched as the Ice-Ghost continued approaching her castle.
Long ago a beautiful ice pathway led from the bottom of the mountain to the castles front door. The witch had blocked up parts of the pathway with large piles of ice chunks, so that no large devices on wheels could ever venture up it. These obstacles made the trek for Ice-Ghost difficult at times, but did not stop him. Instead, he went up the mountain with grave determination in his eyes. Reaching the top, he peered over the last roadblock and saw the witch’s castle. The castle was made of ice blocks that had light wisps of sand and dirt in each block, which gave the blocks the appearance of a regular stone castle from afar. 
Looking ahead, he could see that the icy path wound its way to the front of the castle. The rest of the mountaintop was covered with snow and hundreds of crystallized trees. Their trunks glimmered, while their branches held hundreds of ice crystals. Although there were many trees, they were too far apart to offer the stealthy trespasser any secrecy. It was for all these reasons that the Ice-Ghost chose to skate the clear path. The witch watched for several moments as the Ice-Ghost approached.
Nervous, the witch went back into the enchantment room where Christy slept. Underneath her breath the witch muttered, “Where is that mule dwarf? Oh well, I need him not. Always in my way of greatness!” For the moment, the witch decided to focus all of her attention on Ice-Ghost, rather than on the insignificant Gloo. She thought, However, time is short. So, how do I do this? The witch muttered to herself, “I cannot kill the Ghost because I need him. So, then, how? How do I convince him that removing the ice crystals can do no one any true harm?” In her anxiety and frustration she cried out, “To rule both worlds, I must have those crystals!” The witch fervently thought about this dilemma. Finally, her devious mind came to another one of her wicked solutions. She started to put her plan to work. The first thing she did was make the sleeping Christy turn invisible.
The witch then looked up on the second shelf where Gloo had set the clear vial. On that shelf were potions that could change people’s appearances and behaviors. There were love potions, sleeping potions, potions to make a champion, potions of fear and potions of confidence. The third shelf had potions that had a temporary effect on the seasons of the year. There were potions for rain clouds, small hurricanes, spring awaking and thunder and lightning. The witch’s shelves had many other assorted types of enchantments. Using her magic, she called down an amphora-shaped vial that contained a green fog. This vial had more curves to it than the rest of the vials on the shelves. The top of the vial had a glass collar with a round hole in it. The cap was shaped like a long grape or olive. The bottom of the cap had a round, thin base, which fit perfectly into the hole of the vial and kept the green fog from leaking out. The witch looked intently at the bottle and then chuckled. My ace in the hole. If it worked once, it’ll work again. She spoke briefly to the vial and then laughed. Next, she went to her closet and brought out a cauldron. Placing it near Christy’s bed, she looked at the cauldron and laughed again.
As the witch laughed, Ice-Ghost had reached the front door of her castle. Looking at the castle’s high wall, he wondered, Why isn’t the witch here to greet me? She must know. 
Baffled for only a moment, Ice-Ghost took out Moldoff’s tooth and tied a thin, but strong rope around it. He began twirling the tooth on the rope in an attempt to toss it over the castle wall. As he twirled the rope, the large castle door slowly creaked open. Ice-Ghost now knew that the witch had been waiting for him and put his rope and tooth away. There was an ominous moment of silence and then Ice-Ghost cautiously walked inside. It was dark inside except for a light that he saw coming from the second floor.

The Queen’s Deal

He went down the hallway and up the stair. He walked down the upstairs hallway until he came to the room of enchantment. As he looked into the room, he noticed it was both wide and tall. Only a few candles in the room were lit, which gave Ice-Ghost an even more ominous feeling. As Ice-Ghost walked through the poorly lit room, he saw large shadows slowly moving about. Ice-Ghost froze in his tracks. The shadows slunk through the room. Ice-Ghost knew that he was once again being surrounded by ice-rats. As he looked around the dimly lit room, he noticed several pairs of glaring grey eyes silently staring at him. 
The silence was soon broken by the clicking of the ice-rats’ tongues. From above and without a moment’s notice, all of the candles in the chandelier were lit. The room’s contents were clearly visible now. Ice-Ghost saw what he had suspected. He was once again surrounded by the ice-rats. Just as he prepared himself for battle, the Ice-Witch walked into the room. For a brief moment, they just stared at each other. While Ice-Ghost had a fierce look of determination on his face, the Ice-Witch had a look of defiance and disgust on hers. However, her tone and demeanor quickly softened. 
“Well, Ghost, you’re still alive.” 
“Apparently,” said the Ghost. 
The witch smiled. “Ghost! I should let my rats feed on you for killing my beloved Moldoff and his brother, but I think I won’t.” 
“That is kind of you,” said Ice-Ghost. “But why the generosity?” 
The witch smiled. “Each of us has made mistakes. Your mistake was coming into my land with your bag of tricks, your rebellion and a clear defiance of my laws. Mine was my gentle enforcing hand, taking away your soul and leaving you to walk in wanderlust, soulless, through the worlds. I have thought long and hard about this decision. My punishment, at the moment, seemed fair, but, lately, I have softened. Maybe you have been punished long enough. Maybe if you had your soul back, you could better understand and judge me. Sometimes, I think that is why you have mistrusted and misunderstood me for so long, because your soul hasn’t been there to help guide you.”
“Maybe,” said Ice-Ghost, as he once again looked upon the ice-rats before turning his attention back to the witch. 
The witch paused for a moment and then continued, “Today, Ghost, things are different. Today, I am ready to reconsider your punishment. Today, I am ready to offer you amnesty and forgiveness. I am willing to put our differences aside. I may even consider returning your soul, Ghost. Would you like that?” 
Ice-Ghost said nothing and just looked at her with a heavy, mistrusting suspicion. The witch then took out Lucille, her Golden Wand. It had a walnut-sized pearl on the tip and a silver band at the bottom. The pearl glowed like the moon. Waving the wand, she called out, “Presentasia.” Christy appeared in the room, lying on her bed of ice. 
“I don’t know what she means to you, Ghost, but you can rescue her soul as well as your own. That is, if you choose to.” 
Ice-Ghost looked at Christy in her deep, cold sleep, lying on her bed of ice. “She is only an acquaintance. I do not know her.” 
“Whether you know her well or not, I care not. Her life, however, now belongs to me. Are you interested or not, Ghost?” The witch laughed and, in a low, crackly, screeching voice said, “Remember, Ghost, nothing comes for free. If you wish to save her, then you must do one small favor for me.” 
At this remark Ice-Ghost smiled and said, “Remove the Ice-Crystals, I presume, since you cannot remove them yourself.” 
“Very good, Ghost, but you are only half right. I can remove them, but it would be quiet messy. Very messy indeed. You can save me the mess and her the pain. You now have a chance to rescue her soul, as well as your own. Do not waste it, Ghost.” Ice-Ghost looked at Christy as she slept. “WELL, Ghost! Are you interested or not? I can make her disappear forever if I want,” said the witch, growing ever more impatient. Pointing her wand at Christy, she gave voice to a foreboding thought. “Maybe I’ll just melt her frozen body out of those skates.” Ice-Ghost could no longer hide his worried look. The witch saw his expression and reveled in her joy. “You know, Ghost, I think you’re not telling me something. I think she means a lot to you, maybe even more than the crystals.” The witch pointed her wand into the air and chanted: 
“Doomalings, Doomalings rise up and see
If today you have one more soul on which to feed.”
Out of the witch’s brewing cauldron flew three Doomalings. Up toward the high ceiling they flew, circling like vultures around their next anticipated meal. The Doomalings looked like translucent bats, with long tails and short, strong arms. The shape of their heads was somewhere between the mix of a pig’s head and a bat’s head. Their mouths seemed to have both a smirk and a smile. Their eyes were deadly serious. Two long fangs protruded from their snouts. The end of their snouts looked somewhat like a pig’s snout, round and indented. In the indentations were two slits that could suck the life force from a victim. Although they looked more like ghosts or phantoms, they were indeed real and deadly. The ice-rats in the room squealed and fled. The crow crouched into the corner of the window opening and closed his eyes. Ice-Ghost felt a cold emptiness like he had never felt before. Seeing this reaction, the witch felt pleased. 
The witch spoke, “Well, Ghost, time is running short and my Doomalings look very hungry. What do you say?” 
As there was not much else that he could do, he asked the witch, “Maret Brundehildigart, how do I know that you will not break your promise this time?” 
The witch looked surprised. “Ghost, I haven’t heard that name in such a long time. You are always full of surprises. As for proof, I will show you soon enough, but, first, you must prove your worth to me by performing an act of good faith.” 
“What is that?” asked Ice-Ghost.
“Ghost, I want you to touch the girl’s skates,” the witch said. 
A suspicious request, he thought, but he could see no harm in it. He leaned over and touched Christy’s skates. As he held his hand on her skates, he sensed the coldness within her body. Not good, he thought. But she is alive. 
The witch, feeling satisfied, said, “Excellent, Ghost, very good.” She then raised her left hand and with her index finger pointing upward began to twirl it. The cap on the green vial behind Ice-Ghost began to spin and lift itself off the bottle. Then, it fell to the ground. A green fog began to push itself out of its container. Suspicious and puzzled, Ice-Ghost could only stand there and expect the worst from this new event. The thick smoke continued to rise five or six feet before it fell to the ground alongside its vial. When the bottle had emptied itself onto the floor, a beautiful young princess began to materialize from within the fog 

Princess Ringold

She spoke in a soft and sweet voice, “Ice-Ghost, I am sorry.” 
Ice-Ghost bowed his head and said, “Princess Ringold.” 
There stood the Forest Princess in her long, sparkling, green dress. She had long, richly colored, brown, wavy hair. Her eyes almost matched the color of her hair. Her skin looked like it had been kissed by the sun. She was of a slender build and beautiful.
“Ice-Ghost, I am truly sorry.’
Ice-Ghost slowly looked up and met her eyes. “So, the Ice-Witch has brought you back.”
Princess Ringold’s eyes filled with tears as she started to say, “I was…,” but before she could finish, the witch raised two fingers to her lips and, with short, waving motions, cast a silence spell on the princess.
“Careful, dear, or I’ll forget that I have been too kind to you wretches.” The witch spoke on her behalf. “What the princess is trying to say, Ghost, is that I have confined her recalcitrant mother and father. So, you see, Ghost, she has been doing my bidding all along. Yet, there are still plenty of reasons to save the Forest Princess.” 
Ice-Ghost looked back into the eyes of the princess and said, “You didn’t know that she would or could take my soul, did you, Princess Ringold?” The princess bowed her head and turned it from side-to-side.
“What a horrible mess,” said Ice-Ghost, looking at Princess Ringold with a warm smile. 
“Her mother and father, where are they?” he demanded of the witch.
With her cackling voice, she shouted, “I’ll set the bargaining here, Ghost.” 
“If you truly want the crystals, then I will set the bargain price.” 
The witch, looking infuriated, restrained herself. 
“Well, Ghost, I will give you credit for being a good negotiator. So name your terms, but I warn you, I have only so much tolerance.” Both Ice-Ghost and the princess knew that once the witch got what she wanted, her plans were to do as she pleased. 
Gloo remained hidden behind the stack of boxes as he listened to the witch. He, too, knew that the witch would never keep to her entire promise and oath. Something awoke in the dwarf that broke away the heavy fear that he had been feeling for a long time. Seeing the crow still quivering with his eyes closed, Gloo ran from behind the stack of boxes to the counter that stood in front of the witch’s potions and enchantment shelves. Peeping his head out, he sheepishly smiled at the princess. Even with a new sense of courage, Gloo found it hard to keep his body from shaking. He was not sure what he would do even if Ice-Ghost decided to trust him.  
Ice-Ghost began making his demands. “First, you must release Princess Ringold’s mother and father and take a witch’s oath to give them safe passage from your realm.” 
The witch looked surprised, “Here, Ghost? You think that they are here?” 
Ice-Ghost replied with certainty, “How you took them from the world’s realms is a mystery to me, but they are here and there will be no deal if you do not release them.”
“Clever, Ghost, very clever. And how they were brought here will remain a mystery to you, Ghost.” The witch paused for a moment. “Very well then, Ghost, they will be released.” The witch mused for a moment and then asked, “Is that all, Ghost, for the world’s greatest gems? Ah ha ah ha ha ha. Is that all?!” 
“Of course not! You must also swear on the Stone of Amara-Nafar never to bother our world again.” 
In the witch’s wicked mind, she was already thinking about how she could break her agreement. She thought long and hard and then smiled, “But ask no more, Ghost. You are once again testing my kindness past its tolerance. Your Minas will be released.”
 “Now,” said Ice-Ghost.
 “Very well, Ghost.” The witch raised her wand. “Minas amass.” Suddenly, standing in front of the Ice-Ghost and the princess were the Minas of the world Aris, Elo Oerol Acampchion, and his wife, Citriouceon of Hene, the nearest of kin to mother nature. Upon seeing her mother and father, Princess Ringold ran over and embraced her parents. 
“Her voice,” demanded Ice-Ghost. With a twirl of the witch’s finger, the princess had her voice again. She quickly whispered something into her parents’ ears.
After a few, long moments of embracing, Elo Acampchion turned to the witch. “Maret Brundehildigart, you wretch, your treachery will be paid for.” Elo Oerol Acampchion then looked at Ice-Ghost. “What brings you here and what has happened to your soul?”
“I cannot tell my story now, Elo Oerol Acampchion.” 
Princess Ringold ran over to Ice-Ghost and hugged him. As she hugged Ice-Ghost, she whispered into his ear, “Gloo is behind the counter and I think he wishes to help us. If you can make him understand, have him take from the left the third vial from the third shelf and give it to us.” That vial was the vial that contained the Awaking of Spring (Spring always needed a little nudge). It had a kaleidoscope of colors in it. 
The witch interrupted, “All right, enough of the touchy-feely gruelalities. We have a bargain waiting.” The witch then pointed her wand at Princess Ringold and lifted her off the ground and back to her parents. 
It was at this moment that the crow Prate opened his fearful eyes. At first, the crow just watched as Ringold was sent back to her parents’ sides. It was then that Ice-Ghost used hand signals to communicate to the dwarf what he wanted, and Gloo gave a nod that he understood. As fate would have it, Prate caught sight of the last hand signals Ice-Ghost was giving to Gloo and he cackled.
 “My lady, my lady, treachery, treachery.” 
The witch turned as Gloo ran and started climbing to the top of the shelf case. He had just reached the top when the witch raised her wand and said, “Tap, rap and slap this fool to me.” As the witch said this, Gloo reached out and grabbed the third vial from the second highest shelf. His tail began to wrap around his body as he reached into the third shelf and was pulled away. Ice-Ghost could only see Gloo from his backside and bowed his head as Gloo was pulled away. Gloo tucked a vial in his sleeve as he was pulled down to the ice-witch.
“Well, you treacherous worm, what have you to say for yourself?” the ice-witch asked as Gloo’s tail picked up a paddle that had been lying on the floor and began to strike him hard. The witch saw a pink vial in Gloo’s hand and took it from him and laughed. “A love potion? You grabbed a love potion! What, my misguided mule, were you going to do with this? Make me love everyone? Perhaps make me forgive and forget what you have done?” The witch laughed. “I don’t think so. And you, Ghost, did you put him up to this? You’ll pay, mark my words, you’ll pay.” The witch turned to Gloo and said, “I’ll just leave you to hang, until I can find a proper way to repay your treachery.” Gloo was turned upside down and left floating in the air.
Ice-Ghost interjected, “Maret Brundehildigart, do you want the deal or not?” 
Elo Oerol Acampchion looked at Ice-Ghost and wondered what type of deal he was making with the witch. For the first time, he also noticed a girl lying on an ice-bed. He wondered who she was and why she was there. He couldn’t fathom how he had missed her when he had first taken in his surroundings. A child in her teens, he thought. As he looked down toward her feet, he noticed the girl’s skates.
Looking gravely at Ice-Ghost, he said, “You cannot do this. I forbid you to do this on our account. Let us stay frozen in her dungeon until a better…” 
“Silence,” said the witch, and with a wave of her hand, the princess and her parents were bound and gagged. 
Princess Ringold struggled and tried to tell Ice-Ghost that Gloo had grabbed the wrong bottle, but she struggled in vain. Ice-Ghost looked sadly at the three and said, “I am sorry, but I must do what I think is best.” Elo Oerol and Citriouceon both shook their heads. 
“If you want the deal, Maret Brundehildigart, send them off now.” 
The witch, looking suspiciously at Ice-Ghost, mused for a moment. “What’s your plan, Ghost, why the big hurry now?” 
“I am ready now, but may change my mind later.”
“Very well, Ghost, but no more tricks.” 
With a wave of her wand, a large ice bubble engulfed the princess and her parents and shrank them down to half the length of a finger. With her finger, the witch called the bubble to her. It floated through the air and stopped a foot away from her. She reached out with her index finger and thumb and held it tight. Her long, cruel fingernails gripped the top and bottom of the bubble as she looked into it. She looked back at Ice-Ghost with a threatening look.
“Remember this, Ghost! Any more treachery on your part and all of you will pay dearly. I will keep your little friend frozen forever or until I can find another way to extract those crystals.” She turned her attention back to the bubble and began to squeeze it. Ice-Ghost could see Princess Ringold and her parents cringe. 
“Stop,” demanded Ice-Ghost.
From the corner of her eye, the witch looked at Ice-Ghost. “Give me your word, Ghost, give me your word that there will not be any more tricks and I will release them.” 
Ice-Ghost looked at the witch and said, “You have my word, no more tricks.”
The witch released the bubble and it continued to float in the air. Inside the witch’s devious mind, she laughed and cackled, Once I have the crystals, the only promise I will keep is to rule the two worlds and be their queen. Ice-Ghost could only guess at what the witch was thinking and he wasn’t too far off the mark. 
“Now, Ghost, to the business at hand.” They walked to the ice-bed where Christy lay and stood face-to-face. Ice-Ghost looked at the Princess and her parents and then back at the witch. 
“Send them back now if you still wish to finalize this deal,” urged Ice-Ghost. 
“Are we agreed then, Ghost? For their freedom, will you extract and give to me upon request the greatest crystals ever made?” 
Ice-Ghost lowered his head and said, “We are agreed and I promise not to break my word on our bargain. However, if you break your word, the deal ends.” 
Ice-Ghost put his hand on his heart and gave his word of honor to retrieve the crystals and the Ice-Witch swore an oath on the Stone Amara-Nafar never to bother their world. 
“Remember,” said Ice-Ghost, “The deal will be nullified if you break your promise and oath.” 
The witch smiled from ear-to-ear. “Good, Ghost, very good. Now, I will do my part.”
She closed her eyes and began to summon her strength. Sending the princess and her parents back to their own world was not an easy task. The witch began to chant: 
“Over the icy hills  
Far, far away
I send you back
To that horrid place
Where all the warm-blooded creatures
Plaaaaay-awparishafield.”
The forest princess could be seen waving goodbye as the bubble floated away. 
Ice-Ghost lowered his head and thought, Goodbye, princess. I promise that I shall see you again. 
The bubble floated through the castle’s wall and the witch called out, “Mirror, show the bubble and where it is going.” 
The mirror rang out, “Yes, my lady,” and the bubble could be seen floating toward Christy’s world. Everyone in the room watched as the bubble swiftly flew toward its mark. Ice-Ghost looked at the mirror and thought, This has to be the Mirror of Panoramian. I wonder how the witch gained possession of it.     
It was during this time that Gloo struggled even harder to work his arm free from his tail. The process was slow and tough. 
Meanwhile, the witch addressed Ice-Ghost. “Well, Ghost, I have your solemn promise that you will remove the crystals on my command and you are bound to it.” 
Ice-Ghost was now looking into the eyes of the witch and he knew what was coming next. He began to wonder if he had done the right thing as this promise was the greatest risk he had ever taken. He just hoped that his eyes had not deceived him. 
The witch interrupted Ice-Ghost’s thoughts and said, “Ghost, I now command you to remove the Ice-Crystals.” 
Not knowing what else to do, Ice-Ghost replied, “Very well, but the first thing you must do is to awaken the girl, Christy.” 
“Why, Ghost? Why must I do this? How do you know? Who are you really, Ghost? I think that you are more than just one of the nobles of Ary.” 
Ice-Ghost smiled, “That was not part of our deal.” 
“Well, never mind, Ghost, but do get on with it.” The witch reached out and re-called her sleeping fog. The fog flowed from Christy’s body and into the witch’s hand. Christy soon awoke. 
“Where am I? Ice-Ghost, you’re here.” She then turned and saw the witch. “Well, it wasn’t a dream after all…of course not.” Then she noticed that Gloo was floating upside down in the air and had grown a donkey’s tail. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by Ice-Ghost. “Christy, are you okay?” 
She nodded as she tried to sit up. “Ice-Ghost, I cannot move my arms or legs.”
Ice-Ghost turned to the witch, “This was not the bargain.”
“Settle down, Ghost, settle down. It is only the lingering effects of my sleep fog. It will soon pass.” 
Christy wiggled her fingers and said, “I can move my fingers now, Ice-Ghost.” She looked up at Ice-Ghost and asked, “What’s going to happen now?” 
“Don’t worry, this will soon be over.” 
The witch, growing impatient, lashed out. “Come on, Ghost, hurry. My patience is wearing thin.” 
Ice-Ghost replied, “Yes, my lady.” 
The witch smiled.
“Very good, Ghost, very good. Maybe I will have an important job for you later.”
“I think not,” replied Ice-Ghost.
“Very well, Ghost, very well. No great loss.”
Ice-Ghost looked up and saw Gloo still struggling to move his hand and wondered what he was doing. Not wanting to draw any attention toward Gloo, Ice-Ghost quickly looked back down at Christy. Trying to buy more time, Ice-Ghost attempted to converse with the witch. “Brundehildigart, now that you will have the gems, will you stop searching through other worlds?”
The witch curled her lip and with a honey-coated voice said, “Why, Ghost, I’ve already promised not to trouble you in your world.” It was then that Ice-Ghost finally figured out what the witch had based her promise on. If she were ruler of both worlds, she could do as she wished to them and their world, and not break her oath. After all, the witch had promised not to bother them in their world, but not in her world. His thoughts were soon interrupted.
“You’re stalling now, Ghost, be on with it.”
“Very well, my lady,” Ice-Ghost removed one of the bags from his belt and held it in his hand. Untying the string that kept the bag closed, he began to pour some dust from it onto his hands. 
“What is that, Ghost?”  asked the witch.
“It is the Dust of Dawn, a minute portion of it.” He rubbed it deep into his hands. Then, he began to rub his hands furiously together until they became a bright orange and yellowish color. When he stopped rubbing his hands, he appeared to be in a trance. 
The witch found this fascinating and then commanded, “Okay, Ghost, now remove the skates from the girl.”
In a deep, hollow voice Ice-Ghost replied, “True to his craft, patterns unknown, to corrupt his thought, is to be cursed unborn.” 
“What, what does that mean, Ghost? That you cannot keep your promise? I’ll destroy all of you for this.” 
Ice-Ghost, in his hollow voice, replied, “Our bargain was for the crystals, but not the scorn of Darian’s wrath.” 
The witch calmed herself. “Yesss, yesss, I care not for the shoes. It is the crystals that I crave. I command you to complete our bargain.” 
Ice-Ghost responded, “Yes, the promise will now be kept, but I warn you, beware of the power that was never meant to be taken.” 
“Enough already!” bellowed the witch.
Ice-Ghost turned to Christy. “Close your eyes and do not look until the crystals have been removed.” 
Ice-Ghost clasped his hands onto the sides of Christy’s skate blade and held them there. Nothing appeared to happen. The witch began to stir.
 “Nothing, Ghost, nothing…” groaned the witch.
Suddenly, a light began to emanate from Ice-Ghost’s hands and he spoke these words out loud, “The mightful hand that believes he is doing justice will become a gentler hand that can be trusted. Should these hands knowingly do wrong, the spell is bust and the doom is long.” Ice-Ghost felt a bone-deep chill in his body and his hands began to burn from the cold. Just when he felt that he could no longer bear the pain, the crystal came loose. 
Although he felt relieved, he still had one more crystal to remove. He clasped his hands on Christy’s other skate blade and once again he felt the bone-deep chill. The other ice crystal came off. Ice-Ghost held an ice-crystal in each hand. His body shivered and quaked. The Ice-Witch looked on in awe. Suddenly, Ice-Ghost felt his hands being forced together. Cupped in between his palms, the crystals joined together in the shape of a heart. His body began to chill as his hands began to freeze. He tried to drop the crystals, but his arms could no longer move. Ice-Ghost took a step back and his body began to freeze. The witch quickly took the crystal from his hands and held it in hers. Her eyes opened wider than they ever had before.
“Finally,” she cried, “it is mine, mine!” She held the ice-crystal tight as she continued to say, “Mine, forever mine. I shall rule the worlds in the coldest and most benevolent way that a queen can.” Just then, her hair began to freeze into thick strands of ice. The strands began to shape themselves into ice snakes that swayed on her head. She began to grow taller and shapelier. Her face thinned as her body began to frost. Soon, she stood before Ice-Ghost as a new woman: tall, slender and terrifyingly beautiful. 
Before Ice-Ghost completely froze, what he saw standing before him now was a cold terrifying, and yet beautiful woman. Cruel but queenly, he thought as he completely froze.
“Noooo!” cried out Christy as Ice-Ghost froze solid. 
The witch cackled in her new thin, sweet, but poisoned voice, “YES, YES, YESSS! You’re next, my dear.” She turned to look up at Gloo. “And you, you shall be dealt with a slower punishment, one that seems more fitting, I think!” She turned her attention back to Christy and touched her with her wand. It sparked against her skin and nothing more. The witch looked perplexed.
“What is this new magic? AAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!” 
She then touched Gloo with her wand and he let out a scream. She looked back at Christy and thought, The Ghost. He must have helped her in some way. But how? The witch took out from her cloak a big mallet that she had always threatened the mirror with and screamed out.
 “Mirror, what is it that you see? What stops my magic from working? Be quick or you’ll pay dearly.” 
The mirror quaked, “I know not, but look to your book for the answer.” The witch lowered her mallet.
“Yes, of course, you worthless, unhelpful thing.” As she looked into the mirror, she saw herself for the first time in her new form. She smiled, feeling an overwhelming pleasure with her new appearance. 
She went back to her book and, in a commanding voice said, “Book, I am now the holder of the truest Ice-Crystal ever brought forth, the Ice-Crystals of Wintoria, the fourth daughter of the King. Speak to me now, I command you.” The book opened and its pages began to rapidly turn themselves. Finally, they stopped and a voice rang out:
“One are two
as two are one.
One has both,
the other has none.
From deepest southern 
to furthest northern point,
the greatest queen of this world
can now claim her throne.”
“I thank you, book, but I have an obstacle. My magic does not work on the brat here. Tell your queen, the greatest who has ever been, why her magic has been thwarted by just a common warm-blood!”
The Book of Magic was silent for a moment and then spoke: 
“The magic of the ice-crystal 
that this child had borne
runs deep in her veins
and nothing more.
For the queen to fully take her role,
the carrier of the crystals 
must lose her soul.”
“Is that all?” asked the witch. 
“That is all, my lady and queen.” 
The witch laughed hard and was delighted. “Well, then, book, can I just remove her soul and store it with my collection of souls?” 
“For your magic to fully work, my queen, her soul must be devoured to the point of no return.”
“Very well then,” the witch said as she looked up to where the Doomalings were circling. “Doomalings,” she called out, “come and enjoy the tastiest soul you’ll ever have. Come and be quick.” 
Gloo screamed out, “No!” But the witch stuffed the end of his tail into his mouth. 
The Doomalings began to drift downward. The slits in their noses began to open as the ends of their snouts began to flare. They could smell the fresh scent of Christy’s soul and were coming down to feast. Christy had regained some use of her arms and legs and was now trying to sit up as they landed on her bed. Their whip-like tongues began to lick their snouts as they leaned toward their victim. Christy had almost succeeded in sitting up when they pressed their cold snouts against her skin. She fell back onto the bed and cried out as the crow screamed. The crow had just seen the vial that contained Spring Awaking slip out from Gloo’s sleeve and fall to the floor. The witch turned in time to see the vial crash and break on the floor. 
“WHAT! NOOOOO!” she screamed. “How can this be? AAAAAAgggggghhhhh!!!” 
The witch now realized why Gloo had been squirming so much and raised her wand and called out, “Finesto trans neddy,” Gloo completely transformed into a donkey and fell to the ground. 
Gloo quickly scrambled up from the floor and blinked his big, brown eyes. He sat on his hind legs, while he looked at his front hooves. A sad look came onto his donkey’s face and he let out a long bray. Seeing this, Christy, felt sad for the dwarf, even though he had tricked her. The witch felt no pity and raised her wand for one of the worst curses she could give anyone. It was the spell of infinite non-existence: Infi-Exultancy-Demery. This spell removed not only the recipient, but all of those who followed after him or her—their children, grandchildren, and so on. It was a spell that a witch had to use wisely and cautiously because no witch could know exactly what the outcome would be.
As the witch raised her hand, she heard a crack, followed by another. The ice floor was beginning to fracture and splinter. She lowered her hands. “Nooo!” She then screeched out. “The Awaking of Spring, darn you, dwarf. Oh well, it is only the Awaking, not Spring itself. I can fix that soon enough.” She saw Gloo run over to the corner of the room and lay down as he put his hooves over his eyes. She looked over at Ice-Ghost and saw that he was thawing out from head to toe, at about the speed a feather would fall. The witched turned to Gloo. “I’m going to deal with you later, mule.”
	The Doomalings, sensing the Spring Awaking, began to screech. Their eyes began to widen and turn around and around in their heads. Their bodies began to form marble-sized bubbles under their skins. The bubbles began to move in circles as the doomalings teetered and sputtered. Each, with a wailing screech, jumped off the bed and flew back into the cauldron from whence they had come.
“Rats!” the witch called out, but no rats came. 
Ice-Ghost looked over at Christy and asked, “Are you all right?” 
Christy cautiously sat up and smiled, “Yes, the Doomalings put their icy snouts on me and I felt cold, but it was Gloo who stopped it.”
Ice-Ghost turned to the witch. “You have the Ice-Crystal, now let us go. You made a promise on the stone.” 
“Yes, but you broke the deal when your accomplice Gloo awoke Spring at your bidding.” 
“He did not awake spring at my bidding. He did it on his own accord.” 
“Well, then, good, good. One bad turn deserves another, as I have always said. Aaah ha ha ha.” 
The witch tapped the floor with her wand and a new sheet of ice formed, covering the fractured floor. With the exception of the high large window opening that the crow would fly through, all of the other openings in the walls froze shut. The witch looked around and was pleased. 
She stood silent for a moment and then said, “Ghost, I will keep my bargain in the same fashion as you have kept yours.”
The witch raised her wand and the tip of it began to glow. “Excandlia!” she screamed and all of the lights in the room went out. The only thing visible was the witch’s grimacing, cruel face, which was lit by the glow of her wand. Everyone else seemed like darkened figures, except for their eyes. 
The witch closed her eyes and summoned her new ally. “Come out, my Sheila Serpentine.”
The witch’s body began to shake and convulse as the smaller snakes on top of her head moved aside. A very large ice snake began to emerge from the top of the witch’s head. Before the snake’s head completely emerged, it paused and flicked its tongue out as if to test the air. Sensing that everything was okay, it slowly continued to slither out. Its strong jaw and eyes were now visible. The serpent slithered out past its neck and then paused to look around the room. It saw its meal, but pretended to pay it no attention. After it had completely slithered out, the witch stopped convulsing and opened her eyes. She addressed Ice-Ghost. 
“As I said before, Ghost, one bad turn deserves another, wouldn’t you say? Since I am a lady of my word and oath, I will not harm you or your little friends, but I cannot say the same for Sheila. When I come back from the northern top of the world, I will feed your bodies to my rats. That is, unless Sheila finds them edible. Well, I must be off. Excurpolar,” she said and disappeared. 
The room went black and silent. Christy called out to Ice-Ghost and he responded, “Don’t worry, I am here.”
Searching in the dark, Ice-Ghost, found Christy and instructed her. “Hold on to my arm, Christy, and do not let go,” Although he was glad to see that Christy could now walk, he said nothing more.  
The penetrating silence hung like a fog until a heavy, grinding, rasping sound was heard as the snake moved toward them. The thick body of the snake rubbed against Christy’s foot as its body began to coil around Ice-Ghost. He fumbled through the pouches on his belt as Sheila’s coils locked his arm to his side. “I’ve got it,” he whispered as Sheila’s coil began to squeeze the arm that held what Ice-Ghost had been searching for. His other arm still remained partially free. Sheila squeezed harder until Ice-Ghost had no choice, but to release what he had in his hand. It was Moldoff’s tooth and the small, shining locket. Both the locket and tooth fell to the ground. Although the locket shone, the rest of the room remained dark. All that anyone could see was that Ice-Ghost was locked in a deadly battle with the gleaming snake, while Christy looked on in horror just a few feet away. 
Sheila’s body glistened from the small shining light of the locket. Her transparent skin shone and twinkled with each tiny movement. Each scute of her snakeskin was the size of a five-karat diamond, glistening in the light. Her head had the appearance of smooth crystal. On the sides of her head were large, bulging eyes that had light green circles around them. She had two deadly fangs and at the base of them could be seen a white, milky venom.
Gloo cried out, “No, no, no, what have I done?” as he stared hopelessly at the floor. His gaze wandered until he noticed that there was a bit of the broken vial nearby with a few droplets of Spring Awaking still on it. With a lot of hope and excitement, Gloo began to bray.
Meanwhile, Ice-Ghost was fighting for his life. Miraculously, he had slipped his arm out from Sheila’s death coil. With her head and neck she lunged forward, trying to sink her deadly fangs into Ice-Ghost’s chest. With his free arm, he thwarted her lunges. As she continued to lunge, she tightened her grip even more. Ice-Ghost groaned and leaned forward, falling to the ground and taking the snake with him. 
Christy froze, not knowing what to do. Then, she cried out to Gloo. “Gloo, we must do something, please.”
Gloo finally found his voice and, panting heavily, ran over to Christy, “The tooth!” 
Christy grabbed the tooth, lunged at the snake and stabbed it repeatedly. The attack did not seem to have any effect on Sheila. 
Gloo ran to the broken bottom of the vial. Pointing at it with his ears, he shouted out, “Girl, quick, dip the tooth here, quick!” 
Christy noticed for the first time the bit of broken glass and knew what Gloo wanted her to do. With both of his donkey’s ears still pointed at the broken vial, he shouted out, “Hurry, dip it in, dip it.”  Christy dipped the tooth in the droplet.
Ice-Ghost could feel some of his bones bending from the pressure of the snake’s coil. With both hands, he struggled to hold back the snake as her fangs got closer to his chest. Not able to bear any more pain, Ice-Ghost let out a large cry, “Aarrrrrggghhh!” 
Christy heard Ice-Ghost cry out in pain and, with the dipped tooth, came running back to where Ice-Ghost and Sheila battled. With all her might, she thrust the tooth into Sheila’s head. The tooth pierced, but did not go very deep. Sheila, caught by surprise, released her prey and, with lightning speed, turned and faced Christy. 
Standing high on two coils and with eyes blinking, Sheila wondered what this attack meant. Sheila stared at Christy with an almost quizzical look on her face. Then, flicked her icy tongue out and began to lunge forward before suddenly stopping. She paused for a brief moment then leaned back into her upright position. Her mouth gaped open as it made a large “IIIiisshhhssssss” sound. Then in an instant, she began to fracture into thousands of five-karat sized diamonds. 
Ice-Ghost remained on the floor, his bruised ribs making it difficult for him to move. Gloo and Christy quickly turned to him.
In frantic voices, they echoed, “Ice-Ghost, Ice-Ghost, are you all right?” 
Ice-Ghost stirred and answered, “Yes, I’m okay, just a little bruised, I suppose.”
They searched the dimly lit room for some candles and then lit them. 
Christy reluctantly smiled. “The snake fell into fragments because of the Spring Awaking. We are free. Free to go home, Ice-Ghost, wherever our homes may be.”
Ice-Ghost struggled to his feet. “No, I do not think that we can leave. The witch has the ice-crystal of Wintoria. She has already closed the path that leads to your world.”
“How can you be so sure?” Christy asked.
Gloo turned to Christy. “He knows, girl, he knows.” 
“What then should we do?” asked Gloo.
“Only the Ice-Queen can open that path. We can wait at the window that is at the end of the path, but I fear it will never open even though the two worlds are still aligned. Instead, I must go to the northern top of this world and destroy the witch.” 
With ears pointed upward, Gloo asked, “Can you do that, Ghost? Do you have that kind of power?” 
“No, but I must try and I must hurry before she lifts her Ice-Kingdom from out of the ground.”
Christy’s eyes welled up. “How I do wish I was at home. I am sorry for saying that, but I do.” She looked at Ice-Ghost and said, “I will go with you.” 
Ice-Ghost lowered his head and said, “I do not know which is safer, leaving you here or taking you with me. The Doomalings may have frightened the ice-rats away, but I fear that it is only temporary. They will be back. However, it is a long journey to the northern top of the world.”
At this statement, Gloo had a quizzical look on his face. “I don’t know, I don’t know, maybe not. I have never dared to enter into the witch’s cauldron by myself, but I have seen it flown without her being in it. When the renegade we called Waxen Dwarf helped trap Princess Ringold’s mother, he was allowed to use her cauldron. He flew it by himself!” 
Christy asked Gloo, “How is that possible? Does the Waxen Dwarf possess magic?”
“No, I think it flew because the witch can store her magic in it, magic that controls the cauldron,” replied Gloo. 
Ice-Ghost walked over to the corner of the room where the witch’s flying cauldron sat. He looked inside the cauldron and saw a footstool and a club. He guessed that the witch must use the footstool when flying the cauldron. As for the other item, he chose not to think about what heartless deeds she did with it. “Gloo,” he said, “can you operate this?” 
Looking at his hooves, Gloo replied, “Like this? I don’t think so. Somewhere, there is a lever that you can pull that allows you to operate it manually.” 
Ice-Ghost looked around until he found the lever and pulled it causing a steering wheel, similar to one found in a ship, to pop up. Once the steering wheel popped up, the cauldron began to make a soft woom-woom sound. Looking at the cauldron Ice-Ghost said, “Well, this is interesting.” 
Ice-Ghost stepped into the cauldron and turned the wheel. The cauldron turned right. He turned the wheel the other way and it turned left. He pulled the wheel back and it lifted off the ground. He pushed the wheel forward and it went back to the ground. 
This seems easy enough, thought Ice-Ghost. Ice-Ghost looked at Christy and she looked imploringly back at Ice-Ghost. 
“Okay, Christy, I will take you, but you must promise to do as I ask when we get there.”
Christy smiled and said, “But I want to help.” Just then, a long faint “Reaaaaacht” could be heard from outside. The ice-witch’s rats had been gathering a safe distance away from the castle. 
“Promise me you will.” 
Christy lowered her head and said, “I promise.”
Gloo, with eyes wide open, begged, “Please take me with you. I don’t want to stay here, and maybe I can help.”
Ice-Ghost looked at the size of the cauldron and said, “Very well, but this is going to be dangerous.” 
“I know, I know,” Gloo replied anxiously, “but if the witch is destroyed, my people will be free to come and go as they please. Many have not seen their home in a long time.”
“So,” said Ice-Ghost, “is that the reason you have been the witch’s henchman for so long?” 
Gloo bowed his head and answered, “Yes, it has been a terrible life and I am sorry.”
Ice-Ghost got out of the cauldron and knelt on one knee, so that he was face-to-face with Gloo. 
“I am sorry to hear that, my friend,” said Ice-Ghost. Gloo raised his eyes at the word ‘friend’ and knew that the Ice-Ghost had meant it. 
“And thank you, Gloo, for saving us. We could not have escaped without your help.” 
Gloo smiled and bowed. “You’re welcome, but let’s not speak of that anymore, friend. For now, I would like to know how we are going to deal with the witch.”
“I don’t know,” replied Ice-Ghost, “but we have rats that will soon find the courage to enter the castle again. I think we are safe for now, but we must hurry and make a plan. The three sat huddled in the room of enchantments. “What do you think we should do now, Ice-Ghost?” asked Christy. 
Ice-Ghost lowered his head and said, “I don’t know yet, Christy, but we’ll find something.” 
Just then, he looked over and saw something lying on the floor. It was the last droplet of Spring Awaking sitting at the bottom of the broken vial. Seeing it gave him an idea. Ice-Ghost picked up the tooth and the broken vial. Then, he sat back down and removed from one of his little bags an object resembling a twisted nail. Methodically, he began to drill into the top of the tooth. 
Gloo asked, “Do you have a plan, Ghost?”
“Yes, my friend, but it was really your idea.”
“Good, good, I won’t ask about the details until you’re done.”
“Thank you again, my friend, and I am glad because I don’t want to worry anyone yet.”
After 15 minutes of painstaking work, he had hollowed a thin hole in the tip of the tooth. He then poured the last remaining droplet of Spring Awaking into it. Using wax from one of the witch’s candles, he covered the drilled hole. Just then a loud “Reeeeeaaaacht” was heard outside the castle walls. Tucking the tooth into his tunic, he stood up and looked at both Gloo and Christy.
“I think that it is time we left for the top of the world. We must hurry.” 
Everyone climbed into the cauldron and Ice-Ghost began to pull the wheel back when, suddenly, they heard a voice call out.
“Wait! Wait! Please take me with you.” They turned to see a face in the mirror. Gloo turned to Ice-Ghost.
“The mirror is no more of a friend to the witch than I am.” 
Ice-Ghost turned to the mirror and spoke, “Mirror of Panoramian, I presume.”
“It is I, my young Numen.” 
Christy softly asked, “Numen?”
Gloo interrupted her, “Do not bother yourself about that name yet, girl.”
Christy turned to Gloo, “Christy, please call me Christy.”
Gloo smiled, “I am sorry, but for now, Christy, it would be better if you forgot the name.”
Christy smiled, “Yes, there are greater things at hand.”
The conversation continued with Ice-Ghost and the mirror. “No doubt you have a story that needs to be told, but time is short. As I have said, it will be dangerous and there will be no place for you to hide. You could easily be broken, I fear.” 
The mirror replied, “Please, call me Pan, and, as for a place to hide, I need none. I have not had a place to hide from the witch’s scorn for a very long time. I would rather chance being broken or cracked than spend the next thousand years at the mercy of the witch.”
“Very well then, Pan, but you come at your own peril. We must hurry.” 
“Thank you, thank you,” said Pan. 
Just at that moment everyone heard ice-rats hurriedly clawing through the frozen doorway.
Ice-Ghost skated while Gloo trotted over to where Pan hung on the wall.  With Gloo standing alongside him, Ice-Ghost removed Pan from the wall just as they heard a small boom and crashing sound. The ice-rats had clawed and broke through the doorway opening. 
 Ice-rats!” cried out Christy as she looked out of the cauldron. “Please, everyone into the cauldron now.” The ice-rats ran toward them. 
With Pan now in Ice-Ghost hands, they ran and leaped into the cauldron. Ice-Ghost grabbed the wheel and quickly pulled it back. Into the air they went as the giant rats leaped upward, trying to grab hold of the cauldron’s rim. The cauldron was jarred every time an ice-rat’s body slammed into it. Ice-Ghost struggled with the wheel. Two of the rats succeeded in grabbing the cauldron’s rim and began to pull it down. One of the ice-rats was able to slip its head into the cauldron. Just then, Christy screamed out, “Gloo!” With his hind legs, Gloo kicked the ice-rat’s head so hard that it let go and fell to the ground. 
The cauldron began to rise again, but there was still one remaining rat to be dealt with. Gloo jumped on top of the rim and began stomping on the rat’s feet. It released one of its clawed feet as Gloo began to jump on the other.
“Careful, Gloo,” was all that Christy could say before the rat reached up with its other clawed foot and grabbed Gloo by his ears and pulled Gloo down as he fell. Christy had only a second to grab Gloo’s tail as his body disappeared from sight. Gloo’s tail wrapped around Christy’s arm, as she struggled not to be pulled down with him. 
“Ow, my ears! Ow, my tail!” is what everyone heard next.
The ice-rat quickly climbed up Gloo and put its snout into the cauldron, when WHAM! Christy punched the rat in its sensitive sniffing nose. The ice-rat squealed out a loud groan as it went crashing down onto the floor. Ice-Ghost was now able to stabilize the cauldron and help Christy pull Gloo back into it. Down below the sound of ice-rats angrily squealing could be heard. Not wanting to hear any more Ice-Ghost flew the cauldron up and out of the castle’s window opening and into the horizon. 
Out into the open air Ice-Ghost flew the cauldron and no one spoke a word, until Ice-Ghost finally broke the silence. “Ahhh, nice punch, Christy. Had that big punch for very long?” 
With her own feeling of disbelief, she answered, “Nooo…just found it.” Then, she shrugged her shoulders and smiled. In a daze, Christy sat down and rethought the moment. I just punched a giant rat on the nose. I actually did it. 
Ice-Ghost chuckled and then smiled, “Oh, by the way Christy, nice job,” and turned back around and continued flying the cauldron northbound. Everyone felt relieved, but very tired from the ordeal. Their trip started out with very little talking. Eventually, Ice-Ghost spoke with Gloo as he flew the cauldron. Being lost in her own thoughts, Christy heard little of what was being said. As they flew, Christy couldn’t help, but wonder what Ice-Ghost was going to do with the tooth and droplet of Spring Awaking. Was he going to kill the witch? 
“Ice-Ghost,” she finally asked, “are you going to kill the witch?” 
“No, I do not think that this plan will kill her. I only hope that, if I can prick her with the tooth, it will thaw out some of the coldness she holds so near to her heart.” 
With an uneasy look, Christy asked, “What if that doesn’t work?” 
“I do not know, but where there is hope, there is life. At least that’s what some people say.” This answer did not make those riders in the cauldron feel very hopeful, but it sufficed. Everyone fell silent again as they continued to fly toward the northern top of the world. Onward they flew until the silence became so deafening that all they could hear was their heartbeats and the wind. 
As they approached the northern top of the world, Pan scanned for the whereabouts of the witch. When he found her, he navigated them to where she was standing. As they got closer, they could see the tiny figure of the witch in the distance. 
“This is as far as everyone goes. I will finish this adventure alone,” said Ice-Ghost. 
“No!” everyone cried. 
“I am sorry, but this I must do alone.” 
Pan boomed out, “We have no time left. Look, the castle is already breaking out from the ground. If its foundation completely rises to the ground, she will enter into it and find the Chain of Deprivation. It is a chain that will allow her power to come in full circle and upsurge. She will attach the ice-crystal to it and it will give her powers beyond even her own comprehension. She will have the power to keep the world in a deep sleep forever. Finish her now, Numen, or none of us will see our freedoms again. Now, Numen, now!”
Seeing the urgency in Pan’s eyes, Ice-Ghost asked Gloo, “Can you fly this?” 
“What? Fly this? I…I…I don’t have any hands. I don’t know. I don’t know.” 
“Fly it, Gloo, you can do it. You must do it.” 
“All right, all right, but I sure wish I had some hands. I’d feel more comfortable about this choice. What are you planning on doing?” 
“Hopefully I can get close enough to prick her with this tooth.” 
Gloo looked at the tooth. “You know, Ice-Ghost, this moment is the very first time that I can say I’m glad to see that tooth, but don’t let me interrupt. What’s the plan?”
“If you can fly me close enough to the witch, I will jump out of the cauldron and prick her with the tooth. After I jump, Gloo, you must quickly turn and fly the cauldron to a safe place.” 
“Okay, but couldn’t I just land the cauldron on top of her?” 
“No, too risky.” 
Gloo put his hooves on the wheel and began to steer. Ice-Ghost asked Christy to keep her head down as they descended and flew straight toward the witch. The closer they got, the more the air was filled with the cracking and grinding sounds of the world’s most supreme Ice-Castle rising from the ground. Already, the turrets on the castle walls could be seen. Soon, the towers had risen above the ground, followed by the tall, thick, ice-curtain walls. The castle creaked and groaned as it emerged from the ground. 
As they flew through the air, Ice-Ghost took the tooth out of his tunic and turned to Gloo.
“Remember, after I leap from the cauldron, quickly turn and fly to a safe place.” He clutched the tooth in his hand and readied himself for what he had to do. As they got closer to the witch, he removed the wax from the tip of the tooth and got ready to jump. 
“Steady, steady. Turn now, Gloo!” Ice-Ghost yelled as he jumped out of the cauldron. The witch suddenly sensed the presence of her cauldron and turned around with snake-like speed. 
“Suspensia!” she yelled and Ice-Ghost froze in the air. Gloo and the others sped away.
His hand had stopped no more than two inches from her. The tooth was cupped in his hand and out of the witch’s line of sight. If he could just twitch a finger, he could drop the tooth onto her exposed ankle, but he could not get any part of his body to move, not even a fraction of an inch. As the others sped away, the witch hit the cauldron with a pounding spell, causing everyone to be dumped onto the ground. Gloo, Pan, and Christy fell to the ground and did not stir. The other contents of the cauldron lay beside them. The ground continued to groan and shake as the castle emerged causing the witch to laugh with glee before returning her attention to Ice-Ghost.
“I thought I’d killed you, Ghost. You and your kind are such a pestilence, but I will soon fix that.” 
Then, she turned back to watch the castle rise. The castle continued to rise as larger and larger pieces of it broke through the ground.  The sound of the ground violently shaking rumbled through the air. The air rumbled so much that it slowly rattled the tooth in Ice-Ghost’s hand, until it fell. The witch turned just in time to watch it fall and stab into her foot. The droplet of Spring Awaking drained from the hole of the tooth and into the witch’s skin. For a moment the witch seemed perplexed at this turn of event. She shook her foot and the tooth was flung aside.  
“What is this, Ghost? Yet another of your stupid tricks? Well, whatever it is, it has failed.” The witch then sensed something was different. It had become very quiet. 
She turned and saw that the walls of the castle had emerged. Its walls were glimmering and smooth, the towers contained conical spheres and the high-gated entrance loomed toward the sky. Inside the castle’s walls were courtyards and the main building. The Keep, where all the heirlooms of the first witch had been locked away, was located on the eastern side of the courtyard. It was there that the Chain of Deprivation was stored, the chain that could complete the regal magic of the Ice-Crystals. 
The witch beheld her castle with joy, but the moment quickly passed as she realized that something was wrong. As she scanned the castle’s exterior, she noticed that the front gate was not all of the way up and could not be opened. The foundation of her castle had not completely risen. Quickly, she raised her wand and repeated the spell. “Accre-altos-acroplis-menum-bondeye.” When that spell didn’t work, she tried every other spell she knew. However, neither creak nor groan disturbed the silence. She dropped her arms and stared at the castle’s wall. Her blood began to slowly boil.

 The Not So Much Plan 
      
The contents of the cauldron had been tossed out and were lying on the snow-covered ground. Gloo, Christy and Pan began to stir as they felt the uncomfortable coldness of the snow. The cauldron had fallen between them and the witch offering some shelter from what lay in front of them. Gloo and Christy slowly inched their way toward Pan, who had landed only a few feet behind the cauldron.
Pan looked at them and asked, “Is everyone okay?”
Both Gloo and Christy said, “Yes, I am fine.”
Christy asked, “What happened and where is Ice-Ghost?”
Pan answered, “We were hit by a strong spell that knocked us out of the witch’s cauldron.”
Pan’s face moved up to the highest corner of his mirror to see past the cauldron. He saw Ice-Ghost and reported to his friends.
“Ice-Ghost is a hop, skip and a big jump away from us on the other side of this cauldron. Things do not look so well for him, though. We must do something quick!” They huddled together and began whispering ideas. Well, at least Pan and Christy were whispering. Gloo, on the other hand, lay on the ground with his hooves crossed over his eyes muttering, “Oohh, this is bad. This is bad.” Christy tried to calm him by placing with her arm around his furry neck. 
“I’ve got a plan!” said Pan. 
Christy turned to Gloo. “Gloo, please stop. Pan has a plan and we need you.” Gloo stopped wailing and faced Christy. For the first time, he saw how they were somewhat alike. Both were away from their loved ones. Both seemed lost and frightened and both needed each other to be strong. The courage of the dwarves awoke in him. His conviction to help was completely renewed. Christy saw this renewal in his eyes and she smiled. So did Pan.
“I’m all right now. Better than alright. So now, what is your plan, Pan?”
“Christy, Gloo, if the witch tries to cast a spell on either of you, come hide behind me.” 
“What will that do and what will happen to you?” Christy asked. 
“Maybe nothing, maybe everything, but I don’t care. Once, the witch aimed a spell at me, or so I thought, but nothing ever happened. Her explanation was that she had changed her mind and wanted to be nice, but I’m not convinced. Since then, she has always threatened me with her wooden mallet.”
Christy spoke, “Well, yes, Pan, but you could be wrong. You could die or something worse.”
“Just do as I ask,” said Pan. “I no longer fear the witch.”    
This statement comforted Christy and she smiled. Gloo looked up.
“This is your plan? To hide behind you? Not much of a plan, Pan. We won’t be able to hide behind you forever.” 
Pan looked at Christy and Gloo, and said, “Well, the rest will come as things progress, I imagine.” Pan turned a shade of awkward grey for a moment and then spoke again. “Listen,” said Pan. “Ice-Ghost is in grievous trouble. The witch has him frozen in the air.”
Christy involuntarily let out an, “Oh dear.”
Pan continued, “Maybe, if we can distract the witch, Gloo could Ghost-nap him and we could escape and hide. Maybe he has something in one of those pouches that can help him out of the spell.”
Gloo shook his head in disbelief. “Ghost-nap?” inquired Gloo.
“Ghost-nap, kidnap, you know what I mean,” retorted Pan. 
“I don’t know, mirror,” said Gloo. “Let’s say we get Ice-Ghost, then what? Where do we go and how will we get there? We have nowhere to hide, no food, no water!” 
Pan laughed, “I don’t know. We probably won’t get that far in our plan anyhow.” Christy, with an awe struck face, just stared at Pan. Pan looked around and saw the witch’s club lying on the ground. “Or, Gloo, you could take the witch’s club in your teeth, run up behind her and strike her on the head with it.” Christy now had a dejected look on her face and blanched.
Gloo rubbed his ears together, “No, no, no. I like the first plan better, Pan. It’s so unexpected and, without all the complex and strangling details attached to it, it just might work! Besides, I don’t have a better plan.”
Without changing her expression, Christy chimed in, “It might work?”
Gloo turned to Christy. “And your plan, my dear?”
This question put Christy on the spot. Blushing, and with a faint smile, Christy replied, “Well, yes. It…it might work!” The three were about to discuss further details about their plan when Gloo went stiff and silent.    
“Do you hear that?” asked Gloo. 
“I hear nothing,” replied Christy. There was an eerie absence of sound. They peered around the cauldron and saw the witch standing in front of Ice-Ghost as he remained suspended in the air.
The silence was soon broken by the witch, “Aaaaggghhh, my magic, my castle, my magic! What have you done?”
Just then, the witch’s ice snakes on her head went limp. Her view became blocked as some of the snakes dangled over her eyes. Then, a cracking sound could be heard coming from one of the castle’s walls. The witch pushed aside the dangling snakes just in time to see her castle walls begin to crack. 
“Noooo!” cried the witch, as the ice castle began to crumble. “You, you, you, Ghost, you will pay the ultimate price that any life can ever pay.” The witch raised her wand and began the worst spell imaginable: the curse of Kavadier/Kavadium, the spell of Half Life, Half Death, Eternal Abyss. The sky above them darkened and the air felt heavy and energized as she began to cast her spell:
“Veklum incessant Vulkor
Non rem abied
Amaranthine Purgateal.”
As she spoke, the large pearl tip of her wand began to emanate a bright blue energy force. The light spread across the tip of her wand until only the front half of the pearl was glowing. In the darkened sky, small, glowing white clouds began to form. The air became more violent as she continued her spell: 
“Volum lecter haas 
Nos devium aparva 
Lectuum Kavadier, Kavadium.”
She continued her curse while glaring at Ice-Ghost. He kept struggling from within, but could not succeed in moving an inch. With all of his might, he struggled, but it was in vain. He knew that the witch was coming to the end of her spell and could do nothing, but listen, while she said the last verse, “Ahok Rrrraaahbashz!” Then, the spell was unleashed. 
Through the air it went and, at that moment, so did the trio. Abandoning their first plan, Christy grabbed Pan by his hang string and leaped forward. Gloo decided to leap onto the back of Ice-Ghost, hoping to push him down onto the ground and out of the way of the spell. While holding Pan up as a shield, Christy landed right in front of Ice-Ghost and Gloo as the spell was unleashed. Onward came the giant blast of the spell and it hit Pan dead center. Pan, tormented by the blast, let out a loud, “Aaaaarrrrggggggg,” while Christy shuddered from behind him. Christy became tormented as she heard Pan scream.
As the blast continued hitting Pan, the lightning blue spell began to splash away in all directions. The very end of the spell balled up against the mirror and was reflected back onto the witch. The witch froze for a moment in awe. Then, she cried out, “No, no, no, no, no…I…it…” as she shrank until she was the size of a pearl. When she stopped shrinking, she just disappeared with a hiss and a poof. The only thing that remained of her was her wand and the heart-shaped Ice-Crystal.
The wand fell upright into the snow. The pearl tip glowed as the wand grew seven feet tall. After the wand stopped growing, the pearl’s light went out. Ice-Ghost, with Gloo on his back, fell to the ground. Some of Gloo’s hair was singed from the witch’s blast, but, other than that, he was okay.
“Gloo, you’re as heavy as a mule,” groaned Ice-Ghost.
Sitting on Ice-Ghost’s back, Gloo looked at his feet and hands. “Yippity oh, tippity yo, I’m me again.” Ice-Ghost was able to move now and rolled Gloo off his back. It seemed that all of the things that the witch had done were now undoing themselves. 
As for the witch’s Ice-Crystal, it split in half. One half zoomed into the air and came crashing down into the ice, burrowing itself deep into the immensely thick ice-sheet. The other half flew off to the southern part of the world and did the same. Soon, a faint wailing scream could be heard coming from the south.
Poor Pan was lying on the ground. His mirror frame was singed by the blast of the spell. Everyone gathered around Pan. 
“Pan, are you all right? Pan? Pan, can you hear me? Please say something, anything.” Christy’s eyes began to well up and Gloo cried. Ice-Ghost put the backs of his fingers on Pan’s pane and bowed his head. It had become a cheerless mood for everyone. Everyone bowed their heads. 
“Wha-wha-Happy New Year’s, everybody,” Pan said as his eyes opened and he smiled. On the corner of his forehead was a small, star-like crack. Other than that crack, Pan looked fine.
Ice-Ghost looked at Pan and said, “The witch is gone.” 
“Happy New Year,” Pan repeated. 
Christy, with a remorseful face, said apologetically to Pan, “Pan, I am so sorry. Can you forgive me? I didn’t have time to think. You could have been…well, you know.”
Pan laughed a laugh that could have opened up a rosebud. “You did exactly what I asked of you and I am sure we are all thankful.” The four spoke together and rejoiced. 
Christy often had a practical side to her that she could not always contain. “I am so glad that we are free of the witch, but what shall we do now? Where shall we go and how will we get there? The witch’s magic is gone. I fear the cauldron will no longer be able to help us.” 
Pan chuckled and smiled. “Sweet, innocent little girl of one of the outer worlds. The cauldron belonged to the king. Maret Brundehildigart captured the cauldron and enslaved it. Its real title is the “Pot of Alms” and the King used it when his citizens were in need.”
Christy and Ice-Ghost both felt a sigh of relief. Then the expression of relief suddenly left Ice-Ghost’s face and was replaced with none at all. Christy’s moment of joy was replaced with a moment of concern.
“What’s the matter, Ice-Ghost?”
With a pensive look, Ice-Ghost replied, “We must leave and I must see all of you back to your homes safely. Then, I must go back to the witch’s castle and look for my soul.” 
Christy spoke first. “Then, I will go with you. I want to be there.” Gloo followed with the same response. It became unanimous as Pan spoke. Before they left, Ice-Ghost made a strange request. He asked everyone to face where Brundehildigart had last been seen and bow their heads. 
Ice-Ghost spoke, “Good luck and farewell, Maret Brundehildigart and may happiness find you.” 
Everyone found it odd and yet strangely fitting that Ice-Ghost gave her a short and sincere eulogy. Then, they climbed back into the cauldron. Ice-Ghost, with the help of Pan, steered the Pot of Alms back to the witch’s castle. Everyone felt relieved and joyous, except for Ice-Ghost, who seemed distant. Ice-Ghost remained surprisingly quiet throughout the trip. Pan spoke with Christy and Gloo through most of the trip, but eventually quieted down. Every now and then, Pan would look at Ice-Ghost from the corner of his mirror, but said nothing. 
“Gloo, what will you do now?” asked Christy.
With raised eyebrows, he stammered, “What, what will I do, hmmm…” The question caught Gloo by surprise, but he managed a warm smile. “I will go to the mines and seek my friends and family. Now that the witch has passed, the great gates to the mines will be opened.”
“Did your people lock the gates?”
“No, young one, the witch put a great spell on the locks and no one has been able to open them since.”
With a great look of concern, Christy asked, “Then are they trapped?”
“No, no, no, my child, not quite. How can anyone be trapped in paradise? The mines are a place of beauty and awe. There are tall marble columns that reach up to the smooth surface of the mine’s ceiling and beautiful inlaid granite floors. In the Quarrine, there is a great fountain that spews the clearest water the eye has ever seen, or the palate has ever tasted. It is a great world in a great world…now that the witch is no more.”
“You make this place seem so beautiful. I wish that I could see it someday.”
“Someday, my child, perhaps someday,” Gloo said as he smiled.
“Will your people come out now?” asked Christy.
“Yes, indeed, but what is more important is that those dwarves who wandered and were shut out of the mine can now return. My people are now free to come and go as they please and I am glad.” 
Christy lowered her head and sighed.
“Gloo, I hope that you can see your friends and family soon.”
Hearing Christy sigh woke Gloo up from his dream of being home again.
“Don’t worry, Christy. We will all be home soon. I’m sure of it.”
Christy looked up and smiled. “Do you think so?’
“Of course, of course, lest I go from a mule to horse,” he said. Then, with a reassuring smile, he laughed. 
Gloo then asked, “Christy, what will you do when you are home?”
Christy had to think about that question for some time. Finally, she said, “Hug my parents.” Then, she added, “Gloo, do the kids go to school in the mines?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Do they get time off from school?”
“Yes, it is called Funtine and lasts through two full moons.”
“Well, that is what I’ll do when I am home. Go to school and enjoy my summers. Oh and I also want to become…” Before she could finish, the cauldron rocked.
Ice-Ghost turned and apologized, “I’m sorry, my hand slipped from the wheel.” 
Christy looked at Ice-Ghost, who turned and faced forward.
“Pan, what’s wrong? You’re awfully quiet,” Christy said.
Pan said nothing and Ice-Ghost remained quiet. Gloo had noticed that Ice-Ghost looked tired and troubled. Gloo stood next to Ice-Ghost.
“My friend, allow me to steer for a while. It looks like you could use some rest.”
Ice-Ghost, with a tired smile, answered, “Thank you, Gloo, but I’ll be all right.”
“Yes, you’ll be all right, but, right now, you need some rest. I see it in your eyes, my friend.”
Reluctant at first, Ice-Ghost refused the offer. It was not until all of the others urged Ice-Ghost to rest that he surrendered the wheel to Gloo. Christy felt that, maybe now, she could converse with the two, but she was wrong. Both Pan and Ice-Ghost remained silent.
Christy was finding this silence troubling and was about to ask Pan another question when Gloo blurted out, “Look, it’s the witch’s castle or what is left of it! I believe all of her power has left this world. It is gone.”
As they approached the castle, they saw many brown patches where the snow and ice had once been. As the Pot of Alms descended, they saw the last remaining fragments of the witch’s castle. Giant columns and pillars of ice stood where once there where walls and towers. 
“Oh my,” said Christy, knowing that somewhere in the ruins was Ice-Ghost’s soul. 
Gloo steered the pot in between the ice-pillars, hoping to find the witch’s enchantment room or, at least, what was left of it. Gloo saw a pile of debris and headed for it.
Gloo landed the Pot of Alms and everyone got out. On the ground were many broken and spilled vials. Some of the contents seemed to be flowing away, as if headed in an intentional direction. Ice-Ghost fell to his hands and knees and started to cough. 
Christy turned. “What’s wrong, Ice-Ghost?” 
Pan, with an anguished look, spoke. “He has been without his soul for too long. He is dying. We must find his vial and hope that it is not broken. I can see that there are still many vials that remain intact.” 
Gloo spoke up and said, “Then let us carefully sort through the pile.” As they approached the pile, many of the colored fluids on the ground began to disperse in all directions. The colored fluids spread out like a school of tiny fish does when a shadow is cast upon them. Gloo and Christy carefully searched through the pile of broken and unbroken vials. After several moments, Gloo held a vial that was cracked and missing its lid. He had seen it many times before. It was the vial that had held the soul of Ice-Ghost. 
“Nooo,” he wailed and Christy went pale. She looked over at Ice-Ghost.
“Ice-Ghost, I…I…I…I…” Just then, Christy noticed there were several pale figures approaching from behind the tall pillars of icicles. They were some of the souls that the witch had taken from her victims. The tallest figure stood in front of the rest. Ice-Ghost, still coughing and on his knees, turned and saw the pale figures approaching. He was weak and his body quivered as he struggled to stand. Gloo tried to help him, but Ice-Ghost refused the help.
“No, Gloo, for this act, I must stand on my own.” He struggled and faltered, his body trembling as he struggled to stand. Finally, he was on his feet and closed his eyes. Then, his soul returned to his body. A light tan hue returned to his skin as he breathed in deeply. His hair turned a cinnamon brown and his eyes became hazel. When he opened his eyes, light seemed to shine from within them. 
“Ice-Ghost, you’ve changed! Well, what I mean is that you are different, and not.” Christy had a hard time trying to describe her feelings. For the first time, she thought about how wonderful and warm his presence seemed to be. 
“Hello, Christy, and thank you.” He turned to Gloo and Pan and thanked them also. Christy hesitated for a moment before she spoke again.
“Now that I see you, I wonder why you were called Ice-Ghost. Yet, I think I know why. Without a soul, the body becomes ill and faint.” 
“That’s right, but time is short and the worlds will soon un-align. Christy, you must leave now before the world’s window closes. This world is changing and the window between worlds will be less seen in the future, or at least that is what I think.” 
Ice-Ghost looked around at the souls who had now gathered around them. Most of the souls were of dwarf size. Ice-Ghost asked Gloo if he thought that he would be able to help them find their owners. 
“I think they are the souls of friends, family and my clan,” responded Gloo.
“Then, can you help them?” asked Ice-Ghost.
“Yes, my people live deep in the mines where it is warm and where the witch never dared to go. Others have been scattered throughout the land since the great gate had been shut by the witch. I will search and find their owners.”
Ice-Ghost turned to Pan. “As for the unopened vials that we have found, am I right in thinking that we should release their contents, Pan?”
“Yes, yes, by all means. They are parts of our world that should be free. The few remaining vials with souls Gloo shall take when he leaves for his home.” 
It was agreed and they opened all of the vials. Some of the vials contained liquids that raced along the ground until they could be seen no more, while others began to soak into the soil. Some were smoke, vapors or gases that flew into the air. Everyone could sense that a change was taking place.
The remaining icicles that clung to the trees melted away and the trees began to blossom. The sky became the most beautiful shades of blue imaginable and, as it reached toward the horizon, it softened into a light blue before changing into a powdery purple. Nearby a rainbow bridged across a hillside. A single songbird that could be heard was soon joined by others. The world had become so incredibly beautiful that Christy didn’t want to leave. She had fallen in love with this new world since the witch had been dispatched. She now realized that she had grown very fond of her new friends and, of all of her new friends, she knew that Ice-Ghost would be the one she missed the most. Time, however, was running out. Ice-Ghost and the others rushed Christy to the end of the path where the window last dropped and the worlds connected. 
This place still had a thick sheet of ice on the ground. Christy looked into the familiar darkness and sighed. On this side of the darkness were her new friends and a new beautiful world; a world she had taken part in making right. Yet, on the other side, was the world where she had been loved since the day she was born; a world of family and friends. As Christy lamented about this choice, she thought she heard a faint call. It came from inside the dark void. It was very faint, but she thought she recognized the voice. That voice sounds like the voice of my mother, she thought. She listened closely, hoping to hear it again. Ice-Ghost looked up into the sky.
“Here it comes,” he said. “I see it. The window is coming. Christy, be prepared to leave soon.”
“Window?” Christy looked up into the sky, but could not see anything. “Where? What window, Ice-Ghost? I do not see one.”
Ice-Ghost continued looking into the sky. “It is coming,” he assured Christy.
Christy continued to strain her eyes in hope of seeing the window. Finally, she saw the small rectangular frame slowly spinning through the air. 
“Oh my. I see it. I see it. Ice-Ghost, I see it. How marvelous. It’s golden. I wonder why?” Downward it continued to fall, getting larger as it came. Over the darkness it went and then into the darkness it fell. In the darkness, a thud could be heard, followed by the sound of a large window being opened. This time, when she faced the darkness and she heard her mother’s voice, it seemed soft, but clear.     
Christy turned to her friends and with a happy expression said, “It’s my mother’s voice. This time I am sure of it.” They returned her smile as Christy lost hers. “I’m going to miss all of you…wait, maybe you could come and visit me. I would love that. Ice-Ghost, you could meet my mother and my father, oh, everyone. My world also has so many wonderful things. Gloo, Pan, it would be wonderful.”
Pan smiled. “Sure, I’d love to go visit and hang around.” 
There was an awkward moment of silence as the others looked at Pan. Christy laughed.
“That was funny, Pan. Thank you,” said Christy
Pan continued with, “I hope it’s not a reflection of…” when Ice-Ghost interrupted Pan. 
“I am sorry for interrupting you, my good friend, but, for now, time is short.” 
Pan smiled. “Yes, yes, you are correct. Let’s do move on with it.”
Christy stepped toward Gloo and smiled. “Goodbye, Gloo, I am going to miss you. And thank you.”
Gloo bowed and then slapped with each hand both his knees three times. When he looked up, he saw that Christy looked puzzled.
“That is how the dwarves say goodbye when we think we may not see a loved one for a long time. We slap our laps three times, clap three times, you and I pat our hands together twice and we bump our foreheads gently.” After Christy and Gloo said goodbye dwarf-style, Gloo looked up at Christy with misty eyes, bowed and turned away. She then turned toward Pan.
“Child, we shall say goodbye in the same fashion.”
Below Pan’s face two hands appeared and together Christy and Pan slapped, clapped, patted and bumped foreheads. As they bumped foreheads, Pan rose up in his mirror and kissed Christy on the forehead.
“Farewell, child of Aris, may the sun shine fair on your face and the guardian Angelica follow your footsteps.”
“Thank you, Pan,” she said. Then, she turned to Ice-Ghost.
Ice-Ghost smiled and laughed, “It shall be in the fashion of dwarves.” They, too, followed the tradition of the dwarves. At the end of their farewell Christy couldn’t help herself and embraced Ice-Ghost in a hug.
He comforted her and then said, “It is time.” He turned Christy toward the darkness and said to her, “Christy, all that you have to do is skate through the darkness and toward your mother’s voice. You’ll be okay, okay, okaaay…”  Ice-Ghost’s voice trickled away. 
Christy awoke to see her mother, father, the ice-rink manager and a young man standing next to her. 
“Oh, thank God, my little Christy is okay,” said Christy’s mother.
“What happened?” asked Christy. 
Everyone looked puzzled and the boy spoke. “It was awesome! You did an almost perfect triple Lutz until one of the laces on your skate came partially undone and got caught your blade. Then, the toe of your skate blade caught some bad ice and you fell. You’ve only been out a minute or two.” 
Everyone helped Christy to her feet and escorted her to a bench. 
“Poor thing, you must be cold, dear.” 
“I’m fine, Momma,” Christy said as her mother continued examining her from head to toe until she was sure Christy was okay. 
Then Christy’s mother said, “Oh my, the little glass bits that were on your skates are gone.” 
Christy did not, at first, hear what her mother had said. She had been too busy studying the young man who had just helped her. 
Looking at him suspiciously, she asked, “What is your name?” 
He paused for a moment and then replied, “Karston…Bairn. I am the new caretaker of the ice.” 
Christy’s mother looked curiously at Karston and then back at Christy. Odd, she thought. My little ice-ballerina seemed fond of those bits of glass.
She repeated, “Sweetheart, your glass bits are gone and you’ve had them since…I…I can’t remember.” 
Christy replied, “Mom, they were ice-crystals and my skates are fine without them.”
“Yes, but I still wonder if we should ever find them on all of that ice.” 
Christy replied, “Losing them has been an adventure, but I think the Ice-Crystals belong to the ice now.” 
Christy’s mother began to wonder what had come over Christy and said no more.
Karston turned to Christy and smiled, “Yes, they belong to the ice.” 


