
Witches of The Demon Isle Box Set 

Volume 1: Make Me a Real Girl
Volume 2: What Bites Me

Rachel Humphrey – D’aigle 
Copyright 2011

Make Me a Real Girl, Volume 1

CHAPTER ONE

Melinda Howard poured a potion into a small glass vial. She used a funnel, not trusting her unsteady fingers. It was her first time making this particular potion and if the results were anything less than perfect, the consequences would be fatal to the vampire standing in her kitchen. 
He was across the room. A good fifteen feet away, but it felt as though he were hovering just inches behind her, watching her every move. Movements that suddenly became heavy and awkward. 
Darn it all! She chastised herself silently. Keep it together, you’re almost done. 
She exhaled, letting out a surge of hot breath, shuddering as an electrified pulse fired down her spine at the thought of him watching her. 
Her heart quickened, her fingers quivering as she removed the funnel, the vial nearly filled. Just one final step to complete the potion. She shoved her chin-length chestnut bangs behind her ear, grabbing an already filled dropper and added the contents within to the vial. 
The mixture sizzled, a small plume of steam erupting from the vial before the clear liquid inside turned to deep red. Melinda smiled, relieved by the outcome. She let the buildup of nervousness escape with her next breath, corked the vial, turned and tossed it to the vampire. 
It went high, threatening to fly over his head and crash into a wall. He deftly jumped into the air, caught it, and landed without a sound.  
“Good catch, William,” Melinda said, winking playfully.
The vampire threw Melinda a stern look before drinking the contents of the vial.
“Like you’d miss,” she added, rolling her eyes at him. She averted her gaze, unable to linger in his for long. 
“I never miss,” William replied matter-of-factly. The vampire straightened his black pullover, the dark color only further accentuating the paleness of his neck and face.  
“Did it work?” Melinda asked, venturing another look in his direction. 
“It tastes correct.” He paused, savoring the warm sensation the potion gave him as it forced its way through his veins like the blood that no longer willingly pumped its way through his body. “I do believe you did perfect, Melinda. Well done.” 
She curtsied, nodding in appreciation to her one vampire audience, hurriedly turning away again, to avoid making eye contact. 
His eyes narrowed in a questioning manner. “Are you okay this morning?”
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. He noticed… I so suck at acting… “Um, yes,” she answered too hesitantly. She cleared her throat. “I’m fine. Why do you ask?”
“You seem on edge.”
On edge? Really? You have no idea, her thoughts exclaimed loudly. She wished she could tell him the truth- that her edginess was completely his fault. 
Melinda had dreamt about William just hours before. A dream that left an unsatisfied ache etching into every part of her body as she recalled all the things he had done to her in said dream. She still felt the coolness of his fingers tracing the curves of her back, as if he were doing it to her right in the kitchen, this very minute. 
She’d had a crush on William for years, but she’d never dreamt of him, not like this. She’d awakened to a pleasant sting trailing across her skin where his lips had caressed her… where his fangs had… 
“There it is again,” the vampire noted, disrupting her memory. “I’ve never heard your heart flutter like that before. Are you ill?”
Stupid William and his super vampire hearing! “William, I promise you, I’m fine. I was just nervous about making the potion, and was recalling my dream from last night.” This was a partial truth. There had been a second dream. A much less pleasant dream, one she had shared with him. 
“Very well,” he conceded. 
Her skin flushed, her gaze lowered. 
William recognized Melinda’s lie; her teeth tugged at her bottom lip and she couldn’t look him in the eye… a sure sign she was holding back on him. Something that was happening more often in the previous months. 
Blood rushed through her veins. A sound that delighted the vampire. He listened as it pulsed faster each time her heart fluttered. It was a new flutter. One he’d never heard before. He dared a glance, and upon seeing the bursts pulsing just beneath her skin, his fangs ached to drop and have just a little taste. 
He scowled, this reaction displeasing him immensely. It was not normal, appropriate or acceptable behavior. Not for him. 
It was too bad he needed to have a blood-empty stomach before drinking the potion. He’d have to wait thirty minutes before partaking in his typical breakfast of warmed, week-old animal blood. It hardly sounded appetizing compared to the lovely blood-filled creature standing just out of reach…
“William,” he barely heard Melinda call out. “Would you put this away for me? I can’t reach.” She outstretched her arm, holding a jar filled with herbs. She lifted her head when he did not reply, the jar slipping through her fingers, suddenly unable to maintain their grip. 
William caught the jar with ease and spun around to put it away, too late to hide his mistake. He might have controlled his fangs and kept his distance, but his eyes had turned a ravenous black. Normally, being around humans was tolerable. He’d had hundreds of years of practice. This morning, however, was particularly difficult. Melinda’s blood had always smelled appealing. But this morning it was practically calling out to him. “Please drink me. I belong only to you.”  
His hungry black eyes were something Melinda had witnessed before. She didn’t understand why it startled her so badly this time. Perhaps it was that she’d never been alone with him before when it had happened. She’d never had steamy dreams about him before, either. 
Embarrassed by her reaction, she grabbed a few potion supplies and busied herself putting them away. She took a glance and noticed William’s typical emerald greens had replaced the greedy black. 
God, I love his eyes… She let out an exasperated breath, wishing she could just forget every detail of last night’s William dream. It would never come true anyway. 
William was a vampire. She was a human. A witch, but still human. And William had a strict no-dating-humans policy. 
As she cleaned up the potion-making mess, a young man entered the kitchen, at the same time running his gel covered hands through his spiky hair. He quickly regretted that choice thinking instead that he needed to plug his nose.  “Potion time again,” he realized, rinsing his fingers off in the sink. 
“Good morning, Michael,” said the vampire to the young man, who was Melinda’s twenty-three year old brother. “The taste is as loathsome as the smell.” William made a face that said, be glad you’re not the one drinking it. 
Michael was about to reply when a voice startled them from the hallway, behind them. “Good thing the potion’s worth the price, then.” 
“Charlie!” Melinda raced past Michael and jumped into her eldest brother’s, flannel covered arms. 
Charlie twirled his sister in a circle, hugging her fiercely. He was not just older than she and Michael, but much larger, too. A broad shouldered, rugged man of twenty-six. 
“Hiya, Kiddo.”
“God, you reek!” she choked out sarcastically. “More so than the potion, and that’s not an easy feat!” 
“That’s what happens when you take a three day fishing trip,” Charlie said, letting her slide back down to the floor. “I had to come home before the full moon.” His words really meaning, if it wasn’t rising soon, I’d still be gone. 
“Yeah, of course you would. It’s just nice to have you back in the house again.”  
“Which just proves my point that you’re still not getting out enough, Sis.” 
“Don’t start with me again about that! I’m getting out plenty. Remember that date I went on, like, a month ago...” her voice trailed off at the end, as she recalled the date had actually been over two months previous. 
“My point exactly.” Charlie poked her side, affectionately.  
Melinda had tried to forget that last date. It ended badly. Not that it had started all that great. But she’d given in and gone home with him. He’d proceeded to call her something along the lines of adorable... She was pretty sure when he said adorable, he meant chubby. Which she wasn’t. Not really. 
Yeah, she’d eaten too much during their date, but that was mostly because he never shut the heck up and gave her a chance to speak. So yes, her pooch was a little bigger than it might have been normally. But it was the way he’d spoken his goodbye. Like he’d done her some charitable favor by going out with her. 
She’d left that part out when telling her brothers how the date went. The guy was a total jerkface. Her evening had been empty. Meaningless. And a complete waste of time.
But he’d gotten what he wanted… 
Of course, if her brothers or William had found out how jerkface had treated her, they’d probably have killed the guy. Or at the very least, injured him severely. 
Charlie grabbed a mug of coffee and nodded toward his brother Michael, who refused to return the gesture. Charlie had hoped to avoid another argument so soon after arriving home. 
As it turned out, Michael didn’t feel like arguing either. “Meeting Emily for coffee,” he explained, promptly leaving.  
Charlie shook his head, disappointed. 
“Give him time,” the vampire advised kindly.  
“Why does he have to be so damn stubborn?”
Melinda snorted. “Um, gee. Maybe because he’s a Howard.” 
“Exactly. He is a Howard, and like it or not we have a responsibility to uphold…”
“Michael gets that, Charlie,” Melinda cut him off. “He’s just not as accepting of his fate as we are,” she added dramatically. “He sort of has a point though. I mean, why should he be forced to spend his life protecting the Isle, just because he’s a Howard?” 
“We don’t get to make that choice, Melinda.” Charlie stated it with finality. He glanced at the vampire, searching for approval, but William’s face showed no sign of his true feelings on the matter. Charlie had not thought it possible, but the vampire appeared distracted. When William didn’t answer he changed the subject. 
“Thanks for making the potion for me, Sis. I left for my trip so fast I completely forgot about it.” 
“No worries. You’ve had a lot on your mind. Besides, I’d do just about anything for My William.” She decided the best way to move past last night’s dream was to treat William as she always did. 
The vampire breathed out testily. “Melinda, you must stop calling me that. It is not right. Not only am I nearly four hundred years old, but until quite recently I was your legal guardian. Must I keep reminding you of this?” 
“William,” she retorted innocently. “I’m twenty-one and you’re the only man I can flirt with in this testosterone filled house. Besides, you make it so easy. Have you looked at yourself lately? That’s right, you can’t. So I must take it upon myself to remind you how handsome a vampire you are.” 
Yes, she thought. Ridiculously handsome. No, he was beyond handsome now, especially after last night. He’d gone straight from handsome vampire she had a crush on to forbidden fanged hotty in a matter of a single dream. She tapped her fingers on the counter as if this movement would somehow drown out the racing heartbeats thudding against her chest.
Apparently, forgetting about the dream was not going to be easy.  
And the truth was, William did have a reflection. But it wasn’t one his own eyes could see. A side effect of the potion he’d just downed. It made looking into glass, difficult. Things had a fuzzy appearance. One bad side effect that was worth the freedom the potion gave him. 
William noted the change in her heart rhythms again but ignored it, tossing Charlie a look that pleaded for his agreement in the matter of her affections. 
“Maybe, Melinda, you would be better off saving your attention for someone your own age,” Charlie said, backing up the vampire. “And not to bring it back up again, but perhaps if you got out of the house more often…” 
“Charlie, you’ve scared off all the guys I’ve dated!” Except for jerkface, which she’d done herself apparently, by just being her. And there had only been two other guys she’d dated before him. Three whole guys, twenty-one years old. So beyond pathetic. Melinda tensed. She had chosen jerkface, to give herself to. She was never going to forgive herself for that choice. But she hadn’t wanted to carry the label virgin anymore. 
How stupid that label seemed now. She still felt like a virgin. At least she hadn’t told jerkface he was her first… not that the fact redeemed her decision at all. 
She put her stubborn gaze back on. “Charlie, between you, Michael and William drilling my dates with questions no normal human would comprehend, it’s no wonder they never call back for second dates.” She lashed out, preferring to believe it was them and not her, driving them away. But how could it not be her? She just wasn’t date material. Or perhaps the other two had just wanted what she’d given jerkface, and when she didn’t… 
Dating sucks. 
But she’d blame it on her brothers, just the same. 
Charlie patted her shoulder. “I’m just looking out for you, Kiddo.” 
“Well, you can’t have it both ways,” she argued hotly. “If I leave the house and start dating more, you have to accept the guys I go out with. No more scaring them away.” 
“Okay. You’re right. Why don’t you go out now? I can clean up this mess.” 
Melinda shook her head, a hesitant tingle creeping into her gut. Talking about leaving was easy, but actually leaving the house was a much scarier thought. And going on another date with a another guy she didn’t know… just a bad idea. 
“I made the mess, I’ll clean it up. Besides, it’s sort of a badge of honor, first time making the potion for My William and all. I just hope I got it right.”  
Charlie threw her a look that said, you’re making excuses, but let it slide as William dramatically rushed to the front kitchen window. He tore off his pullover revealing his chiseled bare chest and flung open the curtains, the bright morning sunlight flooding the room, exposing him to potentially fatal rays.  
Both Melinda and Charlie stood wide-eyed, waiting to smell smoke or see flames erupt. Instead, William’s mouth turned into the slightest of smiles. 
“You nearly gave me a heart attack!” Melinda shouted. “What if the potion hadn’t worked?”
“There is only one way to find out if the potion did work.”  
“But you could have tested it on a finger, not your entire body!” she protested. 
“I have complete faith in you, Melinda.” William pulled his shirt back over his head. 
She made a face, knowing he was just trying to prove a point, by agreeing with Charlie. She was a bright, beautiful and talented young woman that needed to find a life outside of the Howard Mansion. But they were the only ones who had such thoughts. 
William had just been standing in the kitchen, shirtless. And she’d been too stunned by his attempt at burning himself that she hadn’t even enjoyed his magnificently chiseled chest. She shivered at the thought of his cold skin touching her own. 
Did it just get hotter in here? Did the air just get sucked out of the room? Why did William have to be an off limits vampire? 
Physically, he was the epitome of perfection, at least in her eyes. Tall. On the thin side but not wiry. A first glance wouldn’t tell you instantly that he was stronger than any human man. That awareness came from the confidence he exuded in every movement he made. The draw of his gaze, the pull of his smile, the very manner in which he carried himself just strutting down the sidewalk. All things, which depending on his mood, either blanketed you in complete security, or emitted predatory threats that warned… I wouldn’t walk down any dark alleys alone, if I were you…     
More than all that, Melinda knew him. Trusted him. Heck, he was her best friend. Her confidant. 
Why couldn’t real life be as easy and exciting as her dream life? 
Melinda kept up her stubborn front. “You haven’t tested the potion completely, William. It’s the other function that’s the really tricky part.” 
“I will be out taking a stroll if you need me,” the vampire responded tersely. 
Melinda spoke quite seriously as he departed. “If anyone suddenly realizes you’re a vampire that has lived in this town for over a hundred years, and hasn’t aged… come home at once and I’ll try again.”  
Getting the potion just right was usually Charlie’s job as he was the most practiced at making potions out of the three siblings. But after a heated argument with his brother, Michael, he had abruptly left for a fishing trip and had forgotten to make William’s masking potion. They always kept an emergency vial of it, just in case, but Melinda had wanted to try her hand at making it instead.  
As long as made correctly, and taken every three months, the masking potion allowed William not only to walk in the daylight, but allowed him to live freely, leading an almost normal life. 
The potion kept people in the town from realizing he did not age. They just knew him as William Wakefield, longtime friend to the Howard family; one of The Demon Isles founding families. 
In addition, four years previously, William had temporarily become guardian of the three siblings after their parents had mysteriously disappeared during a hunting trip into White Pines National Park. A place frequented by many tourists on the Isle. Not that they needed a guardian seeing as Charlie was twenty-two at the time. But the siblings had needed William, and he had been their parent’s longest and most trusted friend. 
Some locals believed that the sibling’s parents had befallen some terrible accident, the type usually associated with careless tourists that refused to heed repeated warnings. Like how one misstep on the rocky cliffs might send you plunging to your death, or how fast you could find yourself in trouble when the tide came in and suddenly you’re stuck on the one rock that’s just barely sticking out of the water, or worse, in a cave that now has no exit. 
However, a handful of locals were aware of the truth: that hunting meant their parents were searching for The Demon Isle’s magical power source… a source that to this day, had yet to be located; even by the many generations of Howards to have come and gone from the Isle. All the siblings were certain of, is that the search had claimed the lives of their parents, just as it had claimed the lives of numerous Howard Witches before them. 
But it was this very power source that the Howard siblings also defended, often putting their own lives on the line to protect. It was what their family had always done: protect the source from being discovered and falling into the wrong hands. 
Of equal importance were the incessant attempts by various supernatural beings that came to the Isle in hopes of drawing on that power, or overthrowing the Howards and claiming the Isle for themselves, therefore putting the locals and the tourists in constant danger. 
Dangers that newer locals opted to ignore or pass off as strange, but somehow explainable, events. Many, of course, chose to exploit the Isle’s mystical draw, now making it a top vacation spot for fans of the supernatural and paranormal. This only complicated the lives of the siblings as these fans often got more trouble than they bargained for. 
Charlie offered again to help clean up the kitchen.  
“I can handle it,” Melinda said. “You should get unpacked, maybe take a shower.” She wrinkled her nose at his fishy stench. 
“I should have been here to help you.” His voice held guilt as he grabbed half-filled vials and dried herbs, returning them to their cupboards. Melinda didn’t argue, she enjoyed her brother’s company. 
 “For your knowledge,” she explained after a bit, “I did get out while you were away. I went on a patrol with William.”
“That’s not getting out,” her brother argued. 
“Is too.”
“We patrol at night. And patrolling is work.”
“Yes, but there’s sometimes still people around.”
“Work is not a life, Melinda. You need friends. You need to get out and have fun. What about the friends you used to go to school with?” Charlie asked. “That guy you went out with a few months ago…”
Jerkface, or possibly the guy before jerkface. “They’ve all moved away, gone to college,” she claimed quickly. “And what’s wrong with hanging out with my brothers? Or William? And there’s Emily...”
Charlie snorted. “When she comes to the house to see Michael. I don’t want to push you, Melinda, but like you said earlier, you’re twenty-one. You should be out on the beach, partying, going on dates and getting into trouble.” He thought about that for a minute. “Okay, make that partying lightly but... you get what I mean.” 
“I’m trying, Charlie.”
“I know, Kiddo.” He saw the uneasiness in her eyes. “Just keep taking little steps and even though we give you a hard time, screw us! Just go have some fun.”  
“Yeah, okay. Fun. It’s my top priority,” she voiced, with fake enthusiasm. 
Charlie didn’t push it further. 

##

Michael got out of the house as fast as possible, making his way toward the café he was sure Emily would be exiting at any minute. She always stopped for coffee and a crème horn on her way to work. 
He heard the ding of a door opening and out she stepped. It calmed him immediately, bettering his mood, as Emily emitted brightness and happiness.
“Michael,” she called out upon seeing him. “What are you up to this morning?” Her southern drawl was muffled by the swallowing of coffee. 
He caught up to her. “Hi, Em. Thought I’d walk you to work.” 
“That’s so sweet of you.” She grinned widely. A grin that shot warmth into his core. She’d done that to him since the day they’d met, just under five years before. 
She reached up and tussled his newly cut hair. Not one hair moved against her touch. Each firmly in its place, almost as if Michael had ordered each hair to its position with the threat of punishment if they disobeyed. She chuckled, but told him, “I like it. It’s very you.” 
“You think? The stylist almost talked me out of it. She kept running her fingers through my hair, trying to change my mind.”
“That’s just because she thinks you’re hot.” So did every woman on the Isle. Including far too many tourists. It was hard to rise to the top of the competition for Michael’s affections. 
“She did keep me in that chair for a ridiculous amount of time,” he noted. 
“Face it, if they’re single and from the Isle… make that, any woman alive that’s stepped foot on the Isle… they’re in love with you.” 
He wanted to blurt out if that included her as well, but bit his tongue. He didn’t need to ask that question. Her answer screamed at him silently. I’ve always loved you.  
“It suits you well,” Emily said of his new hairstyle. “Truth be told, the shoulder length locks weren’t right for you. And this style makes that baby face you tote around completely irresistible.” Kissable, was what she was really thinking.
He blushed a little. Always did when she flirted with him. He would have liked nothing more than to take hold of her hand and walk her to work, to kiss those peach colored lips until they were swollen. But he didn’t. 
 “It was definitely time for something new,” he told her. 
“Well, no girl can resist that face, no matter what your hair looks like.” She played down her flirting. She might have found his face kissable, but she’d never dared. “So what do you have lined up tonight, two dates? Three? One right after the other…”
“Ha. Very funny.” He rolled his eyes as they walked to her store. “Had three dates in one night, one time, almost a year ago and you’re never going to let me live it down, are you? God! That night ended so badly.”
Emily laughed. “Good thing I was around to come to your rescue. I guess it’s my job to remind you and keep you out of trouble.” She winked, toying with him.  
She really wished it was her job. 
He really wished it was, too. 
“Actually, I haven’t been on a date in weeks,” he admitted. 
“You? Michael Howard, dateless…”
He chuckled. “Just haven’t been in the mood.” 
“Charlie, still?” she questioned knowingly. 
He shrugged.
“You’re still arguing I take it.”
“Yeah.” He sighed. “Charlie got back this morning and I just don’t want to be in the same room as him. Don’t want to talk to him. Don’t want to hear his nagging voice all condescending, because I’m not as into this lifestyle as he is. My brother Charlie… talk about Mr. Perfect, can do no wrong in the eyes of anyone. Everything he says just irritates the crap out of me right now. But hey… enough of me complaining for one morning. I enrolled in classes,” he announced, ending his tirade and starting a new subject. 
“Really? That’s great, Michael.” She gulped, this revelation catching her off guard. She tried to sound excited and upbeat, but Michael knew she was disappointed by this news. Her smile never faded, but he sensed it, the brightness lessened. Her eyes dancing just a little less. 
Emily realized she’d given herself away and tore her gaze off him, her cheeks fiery with embarrassment. 
“It’s not for a while yet. Summer’s just started really. Fall’s still a ways away.” He hated hurting her. It left a dark pit in his gut. 
“I’m really happy for you,” she told him. She meant it. She didn’t want to see him leave the Isle, but she wanted nothing more than for him to be happy. And he wasn’t, here. 
“Thanks, Em. So… have you ever thought about going back to college?” 
“You know I can’t, Michael. I left because Dad needs me here. And he’s stubborn about moving anywhere else. I really don’t know why that is, but…”
“Sorry. It was dumb of me to even bring it up.” They were at her bookstore. “I guess I’ll see you later, Em.” Idiot. That’s what I am. 
Hurting people. Disappointing people. These were things he excelled in. By not living up to people’s expectations of him. Expectations he didn’t want to live up to. And never asked for. 
“Later, Michael.”
“Yeah, bye. Have a good day at work.”
“Thanks, see ya.” She tossed him another wide smile, and gave her lips a timid pull with her teeth. Lips he’d very much like to kiss. Instead, he fled. 
She always made him feel bad for wanting to leave the Isle. Not on purpose, and she never once vocalized it. But he saw it in her eyes. Felt the cut of it in her words. Her reactions to him. 
But what scared him most, is if there was one thing, one person, that could get him to stay on the Isle, it would be Emily Morgan. 
But she would never ask him to stay. Never in a hundred years if she thought it would make him unhappy. She liked to make people happy, thrived on it, almost to a fault. Heck, she lit up the darkest room just by entering it. Everyone loved Emily. Him more so than anyone… Damn it! He could not afford to think like that. 
He forced the thought out of his mind. He’d never found the courage to come out and ask her. If she said yes, she did want him to stay, he’d never be able to leave. And he needed to leave. To get off this lame, stuck-in-the-last-century island before he got sucked in so deep he never left. Never explored the world. Like every other Howard that had come before him. 
He didn’t want that fate. He didn’t ask for it. 
Didn’t he get a say in his life, at all?
He looked up to see William not too far ahead, heading into the mansion. “Potion worked,” he noted. “Good job, Melinda.” 
He was going to have to go home and face Charlie. Face whatever this day brought him. Regardless, he was proud of his sister, she was getting better every day. Her panic attacks were less frequent. Slowly, she was immersing herself back into the outside world. 
Mainly, what this really meant, was he didn’t need to stay on the Isle. They’d be fine without him. 

##

William reappeared in the kitchen of the Howard Mansion, with Michael just behind.
“All went well?” Melinda asked the vampire. 
“Yes. As expected, no one realizes I am not a thirty-one year old man.” 
 Melinda nodded satisfactorily, and turned to Michael. “You’re back sooner than I expected.” 
“It was just a quick walk with Emily to work at the bookstore.” 
Charlie’s eyes lit up. “I have been meaning to congratulate her on taking over the place,” he admitted, apologetically. “Once Renee retired a few months ago, Emily was the perfect replacement.”
“Yes. She is,” was all Michael acknowledged to Charlie’s attempt to engage him in conversation. 
“And how did she like your new haircut?” Melinda inquired. 
“What’s not to like?” 
“Oh get over yourself!” She shot back in amusement. 
Although brothers, Charlie and Michael didn’t share many common traits. 
Michael was wiry, yet athletic, with smooth, slightly flushed skin. He never had to shave. He was also slower than Melinda when it came to getting ready in the morning, even though his outfits consisted mostly of jeans, sandals and some kind of pullover shirt. However, the hours spent getting every strand of hair on his head into its perfect place, were too many to count. 
Charlie, on the other hand, had enough hair for two men. His dusty brown locks were thick and disheveled, falling just above his shoulders, and his facial hair grew fast enough that he could shave twice in one day. More often than not, he had a couple days growth on his face. He found most shirts constricting, being that he had shoulders and muscles like a football player, and preferred on nice days to wear tank tops and khaki shorts. When the weather cooled, he simply added a flannel shirt, always with the sleeves rolled up carelessly.  
The only similar traits they did share: dazzling blue eyes and a killer smile that knocked any girl’s socks off. Both things inherited from their father, Jack Howard. 
The kitchen phone rang loudly. 
“That would be the Mack line,” Charlie stated, grabbing the phone, grateful for the distraction. “Have I even been home a full hour yet?” he asked no one in particular.
“Oh, I need to talk to Mack before you hang up, okay?” Melinda blurted out. 
Charlie nodded that he’d heard her, while speaking into the phone, “Hello, Mack! How can we help the sheriff of The Demon Isle this morning?” 
“Oh good, you’re home, Charlie. Hope the fishin’ trip went well.” She gave him no chance to reply. “I’m actually calling for your brother. Afraid I need a death readin’.” 
“Just say where and I’ll send Michael right over.” 
Michael sighed, relieved at the sound of his name.  “Any excuse to get out of here,” he rumbled under his breath. “Even if it is work.” 
“The morgue,” Charlie spoke to Michael. He aimed at Mack, “A local or tourist this time?”
 “That’s what I’m hoping Michael can tell me, actually. You see, all I got is drybones…” Her tone turned ominous.  
“A skeleton. I see.”
“Yeah, a first. Not a stitch of meat on’em.”
“Michael will be right over to help.” Charlie was about to hang up when he remembered his sister needed to speak with the sheriff. He tossed Melinda the phone. 
“Hiya, Mack,” she greeted. “Sounds like you’ve got a lot on your plate, but I’m afraid I have another job for you.”
“Anything you need, Sweety. You just tell me what it is.”
“There’s a back door at the Fishhook Seafood Company that’s broken. A lock keeps jamming and if they don’t fix it, in three days someone that works there dies because it won’t open.” 
“Don’t you worry your pretty little head about it. I’m on it! Just consider me your own personal dream killer,” the sheriff added with a haughty laugh. 
Melinda let out a dark chuckle. 
Mack disconnected. 
Charlie and Michael stared at Melinda, awaiting explanation.  
“Yeah yeah. Another dream. I took care of it didn’t I?” 
“You’re supposed to tell us when you have a dream, so we can help,” Charlie reminded gently. Instant guilt consumed him. He’d been gone. Out of reach part of the time. She couldn’t have told him even if she’d needed to. 
“I did. I told William, and we decided it was best handled by Mack. What are we going to do? Walk up to the owners of the Fishhook and say, hey, Melinda, yeah that girl everyone already thinks is a freak, also has prophetic dreams and last night, she dreamt your broken back door would cause someone to die?” 
“Point noted. They’ve only been on the Isle for a couple years and are not aware of what goes on around here. However,” started Charlie, “how can we decide if it’s something we can or should handle if you don’t tell us? I trust William’s opinions, of course, and I wasn’t home. But you can tell us too, Melinda. Just remember that, okay.” 
“Maybe she can make up her own mind,” Michael defended. 
“This isn’t about you and me, Michael,” Charlie breathed out heavily. 
“I’m just saying she’s not a kid. And who made you captain of this ship? What rule says we have to tell you every little thing that happens?” 
Charlie closed his eyes, searching for a reply that would not make the situation worse. But all he wanted to do was grab his brother by the shoulders and shake some sense into him. An annoyed groan slipped across his lips and he opened his eyes to see Michael leaving the kitchen in a huff. 
“I gotta go. Job to do,” he spouted with mock enthusiasm.  
“I think I’ll go with him,” Melinda said, frowning in displeasure. First, because she had just volunteered to leave the house, and second, that Charlie and Michael were no closer to ending their argument. She patted Charlie’s shoulder and followed Michael, hoping her voluntary departure from the house would help improve his mood. 
After Charlie and William were alone Charlie let out a strained breath as if he’d been holding it in. “The full moon’s almost here. It’s so much harder not to get angry, about anything or everything, the closer it gets.” 
“And they know this, Charlie.” 
“I’m going to go unpack, take a cold shower,” Charlie decided. “Cool down a little.” 
“I will be in my study, should anyone need me,” William spoke evenly. 
However, Charlie didn’t leave, and instead, stared at the wall, rubbing his hand across his stubble-covered chin. 
“Is there something else, Charlie?” 
“To be honest, William, I’m not sure. I’m not even sure how to explain it. Something about this approaching moon feels different. Harder to control myself than usual.” 
“I will check if this particular moon has any unknown significance, just in case.”
“Thanks, William. I’d feel a heck of a lot better knowing I’ll still be me when the full moon rises.”  

##

Melinda followed her brother out of the front door, across the stone porch and down the steps of the Howard Mansion, stepping onto a cobblestone driveway. She froze for a moment, her feet suddenly unwilling to move forward. There’s so many people! Just people vacationing and having fun. She berated herself silently, fighting off the urge to run back inside the house. 
She took the next step onto the street. Michael wrapped his arm around Melinda, securing her to his side. Her panic leaked into his senses; would she be able to continue? It was early summer, which meant fighting their way through bustling-about tourists. But driving would be harder and take twice as long as walking, while waiting for tourists to figure out where they were headed, or while they attempted to park in cramped spaces. 
“Okay to keep going?” Michael prodded gently. 
She nodded and shook it off. “Fine, let’s go.” She left the safety of his side, her thoughts screaming so not fine! But rather than turn and run home she sidetracked herself by talking to her brother. “You shouldn’t be so hard on Charlie. He’s doing his best.”
“Don’t be so hard on Charlie!” he repeated incredulously. 
“I know, I know. It’s just, you know how he gets around the full moon.”
“How he gets is irritating. Infuriating. And… bossy! And it doesn’t matter how close we are to the full moon.” 
Melinda groaned. What she said next would just make Michael angrier. “I’ll give you that he can be a pain in the butt, but he is kind of right though. You can’t leave, Michael. What would this town do without you? What would Charlie and I do without you?” 
“And just because I’m a Howard, this automatically gives me a life sentence to live on The Demon Isle?” 
“You’re right. It’s not fair, but it’s not so bad either. You’ve got Emily,” she pointed out. 
“We’re not dating,” he retorted haughtily. 
“And whose fault is that?” she snapped just as haughtily. “All you need do is ask. That girl is head over heels about you! You’re her baby face,” Melinda’s voice mocked.  
“This face is appealing,” he agreed, twirling his hand in circles around his face. 
Melinda hit his shoulder in a humored reply. 
“Really though, why start dating her now? I am leaving the Isle,” he spoke determinedly. “And she has to stay with her father.” 
Melinda bit her tongue to keep from responding. What would it take to keep her brother from leaving? Perhaps if she had another nervous breakdown, this would keep him around. She chastised herself again. That was not a place she wanted to go back to, ever. 
With nothing else to say, she focused on making eye contact with the locals and tourists that hustled about the town. Many of the tourists were surprisingly polite, returning her gesture. The locals, however, just stared or ignored her attempts to nod or say hello. 
“And the friendly locals are part of what gives The Demon Isle its charm,” she grumbled sardonically, recalling that line from a Demon Isle vacation brochure.  
“Be patient with them, Melinda. Just give them a chance. They don’t all think you’re a freak,” her brother razzed, with a loving wink tossed in her direction. 
“That guy over there,” she pointed, “totally talking about me. It’s ridiculously obvious.”
“Well, what do you expect, Sis? They’re curious. You’ve hidden yourself away for the last four years, ever since your dreams started and Mom and Dad…” he didn’t finish. He was already arguing with Charlie, he didn’t want to argue with his sister, too. “Look, let’s just do this favor for Mack, and thanks for coming with me. I know how hard it is for you to leave the house, but you’re getting better at it every day.” 
“There’s a part of me that wants to escape this place, too,” she admitted with a sigh. “But it won’t stop the dreams, which just get worse when I have actual contact with people. I really am trying.”  
“I know, Sis. You are. You’re doing really great. I mean, you only pointed out one guy that was talking about you behind your back today,” he jested, nudging her arm. 
She rolled her eyes as they turned the corner entering another street. It was lined with boutique stores, gift shops, pubs, grills, bars, café’s and even a company that organized tours of the Isle – anything from trips to the beaches, the National Park or even haunted tours through graveyards, lighthouses and old homes or buildings that were believed to be frequented by ghosts. 
The end of this street curved, landing them in a section of the town nicknamed Fortune Alley. It drew many tourists, eager to seek details about their future, or learn more about the Isle’s mystical background, or people that just desired to wrap themselves in fantasy for a day. 
Magic shops plotted this section of town, along with comic book stores, book and movie sellers specializing in sci-fi, fantasy and the paranormal; fortunetellers, and herb shops, which sold touristy things like love potions. A regular geekdom fit for any fan of the supernatural, or in the case of the Howard Witches, a place to buy the necessary ingredients for potions they used in real life. It also happened to be the fastest way to get to the morgue. 
As they walked through Fortune Alley, Melinda saw three psychics set up at the edge of the street, offering free, five-minute readings to passersby. It was a promotion store owners did often, in hopes of attracting longer, purchased readings, or to drag customers into their shops. 
Melinda wondered if they had any true foresight. She also wondered how many of them were aware of the true supernatural side of the Isle, as typically, only locals that had lived on the Isle for many years knew the truth that magic did exist here; a truth they preferred to keep to themselves. Nevertheless, they did allow rumors to spread, stories to leak, and even the occasional photo to surface (but only if blurry enough not to prove anything real). 
The only fortuneteller Melinda recognized was a woman known as Mystic Mona. She sat draped in long flowing scarves, mysteriously moving her tattooed hands over a fogged up crystal ball. She had told the Howard’s a long time ago that she was a complete fake, but for some reason she was also the most visited reader on the Isle. She winked at the duo as they passed by her. 
Near the end of the street, a light salty mist spread across Melinda’s skin. They were very close to the harbor. So close, she could hear the sloshing of the waves crashing up against the dock and the boats. “I do love this air,” she said, closing her eyes for a moment, feeling the damp saltiness layer across her face. She sucked it in, and upon opening her eyes, noted, “The view isn’t too shabby either.”
Michael took a glance and looked at her as if to say No way! Not happening!
“What? He’s cute.” Actually, way more than cute. Yummy, to be more exact, but she’d never say that to her brother.
“You’re afraid to leave the house, and yet the first guy you pick out of the crowd is the one on the motorcycle.” 
“Well it’s not like I’m running over there and just hopping on. Geesh! I just thought he was cute. And look, he wears a helmet. Safe driver,” she argued. 
Michael continued toward the morgue, dismissing her argument. 
Melinda watched the dark haired young man get onto his motorcycle. He slid over the seat with ease, straddling the metal machine and pumping the clutch hard. It roared to life. With each pulse of the clutch and vroom of the gas, a zing of excitement shot up Melinda’s spine. What was it about men, metal and machines? She’d never even been on a motorcycle before. 
Michael shook his head, letting out an annoyed groan. He didn’t need this. Didn’t need to know how his sister felt right now. 
Melinda swallowed hard, clearing her throat. “Sorry.” She wasn’t sure who was mortified more, herself or Michael. How was she supposed to keep her feelings to herself when he was around? 
“Just try to rein it in a little, please.” Sometimes being an empath really sucked. No strike that… it always sucked. Knowing what emotions people were feeling, all the time… 
I really need to get off this island. Not that it would make any difference. He’d still sense what people were feeling. 
“It’s partly my fault,” he said to her. “I have a hard time managing it when I’m pissed.” 
She tossed him an understanding shrug. 
Traffic cleared and motorcycle man pulled away from the curb, making a U-turn. His dark eyes caught Melinda’s, and he winked as he drove by. Her cheeks turned rosy, a sudden self-consciousness awareness washing over her. She gazed down at her dress. 
I really need to pay more attention to what I’m wearing before I leave the house. I’m beyond pathetic. The dress was old, baggy and fell to her ankles. It was also comfortable and hid the shape of her. No one needed to see her curves, or lack thereof. Curvy in all the wrong places. Maybe I should eat fewer donuts… what was it jerkface had called her? Oh, right… adorable… not beautiful or gorgeous or even pretty… but adorable, with that look of yeah, you should lose a few pounds… yup, adorable was currently her least favorite word.  
Michael shook his head but held his tongue. His sister flipped through emotions faster than changing the TV channels. He almost wished the guy on the bike had hit on her, just to make her feel better about herself. 
Melinda sighed. Wink or no wink, there was no way a handsome guy like motorcycle man would ever be into her, never mind that he was most likely a tourist and would leave town any day. She would probably never happen across him again. 
She squeezed her fists in frustration. William’s dream had left her worked up and on edge. However, picking up a total stranger was not the answer to her conundrum. Although as she thought about it, perhaps it was exactly what she needed. 
She squelched the thought. It was a bad idea. A stupid idea. Melinda Howard and strangers, even gorgeous ones on motorcycles, did not mix. Look at what had happened with jerkface! Did she learn nothing? 
Damn hormones and stupid steamy vampire dreams… 
“And we’re here,” announced Michael, loudly intruding her thoughts. He held open the front door of The Demon Isle Morgue, eyeing Melinda as if about to ask her something uncomfortable. 
If it wasn’t William and his super vampire hearing, it was Michael and his ability to sense her emotions… could a girl not keep any secrets?
“You ready to do this?” she asked, straying from topics she did not wish to discuss with her brother. 
“Um. Never. But it’s my duty, isn’t it?” Bitterness skimmed across his tongue. 
Mack, the town sheriff, met them just inside. She was a sturdy woman with keen eyes and sea-air worn skin that had never seen sun block. Her real name was Mackenzie Briggs. Most of the townsfolk called her Sheriff Briggs. But the Howard Witches had been assisting the local police since the Isle’s inception, plus the sheriff had also been friends with the siblings’ parents. 
“Ah, Michael Howard. You’re looking as scrumptious as ever,” said Mack, her eyes dancing in a playfully flirtatious manner. 
“Good morning, Mack.” He tossed her a seductive grin and a wink as he passed by her.  
“Yup. Scrumdiddlyumptious.” She smacked her lips, making a point to watch him walk by.
Melinda laughed. She enjoyed how the sheriff taunted her brother. He needed to be put in his place now and then. 
“Where to?” Michael asked, his enthusiasm lessened. 
“Yes, to the business at hand.” Mack motioned for them to follow. She entered an examination room. “Always sorry to make you do this, Michael. But we’re stumped on this one.” 
“Always glad to help,” Michael insisted. He attempted eagerness, but wasn’t fooling anyone.  
Mack locked the door behind them. “I asked my deputy to leave. Told him I needed time to do my own investigatin’. Better to keep’em in the dark about this whole crazy supernatural thing as long as possible I figure. New guy’s gonna work out great though. ‘Course, I said that about the last guy…”
Melinda chuckled. 
Michael stared at the examination table, which Mack stepped over to, gently lifting a sheet, exposing an intact skeleton. 
“Drybones is right.” Michael let out with a whistle. 
Melinda would have, but she had never really been able to whistle, so she just replied with a wide-eyed, astonished nod. 
The skeleton was lying flat on its back, except for the skull, which was turned as if staring at the siblings. Even skinless, its mouth stuck open in a horrified silent scream, its final terrified moments permanently etched into the bones. 
 “Sure is something ain’t it?” said Mack. “Called you guys ‘cause I’ve never seen bones come in as clean as these. At first, we weren’t even sure they were real. Sure enough they are. Looks like something came across the body and just plain sucked everything right off ‘em!”
Michael stepped closer. He’d never seen anything like it. Whenever Mack called on his services, it was usually someone recently deceased, that still had muscle and skin attached to the bones. 
“Diver found these bones in an underwater cave in Bloodsucker Bay,” Mack explained further. “After initial examination we confirmed it’s a male, and found damage that seems to indicate some kind of trauma.” She pointed out the spot, just to the side of where the heart should have been.
“Considering where they were found, and the condition of the bones,” aimed Michael to the sheriff, “my guess would be a Sea Hag. I’ve never seen their handy work personally, but William’s told me about them. Our parents killed one when I was about two if I remember right. Sea Hag does not explain the trauma to the chest though. Hag’s attack their victims using a poison that releases from tentacles they call hair.” 
“Icky,” shuddered Melinda. 
“I’m with her,” agreed Mack. “Nice to see you out and about, by the way,” she added bluntly.  
Melinda just nodded thanks in reply, preferring to ignore the topic. 
Michael stepped toward the skeleton. He took a concentrated breath and extended his arm out to touch the bones. “Why don’t we find out what really happened,” he said, laying his hand on the skeleton. Michael’s eyes closed and began to flutter back and forth under closed eyelids. 
A long minute later, he gasped and let go, taking a few unsteady steps backwards. 
“You okay?” his sister inquired, concerned.  
“Ju-Just a little more violent than I expected,” he stuttered, catching his breath. Something in his eye told Melinda he wanted to say more, but held his tongue. After a moment, he turned to Mack. She always waited patiently after Michael’s assistance, realizing how equally helpful and disturbing his ability as a death reader could be.  
“This man was definitely murdered,” he informed her. 
“I was afraid you were gonna say that.” 
“Right before his death he was in some kind of rage… shouting like a mad man, but nothing comprehendible. It looked like he was trying to attack someone and that someone shot him, which explains the chest trauma. They left him to die at the hands of a Sea Hag, as I expected, which explains the stripping of the bones.” 
“Don’t suppose you could help a sheriff out and just tell me who shot this man?” 
“Sorry. No face. Only a gun.” Michael stepped toward the door, appearing eager to leave. 
“It gives me a place to start at least. Appreciate it, Michael. I always hate draggin’ you into these things… but at least you’re nice to look at.” Mack raised her eyebrow in sarcastic seduction, her tone laden with flippant innuendo. 
“Glad to help,” insisted Michael, this time avoiding her attempt to flirt.  
“You guys’ll look into the Sea Hag?” the sheriff assumed. 
“Naturally,” he replied, grabbing Melinda’s arm, promptly departing. 
“Be careful!” Mack ordered. “Don’t want to be collectin’ your bones next,” she mumbled after their disappearing frames.  
Michael took rushed steps out of the morgue and down the street. Melinda grabbed her brother’s arm, forcing him to stop.  
“You’re clearly upset over what you saw. Talk to me,” she pleaded.  
His bit his lip, unease spreading splotches of red across his smooth skin. 
“I didn’t tell Mack everything I saw,” he finally admitted.
“Why on earth not?” 
“Because,” he started, but stopped. He looked down, shaking his head, as if unable to believe what he was about to say. 
Melinda lifted his chin, making him look her in the eye. “Out with it, Michael. We don’t need two crazies in the house.” 
He inhaled deeply, and upon exhaling let slip out the words, “I saw Mom.”
“What?” she breathed out in shock. “In the death reading? Just now?” 
“Yes. I saw her clear as day, Melinda. And if I’d told Mack everything, our mother wouldn’t just be dead, she’d also be the number one suspect in a murder investigation.” 

##

Charlie and William sat in silence thinking over what Michael had just told them. Twice, Charlie started to speak and stopped. Finally, in an uncertain voice he got out what he was trying to say. 
“Our mother shot a man? A living man? Are you absolutely sure, Michael?” 
“You know how my ability works, Charlie. It’s never wrong.”
Before Charlie and Michael allowed their tempers to flare further, William intervened. “We all know that what Michael saw is truth. Therefore, logic tells us your mother had a very good reason for her actions.”  
“But a man, William? Demons, other witches, any number of other supernatural creatures, sure. But why this man? Could he be the reason our parents are dead?” A low growl rumbled in Charlie’s throat, and the whiskers lining his face stood to attention, thickening and darkening, giving him a sudden savage disposition. 
“Charlie,” Melinda spoke anxiously. “Cool it!” 
Her eldest brother closed his eyes taking deep breaths to regain his control. “Sorry. Full moon’s really getting to me this time.” 
“Yes, well, Mr. Wolfy needs to stay nice and locked up. When you get agitated you don’t think straight.”
“I am aware, Sis,” he grumbled, at the same time distressing over the panic in her voice. You have to keep it together if not for anything else but Melinda. She’s just starting to get better… of all the times to have a case centered around our parents... 
Charlie motioned that he was fine and for them to continue. 
“Nothing in what I saw,” explained Michael, “indicated that this man had anything to do with our parent’s deaths, but we would be stupid not to investigate it further, and regardless, we need to deal with the Sea Hag if she’s still around.” 
Charlie and Melinda nodded in agreement. 
“Any thoughts on where we should start, William?” Michael asked. 
“Only one. We need to visit this underwater cave. That is to say, you need to visit this cave. I of course, would sink to the bottom of the ocean like a stone.”
“And as much as I would love to join this party,” Melinda spoke in a sarcastic drone, “you know my stance on ocean dives and cave exploring. So not going to happen. I’ll leave this investigation up to you two.” 
“Great,” murmured Michael, his mouth twisting into a smirk. “I get to watch Charlie do the doggy paddle.” 
Charlie ignored the comment. “So which cave are we heading to?” 
“It’s in Bloodsucker Bay. On the northern outlet,” relayed his brother.  
“Must be why the body wasn’t discovered sooner,” William assumed. “Only the most competent divers attempt to explore those caves. The weather on the northern shore is most temperamental.” 
“Chances are, the Sea Hag’s not even venturing into that cave anymore,” Michael said. “Mom and Dad died four years ago, so this guy’s been dead awhile. From what I’ve heard, Sea Hag’s tend to move around.” 
“We’ll find out soon enough,” huffed Charlie. “If this guy, or the Sea Hag, did have anything to do with our parent’s deaths, we won’t rest until we find out everything. But we’ll need time to prepare. We don’t want to end up like the dead guy.”
“Or our parents,” reminded Melinda in a strained voice. 
Michael did not argue as he agreed fully with his siblings on this matter. 
He cringed though, the uncontrolled emotions flowing freely out of his sister and brother piling on top of his own. He could do without this gift his Howard blood had given him. Melinda was fighting off a major panic attack and Charlie was anxious, Michael imagined in part, due to Melinda being in such a panic. 
He tried to shut it out but his empathic ability was still somewhat new to him and he had a difficult time doing so. He worried about Melinda too, but he didn’t need Charlie’s worry loaded on top of his own. 
“Sorry, Michael,” Charlie apologized, seeing his brother’s face. “We’re not exactly holding anything back right now. We need to be more mindful until you can handle your empathy better.” 
Michael waved it off, nothing but irritation rampant in his glower. Charlie was trying to be nice, but somehow, every time he tried, all Michael heard was, you’re not doing it right... 
“How about we leave at first light tomorrow?” Charlie suggested. 
“Yeah, that’s fine,” agreed Michael. “That’ll give me time to prepare the diving gear.” He hurried out of the room to start packing for their trip to Bloodsucker Bay. 
“Poor Michael,” whispered Melinda. “I really don’t know how he can stand it. Having to deal with his own feelings and everyone else’s, too.” 
It filled her with guilt instantly. Michael didn’t stay hidden in the house all the time. He dealt with his magical gifts. He didn’t necessarily want them, but he accepted them and was learning how to manage a daily life that came with magical gifts attached. 
She, on the other hand, preferred to lock herself away in her room, hoping her prophetic dreams would just go away if she didn’t interact with anyone.  
Melinda glanced up in time to catch William just looking away from her. If only all her dreams could be as pleasant as the William dream, rather than predicting tragic and sometimes gruesome deaths... she shuddered and heard Charlie say her name. 
“Sorry, what?” 
“Since you’re getting so good at it, would you mind helping me whip up some potions?”
“Be delighted,” she answered, taking off towards the kitchen. She needed something to keep busy with before her thoughts became overwhelming and she locked herself in the bedroom again. 
 “And William…” continued Charlie. 
“I’ll be in my study, doing research. Perhaps there is something in your parent’s journals regarding that cave.”
Charlie nodded his approval and William dashed away, ardently retreating to his study. 

CHAPTER TWO
 
It was early morning, a few hours before sunup.
Melinda grabbed and fisted her bed sheets. 
She kicked the one across her body, needing it off her overheated skin, which glistened, covered in a feverish dew. 
Her dream was vivid. Intense. Lifelike. 
She was standing in the kitchen, it was night. Or perhaps just dark inside the house. 
She couldn’t see more than a few inches in front of her, but she felt William’s presence. Standing right behind her. His vampiric chill not quite touching her. 
She fell into him, her body melting into his possessive embrace. She could have lived right there. Forever. 
“Do you want me to kiss you, Melinda?” 
“Yes,” she breathed out. 
Her body spun around, her hands went to the counter behind her for support. 
William cupped her face, caressing her with his gaze. 
His approach was slow. Cautious. Gentle. Melinda closed her eyes, a shiver consuming her lips. Cool breath rushed into her mouth sending a shudder down through her insides. 
She reached out and grabbed hold of his shirt to pull him in closer. 
His hands left her cheeks, sliding down her neck. 
Melinda’s pulse quickened when she felt the soft brush of her hair swept free of her neck. He pulled back, releasing her lips and she opened her eyes to see hungry black globes staring back at her. 
Her eyes widened when his tongue licked at fangs drawing downward. 
William groaned. He needed to taste her. Had to. 
Melinda’s legs faltered. Something told her she should be afraid. But the thought was small and near the back of her mind. 
“Yes, William,” she answered his silent question. His response was instant, sucking away her ability to breathe. His arms imprisoned her body against him, his mouth quivering against the delicate skin in the crease of her neck. Fangs drew across, pinching. Threatening. Then punching into her. Blood rushing up through her body into his mouth.   
Darkness. Sudden darkness. 
Like a curtain just fell over her, waiting to open to a new scene. 
Total quiet, other than heavy breaths escaping her own lungs. 
“William?” she called out. 
No answer. Her vampire wasn’t there anymore. He’d been torn out of her dream. 
Her vampire… Melinda had to stop thinking like that. He did not belong to her. 
Her hand jerked up to her neck… no fang wounds. A sting still forged into her skin. The memory of his fangs sinking into her. But there was no mark. It hadn’t happened for real. It was just a dream. 
Her hand dropped. Disappointment and frustration flaring through her nostrils.
These dreams are going to be the death of me! 
Warm air brushed across her cheeks and the dark curtain lifted. 
She wasn’t in the kitchen any longer. 
She was surrounded by shelf after shelf of books. 
A bookstore. Wait, it wasn’t just any bookstore. 
“Emily’s bookstore.” 
Melinda spun in a circle, the heat still lit inside of her, stripped suddenly away, leaving only cold dread in its wake. Emily Morgan raced up the stairs with a stack of books in her hand, her lanky ponytail bobbing behind her.  
“Oh, no. No. No. No. No. No…” Melinda let out in a panicked heave. 
All the steam froze, turning into sharp stakes stabbing into her core. 
“I can’t dream this. Please don’t make me dream this.” 
This was no ordinary dream. This dream had interrupted her ordinary dream… well, it was far from ordinary, but this dream, this was a prophetic dream. 
Melinda knew at once. 
The way she watched like a stalker sneaking a peek into someone’s life. 
The foreboding pang squeezing her heart tighter, and tighter. 
It all led up to one terrifying realization… 
She was about to watch her friend, Emily Morgan, die… 

##

Just after four a.m. Melinda awoke quite forcefully. From total bliss, to totally messed up. Again. It was the second time this week her risqué William dream was abruptly interrupted by the throes of death. 
She sat up, catching her breath, needing the one person she wasn’t sure she could face right now. “Suck it up. Emily’s life is at stake.”  
She threw on a pair of pajama shorts to go along with the tank top she’d worn to bed and tiptoed downstairs so as not to awaken her brothers, and entered the study. 
“William,” she whispered, hoping he was home and not out for one of his midnight strolls, or patrols. 
A swoosh of air tore across the room, stopping a few feet in front of her. Just out of her reach. 
“Now how could a girl not fall in love with that? A vampire flying to my aid the moment I call.” Oh my God! Why did I just say that? She hoped he would think it just her typical flirtatious playfulness. 
He ignored her remark, sensing a fearful inflection in her tone as she spoke. 
“The better question is why I needed to fly to your aid at this early hour.” 
His gaze was penetrating. Concerned. She wrapped her arms around her waist as if trying to hold herself up. Why didn’t I put on a robe? She’d never cared what she wore before, but suddenly felt half naked, standing in front of a vampire she was far too attracted to. 
William backed away, clearing his throat. He returned to his desk, feeling the need to sit and steady himself. Amidst the panic washing off her was something else. 
A scent far too enticing, which stuck in his nostrils and coated his tongue. His mouth watered, his jaw aching to release his fangs, hungry for the witch shivering just out of his reach. 
He blinked, begging his eyes to stay green. The monster threatened to surface. 
He growled in displeasure. 
His reaction to Melinda was unacceptable. And dangerous. For both of them.
He stood back up with strained control. “I take it you had another dream.”
“Um. Yes.” Melinda didn’t hear the strain in his voice, too preoccupied with her own. Focus. Focus. Focus. “Yes, it was a dream,” she confirmed. “This one I definitely need help with, William.” God, I need help with both… 
“Should I awaken your brothers?”
“No!” she answered hastily. “I mean, they have a lot to deal with already. And if I told Michael what I just dreamed, he’d probably have a major freak out. Bad enough he had to see our mother shoot some guy.” 
“What does Michael have to do with your dream?” the vampire asked. 
“Not Michael. Emily. The love of his life that he won’t just admit is the love of his life already.” 
“Emily. This is most distressing,” William replied evenly. “Explain.” 
“I didn’t see enough, William. Not nearly enough. But if I don’t figure out the who, what and how, Emily will die.”
“You did not say when or where,” he noted.  
“Bookstore. Right after closing today.” 
Melinda took a deep breath and closed her eyes, letting go of everything else accept her prophetic dream, willing another to show her more. It didn’t happen. It never happened like that. Not at will. 
She let out a frustrated whine. 
Her eyes opened and she gave a start when William’s distressed emerald greens drilled down into her baby blues. She hadn’t even heard him approach. He stood so close she could feel his nearness, yet he did not touch her. Just like the dream. She swore there was an energy field pulling them together. 
Her eyes closed. A silent scream reverberating through her skull. SAVE EMILY, YOU COMPLETE MORON! A defeated breath escaped her lips. 
She opened her eyes. Determined. Feeling more in control.  
“Do not worry, Melinda,” William sang to her soothingly. “This dream will not come to pass.” 
Which one? Her overworked brain wondered. 
Melinda nodded in response to him, unable to find her voice. She rarely ever saw William up so close. His skin was smooth and pale, almost glass-like in a way. Not a wrinkle. Not a single age spot revealing his hundreds of years of life. 
She let out a breath she hadn’t realized she’d sucked in and held, tearing her eyes away, cheeks flush from the desire to look so closely. She could not control her heart though. From the look on his face, he heard the pounding beats. 
He took a step away from her, a peculiar look flitting across his face. 
She swore his eyes flashed from emerald to black, but the black vanished so fast that by the time she blinked, it was gone. 
She hated this feeling welling up inside. 
She hated that she’d had those stupid dreams. 
She hated that she wanted it to be more than just a dream. 
She needed to forget about it. William was her closest friend. Her confidant. Although lately, she’d had a harder time talking to him. Even before her dreams started, she’d realized her feelings towards him had changed. Her crush was something more. Something she could not have… something William would never want, and it would do nothing but put a wedge of uncomfortableness between them. 
And hello! 
Her only other friend in the world needed her help!
I think I’m losing my mind. Maybe I am headed for another nervous breakdown. 
William backed away, needing both space and the security of his desk. He wanted to escape the mansion and leave Melinda before something irreparable took place. Before he did something unforgiveable. 
To leave was the right option. The smart option. 
Frustration mounted. Why was this happening all of a sudden? He’d remained in control of his cravings for such a long time. Was he simply doomed to fail, and this was the moment the switch, flipped? 
Desires he’d locked away over a century ago clawed their way toward freedom. The darkness hidden deep inside, wanted out, craving escape. He needed to put out this fire, and fast. Before he did something he could never take back. Before he hurt her…
He was protector to the Howard Witches. 
This was his solemn duty.
This was his purpose for existing. To make amends for all the things he’d done before he’d found The Demon Isle, and come to serve the Howard Witches. 
Melinda needed his help. 
He focused on this one thing… 
He looked up and saw that she’d followed him to his desk. 
Melinda absentmindedly ran her fingers across the surface of his desk, admiring the Demon Isle Oak. It had probably been built back when William had first come to live with the Howards. Over a hundred years ago now. It was Sturdy. Dependable. Would always be there… just like William. She let calm wash over her, regaining her focus.
“What will we do about Emily?” Melinda asked quietly. “I want to keep Charlie and Michael out of this if we can.”  
“I will not allow anything tragic to befall dear Emily. She is as precious to me as the three of you.” 
 “Emily is practically like family, huh? I just wish Michael would see it.” 
“He does see it. This is the problem, however. He sees her as another bar on his prison cell.”
“The Demon Isle being his prison,” Melinda noted. 
William nodded. “Tell me each detail regarding your dream.” He took on a business like demeanor, taking a seat behind his desk. 
“Okay. Um… Emily had just locked the front door at the bookstore and unplugged the open sign. She was holding a few books in her arms heading to shelve the books before leaving. As Emily often does, she gets sidetracked browsing through the books she’s putting away. She gets all but one back on the shelf, opening the last one, and is surfing through the pages.” Melinda paused, recalling the details of her dream.  
“What are you remembering?”  
“It’s odd, William. That ring Emily wears. She can’t see it, because her hand is hidden behind the book, but the ring is glimmering. Kind of a fiery color.”
“That’s very intriguing.” Nothing came to mind as an explanation however. 
“After the ring starts to glimmer, Emily drops the book and is screaming that it’s burning her and she’s trying to force the ring off her finger. It takes her a second, but she gets it off. And then… she’s lying on the floor, dead,” Melinda ended hastily. 
“Just like that?” the vampire grilled, not believing her.  
“No. Not, just like that. I really don’t want to see the next part again, William.”
“Melinda. This gift you possess is meant to save lives. You cannot leave out the parts you do not wish to see again, however difficult they might be to relive.” 
“Why not? Isn’t it enough to know we need to find out more about Emily’s ring?” 
He waited in silent defiance, tossing her a severe stare. 
“Fine,” Melinda gave in begrudgingly. Steamy dreams or not, she could never say no to William. 
“After Emily takes off the ring, she starts having some kind of seizure. At first she’s swatting at something, but it’s either invisible or out of my range to see, and she just stops. Her arms drop to her sides and she falls to the floor. She’s on her back and her eyes… her eyes are open, frozen with this look of complete fear.” Melinda’s voice dropped, getting raspy as she continued. “She’s alone, William. Totally alone and scared when she dies. And… that is where my dream ended.” 
William flew to her in a blink, his emerald greens drilling into her tear filled gems of blue. “We will not allow this tragedy to happen.” He spoke with confident determination, but her voice wouldn’t work right, so she sniffled her reply, hoping desperately he was right. 
He reached up to touch her shoulder but his hand fell short and he stepped at human pace, back to his desk. “From what you dreamt, I suspect that our dear Emily was not alone, and since the attacker was out of your view, I’ll assume for the moment it is supernatural in nature.” He retreated into his thoughts, his face statuesque as he sat behind his desk in deep contemplation. 
Melinda stepped closer to the fireplace, leaning on the arm of a sofa, her gaze getting lost in the flames. William rarely ever let it die out, even on hot summer nights. It did not warm his permanently cooled skin, but he often spoke of it like an old friend that kept him company during lonely hours, while his human friends slept. Melinda had never understood his desire for it as fire could also kill him. 
As the flames flickered, she relived the dream again, searching for any little detail she might have overlooked. Normally, when it came to her dreams, she tried to keep herself unattached to the problem, preferring to act as though she were simply an outsider with a glimpse of something no one else could see. 
Just a thing. No big deal. Attachment meant frayed nerves and constant sorrow. 
This dream, however, was not the first time she had dreamt about someone close to her dying. Unfortunately, when it had occurred the first time, Melinda had not understood that her dream was really a vision of something to come. Something preventable had she been aware. She had thought it just a nightmare, as it was not yet known that prophetic dreams were her magical inheritance. 
Tears escaped down her cheeks. She couldn’t stop them. 
William’s head flitted upward, and fearing she was slipping into despair, dashed to her at once. He knelt on one knee in front of her. “Melinda, this will not be like last time. I promise.” 
She could not respond. The lump in her throat was too constricting to allow her to speak. 
He had to order his hands to stay by his sides, rather than reach up and swipe away the tears, or offer comfort. He’d started to enjoy when she needed his comfort, much more than he should, he realized now. Something he would not allow to develop any deeper. Especially after his reaction to her just minutes before. 
“I wish to order you once and for all, not to carry this guilt over something you had no control over,” William told her. He may not have had a beating heart, or blood pumping through his veins, but love and compassion emanated from him. 
It was apparent to him now, that any true progress he believed Melinda had made was a lie. She had not forgiven herself at all. 
“How can I?” she squeaked. “How can I ever forgive myself? Mom and Dad are dead because I didn’t stop it. And now Emily…” 
He toyed with waking Charlie and Michael, sensing that Melinda would take too many steps backwards if she continued with this line of thinking. 
His uncertainty apparent, she stood up, wiped her eyes and shook off her apprehensions. 
“William, please don’t look at me like that. I can see you’re disappointed with me.”
“Melinda, I am never disappointed in you. Only concerned. I only want the best for you. I want you to live your life. I want you to stop feeling guilty, but I cannot force it upon you.”
She wanted to shout, please, force it. Reach in and just rip it out of me because I can’t take it anymore. 
“I’m fine,” she insisted weakly. “Really.” 
He searched her face, looking for his answer. “No, you are not fine, Melinda. But I will let it slide, for now, as we have urgent matters to attend to.”
“Just help me save Emily,” she begged softly. 
“I will always be here to help you, Melinda.” This statement sobered him up, completely. The monster sinking back into the depths in which it slept. 
Assisting the siblings was his mission. Nothing more. 
“Where should we begin?” she asked, sucking in a sniffle and letting out an uneasy breath. 
“The ring, as you said, seems to be of some importance. We will pay Emily a visit, but not until morning. If you truly do not wish to alarm your brothers, we should wait until they depart for the cave at Bloodsucker Bay.” 
“And what do we do now? There’s no way I’m falling back to sleep tonight.” She didn’t want any more dreams, of the prophetic or steamy kind! 
He disappeared in a blur, returning a moment later with a stack of books. 
“Perhaps, if we are lucky, we will locate information regarding Emily’s ring.” 
“I don’t feel that lucky at the moment, William, but hand me a book.” 
She spent the remaining hours of night flipping through page after page, but found nothing that looked anything like the ring Emily wore. William, even reading at speeds no human could imagine, did not have any better luck. Daylight crept upon them and Melinda tiptoed back into her bedroom. She wanted to at least pretend she had slept through the night, so as not to worry her brothers. When she heard them stirring in the hallway just minutes later, she exited her room, dressed and ready to go. 
“Rough night, Sis?” questioned Charlie, instantly concerned when he saw her.  
“Why do you say that?” 
“You don’t look... rested.” 
“A little tossing and turning, nothing to worry about.” 
Once the siblings had gathered in the kitchen, Michael shot a sideways glance at her.
“Oh my God, Michael. I’m fine. You guys go check out the cave already!”
“Melinda, I don’t even need my empathy. I can almost see the anxiety pouring off you. Although, the panic you’re emitting right now is shouting pretty loudly too.”  
“Don’t use your empathic abilities on me, Michael.”
How were they supposed to function with a brother who was an empath? A death reader was one thing, but it was impossible to keep one’s true feelings to themselves. She wondered if he’d picked up on her feelings about William. I’ll never hear the end of it, if that happens. 
As if his presence had been requested, William breezed into the kitchen standing just behind her. Melinda told herself to rein it in, but his arrival kicked off another series of heart flutters. She hoped Michael assumed it was whatever bothered her already, and nothing to do with the vampire.
William meandered to the other side of the kitchen near Charlie, his breathing strained.     
Michael wasn’t ready to drop the subject. “Melinda, what’s going on?”
“It’s nothing, really,” she insisted again. “I already talked to William about it and we have it all sorted out, don’t we?” Her eyes pleaded with him not to tell. 
“It is nothing of consequence,” William confirmed with ease.
“If William says they have it under control, I say we get going,” Charlie chimed in.
“The jeep is packed and ready,” Michael informed him. 
“Let’s get moving then.” 
“You two be careful, okay?” Melinda hugged each of them. 
As soon as her brother’s jeep had left the garage and pulled away, William held out his hand motioning for Melinda to lead the way. 
Their intention was to bump into Emily as she stopped for her morning coffee. Melinda ignored the people she crossed paths with, not in the mood for the local’s uncomfortable stares. 
It was a tense walk. William just inches to her side. Normally, his presence would be a comfort. Today it was maddening. Why did he have to have such an appealing strut? 
She tugged at her lip, trying to keep her heart beating at normal rhythm, forcing her hands deep into the pockets of her sweater. 
He glanced down at her five foot three frame, his gaze narrow. Penetrating. Perplexed.
She gulped, her cheeks getting hot. She kept her gaze forward at that point, thankful he could only hear her heart, and not feel the reason it fluttered like crazy. 
Damn it, Melinda! Get over the stupid dreams already! Just ahead, she saw Emily. Thank God. Good old predictable Emily… 
Emily was stepping into the Wicked Muddy Café. They stepped in after her, hopping into the line, already filling up with caffeine-deprived early risers. 
“Emily,” called out Melinda. 
Emily’s lanky, dark auburn ponytail nearly took out three customers as she swung around to see who was calling her name. 
“Melinda! William! What a nice surprise,” she greeted, moving back a few customers to stand with them. She gave Melinda a quick hug and allowed William to kiss her cheek, which turned rosy as she readjusted her glasses.  
“It is always lovely to see your beautiful smile,” William told her.
“Isn’t he just the sweetest,” she replied. Her Georgian drawl seemed overly accentuated. “What brings you two out this morning? I can’t recall the last time I saw you both out this early.” 
“We decided it was too nice a morning to have coffee at home,” Melinda lied, trying to catch a glimpse at Emily’s ring. It was hidden from view by the coffee mug and large purse Emily carried with her. 
Emily eyed Melinda suspiciously. Since when did she ever want to go for coffee in a public place? She shrugged it off, happy to see her friends. 
They arrived at the counter to order. 
“Ah. Ms. Bookstore Manager. The usual?” the gruff looking woman behind the counter assumed. 
“Predictable me,” Emily giggled, shrugging. 
“Comin’ right up!” She glanced sideways shouting, “One wicked muddy, regular, crème horne, cut in half, don’t need a fork.” She grinned at Emily as she took her money. “You have a nice day now, Hun, ya hear?” 
“Oh, you too, Grace,” Emily said with complete sincerity. “See you in the morning.” She grabbed her order, allowing William and Melinda to step up to the counter.  
“I’ll have a wicked muddy coffee as well, please,” Melinda ordered politely. “But not regular, just crème, no sugar. And no crème horne. That much sugar and I’ll be trying to climb walls,” she tried to joke. “Not that I do that sort of thing,” she hastily rambled. “I mean, who could actually climb a wall?” Just shut it! Why do I try to converse with people… 
The woman named Grace threw her an odd look and slapped down a paper cup filled with coffee so darkly colored that Melinda thought she’d need a cup twice the size to add enough cream to her liking. 
“Cream’s over there.” Grace nodded toward the end of the counter. 
“Oh, I just add it myself?” Melinda questioned, confused, since it had been added to Emily’s coffee for her.  
“We find that people who don’t take it regular prefer to fix it themselves,” explained Grace. She walked away to grab another stack of paper cups. 
“Okay then,” Melinda mumbled, heading to add her cream. When Grace returned, she asked William what he’d like to order. 
“Nothing for me, thank you. Just the coffee for Ms. Howard if you please.” 
Not even gruff Grace could ignore William Wakefield’s charms whether he intended it or not. She blushed as she took William’s money and handed him back his change. 
“Please keep the change, dear lady. Good day to you.”
“You don’t be a stranger now,” Grace called out as he and Melinda departed the store. 
“See Melinda, you’re making friends with the locals already,” he whispered. 
“Yeah, um, I’m pretty sure she meant you, William. Not me.” 
He shrugged as they stepped outside, where Emily waited for them. 
“Can we walk you to work this morning?” William asked her, holding out his arm. She took hold and giggled again. 
A twinge of jealousy pinched at Melinda. William never offered his arm to her. He used to now and then when they’d patrol together at night. It was the only time she ever left the house, sometimes for weeks on end. He’d stopped though. She had trouble recalling just when. 
Emily chirped a greeting to a passerby before asking, “What is Michael up to today?” Always her first question. Michael was such an idiot, thought Melinda. Emily was a catch.  
“Exploring a cave with Charlie,” informed William.  
“With Charlie. That’s great! Are they getting along better today? If I have to listen to Michael go on and on about Charlie this and Charlie that…” she stopped, biting her tongue. 
“Don’t worry, Emily. We feel the same way,” Melinda retorted. 
“To be honest,” began William, “they are researching a case for the sheriff. A man’s skeleton was discovered in a cave yesterday.”
“Oh. Well, that’s too bad, but maybe the time together will be good for them.” 
“We can only hope,” Melinda agreed wholeheartedly.
“It’s just so nice to see you both,” Emily said with a happy sigh. “It’s the perfect start to my morning. Well, including this.” She grinned as if she’d just been caught doing something naughty, while holding up her crème horne bag. “Just can’t seem to get my gumption without my morning sugar fix.” 
“Frankly, Emily, it’s sort of a relief to know you have a weakness. You’re too perfect!” claimed Melinda.  
“Me? Perfect? Hardly,” she snickered. 
Melinda wished she could have an ounce of the likeability Emily possessed. She always found it so easy to be around people as if they’d been friends her entire life. 
“Here we are,” announced Emily, scrounging through her oversized purse for the key. A carved wooden sign hung out over the edge of the building. It read, Harboring the Book… aptly named after the harbors that surrounded the town, and for being a haven for new and used books. 
Twice, while searching for the key, Emily’s glasses fell off and into her bag, and once she had located the key, she dropped it. William’s astute movements caught it just before it slipped into a deep crevice in the pavement. 
“Thank you, William. You move so fast. That must come in super handy.” She entered the store, leaving the door open so they could follow.
Emily Morgan knew all the secrets of the Howard family. About them being witches, about Michael’s ability to see how someone died, about William being a vampire, and about Melinda’s prophetic dreams. She even, at times, assisted with research on difficult cases. 
Emily had moved, with her parents, to The Demon Isle from Savannah, Georgia, at the start of her senior year of high school. She and Michael became fast friends, especially after her mother’s death just months after their move. This was followed by the Howard’s parent’s deaths, just a few months later. 
After graduation, Emily left the island to attend college, but a year in, her father’s health had taken a toll for the worse and she returned home. The bookstore owner hired her as part time help, and just a year and a half later decided to retire, leaving Emily to manage the store. 
“Ah, the smell of books.” She let out a satisfied sighed, set down her belongings and turned to Melinda and William. “So what brings you out today? I’m guessing this isn’t just a social call. Do you need help with research for the case your brothers are working on?”
“Well… actually… we are here to see you, Emily,” Melinda admitted. “I wonder, would you mind if we took a look at your ring?” 
“This ring?” Emily held out her hand. “Whatever for?” 
William dashed over and grasped onto her hand, splaying her fingers, looking closely at the ring, searching for any clue as to its true purpose. 
“I am afraid I have never seen a ring like this before.” William frowned, disheartened. “I had hoped upon closer inspection I would recognize it at once.” 
“Well, what’s so important about my little ‘ole ring?” 
Sudden comprehension stretched across Emily’s face. She pulled her hand away from William and stepped back, her eyes darting to Melinda. 
“You had a dream about me, didn’t you?” Her tanned skin paled, taking on a sudden sickly appearance.  
Melinda gulped. She would not be able to hide what she had seen from Emily. William handled the difficult part of explaining. 
“Emily, it is true. Melinda has had a dream regarding you.” 
“Everyone in your dreams always dies.” 
“Please don’t panic, Emily! We think we already have a good lead on how to save you!” Melinda blurted out artlessly, her own panic mounting. 
“Save me... This does not sound good at all.” 
“Emily,” spoke William, gazing into her eyes assuredly. “We will not allow anything to happen to you.”  
She didn’t speak, but rather nodded that she understood. She at least seemed less panicked. William took her warm hand, gently, into his cold hand, and inspected the ring again. “What can you tell me about this ring?” His voice was soothing and controlled so as not to cause additional concern.  
“Nothing really. My dad gave it to me when I was a little girl. Told me never to take it off.” 
“Did he ever tell you why you should never take it off?” inquired Melinda. 
“I never asked. I just thought he didn’t want me to lose it, seeing as I do have a habit of losing things…” 
“Emily, have you ever suffered from seizures of any kind?” Melinda questioned next.  
“Seizures. Well, no. I can’t say that I’ve ever had a seizure. Why? Is that what happens to me? Do I have some kind of seizure?” They could hear the doom returning to her voice. 
“I’m sorry, Emily. I really don’t know. The dreams, they are not always clear. But I am confident that it has something to do with your ring.” 
“Here, then.” Emily started to slide it off her finger. 
“Do not remove it!” said William emphatically. His tone calmed. “I fear it may not be safe for you to remove the ring, Emily.” 
“Oh, okay,” she muttered in a daze.
“Now that I have properly inspected the ring, I have a good picture in my mind. It is all I require for research.” 
“Which William is an expert at,” reminded Melinda.
“You know,” started Emily, scrunching her nose, as if trying to remember something. “Now that you mention seizures, I do remember my mom having one once. Oddly enough, it was just a few weeks later that my dad gave me this ring.”
“Your mother?” William repeated. 
Melinda could practically see William’s mind racing through his vast stores of knowledge, hoping some bit of information would lead him in the right direction to solve this puzzle. 
“Was your mother prone to seizures? Did she have them often?” Melinda prodded.
“I only remember the one time.”
A little ding sounded at the front of the shop. 
“Oh dear, a customer.” Emily rushed off in a blaze. Melinda was impressed at how easily Emily seemed to put aside her fears and help the woman locate the book she was looking for, with a smile, as always.  
While Emily was away, Melinda noted a familiar look spreading across William’s face. He was listening to something no human could hear. 
“What?”
“Be right…” before she heard back, he sped away so quickly, no human eye could have seen him. A minute later, William returned to her side, as if he had never left. 
“There is something in this bookstore,” he informed her. “Something not human. Something dead I do believe. We may need Michael’s assistance after all.” 
“You mean, like a ghost?” Melinda clarified. 
“I believe, yes.” 
“Can Michael even read a ghost? There’s no body for him to touch.”
“I am unsure as he has never tried.” 
“Okay. So do we focus on the ring, or the ghost?” 
“Both,” answered William. “Perhaps this spirit has some interest in the ring? It might be the reason you did not see what was attacking Emily. I also think it necessary to have a chat with her father.” 
“Okay,” agreed Melinda. “Should I try to reach Charlie and Michael?” 
“Not yet. We will investigate first.” 
William walked next to Melinda, at human speed, back to the front of the bookstore. 
“Find anything?” asked Emily, alone again after her customer’s departure.  
“Not really. Look, Emily,” said Melinda. “We’ve got some things to look into. Why don’t you just go about your day, try not to freak out, and call me on my cell if you think of anything that might help us figure out what’s so special about your ring.” 
“And do not take it off,” reminded William, kindly. 
“Yes, sir,” she saluted, attempting bravery. “I’ll just stay here,” she called after them as they left the store. In a small voice she whimpered, “and try not to think about the fact that you just told me I’m gonna die.” 

##

The jeep bounced as Michael drove he and Charlie out of town, edging their way toward the outskirts of The Demon Isle. He made a turn toward the ocean, passing by the harbor where a ferry was just arriving full up with early arriving tourists. 
Michael tossed a dazzling smile to a few bikini-clad twenty-something’s leaning over the ferry’s railing, waving to anyone watching from the shore, excited to spend a day on the Isle. He groaned, watching them bounce around on the deck. One thing I might miss just a little when I leave. There’s other beaches… he reminded himself. 
Michael glanced at Charlie and shook his head. He hadn’t even noticed the women waving at him, his gaze straight ahead and focused. Michael sped up, jetting down the road before the cars could start pulling off the ferry, jamming up the traffic. 
They continued on, after a couple more miles, passing by the entrance to White Pines National Park, which included Fort Ridgley, a fort that had been mainly used as a commerce port during the late 1800’s and early 1900’s. 
After another mile of winding roads, they came to a fork. One direction led to a lighthouse, the other, toward Bloodsucker Bay. About five miles down the road Michael slowed to nearly a stop, taking a sharp turn down what appeared to be an old, infrequently used dirt pathway. It was dotted with mud-filled potholes, which splattered the sides of the jeep as they drove across.  
After another thirty minutes of bouncing across the poorly maintained road, Michael pulled the jeep off to the side and parked. Just ahead sprawled the rocky beach of Bloodsucker Bay.  
The bay consisted of both fresh water, which leaked in from a nearby lake, and salt water, which leaked in from the ocean during high tide. The lake was infamous for its bloodsucking leeches; leeches which had adapted to living in both fresh and salt water. 
“You sure this cave will be easy to find?” Charlie asked Michael as they readied their diving gear. 
“Got a crystal ready to go. Should be easy.” Michael took it out of his pocket. He plunged it into the water and after a second, it twisted in the palm of his hand and lit up. “That’s the way we head.” 
“Nicely done,” Charlie said, impressed. “You’re good at being a witch, you know.” 
“If this is your way of trying to suck up, don’t bother, Charlie. I’ve made up my mind. I’m leaving at the end of summer. I, uh, already enrolled in classes.” 
Classes… damn… he hadn’t realized his brother had done that. 
“Just because you’re given some gift,” Michael continued after a minute, “doesn’t mean you should be stuck with it the rest of your damn life.” 
“I get that, Michael. Of all people, I really do.” 
“I didn’t mean it to come out like that,” his brother apologized sincerely.  
“The thing is, Michael, you’re not wrong. You’re not wrong to want a life outside The Isle. What happened to me, that wasn’t my choice, but I have to live with it regardless. Just remember that you’ll have to live with the choices you make. And your choices don’t affect just you… they affect me, and Melinda, and William, too.”
“You think I don’t know that? Why do you think it’s taken me this long? I wanted to leave with Emily, back when she went to college. But I stayed, Charlie. Mom and Dad were gone and Melinda was a wreck. But she’s getting better now and Mom and Dad aren’t coming back. They’re gone.” Michael took a frustrated breath. “Have you ever considered that maybe it’s just time to move on? Let someone else handle all this supernatural, protecting-the-isle crap…”
“Someone else? Like who?”
“I don’t know, Charlie. Just, not us. Hasn’t our family given enough? What law says it has to be a Howard sacrificing their lives to protect this island? And for what? To die trying to find a magical power source hidden on the Isle hundreds of years ago. Look, I get why you don’t want to leave this place. You fear being away from the Isle might trigger your curse. And you feel a responsibility to be here. That it’s your solemn duty to be here. But I don’t, Charlie. And that’s the God’s honest truth. All this place does, is take from us.” 
Charlie dropped his head, no idea how to respond. On so many levels, he agreed with his brother. But the obligation that plagued him to uphold his family’s heritage overshadowed everything else. Everything except, as Michael said, the fear that something would trigger his curse. 
They finished readying their diving equipment in silence. Charlie’s thoughts strayed to the day his life had changed, the day he had lost control of his own future.
It was ten years ago now, he was only sixteen, and yet he remembered every detail as if it had just happened. They had been hiking on the Isle, deep in the woods. Michael, Charlie and their father, Jack. 
He saw the pathway they had been hiking, clearly in his mind. They were walking down hill, hurrying to get back to their campsite as the sun had set and the moon was rising up over the tall pines and maple trees. It was big and bright, but still a day from full. 
Charlie could not help but grin as he remembered them laughing. He could not recall the joke, but their father had told it, and it wasn’t even remotely funny, and yet they had laughed and laughed. They had been laughing so hard that the attack caught them completely by surprise. 
A monstrous gray wolf jumped onto their path, blocking them, almost as if it had been awaiting their arrival. 
Charlie remembered that before feeling fear, his first thought was, Why is there a wolf on the Isle? There are no wolves here. Yet here one was, lunging toward his father’s throat. They’d had but a second to react.  
All Charlie could think to do was use his own body in defense and threw himself in front of his father. Even at sixteen, he was bulkier than his father was. 
Michael attempted to use magic to stop the wolf, but he wasn’t fast enough and the spell missed the lunging beast, hitting a nearby tree and shattering the branches. The wolf sank its teeth into Charlie’s shoulder, forcing them both to the ground. His father blasted the wolf with a strong spell, tearing it off his son’s body. Amongst the torn flesh and profuse bleeding, a tooth jutted out of Charlie’s skin. A souvenir he had put onto a chain and now wore around his neck.
The wolf had run off into the woods, howling as it did so. 
Michael and his father had used what magic they could to stop the bleeding, but it didn’t help for long. They rushed him out of the woods and to the hospital. After a long night of tests, stitches and shots for fighting rabies, Charlie was allowed to return home. 
It wasn’t until a month later as the full moon approached, that they got confirmation that the wolf had really been something more than just a wolf. 
Months of research followed.  
Their first thought was werewolf. However, no known cases of werewolves turning before the full moon had ever been documented, and it had looked like a regular wolf, just larger. Whereas a werewolf would have been much larger, and trim, yet muscular, and most likely have used its hind legs to stand, like a human. Not ran on all fours like the attacking gray wolf had done. 
This noted though, it was obvious over the following months that Charlie took on traits known to belong to werewolves. Like an increased appetite, a higher body temperature and faster healing from wounds. Although, the wound inflicted by the wolf bite did not ever fully heal, and left a scar in its place. 
As each full moon approached, Charlie would get agitated easily, and when his temper got the better of him his features would change, taking on a feral quality. His hair would darken and stiffen. His facial hair came in thick. His eyes would change from the bright blue the Howard’s were famous for, to sharp silver. 
As time passed, his wolf nature began to emerge whenever his emotions were heightened. He didn’t have the complete strength of a fully transformed werewolf, but he was quite a bit stronger than a human should be. 
Regardless of all the changes taking place, he never fully transformed. Each month as the full moon neared, he tried, if possible, to avoid things that would set off his temper. The wolf craved to escape. To be set free. But he kept it locked up, never allowing it to fully surface. 
How?
No one had any explanation. Even after months of research that included William leaving The Demon Isle to search out myths and legends, they had no explanation. The best they could determine is that because Charlie wasn’t bitten on a full moon, or due to the powerful witch blood coursing through his veins, that somehow this affected the outcome. Over the years, Charlie had also theorized that the power source might be keeping the curse at bay. But again, there was no proof, only speculation. 
Not being able to contain the wolf was Charlie’s number one fear. He reached up and brushed the scar with his hand, and watched Michael stepping into the frigid waters of Bloodsucker Bay. He shouldn’t be forced into this life… but do any of us really have a choice?  
Charlie dropped his hand and silently joined Michael in the water. He was already swimming away from shore and diving underneath. About ten feet out his head popped out of the water and he took out his mouthpiece.  
“There’s a steep drop off just a few feet out,” he warned Charlie. 
He nodded, taking a few cautious steps until he saw the drop off. He dove in alongside Michael. 
“Test. Test,” Charlie spoke into his microphone. 
“Hear you loud and clear,” Michael returned. Charlie let him lead the way. 
Michael opened his hand where he still held the crystal. It was heavy and didn’t float in the partially salted water. It made a slight turn in his hand and lit up. He motioned for Charlie to follow and they set off. It took Michael about ten minutes to locate the entrance to the cave. He motioned for Charlie to look, but his brother’s attention was drawn to the depths below the cave’s entrance. 
“I think there’s another diver.” Charlie pointed with his head. His voice broke up a little, but Michael heard enough to understand. 
“I’ll take your word for it. You can see better than I can.” 
Another gift the wolf bite had given Charlie. 
They swam a little closer, curious as to who else would be diving in the area. 
“Hey! I think they’re in trouble!” Charlie took off, his muscular arms and powerful thighs pumping downward toward the ocean floor. 
Michael followed, apprehensive at first, but trusted his brother’s eyes at these depths, more so than his own. 
As usual, Charlie’s instincts were correct, for as they swam closer it became clear that the diver was in serious trouble. It was a woman, and it was her unusually fierce white hair that Charlie’s eyes had been drawn to. As soon as the diver noticed the brothers, she began waving her arms frantically. 
“Her leg is stuck in between two rocks,” Michael pointed out as they approached. The woman took out her mouthpiece, pointing at it. 
“And I think she’s out of air,” Charlie exclaimed. “I’ll give her mine. I don’t need it anyway.” Charlie could easy use a spell to breathe under water. They just preferred to do things the normal way, to avoid raising suspicions from any unaware onlookers. But he wouldn’t risk a life for it. 
Charlie took off his oxygen tank and handed it to the woman. She looked puzzled for the briefest of moments, until Charlie shoved the mouthpiece through her lips, ordering her to breathe. He kept the headpiece with the microphone and the goggles. A second later, a large air bubble surrounded his head, like a helmet. 
Michael tried to free the woman’s foot, but to no avail. He wasn’t strong enough. “I can’t free her.”  
Charlie dove and tried to free the woman’s leg. The rock fell slightly, discharging a stream of blood from the woman’s injured leg, but not releasing it. 
The woman let out a short scream, nearly sucking in water as she almost dropped the mouthpiece. The scream rattled the brothers. They didn’t have much time. The blood would soon attract unwanted company, leeches, topped by the fact that the woman was in serious danger of dying if they could not free her. 
Charlie decided he had only one choice: to let go of the control he tried to keep so carefully in check.  
He let the strength of the wolf course through his veins, which popped against his skin and sped up his heartbeat. In a blink, his blue eyes flashed to bright silver. The stubble on his chin darkened as if thickening, fast. 
A low snarl forced its way out of his throat and into the air bubble surrounding his head. Muscles rippled through his shoulders, down the length of his arms and with one thrust, he heaved the rock off the woman’s leg, as if the rock suddenly weighed nothing. It fell to the ground a few feet away with a slow crash. 
Charlie grabbed the woman, pulling her out of harm’s way.  
He swam with her in tow, into the cave, as it was the closest spot they could safely check the woman’s injuries. A few seconds later, their heads popped out of the water. Michael surfaced alongside them. 
Charlie needed no help pulling the woman out of the water. She wasn’t a tall woman, about five foot five, and her body was thin, but well-toned. His wolf strength yanked her body out and to the top of a rock, with ease. His grip was firm and strong, but his touch and movement of her, gentle. 
The woman coughed out some water and fell onto her back, long white strands clinging to her water soaked skin, and the rock below her. Charlie straddled the woman’s legs, wild eyes peering down at her to see if she was okay. He guessed her to be in her mid-twenties. 
His wild gaze met hers; shock swirled through her widened hazel globes. She stared up at Charlie’s animalistic features, her mouth hung open in awe. 
How am I going to explain this?
“Wh- what…” her stunned voice trailed off, her voice caught in her throat. 
He jumped up and spun around, trying to re-cage the wolf. Perhaps he’d blame it on her injury. Although, it wasn’t her head that was injured. 
Charlie calmed himself, his chest stretching in extended breaths. There hadn’t been another option. He couldn’t let the woman die, stranger or not. But he’d just exposed himself, and therefore his family, to an unknown outsider. 
Michael’s empathy picked up on Charlie’s concern, and he knelt down next to the woman, distracting her from his brother. “Are you okay?” He could have answered on her behalf but bit his tongue. I so hate my life… 
She was more than okay. Charlie’s appearance hadn’t frightened her at all. She was mystified and electrified by it. 
Michael cleared his throat but said nothing to indicate he knew this. 
The woman nodded yes. “Yeah. I’m fine. Thanks to you two.” Her voice held an edge of exhaustion. She took a quick side-glance at Charlie. 
Michael helped her sit up. “Nasty cut you got, though,” he noted, pointing toward her leg.  
“I’ve had worse,” she admitted. 
Charlie spun around, looking human once again. “If you’re so clumsy, maybe diving isn’t the best idea for you. Especially alone.” There was a harshness in his tone he hadn’t meant to use, but he hoped it might scare her, just a little. Keep her from asking questions he did not want to answer. 
“Right now, I cannot argue that point,” she replied, her voice guilt ridden. “Thanks, for saving my life,” she added, as if those words hardly made up for what they had done for her.
“Lucky we dove when we did,” Michael told her. He allowed his empathic ability to engulf the woman, sensing for her emotional state again. He was surprised she held no lingering concern or fear over seeing Charlie as something more than human, and did not seem fazed by her near death experience. Abnormal things did not bother her. Hopefully, this would prove to their advantage.  
Charlie knelt down to check her leg. He heard the woman suck in a wince as his hand ran down her calf, examining the wound. The cut was substantial in length, but not deep enough to require stitches. He frowned. All their medical supplies were in the jeep. He unzipped his diving vest letting it fall to the rock, and pulled his white tank top over his head, tearing it into strips. 
She exhaled sharply, her eyes wide, taking in all of him. Broad shoulders. Powerful arms. Abs so perfect they might have been painted on. She had to force her mouth closed, realizing she’d let it fall open. 
Michael wanted to dive back in the water and leave this party. 
His brother, however, was oblivious. Charlie tied the torn shirt strips around the wound, gently. 
“This should hold until we get back to the surface. We’ve got medical supplies in our jeep.” 
“You carry medical supplies. Do you often find damsels in distress?”
Charlie just shrugged, as if to say, something like that… their eyes met, and a sudden coolness stretched through his muscles, shooting an icy sensation pulsing through his veins. It was as if his wolf-warmed hot blood dropped a few degrees, instantly. 
He shivered, goosebumps popping up on his arms. 
Charlie Howard had not shivered due to being cold since he’d been bitten by the wolf, ten years prior. He had forgotten what it even felt like.
He didn’t like it. Something about it screamed, this is wrong. Unnatural. 
Charlie let go of the woman’s leg, standing, his usual hot blood returning, melting away the icy chill. He shook it off, letting it go with his next breath. 
The woman grabbed hold of her long mane of white, ringing out excess water. “What are your names?” 
“I’m Charlie. Charlie Howard. This is my brother, Michael.” 
“Well, Charlie and Michael, what brings you two down to the bottom of Bloodsucker Bay, other than happening to save this gal’s life?” 
“What brings you down to Bloodsucker Bay? Ms? Mrs?” Charlie questioned in return.
“Eva Jordan. Ms. I guess if it matters.” Her gaze fluttered up to Charlie. 
His face hardened, then softened. He could not figure this woman out. There was something unsavory about her presence here. Stupid wolf. I got to get off the paranoia wagon. Another gift of the wolf… bouts of paranoia and distrust. 
“To be honest,” the woman named Eva, explained, “I was looking for some adventure.” She made a face that said, Boy, did I get more than I bargained for. 
Michael chuckled. “It’s nice to meet you, Eva. Although I’m sure different circumstances would have been preferred. My brother and I are from the Isle. We often spend our days diving in these waters, strictly in search of damsels in distress.” He winked in a flirtatious manner.  
There goes my brother, thought Charlie. Turning on the charm. No woman can resist…
Eva Jordan did resist, however. Her curious eyes still landed on Charlie. He leaned over, outstretched his hand and helped her to her feet. He felt better once he’d touched her again and the strange drop in temperature did not happen a second time. Perhaps it had just been the dive messing with him. 
“Thank you. I’m really quite fine now. You two can just do whatever you came to do.” 
“And just how are you going to get out of this cave?” Charlie asked her. 
“Hadn’t really thought that far ahead. Boy do I sound like a dope. Guess you boys are stuck with me.” 
While Eva gathered herself together, Michael whispered to his brother. “This complicates things a bit. Can’t use magic.” 
“We’ll just have to investigate the old fashioned way,” Charlie grumbled. 
“Um, I don’t mean to,” the woman named Eva interrupted. “But I can’t help hearing what you guys are saying. Everything bounces off cave walls, you know.” She twirled her finger as if to remind them of their surroundings. 
The brothers stared in silence, unsure how to explain to this stranger about magic and witches. 
“Look, don’t worry,” she assured. “It’s completely obvious you guys are magical types, witches or something, and you Charlie, well, you are definitely something more than human. I’m sorry for freaking out on you a minute ago… your face up close like that, it just startled me.”  
“Wh-What?” Charlie stuttered, unable to find the words he wanted to say. Michael could do no better. 
“When I was a kid,” she continued to explain, “my dad summered here on the Isle a few times. He said it was some kind of Mecca for the supernatural community. And he always told me he was sure there were witches living here. Let’s just say I am well versed in the world of the supernatural.”
“So you know about witches and magic… and stuff,” Charlie confirmed, sounding uncharacteristically confounded. 
“Yup. Can’t do any magic. Not a witch. But my father is what you could call an expert, and I, well I travel around with him now, helping him with his research.”
“Wait a minute,” Michael said. “Eva Jordan? Your dad isn’t by chance Anthony Jordan, the author, is he?” 
Eva’s face lit up. 
“Who is Anthony Jordan?” asked Charlie. 
“My father,” confirmed Eva.
“Wow!” replied Michael with renewed interest. “Your father wrote the Modern Day Guide to the Supernatural, didn’t he?” 
“That would be correct.” 
“William has that book in his study, Charlie. For someone coming from a non-magical background, his work is quite thorough. It’s a handy guide, I must say.”
“Of course, most people think it’s just made up drivel,” Eva remarked. “He is not exactly a respected literary genius in the writing or scientific community.” 
“Well in the witch community, at least this witch community, he’s got fans,” said Michael. 
“You’ve read it?” 
“Cover to cover,” Michael told her. “I’m not just a pretty face,” he claimed with a wink. 
“Got a little inner geek, eh?” she jabbed lightly. 
“I’ll never admit that,” he responded through grinning lips. 
She laughed at his response. Michael liked her. She was easy going and his empathy didn’t pick up on anything potentially dangerous. No warning signs popped out of her emotions. Her feelings made a lot more sense now. 
Eva wasn’t scared seeing Charlie in his non-human form because she was aware of the supernatural side of the Isle. Still, she had amazing recovery for being in a near death experience.
Charlie, on the other hand, did not like the situation at all; it seemed wrong to him. First, that they just happened upon a woman in trouble near a cave not often explored, only to find out she is aware of their world, something few know. And the timing... right after a dead body was found in this very cave... 
Then again, she did have a nasty gash on her leg and was truly panicked when they had found her. Plus the man found in the cave had been dead for years, and had been killed by their mother. This Eva Jordan couldn’t have anything to do with that.
He could tell by Michael’s reactions that he wasn’t getting any strange vibes, so Charlie shook it off as paranoia. His wolf senses were tingling at full speed though, warning him there was something not right about this entire situation. 
But perhaps that had more to do with the fact they were standing in a cave where his parents had stood, shortly before their deaths, and had nothing to do with Eva Jordan. 
“So you’re summering on the Isle again?” Michael asked her. 
“Yes. My father rented a place on the shore, just outside of town near the Mermaid Point Lighthouse.” 
Her father was on the Isle as well. Michael wondered if he might get to meet him.  
Charlie cleared his throat. “This is all quite interesting,” although his tone clearly meant the opposite. “But we’re losing the day. We should get a move on.” 
He tried to pass off his doubts as purely paranoia, but something nagged at the back of his mind. Something about this woman was not trustworthy. And the sooner they got out of the cave, the sooner he could be done with her. 
“So where are you headed?” Eva asked them.  
Michael smiled, taking out the crystal. 
“We are heading that way,” he pointed, as the crystal turned and lit up, toward the darkness of a cavern not too far ahead. They jumped back into the water and swam to the embankment of the cavern. Once out of the water, they unhooked their flippers, leaving on shoes that were flexible and waterproof. Eva wore the same style flipper. They left the flipper parts behind and carefully stepped into the cavern. 
The crystal grew brighter, and the cavern was surprisingly easy to walk through. The brothers had expected the terrain to be more difficult to negotiate. Another five minutes in, the light from the crystal unexpectedly went out, plunging the trio into complete darkness. 
Up ahead, voices echoed. 
They were not alone in the cave. 

CHAPTER THREE

William and Melinda reached Emily’s house. They located her father in the garden out back. 
“William Wakefield and Melinda Howard. Well, I’ll be! What brings you two out my way?” He motioned for them to have a seat under a gazebo in the center of the garden.  
“It’s good to see you Mr. Morgan. You look like you’re getting around better,” Melinda noted, although she had not seen him since his last visit, with Emily, for dinner a few weeks prior at the Howard Mansion. 
“That I am. That I am. Doc finally got the pain meds right and my back has never felt better! Just you two wait until you’re this age…” he trailed off. 
Melinda took a sideways glance at William. Aging. Something he would never experience. Something she would. Another reason they could never be together. 
“Mr. Morgan,” began William, “we actually came today to speak with you about something rather urgent.” 
“Oh. I see. What can I help you with?” 
“It’s regarding Emily,” William revealed. 
“Emily!” His eyes widened. “Is she okay?”
“Um. Well. We are hoping you might be able to tell us if she’s okay,” Melinda said. 
Emily’s father looked confused.  
“Mr. Morgan, what can you tell us about Emily’s ring?” William got right to the point. 
At the mention of the ring, Mr. Morgan’s face turned ashen, and he lost all vigor. 
“It was a gift,” he stammered. “I gave it to her years ago, but it once belonged to Emily’s mother.” 
“Does it have any special purpose?” Melinda prompted. 
Mr. Morgan still did not answer. 
“Look, Mr. Morgan. I hate to be blunt,” Melinda stated, “but we don’t have much time. I am sure, after living on The Demon Isle these last few years, that you must be aware there are things on this island that are not… normal.” 
Mr. Morgan stood and paced the gazebo. 
“I am quite aware,” he divulged with complete seriousness. “It is the reason I moved my family out of Georgia, and to The Demon Isle in the first place.”
William and Melinda listened intently. 
“It took me years to locate this Isle. I tracked rumor after rumor, followed clue after clue. I needed to find a home for my family that strengthened magic and my search led me to here, to The Demon Isle. Of course, there were also warnings, that because of the nature of the Isle, many dangerous things were attracted here as well. It didn’t matter though. I needed strong magic to save Emily from a life of pain, and fear. It was her mother’s dying wish that I bring her here. She lived just long enough to see it through.” 
He paused taking a coarse breath and continued, his voice sure, but sad. 
“You see, Emily takes after her mother. She was a spirit vessel. So is Emily.” 
William’s eyes brightened with understanding. “The ring, it blocks the spirits?”
“Yes. We gave Emily the ring when she was a little girl. As I said, it was once her mother’s ring. But when Emily started exhibiting signs that she also had the gift, her mother took off the ring and we gave it to Emily. Removing the ring left Emily’s mother vulnerable to spirits. Normally, she was prepared for this. She had taken the ring off many times, and allowed spirits to enter her body willingly. There was a time she helped many lost souls pass along messages and move on from this world.”
“It is not always as simple as that,” William surmised. “Is it?” 
“No. It is not. Her mother came into contact with an evil spirit. I don’t know how much you understand about spirit vessels, Mr. Wakefield, but some spirits, if strong enough, can possess a living, human vessel. It is nasty, hard work to get them back out once you let them in. One such spirit tricked my wife and possessed her for weeks. Emily was still young; she just thought her mother was ill. Not long after it was over and my wife was free from the possession, I gave Emily the ring. Her mother did not want her to experience such things at her young age. You both know my Emily,” he justified, gazing at them. “She’s so sweet natured, so lost her in books, and studies.” 
“She’s also super smart and quite strong willed when she puts her mind to something, Mr. Morgan,” Melinda reminded confidently. 
He nodded in worried agreement. “She is. Now. She had to become strong after her mother passed away.” He swallowed hard before continuing. “You see, before we came to the Isle, the ring’s power had started to weaken. We feared what would happen if the ring failed completely. We just wanted Emily to have a normal childhood. A normal life.” 
“So you moved here,” Melinda confirmed. “So the Isle’s magic would strengthen the ring’s power.” 
“Yes. Once we were here, and my wife knew that the ring would protect Emily, she passed on. She had been sick for some time. Cancer. She stuck it out long enough to see for herself that Emily would be protected.” He paused again and shakily continued. “I was terrified when she left to go to college, but the power from the Isle seemed to hold, especially since Emily came home to visit nearly every weekend.” 
“Mr. Morgan,” said William pointedly. “With the full understanding of everything you have gone through to protect your daughter, I fear I must inform you that something is trying to use Emily as a vessel.”
“I feared this day might come,” he whimpered grievously. “I have never even explained to Emily what she is. What her mother was. She has no idea.” His face pleaded for their help. 
“William,” cried Melinda in a tone that begged, please go protect Emily. 
Without question or hesitation, he sped instantly away toward the bookstore. 
“Wh-where did he go?” 
Melinda sighed. She spent the next several minutes explaining to Mr. Morgan that she and her brothers were witches and that William was a vampire. She continued to explain her prophetic dreams, including the one she’d had about Emily. She purposely left out the part where Emily died at the end, fearing his reaction. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Morgan. Now that we know what Emily is, we have a far greater chance at helping her through this.” 
“Is there anything I can do?” He suddenly looked old and worn. 
“Honestly, I think this is better handled by us. This is what we do, and William is quite knowledgeable. If anyone knows how to stop a spirit from entering a vessel, it will be William.” 

##

Charlie, Michael and Eva stood in the cave, their eyes adjusting to the sudden darkness. The voices some distance ahead caught them off guard, echoing ominous warnings back to them. 
Eva tripped, clutching Charlie for support. He grasped her, to keep her from falling over fully. “You steady?” he asked in a low voice. 
“Fine. Really not normally this clumsy.”  
He looked at her incredulously. 
“I swear it,” she mouthed. 
He could not resist a low chuckle. He might not trust her, but she was attractive, and had a keen mind, regardless of her clumsy missteps. Eva’s hand slid down his arm; her fingers radiating against his skin like cool satin. The nagging suspicion returned. A tingle twisting in his gut. What was it about her that sent his wolf senses into overdrive?  
He turned and stepped forward cautiously until light drifted in from up ahead. They stopped, listening, trying to decipher if the sounds they heard were friend, or foe. 
“Eat. Eat it all,” a cringing cackle reverberated through the cave. 
They listened closer and heard odd sounds. 
Sucking sounds. 
Slurping sounds. 
“I am thinking hostile,” Michael muttered, stepping closer to investigate. He motioned for them to hold up and wait. His footing was lighter and quieter than Charlie’s. 
“Does this sort of thing happen a lot around here?” Eva asked Charlie. She’d snuck up alongside him. 
He leaned down, just an inch from her ear. “Welcome to the real Demon Isle.” His tone taunted, with a mixture of fright and sarcasm. He grinned, at the same moment inhaling. As he did so, an unexpectedly overwhelming aroma filled his nostrils. 
Instantly heavenly and captivating, it shattered his guard, making him forget that he was on the job. Or standing in an underwater cave. With his brother ten feet away, and an unknown assailant just around the corner. 
None of that mattered. Only her. Only that smell.
He leaned down, wanting more of it. His lips just missed brushing down her neck.
Eva replied with a quick inhale, and lifted her chin, as if to give him access, encouraging his lips to taste her.
Why would she do that? He wondered. The thought dissolved into not caring about the answer. Words would not formulate. His mouth unable to make the right movements to create speech. 
He stumbled over his own feet.
One hand reached out, using the cave wall to keep his balance. The other hand wrapped around Eva’s waist. He towered over her, coming in at six foot three, his frame large enough to hide her petite size from anyone. His hand splayed and tightened against her back. He could not force himself to let go. 
 “You okay, Charlie?” Her eyes radiated amusement over Charlie’s sudden inability to speak or move correctly. But she didn’t pull away. She didn’t seem surprised by his behavior. 
No. It wasn’t him attracted to her. It was his wolf. 
A tiny voice shouted in the back of his mind, his human voice. No! This isn’t right.  
Control was failing. The hair on his face growing in thick and dark. A snarl built in his throat… a sudden desire to sink his teeth into her porcelain flesh…  
Then it vanished. 
The sudden intoxication lifted.
Just… gone. Clarity returning to Charlie’s befuddled brain.  
He stepped away, although clumsily tripping as he did so. 
His human face returned, the wolf receding back into its hiding place. 
Michael rejoined them with a grimace. Seriously? I’m gone for two minutes… the rest rambled through his mind in a grumble. 
“Sorry,” was all Charlie could muster as he turned away from Eva. His mind just repeated Damn! Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn… over and over… there was no logical explanation for what just happened. It made no sense whatsoever. 
Michael motioned for them to follow. Charlie did so, his memories as hazy mess.  
But he did remember his wolf coming out to play. Wanting to devour Eva. Literally, to tear into her flesh. 
Where the heck does such a sadistic idea even come from? Who the heck is this woman? Biting was one thing, but this was much different. This was a need to inflict fear, and pain. For no other reason than he could. 
He’d never been so glad to avoid dating humans. They were so fragile. He was dangerous. Possibly deadly if his wolf ever bit someone. 
He needed to be done with this job, and get away from this vexing white-haired jezebel. As far away as the island would allow. 
Why would he react to her like this? No, not him… his wolf. It was his wolf that craved her. Not him. 
It was a smell, he recalled. An intoxicating smell had set it off. 
So the solution is easy. After we get out of this cave, I never get close to her again. Problem, solved.    
He stepped up beside his brother, having difficulty focusing. His breathing uneasy.  
“What the heck was that all about?” mouthed Michael. He held up his arm. “Rhetorical question. Can feel it, remember?” And he was super freaking happy about it. 
Charlie wasn’t thrilled either, and wondered just how much of that Michael had picked up on. Sometimes, having an empath for a brother was a pain in the butt. It could come in handy, but at times like these... “I have no idea what that was.” Charlie shook his head. “Let’s just focus on what’s ahead. Please.” 
Michael’s empathy picked up on the fact that Charlie was now in freaked out mode. Something about what just happened had him teetering on a precarious edge. 
They didn’t have time to deal with it now. 
Eva joined them. 
Charlie ignored her, focusing on the voices ahead. Overwhelmed by a need to control the situation. The smell was at least gone. Thank God. 
“I think it’s time to crash this party.” Charlie narrowed his gaze. 
“Yeah, let’s,” agreed Michael. 
The brothers wasted no time, rushing forward, only to freeze in their tracks once out in the open. Horrified disgust washed over their faces. 
Eva came up behind them. “What. The Hell. Are. Those?” she choked. 
Michael tried to answer. “Those are the sickest… most disgusting…” he was cut off by Charlie. 
“Sea Hag!” 
“A what?” Eva shouted, her eyes bulging.  
The brothers did not reply to her question.  
Michael stretched out his right hand, his palm facing the Sea Hag. 
The Hag turned to face Charlie and Eva, hissing at them through jagged teeth. Her eyes were a milky white and her skin, scaly, and covered in a thin layer of greenish slime. 
Eva stayed hidden behind Charlie. He almost laughed when he saw her face. She may have known about the supernatural, but she had never seen anything like a Sea Hag. The humor of the moment shook off whatever messed-upness had just happened between them, and helped him refocus. He was Charlie Howard. Not a werewolf. And he was in control of his actions… 
“Watch out, Charlie,” Michael warned as the Hag advanced toward his brother.
Michael pushed his arm forward as if shoving something away from his body. Something appeared in his hand: a round, surging energy ball, which he thrust at the Hag. She ducked, it missed, the energy ball smashing into the side of the cave. Slivers of rock fell to the ground.  
The Sea Hag skittered closer, her slimy webbed feet easily clinging to any surface. Then, what had only a moment ago looked like stiff quills covering her head, started to shift and wriggle, like snakes swimming in water. Each quill-like strand was much longer than it had initially appeared, and each one took on a life of its own, striking out at Charlie and Eva. Each strand came to a sharp, thorny arrow-like point. Something the brothers knew contained a toxin that could easily incapacitate them in seconds. 
“Eva, stay away from those things on her head,” warned Charlie. 
“Don’t intend on getting that close.”   
Charlie handed her three vials. “These are potions that will blow up just about anything,” he explained. “If something happens and we’re knocked out… throw them at whatever’s coming at you, and get out of here!”
She nodded and glanced at her hand in awe of what she now held. 
Charlie egged the Sea Hag, trying to keep her attention, while Michael positioned himself for a straight shot at her.  
The Hag bared her teeth, a rattling hiss emanating from her mouth. 
“Howards,” they heard her speak, in her hissing tongue. 
“She can talk,” Eva said, surprised.  “And she knows who you are.”  
“Most creatures around here do,” Charlie replied. His concern for their safety, as well as the desire to find out if this Hag knew anything about their parents’ deaths, sent his emotions into overdrive. Charlie let out a primal snarl that seemed to catch the Hag off guard, sending her back a few feet to rethink her approach.
“Why are you in this cave? What are these… things?” Charlie interrogated.  
Behind the Hag, wretchedly bloated, charcoal colored creatures that the brothers had never seen before sucked the walls of the cave, as if addicted to whatever substance they were sucking. 
The Hag did not answer Charlie. Instead, she turned to the wall-sucking creatures and spoke to them. “You eat enough, pets.” 
To the brother’s surprise, the bloated creatures listened to the Hag and stopped sucking, convening around her, as if she were their mother.  
Eva stepped back, watching wide-eyed as Charlie’s human face shifted into the wolf-like one she had seen earlier. Her stare lowered to his hands, as jagged nails grew long, extending outward from his fingers. He snapped his head, his fierce silver eyes shooting warnings at her. “Stay back,” he snarled. She pressed her back against the wall. 
Charlie leapt closer to the Sea Hag. “What are you doing in this cave?” he asked in an ill-tempered growl. “Answer now or you will die!” 
“You killed my kind before,” she rattled, her eyes blazing with anger.
Michael raised his arm to the Sea Hag, his palm pointed toward her, ready to strike if she attacked. 
“Come pets, now you kill!” the Hag ordered, her voice a loathing purr. 
Their bulging bodies, thick with whatever substance they were sucking, moved deceptively easy, skimming over rocks and cave debris as if the surface was smooth, like glass. 
“Are those?” started Michael. 
Charlie finished. “Leeches… really gigantic leeches.” 
“Never really been a fan of bloodsuckers before, but now…” Michael choked on his words, disgusted.  
“How did they get so big?” asked Eva, gagging as she spoke. 
There was no time for discussion as one of the leeches approached Charlie. When it was about five feet away, it did something even more surprising. It stopped and stood up, leaning on its backside, as if trying to walk. 
Its intention, however, was not to walk. As it stood, the contents of its body shifted, as if everything inside the creature just sank to the bottom. The head of the creature elongated and swung out in a circle, ready to knock over anything that got in its path. 
Michael focused on this one, as it was the closest to causing harm and pushed his palm forward, as if forcing energy out of his hand and toward the leech. 
A shimmering force field pushed through the cave, knocking the creature over. Michael turned and did the same to two other leeches that were climbing the cave walls, over Charlie and Eva’s heads. 
These leeches also slammed down to the cave floor. However, in seconds, had up- righted themselves to attack again.  
“Use more, Michael,” urged Charlie. 
“If you say so. This could get messy.” 
“No choice! Do it!” Charlie shouted. 
Michael pushed out another energy ball, this time it surged across the cavern and upon impact, ravaged the leech, blowing it into bloody bits. The others, smelling the blood, stopped their attack and raced to the blown up bits, gorging on what was left of their comrade.  
“Stupid pets,” the Sea Hag rattled. 
Charlie saw his opportunity and lunged forward, knocking the Hag flat on her back, pinning her to the ground. “Did you ever kill any Howards?” he grilled viciously. 
“Kill…” she croaked under his tight grip. He ducked out of the way of her poisonous quill-like strands. 
“Answer me!” Charlie demanded. “Did you ever kill any Howards?” 
She flailed like a fish out of water, opening her mouth as if to speak. At first, Charlie heard nothing. A second later, a high-pitched noise pierced his ears. A moment after, Michael and Eva heard it too. 
“She’s going sonic!” Michael warned. “Stop her now, or we’ll have more company than we can handle!” 
In one swift movement, Charlie lifted his arm and swiped his wolf-like claws across her scaly skin, slitting her throat. She gurgled through the blood gushing out of the wound and seconds later, the Sea Hag was dead. 
Charlie’s fist pounded into the cave floor next to her head, and he let out a cry that was a blend of both human and wolf. Killing her was the right thing to do, but he had not gotten the answers he had desperately wanted. 
He angrily kicked her dead body into the water. 
One after another, the leeches plopped in after her, seeking out the blood. 
“Charlie,” called out Michael. 
Charlie gave him a sign that he was okay, and just needed a minute to regain his composure. He leaned on the cave wall, resting his forehead against the cool, damp, rock, his breathing still coming out in ragged pants.  
Michael turned to Eva. “You okay?”
She just nodded in bewilderment.  
“A little more than you bargained for, eh?” Charlie’s breathy human voice jeered from a distance. He cast his blue eyes in her direction. 
“Something like that,” she insinuated warily.  
“What do you suppose those things were eating?” Michael asked, investigating the walls of the cave more closely. 
“Don’t know. Never heard of anything in these caves that any sea creature would find edible,” said Charlie, joining him. 
“So those things were once bloodsuckers… leeches?” confirmed Eva.
“Still are. Just much, much bigger than they should be,” Michael said. 
“Those aren’t in the bay, are they?” Her mouth twisted downward as she thought about what she was asking. 
“God I hope not,” droned Charlie. Just thinking about it made his stomach turn. 
“My guess would be no,” thought Michael. “I’m sure there would have been reports of monsters in the lake by now if they were. Which begs the question, where exactly are they hanging out? And just how many of them are there?” 
“Better inform the sheriff, just in case,” said Charlie. 
“Yeah, good idea,” agreed Michael. 
“The local police know about all this crazy stuff too?” Eva clarified. 
“Um. Not all of them. Just the town sheriff. She’s from the Isle,” Charlie answered, curious as to why Eva would care if the police knew about the supernatural.  
Michael ran his hand over the surface of the wall. “What is this stuff?” Rust colored specks spackled the entire cave wall. He scraped bits of the substance into a plastic bag he had stored in his diving suit.
“Whatever this is, I’m guessing it’s what transformed those leeches,” guessed Charlie. 
“They were clearly addicted to it,” Michael remarked. 
“Plus they can now move on land and in water,” Charlie added. “We’re going to have to keep watch I think, even after warning the sheriff. We can’t have those things showing up on beaches…” Charlie stopped himself. “I mean that I will keep a look out.” 
Michael averted his brother’s gaze and did not reply, but did nod just slightly. This was Charlie’s subtle way of accepting that he was leaving the Isle. Michael was really going to leave the Isle… “Once we get home I’ll run some tests,” he said after collecting what he hoped would be a sufficient amount of the rust colored leech food. “See if I can figure out what this stuff is.” 
After a few minutes, they began the trek back towards their diving gear. 
“Do you think this stuff is why our parents were down here?” asked Michael, as quietly as he could, hoping Eva would not overhear. 
“No idea. I don’t think we’re going to get the answers we came looking for today. But at least there’s one less Sea Hag to contend with.” 
Slowly and carefully, they made their way back into the water and out of the cave. Charlie used his underwater breathing spell to swim back to the surface, allowing Eva to use his air tank. Once out of the water they headed for the jeep. Michael worked on packing up, while Charlie grabbed the first aid kit to clean and dress Eva’s leg wound, properly. He was surprised that the cut did not look as bad as he’d first thought. 
He nervously grasped her leg, letting out a relieved breath when nothing out of the ordinary happened. He’d thought about asking Michael to fix her up, but he’d wanted to see for himself that it was all nothing. Just some freak thing that would never happen again. 
“So, do you like being your father’s assistant?” he asked, making small talk while opening a tube containing an antibiotic ointment.
“Sure…” 
There was an inflection that made Charlie believe otherwise. “What do you think about your father’s work after today?” 
“Actually, today just made it all quite real. Not that I haven’t always had complete faith in my father. I always believed him.” 
Charlie smirked. “I still remember my first time,” he told her, grinning smugly as he stroked ointment across her calf. 
She made a face that begged him to tell her more. 
“I was just turning seven. I knew I was a witch, but my parents, they did everything they could to keep us away from the scary stuff. Didn’t want us growing up too fast I guess. One night though I snuck out. Followed my dad into the woods. Let’s just say I got a pretty huge dose of reality and got myself pretty nearly scared out of my wits.” 
Eva laughed. “Sorry. I’m sure it wasn’t funny at the time.” 
“No. It wasn’t. But I did decide that night that I wanted to be just like my dad. He wasn’t scared at all. Just did his job and headed home like another day’s work was done.” 
He finished wrapping a bandage around her leg and put away the first aid kit. “It’s not quite good as new but a lot better than what it was. You might want to get that looked at by a real doctor though.” 
“I can almost guarantee there will be no need. I’m the daughter of a plant expert. My dad will mix up some remedy that’ll have it healed up in no time.” 
 “You need a ride somewhere?” Michael asked Eva, seeing as she was back on her feet. He was putting the last of their gear back into the jeep.  
“Nah. My car is just around the other side of the beach.” 
“You sure? Hate to leave you stranded out here, especially wounded,” Charlie said. 
“I swear to you, I’m really not the damsel in distress I was made out to be today.” 
Charlie smirked.  “I’m still not sure I believe you.” 
She reached out her hand, daringly, and stroked his bare chest, as he had not put on a new tank top after tearing his into pieces, to dress her wound in the cave. 
“Sorry about that.” 
“Just a shirt,” he answered, grasping her hand and gently pushing it away from him. He wanted to make it clear nothing would ever happen between them. 
Charlie had already let the wolf out enough today. Plus he still had no explanation as to what had happened in the cave, the intoxicating smell that had nearly hypnotized him into doing potentially fatal acts of violence. 
And if Eva was responsible for that smell, he could not trust himself around her. Being with a human woman was too dangerous. They were too frail. To breakable. They could not protect themselves from him. One bite would change their lives forever if he didn’t accidentally kill them first. 
And for a reason he did not understand, this particular woman was in a lot more danger, as she appealed to his wolf. Something he had never experienced or dealt with before. 
“I’d be more than happy to replace the shirt for you,” Eva insisted. “I mean, you saved my life, it’s the least I can do.” 
Charlie lingered in her gaze for a moment, ignoring her request. Something in her eyes tugged at him, begging the wolf to come out and play. Worse, he felt a sudden, inexplicable urge to lunge at Eva, pin her to the ground and sink his teeth into her luminous skin. 
He took an uneven breath, shaking himself back into the moment. He said nothing, his fierce blue eyes flashing flustered confusion.  
Eva’s mouth twisted in a mysterious smile as she backed away. “Bye, Charlie,” she mouthed.
He said nothing in return. Did she have any idea what she was doing to him? 
No. of course not. She was just a girl flirting with him. She had no idea she was flirting with her own destruction.
What about this woman made him want to literally, devour her? Was it even her? Or something about the upcoming full moon? Was the wolf getting stronger? 
That thought terrified him. 
“You know, Michael,” said Eva, as she turned away from Charlie. “My dad and I are here for the duration of summer. If you’d like to meet him, he’d get quite the kick out of meeting a real witch.” 
“Actually, I’d love to meet him,” Michael replied. “I could spend hours talking about his book.” He made a face when he realized his geeky side was making an appearance again. 
“I guess I’ll be seeing you around then.” Eva laughed, waving. She walked back onto the beach and around the corner out of sight. Charlie noticed she didn’t seem to be limping. He hoped that meant her injury wasn’t as severe as he’d first thought.
Michael shot Charlie a knowing smile. 
“What?”
“She’s so into you, dude.” 
Charlie narrowed his eyes, annoyed. 
“Not lying, Bro. And even with this face around,” he twirled his hand around his own face. “Apparently she prefers the doggy paddle.” 
Charlie still said nothing. 
“Ah, C’mon. I saw that twinkle in your eye.” 
“No twinkle,” Charlie insisted solidly. “Believe me, there was a complete lack of twinkle. There is something about her…”  
“She’s attractive, only here for the summer, which is your kind of fling, and she knows about the seedy underbelly that is our everyday world. Even better than attractive if you ask me.”  
“That’s the thing though. Her knowing about magic… us finding her. Something about it just seems…” 
“Perfect!” Michael shot back. “Don’t be so paranoid all the time. Some people are just that. People.”
Charlie shook his head. “Maybe you’re right,” he conceded. “Still, she’s a human woman. You know that doesn’t work for me. Especially not this close to a full moon, and especially not this full moon,” he found himself admitting.
“What do you mean?” 
“Not sure exactly. Something is just different this time.”
“Perhaps William can…” 
“He’s already working on it,” interrupted Charlie. He opened his mouth to say more, but stopped when his cell phone buzzed from inside the jeep. He picked it up. There was a message. As he listened, his face turned grave. 
Michael didn’t even need to ask. He could feel the dread etching its way through every fiber of Charlie’s being. Michael jumped in and started up the jeep. Charlie hopped in and they sped back toward town as fast as possible. 

CHAPTER FOUR

William whisked into the bookstore to find it empty. 
“Emily,” he called out calmly. There was no reply. He listened intently. 
Screaming. In the basement. 
William dashed to the basement entrance where Emily crashed into him, in an attempt to escape.
“Oh, William! I don’t know what it is,” she cried out. “It’s been chasing me. I don’t know where to hide. It can go through walls!” 
“Go upstairs,” he ordered. “I’ll deal with this ghostly fiend.” 
Emily raced up the stairs shouting, “It was at the end of the hall.” 
William honed in on the length of the hallway until catching the shimmer of a floating shadow. His eyes narrowed in excitement as he readied to give chase. 
“I have always wondered if I could outrun a ghost.” 
If he’d still had a living heart, it would be thudding against his chest in anticipation. William took off at full speed, gracefully maneuvering around, below, up or over any obstacle in his path.
The spirit had the advantage, however, of being able to move through objects, as William needed to propel his body around them. The spirit was also faster than William. Nevertheless, he was able to keep up as they darted through hallway after hallway and book stack after book stack.
“Confound it all!” he bellowed, unable to get ahead of it. 
Determined to catch this malevolent spirit, he did something reserved for necessary moments only. Not missing a step, he reached into a pocket and took out a blood pack filled with human blood; the only thing that could potentially make him fast enough to catch this spirit. With a ferocious snarl, his fangs dropped, tore open the pack, and he sucked it dry.  
His breath drew deeper as the blood raged through his body, invigorating him with newfound stamina. Drinking the human blood was worth making sure Emily was safe, and Melinda’s dream did not come true. 
His speed increased just enough to stride alongside the spirit. At the least, William hoped to see a recognizable face in the ghost’s silhouette. 
The spirit had no intention of slowing down, however. Streams of white flew by William as the spirit sprinted past him. William swore he heard laughter emanating from the spirit, almost as if it were toying with him. 
He made a final attempt to catch up to the spirit, and when nearly upon it, thrust his body into the spirit’s essence, hoping to catch it off guard enough to give it pause. 
The vampire somersaulted through the streams of white, landing on his feet with a soft patter. He remained statuesque, his eyes and ears watching and listening for any clue as to who, or what, the spirit might be.  
His maneuver, however, did not faze the spirit even for a moment. 
It simply dissipated, vanishing, giving William no hint of its identity.
“Pity,” the vampire whispered, not even winded. 
Perhaps it wasn’t possible to discover the spirit’s purpose in this manner. Even if he could keep up with it, there was no way to catch it and force it to reveal what it wanted. It is why ghosts sought out spirit vessels after all; they needed a body to speak on their behalf. They could not speak to the living in spirit form. 
Regardless, he had not succeeded, and proceeded to the main lobby of the bookstore, where he found Emily cowering underneath her desk. 
“Did you find it?” 
“Find it, yes. Capture it, no,” he answered dryly, assisting her out of her hiding place. 
“Oh, um… you’ve got a little blood,” she pointed. 
William’s eyes opened wide. “Sorry,” he apologized earnestly, wiping it away. “I didn’t mean for you to see that.” 
“Oh, please. You’re a vampire.”
“Still, it is most unseemly.” 
Emily made a funny face and grabbed a tissue, dabbing at his chin as he had missed the blood completely. 
“Thank you,” he said. 
Emily sighed. “What was that thing, William? And what does it want with me?”
He wanted to soften the blow, but time wasn’t on their side. Honesty would be necessary. “I regret there is no easy way to break this sort of news, Emily. Melinda and I visited your father, and he explained everything. You are a spirit vessel as was your mother before you.” He paused for a moment, but seeing she wasn’t understanding yet explained, “That ring you wear keeps spirits from possessing your body.”
Emily leaned back onto her desk. “I’m a what? And spirits want to do what?” 
William continued patiently. “You have the ability to permit the dead to speak, through the use of your body. Normally, these spirits are friendly and simply want to pass on a message to a living relative so they can move on. However, on occasion, there are malevolent beings that wish not only to use your body to speak, but to possess and control. To use as they wish.”
“Use my body as they wish,” squeaked Emily. “Oh dear. That doesn’t sound fun at all.” She gazed at her ring, the only thing keeping the spirit from taking over her body. “Why didn’t my father ever tell me this?” 
“I imagine he hoped the spirits would not discover what you are, therefore allowing you to live your life as you see fit, Emily.” 
She nodded, obviously still in shock. 
Melinda bounded through the front door. “Emily, thank God! You’re okay.” She took a relieved breath. “Did William explain what’s happening?” She took a glance at him and knew before Emily answered that he had done so. 
“Yes, and I don’t really understand it all. But I’m quite sure I don’t want any dead thing controlling my body.”  
“Yeah, I don’t really blame you,” Melinda replied, agreeing with her. Although, her eyes slid to William… she could think of one dead thing she wouldn’t mind controlling her body. Ugh! Seriously! Enough already! I need to wipe the William dreams out of my memory... she tried to focus on his voice as he calmly explained what had occurred just moments before she’d arrived. 
He cast a fleeting glance in her direction, observing again, that same heart flutter he’d heard earlier that morning. Her skin flushed right after, blood pumping hard to keep up with the flutter. Damn that human blood he’d just drank! His fangs ached to drop. To taste her… an accusatory snarl hissed through his brain. It had nothing to do with the blood he’d just drank, and everything to do with that flutter. 
It enticed him. Invited him to take what he wanted. 
He needed to get to the bottom of that flutter and get her to stop doing it before he lost control.  
With no outward sign of the angst swirling in his mind, he continued seamlessly explaining the encounter with the spirit he’d chased and nearly caught. 
Melinda breathed out heavily as he finished. 
William had downed human blood to help Emily. It hadn’t done much good in the end, but he was willing to go any lengths to make sure the prophetic dream did not come true. Melinda sent him a compassionate shrug, understanding how this would affect him later, when the thirst for human blood would become overwhelming and he’d lock himself away until the craving subsided. 
His emerald green eyes darkened, just a little. He cast a fleeting glance at her neck. 
Without even realizing she’d done it, Melinda reached up and stroked her throat. 
Another flutter, William noted, watching her fingers glide over a pulsing vein. What is this response? It was driving him mad. He needed to understand it.
Melinda dropped her hand, swallowing a shallow exhale. William was high on human blood, but she trusted him completely. 
“William,” she let out in a huff. “I don’t know what to do. It’s time to call Charlie and Michael. I should at least let them know what’s going on at this point.” 
“There’s nothing wrong with admitting you need help, Melinda, and I agree. I think we’ll need both of your brothers before this ends.”
“I’ll make the call,” she told him. 
“There are some things I need to fetch from my study.” He abruptly whisked out of sight before she could ask more. 
Melinda blew out a breath, equally relieved and anxious that William was gone. She stepped over to Emily. “This is a lot to take in all at once, huh?” 
“You could say that,” Emily’s voice wavered slightly. “It’s all so very strange. And I don’t think there are any books about spirit vessels. If there are, I’ve never read them.”
“And you remember everything you read,” Melinda recalled. “We will figure it out, Emily. I’m sure your father can explain it better. He must have information to help you understand this power. But for today, no matter what, keep that ring on.” 
At that moment, a furious whirlwind of white ravaged its way through the bookstore, accelerating toward Melinda and Emily. It thrashed everything it came into contact with, leaving behind a cloud of books, papers and furniture.  
Melinda grabbed Emily, and they slid across the top of the checkout counter ducking down underneath it. Melinda dug into her pocket for her cell phone, dialing Charlie. 
Voicemail. Shoot! 
“Charlie! Michael! Bookstore!” she shouted urgently. Before she could hang up, she dropped the phone, she and Emily screaming as a light fixture came crashing down, smashing over them. Glass shattered and flew in all directions. 
The front door swung open and William flew in, screeching to a halt just inside. “I see I’m right on time.” 
Melinda, seeing William, jumped out from behind the counter. She accidentally stepped on and crushed her phone. She did not notice it though as William tossed a small velvet bag into her hands. 
She caught it, and glanced inside. 
Her face lit up. “You think?”
“It worked on a demon…” 
“What would I do without you, William?” Melinda stepped out from behind the counter, into the store that was now a fury of streaming papers and debris. She emptied the contents of the bag into her palm. Three smooth stones, each with a symbol carved into the top. 
Melinda threw the stones onto the floor. 
She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. 
The stones lifted into the air, rotating together, forming a circle of flying stone. 
“Carcer,” she spoke. 
The symbol on the first stone lit up, like the color of fire. 
“Vincula,” she said, and the second stone’s symbol burned as brightly as the first.
“Capere!” Melinda finished firmly. 
The third symbol lit up, and the stones fell back to the ground with a flat smack, forming a triangle. The light emanating from the stones shot into the air, like extended arms. These fiery arms reached out and ensnared the spirit, dragging it downward. Once inside the stone’s triangle, the arms became a wall of fire that held the spirit, prisoner. It struggled to break free but could not. 
Melinda sighed. “It won’t hold for long, William. It’s meant to hold and bind demons, not spirits.” 
“It will buy us time,” he reminded. “And we don’t yet know for sure if this spirit is friend or foe. It might well be a demon.” 
Emily joined Melinda and William, staring into the temporary cage. 
“That wants to take over my body,” she said, curiously. “Huh.” Emily eyed her normally tidy bookstore. “It’s going to take weeks to clean this up.” She started picking up papers and books, trying to organize the chaos. 
Melinda went to stop her but William nodded to let her continue. “She’s in shock.” 
“How do we fix this, William? It will escape, eventually, and it’s just going to keep trying to use Emily as a vessel.”  
“I believe our only option is to force the spirit to move on. Somehow, we need to make it believe that its unfinished business is finished.” 
“How do we do that? How do we make a ghost move on?” 
“I must return to my study.” 
Again, he left Melinda standing in the bookstore, this time alongside a very irritable and trapped spirit. 
“Great! What do I do in the meantime?”
“You could help me clean up,” Emily mumbled, while shrugging. 
“Why not? Nothing else I can do right now.” 
Melinda and Emily spent the next thirty minutes cleaning. Every minute or so the spirit would try to escape its cage and sparks would pop and startle them. 
Where is William? And for that matter, where are Charlie and Michael? Melinda found her thoughts growing more agitated as each minute passed. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, William reappeared. 
“Sorry,” he apologized, upon seeing Melinda’s face. “I had to read many books to locate the information I needed.” He held up a piece of paper. “An incantation, which if said properly, should force the spirit to move on.” 
As if it could understand William’s intentions, the spirit desperately searched for a way out, but all it could do was slam up against the fiery energy field. 
“I hope those stones hold,” muttered Melinda.  
“I think I’ll just go put these books away now,” said Emily, holding a hefty stack in her hand. She scurried up the stairs, stopping at a nearby shelf on the second floor.
“She’s in complete denial,” Melinda worried. She turned her attention to the incantation. “So what do I need to make this work, William?” 
“Your brothers, I’m afraid. Your power is not enough. This spell requires a lot of magic.” 
“I’ll call them again.” She darted across the room to locate her cell phone, which she had dropped behind Emily’s desk earlier. “Darn. I broke it. Stepped on it and it’s crushed.” 
Electric pulses struck the walls inside the spirit’s prison. The thwacks of energy getting louder and faster. Melinda slowly turned around. The spirit was crashing up against the sides with increasing speed. The three stones began to shake, causing its fiery walls to vibrate. 
“They’re not going to hold,” Melinda determined, stepping closer.  
Sparks flew into the air. 
The energy field imprisoning the spirit radiated brightly, expanding like a balloon. 
William flung his body in front of Melinda, shielding her. It was not necessary though as the only remnant from the burst was a curtain of light that melted like falling snow. 
Melinda gasped. 
In the next instant, her dream unraveled before her eyes. She looked upstairs and saw Emily standing in front of a bookshelf, holding a book. The spirit flew full speed toward her. 
The ring worked, repelling the spirit from taking over Emily’s body.  
The spirit attempted to find a way in but could not. A white film surrounded Emily’s hand, the ring on her finger vibrating. Emily batted at the spirit with a book, which did nothing but wisp through its body. She dropped the book, at the same time, screaming in pain.  
“Don’t take off the ring!” William shouted. 
Emily started screaming louder. “It’s burning me!” 
William flew up the stairs.  
The ring smoldered, burning Emily’s finger, threatening to burn her entire hand. 
William, realizing the risk, slipped the ring off her finger with ease, leaving behind a perfectly burned mark where the ring had been. 
Melinda started up the stairs when the front door flew open and her brothers came running in. 
“Melinda!” shouted Charlie, relieved to see her. 
“Emily!” Michael called out, panic-stricken.  
“I’m up here, Michael,” Emily responded despondently. 
They were too late. 
In that moment, the spirit surged straight through William and engulfed Emily’s body, draping it in streams of white. William had no choice but to let go of Emily as the spirit took control of her body. 
“The spell, Melinda!” William commanded, returning to her side in a flash.  
Melinda raced to her brothers. 
“What’s going on?” Charlie and Michael asked at once. 
“Just say this spell with me! It’s the only way to save Emily.” 
“Wait!” a voice boomed from upstairs. “Please, let me speak!” 
It was Emily’s mouth that moved, but not her voice that spoke. It was a familiar voice though. One none of the Howard siblings dare believe they had heard.  
“I am sorry for frightening you, and hurting Emily, but this is the only way in which I can speak with you. I would never intentionally hurt the woman my son loves.” 
“Mom?” Michael uttered, barely audibly. 
Melinda covered her mouth, gasping. 
Charlie stepped forward; he still did not believe it. 
William’s head tilted to one side, and he stared into Emily’s eyes, looking as equally perplexed as the siblings.  
Emily’s possessed body climbed down the stairs.  
“I am sorry,” their mother said again. “I realize this is a shock. I have spent years trying to contact you and only recently did I learn that Emily was a vessel. I knew it might be my only chance.” She now stood in front of them. 
“Catherine,” William confirmed. “If I had tears…” he held his hand up to his lifeless heart. 
Charlie, Michael and Melinda rushed forward, wrapping themselves around each other, and Emily’s body. 
“I’m so sorry, Mom,” Melinda cried. “I thought you were evil.” 
“It’s okay My Sweet Girl. You could not have known. Although, I was getting a bit desperate there at the end.” 
Melinda had not been called ‘My Sweet Girl’ in so long she had nearly forgotten what it sounded like.
“Why are you here?” Charlie asked astonished by what he was seeing. “That came out wrong. I mean, it’s just…” 
“Is Dad here too?” Michael interrupted. 
Their mother, Catherine Howard, backed away. 
“No. Your father is not here. But your father is why I am here. I could not move on until I had told you.”
“Told us what?” Charlie asked. 
She closed her eyes and spoke the words she had longed to say since her death. 
“I waited for your father’s spirit, believing that we had died together, but his spirit never joined me. I believe that your father is still alive.”  
No one spoke. Each completely stunned by this revelation. 
William was first to break the silence. It was the first time they had ever heard him speak with such awe. “Catherine, you are telling us that Jack Howard still lives?” For a normally controlled vampire, heavy emotion leaked into his words. 
“Where is he?” Charlie needed to know. “Why hasn’t he contacted us?”
“I don’t think he can, Charlie. He needs your help.” 
“Tell us what to do!” Michael begged. 
Catherine lowered her head. “I fear I have so little to help you find him.”
“Tell us everything you know,” William urged. 
“At the moment I died, I believed your father had died alongside me. But after, I waited. I didn’t move on. I was expecting him, but he did not join me. It took months to learn how to maneuver my new spirit body. By the time I did, there was no trace of what had happened to your father. And unfortunately, the longer I was in spirit form the memories of how I died grew hazier. Now, no matter how hard I try, I just cannot remember what happened. Only that he never joined me. And he would have. Of that I’m certain.” 
“Where exactly did you die, Mom?” asked Melinda, her voice unsteady. “Your bodies were never found. Or your body, I guess,” she clarified.  
“As I said, that moment is rather hard to remember,” her mother replied apologetically. “I can recall every detail from my life, but not the moment of my death. However, I have a pretty good guess.”  
Melinda started shaking, trying to hold back tears. “I dreamed about it,” she choked out, her voice breaking as she spoke.  
“I know, My Sweet Girl,” her mother’s compassionate voice whispered. 
“First prophetic dream I ever had, I just didn’t know it at the time. I could never remember any of the details other than you both died because I had the dream weeks before it happened.” 
Her mother stepped closer and cupped Melinda’s face in her hands. “You must let go of this guilt you carry. There is no way you could have known your gift was presenting itself. My death was unavoidable, and it was not your fault, Melinda.”  
“But I should have known. Even after you died, I should have been able to remember something… anything that would have at least let us know what happened.” She paused, wiping her eyes. “I could see it in everyone’s eyes when they looked at me. If only she had known. If only she could remember something… if only…” Melinda could no longer speak.  
Charlie and Michael sighed, feeling guilty. They had both thought it, numerous times. If only... But they had tried very hard to hide those feelings around their sister, knowing how guilty she already felt. 
Catherine stepped forward, addressing each of them. “You must all move on from this. I couldn’t be prouder of each of you,” she told them. “But I want you to live your lives in the present, never in the past. What’s done, is done.”
Charlie couldn’t help but smile. He would have given anything to hear his mother say those words to him, just one last time.
“The pull to move on gets stronger every minute. I must tell you everything I know while I can.”
They listened intently, hanging onto every word Catherine Howard spoke.  
“Your father and I were exploring a cave, one accessed only at the foot of a very old tree, at the base of White Pines Mountain.”
  “Old tree?” questioned William. “You don’t mean the one we used to picnic underneath when the children were but toddlers.” 
  “The very same, William. We never knew back then that this cave existed since it is hidden by ancient magic...” her words seemed to have more meaning to William than it did her children. 
“You mean, The Magic… The Demon Isle’s power source?”  
“Yes, William. We believed we had at last discovered its location. Unfortunately, we were not alone in the discovery.”
“If that power source fell into the wrong hands…” Charlie puffed air into his cheeks, letting it out in a huff. 
“The man that made the discovery is dead. And seeing as the Isle is not in any more chaos than normal, I am guessing the power source’s location still remains a secret, or that we were incorrect about the location.” 
“Hold up a second, Mom. This man that found out about the source, is that the man you shot?” 
Catherine sighed in a deeply regretful manner. 
“I’m afraid so Michael. We were tracking the man and followed him into an underwater cave. The one you boys were in today. The man had made some arrangement with a Sea Hag that frequents that cave. We were caught off guard though. The Sea Hag gave the man something, something that changed him, turned him into an enraged mad man. We presented ourselves, thinking we could kill the Sea Hag and question this man, but whatever the Hag had given him made him crazed. The Hag escaped, and the man attacked your father, knocking him unconscious. Your father is the Howard. Not me. But I did have potions, as always, all of which I used, trying to stop this crazed man’s attacks. Nothing worked. I tried to wake your father but to no avail. The man lunged at me and pinned me to the ground. Somehow, I wrestled him off me and grabbed my backup weapon… the gun. I do not regret my actions, seeing as the man tried to kill me. I deeply regret, however, not being able to question him about who he was, or what he knew about the power source.” 
“We killed that Sea Hag today,” Charlie informed his mother with finality in his voice. She already knew this, but understood why Charlie needed to say it. He left out the rest of the story, deciding to fill everyone in later. “And the man in the cave, I think it’s safe to say the secrets he discovered died with him. I’m sure attempts would have been made against the power source had he shared his information.” 
It didn’t offer much solace, but it would have to do. Drybones was in the sheriff’s morgue and other than reading the man’s death, whatever secrets he might have discovered, would never be found out now. 
“So what do you remember about your death, dear Catherine?” William asked. Somehow, the question sounded more graceful coming out of the vampire’s mouth. 
“Sadly, I have only been able to put together little bits and pieces… I know that after I shot and killed that man, we set out that very night for the old tree in White Pines, determined to find out if we had at last found the Isle’s power source. I’m afraid my last memory is entering that cave.”
“Michael,” Melinda started without thinking. “You could…” she did not finish, instantly revolted by what she was asking of him.  
“No. You’re right,” Michael swallowed his reply. “As frightening as the thought is to me, I think I’d rather know how it happened. These last four years of not knowing…” 
Charlie put his hand on Michael’s shoulder. “Are you really sure?” 
Michael nodded yes and stepped toward his mother, bravely. “I don’t even know if this will work. I normally touch bones, or dead bodies,” he explained, pursing his lips. 
“Just take hold of Emily’s hand. For all purposes right now, Emily is me. She’s perfectly fine, by the way,” she let him know. “Her body is built for this, and I must say, I could not have wished a more perfect woman to come into your life, Michael.”
Michael nearly crumpled hearing his mother speak so kindly of the woman he really did love with all his heart whether he had admitted it openly or not. 
“I know how you struggle. This life isn’t one I’d wish on anyone. I can only plead with you to find your father before you make the choice to leave the Isle. And just know that I love you, no matter which path you choose.” 
He nodded, unable to speak his answer. It was like having her back again if even for just a moment. 
“Are you ready?” she asked him. 
He replied by grasping his mother’s (Emily’s) hand. 
The death reading came instantly. 
He saw Jack and Catherine Howard entering a tunnel under the old tree. Once inside they lit torches to see the way. They took each step cautiously. Michael heard his father say something about ‘traps to look out for’ and no more than a few seconds later, they were accosted by ghostly bodies, flying at them from all directions. The ghostly frames dissipated into darkness moments later.  
He saw his parents laughing. 
“I guess that might scare away some people,” his mother said. 
“Still, let’s be careful. I would bet my life there are very dangerous things protecting this power source.” 
“It’s probably not the power source anyway. How many times have we thought we’d found it?”  
“You’re probably right, but maybe this time we’ll get lucky.” 
Catherine rolled her eyes and they continued forward. Soon the tunnels split into two directions. 
“Do we split up or stick together?” Catherine asked. 
“I don’t like the idea of splitting up, especially since we don’t know what obstacles we might come up against.” 
“So which way then?” 
Jack pointed right, and continued onward. Not ten steps in they sprung another trap. This one, much more dangerous. A pit was opening underneath their feet, Catherine slipped in, losing her footing. 
Michael could not see into the dark chasm. But he watched as his father grabbed onto his mother and pulled her out. As her body got free, a torrent of sheeted blackness shot out from the hole. 
“Son of a bitch!” shouted Jack, covering his wife’s body with his own. Once gone, he jumped up. “It’s a malevolent force, no doubt. I’m guessing it’s been imprisoned for a long time.” 
“How do we fight it?” Catherine shouted over the whirling blackness that now raced for the cave’s entrance and its freedom. 
“I don’t know but we cannot let it escape. Who knows what kind of evil this thing is.” Jack proceeded to chase after the unknown evil. Catherine dragged behind him a few steps, trying to keep up, as she searched her pockets, taking out a few potion vials. 
Michael watched his mother’s death unfold before his eyes. 
The whirling blackness twisted in circles like a tornado, blowing out his mother’s torch. She screamed, tripping over a jutting branch. The potions flew out of her hands, smashing against the hard cave wall. One of the bottles broke, splashing the contents onto Catherine’s face, leaking into her mouth. 
She knew instantly she would die. The potion she’d swallowed included substances no human could ingest and survive. She had no protective witch’s blood coursing through her veins. It took only seconds for her body to weaken. She used all her strength to pick up her head and call out to her husband. 
He hadn’t seen what had happened, and even if he had, there was nothing he could have done. He was fighting this streaming blackness with every ounce of strength he could muster. Sending spell after spell at the thing, and watching, horrified as each one simply passed through it like it was made of air. 
Jack shouted for Catherine. When she did not return his call, he looked back into the cave and saw her lying on the ground. He raced to her, no longer caring about the evil he could not stop from escaping. 
Catherine opened her eyes just in time to see him lean down in front of her. 
She, in turn, watched in wide-eyed fear as the blackness followed, surging over him and engulfing her husband’s body. It gyrated its way out of the cave, taking Jack Howard with it. 
“Jack…” Catherine whispered with her last breath. 
Her head fell to the ground and the death reading ended. 
Michael gasped loudly and let go of his mother’s hand. 
It took him a moment to remember he was in the bookstore. 
Catherine had seen everything along with Michael, and a great sadness spread across her face. 
Michael could not speak. His mind blank other than the images he’d just seen rolling through, like a movie projector replaying the scene of her death over and over. 
“Now that I have seen it, it is a wonder that I could have forgotten,” Catherine spoke thoughtfully. “Perhaps I just didn’t want to relive the moment.” 
The others, of course, wanted desperately to know what Michael had seen, but dared not ask upon seeing his distraught face.
Michael was in disbelief that a potion had taken the life of his mother. Such a stupid thing it seemed. A potion… A simple thing like tripping and smashing open a vial. They used potions all the time. Never once had it occurred to him they could potentially be harmful. Of course they had witch blood, his mother had not. Like Emily, he couldn’t help but think. Or even Eva Jordan... they had handed her a few vials while in the cave, not even thinking about the consequences. They would need to be much more careful in the future.
And just what exactly was the streaming blackness that had taken his father? He had never seen such a thing before. Was his father still alive? A prisoner somewhere perhaps. He could only speculate and already dreaded the moment that would soon come when he would need to explain what he had seen to his family. 
Catherine Howard looked upon her children and William, with great love and sadness. “My business here is finished and I’m afraid the pull to move on is stronger than I can fight.” 
William stepped forward and took hold of Catherine’s hand, kissing it gently in farewell. 
“Thank you for watching over my children.” 
“Until I am no more, I will protect this family.” 
“You’re a good man, William.”
“And you are always too kind,” he replied, at her use of the word, man. 
“I don’t know what this family ever did to deserve you, but I am forever grateful.”
Her voice lowered suddenly, so only William could hear her speak. 
The siblings had no idea what she told him, but he let out a shocked exhale, a horrified look flitting across his face. He tore away from her abruptly, as if her words had cut him open. He turned away from them, hiding his face. 
What could their mother have said that upset him so badly? 
Something she wanted to keep from them, perhaps? Some piece of terrible news she could not handle telling them in person? Or was it something more personal. Either way, they’d never seen William react in such a fashion. 
Catherine turned to her children.
Charlie stepped forward and embraced her before she could disappear. “I won’t stop looking for Dad, however long it takes,” he promised her. 
She cupped his face. “I know. And I don’t want you to. But Charlie, don’t forget to live a little in between your duties. I know us leaving you so suddenly put a lot of responsibility on your shoulders and for that, I’m sorry.” 
“I’d always rather have you here, Mom. But I don’t mind the job. I like what I’m doing, it feels right for me.”
“You are so much like your father,” she chuckled. “Just promise me you’ll try to have a normal life, too. I may not be here with you, but I’d like to have grandchildren to watch over.” 
He lowered his eyes, cheeks set aflame.  “I’ll do my best,” he promised, stepping back. “After I find Dad,” he clarified with a stubborn smile. 
She sent him a stern, but proud motherly look. 
“That sentiment goes for you all,” she told her children. “You are the future of the Howard line. But you must live. It cannot always be the job. If I learned anything during my life, it was to take the time to live.” At that moment, Catherine’s voice flickered, Emily’s surfacing. Their mother’s voice returned as the Howard siblings looked on, frozen and helpless. They could not stop the inevitable. 
“Melinda,” called out their mother. She joined her. “I always thought I’d be here to help you through these years. But since time is short I’ll give you this advice. Young hearts are fickle. They don’t always know what they want.”
“You can say that again. Minute to minute, I don’t even know.”
Her mother smiled, understanding. “Just know that one day, Melinda, it could be next month, it might not for years, but one day you’ll just know. With such absolute certainty you’ll be willing to bet your life on it. And when that happens, don’t let anything stop you from taking what makes you happy.” Her eyes grazed over to William, who could not look Catherine in the face. “It doesn’t matter what anyone else thinks. Your brothers. Your friends. Even what you believe me, or your father, would think. If it makes you happy. Do it.” 
“Okay,” Melinda squeaked out. Tears flowed freely. 
Why couldn’t that moment of clarity happen now? She wasn’t sure she could survive through months, or potentially years, waiting for her heart to make up its mind. 
How was it, even dead, her mother knew exactly what she needed to hear? She hugged her a final time. “I love you so much, Mom. I miss you every minute.” 
“I’ll always be looking in on you.” Catherine’s spirit body pulsed inside of Emily’s human body. Her time was running out and she could not keep possession of Emily’s body any longer. She faced everyone, her voice now a distant echo. 
“Michael, Emily’s coming back to you now. Take care of her. She is very special.”
He wrapped his arms around his mother, saying a silent goodbye. 
The siblings joined each other, William turned to cast a final farewell, his face hardened stone. They wondered if he’d ever share what their mother had told him. 
“Be good to each other,” Catherine called out, her voice an echo. “I love you all so very much.”
Her spirit pulsated and left Emily’s body, dissolving into nothing. 
Then, the final part of Melinda’s prophetic dream came true.
Emily’s body slumped to the ground; her eyes open wide, unblinking, as if frozen in complete terror. 
Michael rushed to her side. “Emily. Emily.” 
Slowly, her eyes began to flutter and blink. “Michael,” Emily whispered, grabbing him. 
William reached down and slipped the ring back onto Emily’s finger. The scorch mark instantly disappeared, healing itself. There was much he did not know about spirit vessels. A topic he would now research in great depth. 
He pulled back, allowing Michael to help her off the ground. 
The request Catherine had whispered to him… it tore at his insides. He suppressed it, burying it deep down until he had the time to process it appropriately.
Melinda was grateful that Emily had not died, alone and in terror. She wondered if her dreams were changing, growing more powerful, perhaps not just dreaming about death, or if they had changed Emily’s outcome by helping her find out what she was. There was no way to be certain. However, Melinda knew her mother would never have caused permanent harm to someone, even to share such important news about their father. 
Michael pulled Emily’s body into his chest, wrapping his arms around her tightly. “You’re okay, Emily. You’re okay.”  
“What happened?” She sounded dazed.  
“Do you not remember?” William asked her, curiously.  
“No. But… I have this odd feeling. A good feeling. Whatever happened, it wasn’t actually bad, was it?”
“No, Emily. It wasn’t a bad thing after all,” William told her.
“I should call my dad!” she cried out. “He’s probably worried sick!” 
“I’ll call him,” Melinda offered shakily. “You just take it easy.” 
While Melinda borrowed Charlie’s phone to call Mr. Morgan, William explained to Charlie and Michael what had occurred and what they had discovered about Emily. Michael looked as though he had a few choice words about being left out of the loop regarding Melinda’s dream, but held his tongue. 
When Melinda returned, it was Charlie and Michael’s turn to explain their journey into the cave. After finishing, Michael took out the bag in his pocket, which held the flecks of rust colored substance he had scraped off the cave wall. 
William took hold of it, opening the bag. “No research required. This is blood.” 
“Really?” Melinda said incredulously. “I guess you’d know better than anyone.” 
“Why would there be specks of blood in the walls of the cave?” Charlie asked. 
“Don’t know, but I’m guessing the blood is what attracts the leeches,” said Michael. “I’d also wager that this is the substance that made that man in the cave go crazy on Mom.” 
At mention of Mom, everyone went silent and stared at Michael. Emily, still confused just followed everyone’s gaze. After a minute, when he did not respond, she wrinkled her nose and spoke in her quietest voice. “So why are we all staring at Michael? Not that I mind,” she added still sounding dazed.  
Michael looked as though he had no idea what to say. 
“For something he’s not ready to share yet,” Charlie answered on his brother’s behalf.  
“Oh, okay,” Emily replied, still confused. 
“Emily, why don’t you let me fill you in,” Melinda suddenly spoke with a bit of vigor. “I’ll walk you home, and we can have a chat with your dad. I’m sure there’s lots he wants to tell you now that you know what you are.”  
Emily smiled and gladly accepted Melinda’s offer, but before she could get out of the store, Michael grabbed Emily and hugged her fiercely, gently kissing her forehead. “I’m glad you’re all right,” he told her. “We’ll get the bookstore cleaned up and closed up for the night, and I’ll come by your place and check on you later tonight, okay?” 
“Okay,” she nodded, backing away, a happy grin spreading across her face. 
She rejoined Melinda, and they stepped outside. As they walked, Melinda animatedly explained everything that had happened. She was so focused that she didn’t even notice the busy streets lined with evening tourists bustling from place to place. 
Emily noticed though, and said nothing, but was unable to hold back a happy grin. She had spent a lot of time with Melinda, but had never seen her like this. Clearly, something had changed. 
She listened intently to all Melinda was telling her, still finding it hard to believe that the Howard’s own mother had possessed her body. She wondered how often spirits would try to reach out to her and want to use her in this manner. How would she know if they were good spirits or malevolent spirits? There was definitely a long talk with her father coming. 
Melinda decided once she’d gotten Emily home, not to stick around. It looked like her father had a lot he wanted to discuss, and it felt like it should be a private conversation between Emily and her father. 
The walk home was not nearly as easy going as the walk to Emily’s. Mostly because she didn’t have anything to keep her mind off the fact that she was walking down a congested street, alone. Too many people. All bumping into her, rushing here and there and crowding her... she inhaled deeply, hoping to stave off an oncoming panic attack. 
“They are just people,” she mumbled under her breath. “And just because you’re around them doesn’t mean you’re going to start having prophetic dreams about them all!” Somehow, saying it aloud made it better. 
She tried to focus her attention on something besides the people. Like the street lanterns flickering to life as the sky darkened overhead. They cast hazy beams of orange and yellow down on the cobblestone walkways below. It was pretty. Haunting in a way. A nice thing about living on The Demon Isle. The same lanterns had been used to light up the town streets for over a hundred years. They cast a haunting glow on passersby. 
Her panic was subsiding. She stopped for a minute before taking a corner and watched the tourists oohing and aahing over the lanterns. Taking out their cameras and clicking pictures. 
To anyone that didn’t know better, they’d look at these streets and think they had traveled back in time. This is part of what gave The Demon Isle its charm. People came here to have an old fashioned, nostalgic sort of experience, sided with the hope of seeing a real ghost along the way. 
“Just people having fun,” Melinda told herself. “Something I need to do more often, too,” she decided. She took the corner towards the Howard Mansion only to crash head on into a body topped with disheveled dark hair.
Instinctive arms reached out, and hands wrapped around her shoulders to keep her from falling backwards.
“Oh,” she released in a quick exhale, as she found herself face to face with someone familiar. It was motorcycle man from earlier that morning, minus his helmet. 
He was taller than she’d thought. Not as tall as William, but she had to lift her chin to see into his eyes. Which were dark. Molasses dark. Just like his eyelashes and thick head of hair. 
“Sorry,” Melinda said absentmindedly. “Wasn’t watching where I was going.” She wished suddenly that she had put on makeup that morning and worried she had noticeable blemishes. She was thankful it was getting dark, perhaps they wouldn’t show. 
The young man didn’t reply right away, his arms still securely around her shoulders. The corner of his mouth turned up in a playful smile. A dazzling smile that was easy on the eyes but hard on her breath; she suddenly felt very aware of her throat having a hard time swallowing or moving the right amount of air into her lungs.  
“No worries, it’s nothing,” motorcycle man finally spoke to her. “Personally, I didn’t mind it.” His voice was as welcoming as his smile. 
Motorcycle man could not believe his luck. He’d had a strong feeling about this street, so strong he had to walk down it. Now he knew why. Although, the feelings he got normally brought him to someone that needed help. Not to beautiful women. Or maybe this beautiful gal did need his help. 
He hoped it was the kind of help that required him to kiss those delicious looking lips; his heart strummed. He’d never felt anything like it. It set his entire body abuzz. 
“Are you okay?” he asked her. 
Melinda nodded, unable to peel her eyes away from his. She hoped he didn’t pull her in any closer; he’d feel the panic attack thumping hard against her chest. This one, however, was not due to being away from home, but rather at how awestruck she was by this total stranger. 
His arms felt perfectly natural as if made to fit around her. She got a strange sense that she had known him for much longer than a minute, and that somehow, they were destined to bump into each other. Her magical gift didn’t work like that though. 
So what was this? 
And could her mother have been any more right? Her heart scrambled to keep up.
William. 
Molasses-eyed motorcycle man. 
William, her vampire. Who couldn’t actually be hers. 
The dark haired stranger, who she was clinging to, tightly! 
Her eyes widened and she dropped her arms. Her teeth tugged at her bottom lip, watching fingernail indents fading in the thick muscles just below his black tee shirt sleeve. 
He didn’t notice. Or he didn’t care. 
His hands slid down her spine, splaying low across her waist before freeing her. His eyes watched her every reaction to his movements. His hands searching for a sign that she enjoyed his touch. 
She didn’t notice her responses, other than to suddenly lose her ability to swallow, but she must have pleased him, as his smile, if possible, turned even more dazzling. His molasses globes beamed as if he’d made some secret discovery meant only for him. 
Damn… my feeling is telling me I got to be somewhere else now. Motorcycle man released Melinda, winked and stepped by her, disappearing around the corner without another word. He sure hoped that would not be their last encounter. 
“Wow,” she breathed out, her legs jelly. “If I’d known guys like that were walking around, I might have made attempts to get out more often, a lot sooner...” 
He certainly took Melinda’s mind off William, the vampire she could only have in her dreams. And she guessed motorcycle man to be close to her age; her brothers would be happy about that. Although they’d definitely have a problem with the motorcycle. Still, even with this second, chance run in, she might never see him again. Tourists came and went from the Isle as often as the tides. 
The same doubts she’d felt earlier returned. Guys like that didn’t go out with girls like her. Guys like motorcycle man went out with stylish girls who wore high heels and skinny jeans. Frumpy much? she thought, staring down at her aged, ankle length dress and flat slip-ons. 
She’d barely brushed her hair before leaving the house today and was sure it was a tangled mess. She hadn’t even tried to suck in her stomach to make it seem smaller. Surely he’d felt her little pooch sticking out. Too many curves in all the wrong places…
A breathy groan slipped through her lips. Melinda shook her head, wrung out her hands and headed home. Worked-up level on high alert, screaming towards Oh my God I’m about to lose my mind, level.  
Having a nervous breakdown that had kept her mostly indoors for four years, had not only cost her the loss of friends or any social life, and pinned her as the local freak, but left her with an outdated wardrobe, and kept her carrying around a few extra pounds she always wanted to lose, but was like, why bother? 
She suddenly didn’t want to go home. The idea of being there felt suffocating. She needed to fix her life. To get a life. 
Starting with some skinny jeans. She could maybe pull them off. 
Although perhaps she should just start with something less bag-like… 
And heels, no way that was happening! They didn’t exactly go with her line of work. Quick getaways, high heels and Melinda Howard, simply did not mix! 

CHAPTER FIVE

Charlie, Michael and William looked around the bookstore at the mess the spirit, their mother, Catherine, had left behind. 
“How is it we are always the one’s left cleaning up the messes, anyway?” Charlie asked. He responded to his own question by shrugging and puffing his cheeks, letting the air out slowly. 
“I think,” advised William, “that this particular mess is better left to me. I can have everything back in its place in minutes. Why don’t you two head home. It’s been a very long day.” 
They could not argue with William, and the truth was, he could have the place cleaned up much faster without their help. Therefore, they headed out to the jeep and drove home.
An hour later, Melinda walked into the house relieved to be home again. Not too long before, the thought had been suffocating, but now that she was here, it felt just right. She didn’t feel so nervous about leaving the house, but it had been a long day and she wanted nothing more than a glass of merlot, a box of chocolates and a few hours sinking into a hot bubble bath. And then sleep. Lost of sleep. 
And just who would show up in her dreams tonight? Motorcycle man, or William? Or would she witness yet another death? 
Ugh… where is the wine? It might be a two-glass night… 
Her frustration mounted as she met Charlie and Michael ignoring each other in the kitchen. She had hoped the day’s events had gotten them past their disagreements. “Did either of you fill in Mack about what you found out at the cave?”  
“Already took care of it,” Michael replied. “Had to tell her to stop looking for the drybone’s killer.”
“You told her it was Mom?” Melinda confirmed. 
“Yup. Mack was a little miffed I didn’t tell her before. But she understood.”
“She is cool that way.”
“I also told her about Dad. She is of course, willing to do just about anything to help us find him.”
Melinda nodded, just as a blur dashed into the room. 
“Bookstore should be back to Emily’s satisfaction if not better.”
“Knowing you, My William, everything is absolutely perfect.” 
William shot Melinda a severe stare, but their banter had at least lessened the tension between Charlie and Michael. It also set off her heart flutter again… William proceeded to move to the opposite side of the room. 
“So Charlie, tell me about Eva Jordan,” Melinda teased, getting her mind off William. “Sounds like you saved a totally hot damsel in distress.” 
“Ha. Ha. Very funny,” Charlie retorted. “Michael helped, too.” 
“I may have been there, but she had eyes for you, Bro. Very beautiful eyes I might add.” 
“Eva Jordan is attractive. I won’t disagree with that…”
“But…” Melinda said, waiting for the inevitable. 
“We just found out our father is still alive, and where our mother’s body should be. It sort of takes priority over dating.” 
“Oh, Charlie. For you, everything is a priority over dating,” Melinda chided. 
“Look who’s talking,” Charlie good-naturedly mumbled.
She made a funny face, refusing to get into the discussion about her social life again. 
“You might be right this time though,” she accepted begrudgingly. Goodbye dear molasses eyed stranger… no time for boys… her thoughts strayed. There would be only fantasizing and possibly more dreams… but no real life touching. 
“Look, Melinda,” Charlie spoke, his tone sincere. “I need you to know that I… that we…” he looked at Michael, who nodded his agreement, “we may have had those thoughts of what if, and if only… but we never blamed you. Not once. Like Mom always said, what’s done, is done.” 
“Don’t worry. I know that. I really do this time. And I’m done beating myself up about it,” she promised.  “To be honest, after watching what Emily went through tonight, and how she helped us talk to Mom... and seeing the sacrifices you all make regularly, I realized that even though it might sometimes be a little scary, I help people, and I know that’s what Mom and Dad would want me to do.” 
Charlie stepped forward and hugged her tightly, relieved. For the first time in four years he felt certain his sister had finally forgiven herself. Charlie caught William’s eye. He tossed him a tight smile, understanding his relief. There was a strained look in the vampire’s gaze. He wondered if it had anything to do with what their mother had told him. 
 Michael plunked down on a stool, deep in his own struggle. He closed his eyes, shaking his head as if not believing what he was about to say. 
“I guess none of us can hold off the inevitable.”  
Melinda gasped, letting go of Charlie. “You’re not going to leave?” she could not help but squeal.  
 “I can’t. Not now. Not with Dad out there, alive somewhere.” 
Michael smirked at Charlie as if to say, you got your wish… 
“One day, Michael,” Charlie told him. “I won’t let you be stuck here forever.” Charlie resigned to somehow making Michael’s wish come true. 
Michael took a deep, even breath and turned to his next heavy task. He asked everyone to join him in William’s study. 
“I’m going to need tissues,” Melinda sniffled tears already welling up in her eyes. 
Charlie grabbed a box, but took out a few before handing it to her. “Figure I might need a few, too.” 
“Might as well pass that box along,” Michael spoke, his voice wavering as he did. “I’m not sure I can get through it…”
“Just take your time, Michael,” William spoke tenderly. “We know how difficult this is for you.” 
Michael then explained what he had seen when he had read Catherine Howard’s death and their father’s disappearance. 
  
##

Eva Jordan walked into her summer home. “Dad,” she called out. 
“In here,” he replied. 
She followed his voice into the atrium at the back of their summer rental. 
Anthony Jordan swiveled in his chair, turning away from a desk strewn with papers and books. He shared his daughter’s stark white hair, except for a few silver whiskers scattered across his chin, which only further accentuated the three-piece white suit he donned. 
“I have excellent news,” Eva said, smugly. “I made contact.” 
Her father slid off his glasses, smiling faintly in approval. “Faster than I expected,” his tone praised.  
“Nothing like saving a damsel in distress to move things along.” 
“Did they suspect anything?”
“No. Not a thing. In fact, the middle one, Michael, has an interest in meeting you. He likes your book.” 
“Fascinating!” her father said, noticing the bandage on her leg. “What happened?” 
“Part of the whole damsel in distress thing, nothing to worry about. I’m sure it’s already healed anyway.” 
Her father looked at his daughter suspiciously. 
“I said don’t worry didn’t I? I covered my bases. I told them you work miracles with healing creams and you’d have my leg healed up in no time.”
“Well it’s a good thing that’s actually true, in case they ever call me on it,” he spoke dryly. 
“Believe me, we’re fine,” Eva insisted confidently. 
“And the results of the smell test?”
“Charlie’s reaction was… well, let’s just say I could have wrapped him around my little finger. But it wasn’t nearly enough to send him over the edge and make him turn. You’ll have to inject me with a much higher dose if I’m going to get Charlie Howard to transform into a werewolf tomorrow night.” 
“And here I thought we’d spend months on trial and error,” her father exclaimed ecstatically. He poured two glasses of whiskey and handed one to his daughter. He raised his glass, tipping it toward her. 
Eva tipped her glass back toward him and took her shot in one swallow, whereas her father just took a sip. She shuddered as the whiskey slipped down her throat, stinging at her insides. She licked her lips greedily, and poured another shot.
She left out the part where Charlie’s wolf had surfaced, and how she’d struggled to keep her own wolf under control. If Charlie’s brother hadn’t been there, she might have just let go. Had a little fun. But then Charlie would have found out who she was and her plans would be ruined. 
She decided her father did not need to know this part. 
And so what? It didn’t matter really. 
Soon, Charlie Howard would belong to her anyway. It was just an added benefit that her wolf found him appetizing. So why not have a little fun on the side… Eva didn’t realize that as she spoke, her eyes had shifted from hazel to yellow. The color of her wolf.  
“Make no mistake,” she uttered wickedly to her father. “Tomorrow night, that stray pooch is all mine.” 
 
##

Retelling the death reading of his mother had exhausted Michael Howard. It left him feeling empty, and yet overwhelmed. He pulled his jeep into Emily Morgan’s driveway. He’d done this a thousand times before, but tonight as he turned off the engine, his heart fluttered up to this throat, his nerves in overdrive. 
It was getting late, but Emily sat on a bench on her front porch, a light hanging overhead, an open book in hand. She looked up, hearing his jeep pull in. The book plopped onto the bench and she skipped down to meet him. 
“Hi, Michael. Dad just went to bed. You want to walk on the beach a bit?” 
He didn’t speak his response. Instead, he grabbed her hand, pulled her in, and claimed her lips. For the first time. 
Shock washed through her body and she tensed, but with every press of his lips, she relaxed, responding to his declaration. Her arms wrapped around his neck. His enclosed around her hips, nudging her closer.
When he released her a minute later, shock and disbelief swam in her eyes. 
He had to catch his breath.  
“I should have done that years ago, Emily.” 
She only nodded slightly in bewildered agreement. 
She’d hoped. Always hoped he’d come around. She’d never been in love with any other man. 
“Emily, can you ever forgive me for being such an idiot?” He tugged at her lips again, not quite so gently. “When I thought something happened to you…” he didn’t finish, lost in the sweetness of her lips.  
Emily had no words, but a tear formed in her eye, sliding down her cheek. 
Michael kissed it away. “I love you Emily Morgan.” The words slipped off his tongue, leaving a trail of relief behind them. He’d finally said it. Finally admitted it. “I fell in love with you the first day we met. I am an epic fool for never saying it until now.”
She sniffled in a throaty chuckle. “You wanted to leave the Isle.” 
Still, trying to make everyone else happy. He wanted her to get mad at him. Tell him what a complete loser he’d been. Instead, all that radiated from her was complete understanding and love. 
Love for him. 
“Emily, I strung you along, just expecting you to always be there, and you were… are. I’ll spend the rest of my life making it up to you.” He picked her up and swung her around, leaning her against the side of his jeep. “I love you so much it kills me.” 
Emily gasped a little, her back pressing into the jeep. The reality of what was happening finally kicking into her befuddled brain. “You’re not leaving the Isle…”
“No.”
“Because of what you found out, about your dad?”
“Yes, and no. It’s…” he shook his head in a tight fashion. “Something changed tonight. I don’t know how to explain it. It just suddenly feels right to be here. I don’t want it to feel right,” he admitted. “But it does. This is where I’m supposed to be. Partly because of my dad, partly because of you, partly because of who I am… I guess I’m just giving in. I’m not fighting what I’m supposed to be, or where I’m supposed to be anymore.”
Emily leaned in, for the first time taking what she wanted. His lips belonged to her now, and she wasn’t going to let them get away. 
“I love you Michael Howard. I know you can already feel it, but I need to say it.” She tugged at his lips and he returned the favor. 
She tasted of peaches and cream, and now that he’d had a taste of her, he wanted all of her. He wanted to take it slow, but his body betrayed him. 
Something crashed inside the Morgan house. It sounded like glass breaking. 
Michael and Emily broke apart, Emily’s head popping around him to see what had happened. 
“Dad?” she called out. 
She wiggled out of Michael’s grip and ran into the house. Michael followed, worried that Mr. Morgan had injured himself. He didn’t always get around so good and he’d fallen once before. 
Emily and Michael burst through the front door to see her father attempting to sneak away from an open window back to his room, but he’d knocked over an old glass vase which had shattered during his attempt. 
Emily planted her hands on her hips. “What were you doing?”
Her father just shrugged, holding back a grin. 
“Oh my God! Were you spying on me?”
“It’s sort of my fatherly duty… and… about damn time young man!” he aimed at Michael. “I was starting to think you were never going to come to your senses!” 
Michael had no reply. He could only agree with her father. 
“I’m going back to bed. I’ll clean up the mess in the morning.” He waved it off, grinning at his daughter. 
“Uh, huh,” she replied, amused. “Night, Dad. Love you.”
“Love you too, darlin’.” He shot a look at Michael that warned, you’d better not hurt my baby girl. Michael swallowed hard. 
It could not have made Mr. Morgan any happier. To see his daughter, a spirit vessel like her mother, with Michael Howard. Especially knowing he was a witch. Someone that could protect his daughter. It was the reason he’d come to the Isle. To protect her. 
This wasn’t exactly the manner in which he’d expected, but it did an old man’s heart good to know she was in capable hands, should she ever need help he couldn’t give her. Like today. Without the Howards, he wasn’t sure what might have happened to his daughter. 
Emily grabbed Michael’s hand and they stepped back outside. “Let’s go down to the beach. I could use some air.” Her mind was stuffed to the hilt with an abundance of thought. She’d just found out she was a spirit vessel, and Michael had finally told her he loved her. It was an air needed kind of night. 
“You read my mind. Air sounds perfect.” He wanted nothing more than to walk along the beach, the salty mist covering them, his hand entangled with hers, as it always should have been. 
Okay, so he wanted a whole lot more than just her hand in his. 
Michael pictured rolling around in the sand, hands exploring, lips devouring... 
His empathy kept him from acting on it. 
Emily was overwhelmed. Madly in love with him, but overwhelmed by the day she’d had. She was vulnerable, and he didn’t want their first time together to be during a moment of vulnerability. 
He wanted it to be perfect. Memorable. And when she was ready. 
He’d been such a jerk, stringing her along all these years. He’d let her set the pace from here on out. 
For tonight, with the moon shining brightly over them, a walk down the beach just holding Emily’s hand was absolutely everything Michael Howard ever wanted. 

##

Witches of The Demon Isle 
Volume Two, What Bites Me
(Chapters Continue in order from previous volume) 

CHAPTER SIX

Charlie Howard could not sleep. His brain felt stuck in the on position. 
Just hours before, he and his family had discovered their father, Jack, was possibly still alive. This, topped with an impending full moon, didn’t leave room in his mind for sleep. 
He hopped out of bed, slipped off his boxer shorts and turned on his shower. When the water was cool to the touch, he got in and let it spray away his thoughts. For a few minutes his mind cleared, questions and doubts disappearing down the drain. 
But it didn’t last. 
Where was his father? Was he a prisoner somewhere? Had he been held captive these last four years? Was he really still alive as his mother believed? 
Would they be able to locate and properly bury their mother’s body? They knew where it should be, but accessing it might not be easy. 
He found comfort in the fact that his sister, Melinda, showed great signs of improvement, and hoped she would start building a life for herself. 
That relief disappeared however when he remembered the approaching full moon. He still didn’t understand why this moon seemed to be affecting him more so than any other. It tugged at his insides as if toying with him. Daring him to transform. 
Why? Why after nearly ten years would this moon be so different? He was always tense and easily prone to overreaction during the full moon, but this time, he could practically feel the wolf inside him, moving just under his skin. Like a secret passenger just waiting for its moment to appear. And its moment was this full moon. 
He didn’t even want to think about Eva Jordan… a woman he’d met only one time, but antagonized his wolf to levels he never knew possible. Dangerous levels… potentially fatal levels. 
Charlie huffed and turned off the shower, the cool water no longer offering any solace. He wasn’t going to get any sleep tonight. And the thoughts and questions racing through his mind were not just going to go away. 
He dried off, wrapping a towel around his waist, making his way to an open bedroom window. He peered through it, checking the grounds below. From the second story of the Howard Mansion, he could see the entire area behind their home. 
Manicured gardens that wrapped around perfectly defined pathways. A six-tree apple orchard that produced the most perfectly crunchy, sweet McIntosh apples; perfect for cider every fall. A small grove of maple trees lined the backside. Charlie himself tapped the trees each spring, enjoying the process of collecting the sap and hauling it to the family sugar shack, boiling it down to a syrupy perfection. 
There was greenhouse hidden amongst shrubs and trees of various shapes and sizes, which they used to grow a few of the specialty plants and herbs required to make potions. 
And in the center of the yard, surrounded by a maze of moss covered granite, stood a life size gargoyle. It was supposed to ward off evil; however, it didn’t work. More than once, they had been caught unawares by some supernatural creature or another, attacking or approaching them at their home. 
A silvery beam of light captured his attention. His gaze followed it upward. “There you are,” he muttered, peering at the moon. It had materialized from behind a cloud. I’ll be full tomorrow night, it warned him silently. It vanished again, a dark cloud covering its taunting light. 
A new movement grabbed Charlie’s attention. Something buzzing just outside his bedroom window... a firefly sized golden light, hovering in the air. Except unlike fireflies, the light was continuous, rather than blinking on and off every few seconds.    
He grinned coolly. “You always have such perfect timing.”  
He tossed aside the towel, threw on a tank top, khaki shorts and sandals, suddenly deciding a stroll in the moonlight was exactly what he needed. 
He left the house, jogged through his backyard using a pathway that snaked through to the woods at the back, stepping onto a well-beaten path that came out a street close to the beach. He walked down that street about a block and turned right, down a short lane, which ended at a beachfront cottage. 
He leapt up the porch stairs pausing by an open window, spying on the woman inside. Her dark skin accentuated the brightness of her white tee shirt even in the dim lighting of her kitchen. 
Her curled hair bounced playfully as she took a swig from a tequila bottle while swaying to an intense track of a metal band. Not his favorite, but if it came attached to her, it was music to his ears.
Charlie’s eyes narrowed and an enticing growl flitted through his teeth, which echoed, “I got your message, Nina…”
The woman named Nina stopped, disappearing into another room. A moment later, the front door opened; she leaned against it, her eyes expectant as she dangled the bottle of tequila seductively. 
They exchanged no words. 
Charlie stepped through the door closing it behind him. He grabbed the tequila bottle with his left hand and the woman’s waist with his right. After taking a swig from the bottle he set it down with a thud and smashed the woman against the wall. “Welcome back to The Demon Isle.” He whispered the greeting, lips brushing down her neck. 
Her reply was a rushed inhale as Charlie’s hand left her waist, reached down the back of her thigh and lifted her, so her face was equal height to his own.  
The desire in Nina’s eyes pulled Charlie in like a drug he needed a hit of, his chest heaving with strained breaths.  
Nina urged him, her voice a hoarse whisper. “You know you can’t hurt me, Charlie.” She cupped his face in her hands. “Let me take control.” Her hands were warm and soft against the rough skin of his face, the hairs of which darkened thickly as she caressed him.  
“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” He grazed his bared teeth across Nina’s luminescent skin, threatening to sink his teeth into her shoulder. 
“There’s my big bad wolf,” she uttered darkly. 
A warm, golden glow started to emanate from a black ring Nina wore on her finger, spreading over her body like a protective shield. It extended out from her own body, ensnaring Charlie. 
It spread a feeling of security over every inch of him. 
The warmth willing him to surrender to her completely.
He definitely wouldn’t be getting any sleep tonight. 

##

Eva Jordan jogged on a pathway through the woods, her stark white hair bounced behind her in a loose ponytail. She grinned coolly, wondering how the Howard Witches would react to the not so subtle message she’d left them in White Pines National Park last night. 
“It should get Charlie good and riled,” she hoped desperately. She needed him to let his guard down so he would transform into a werewolf. If she didn’t succeed tonight, she’d have to wait another month until the next full moon to try again. She didn’t have that kind of time. 
The sun was just rising, peeking over the densely grown forest that surrounded the path. The sun didn’t reach the ground though, giving it the appearance of being dusk. 
Even with this dusk-like setting, Eva had no trouble seeing where she was going. She never missed a jutting root or rock, jumping over them with ease. Her gaze tightened suddenly, her head whipping abruptly as she ran, staring into the woods. 
Something was running alongside her. 
She ran faster. 
Faster than a normal human should be able to run. Then again, she wasn’t completely human. 
Whatever gave chase kept up her pace.  
Eva lunged into the woods without hesitation, landing on, and immobilizing her opponent in a single, smooth motion. She flipped over the body revealing a misshapen face. Upon seeing it, she rolled her eyes in annoyed apathy. 
The man let loose a growl, baring his jagged teeth at her.
“Caleb,” she spoke dryly, releasing him.
He jumped up, his misshapen facial features changing as he did so. Thick hair on his face thinned and then vanished completely, and his jagged teeth shortened, his mouth transforming into a beguiling smile. “Hello, Eva,” he greeted. 
“What are you doing here? I told you not to come.” 
“You have no control over me, Eva,” the man named Caleb retorted. “I am a bit sad you’re not happier to see me.” 
“I’m on a job, Caleb. You know I work alone.” 
“Ah, heck. I got bored, hopped the ferry and decided to look you up.” 
“I don’t need your kind of trouble, Caleb. You should leave, now. The full moon’s tonight.” 
“C’mon now. Don’t you want to have a little fun, like the old days?”
“No, Caleb. I don’t! Did you not just hear me say, I’m on a job?” 
“What happened to you anyway? You used to be so much fun.” He performed what was supposed to be a sultry dance to lure her instantly into his arms. 
“Give it up, Caleb.” Eva worked back to the path, returning to her run.  
“You know, Eva, since you hooked back up with dear old daddy, you’re plain old boring. And kind of a bitch.”
“I know.” She tossed a reviling smile. Alpha in charge, Queen B, come tonight… 
Eva tried to ignore Caleb as she ran towards home, but he followed like an obedient dog, begging for a belly rub. Another thought arose quite suddenly, a possible solution to a problem she had not worked out yet. A hidden smile crossed her face, and she stopped abruptly. “You know what, Caleb, I changed my mind. I am in the mood for a little fun.” A devilish twinkle crept into her eyes. 
Caleb returned her mischievous gaze with one of his own. “What did you have in mind, Eva baby?” 
“Follow me and find out,” she enticed him wickedly. 

CHAPTER SEVEN

Melinda knocked gently on William Wakefield’s locked iron door, in the basement of the Howard Mansion. “Can I get you anything?” She peeked through a grate in the door. 
“No. Thank you, Melinda. It’s nearly over now.” He kept his gaze down, staring into the pages of a book. 
The human blood he had drunk to help Emily just a day before still lingered in his body. Melinda knew William would not allow his self-made prison to be unlocked until he felt it was completely safe to do so. 
Not that he wasn’t comfortable. He had created a mini version of his study in the cell, for when he needed to spend time inside. 
She was just grateful she’d gotten some sleep last night. More importantly, dreamless sleep, both in the prophetic and steamy departments. Her head felt a tiny bit more on straight today. Worked-up-level down ever so slightly to, I might not implode any second, but it wouldn’t take much to get back there, level. 
William sighed. So quietly, she could not hear him. There’s that flutter… the one still plaguing his thoughts with its meaning. 
“I’m heading out,” she told him sounding uncertain.
“On your own?” He kept his gaze down.  
“Yeah. Thought I’d grab a coffee. Maybe take in some sea air.” 
“That’s good,” he encouraged. “Perhaps tomorrow, I will join you.”  
“I’m always up for your company, William.”
He instantly regretted the offer. She would be fine going out on her own, and should be doing this more often. He wanted Melinda to spend more time with humans her own age. Actually, he needed her to. 
Her infatuation with him was becoming difficult for him to handle, especially after indulging in human blood, which now dried up leaving him craving more. And Melinda’s smelled far too enticing. Even with many practiced years of being around humans, he dared not take any chances. At least not until he’d gotten to the bottom of this new, frustrating heart flutter of hers that drove him mad, and surfaced thoughts that were inappropriate for him to have toward any human, most of all, Melinda. 
It was his duty to protect her. As he did with all Howards. His thoughts were not those of the protecting kind.  
“I’m leaving some animal blood for you, just in case you change your mind.” She slid the blood pack through the bars of his door and let it slide down to the floor. 
He shot her a grateful nod, his eyes never leaving the book. 
“Wish me luck,” she said uneasily. 
William listened closely as she turned to leave. Her heart strummed and her breaths tightened. “You’ll do fine,” he called out, encouraging her. “I have complete faith in you, Melinda.”
“I just don’t have it in myself,” she muttered, realizing she’d said it loud enough for William to hear. She hastened away, not giving him a chance to reply. 
He waited until the sound of her footsteps were out of earshot. 
His gaze tore away from the book he gripped tightly, solid black eyes narrowing toward the door.
Having Melinda so close sent his blood craving into overdrive. He did not understand what had changed, why he suddenly found her blood so much more appealing than usual. Whenever he had human blood in any amount, there was a period of craving and withdrawal to suffer through. 
More concerning, however, was if there had not been a locked iron door between them, he might not have kept his control. It took everything he had to remain calm and act as of everything was normal. 
He’d lived over four hundred years and suddenly now, out of the blue, he was faced with something new. Something he had never experienced before. A feeling deep in his core he did not understand and could not put a name to.  
Yes, Melinda spending time with others would be good for them both.
His hungry eyes peered longingly at the animal blood pack. Before he could stop himself, he dragged his body across the floor ripping it open with his teeth, sucking it dry. 
He licked his lips, tearing it open wide enough to lap at the lining, needing every single drop. William closed his eyes, relishing the thick slick coating his throat. 
A horrified gurgle erupted from his lips. 
Damn his vile need for blood! His lust for it! 
He tossed the empty bag aside. Disgusted. 
Blood would not, and could not, control him. 
It was sustenance, simply that and nothing more. 
The Howards trusted him. He could not do anything to break that trust. They were his only connection to a human existence. Without them, he was nothing. Just a thing. A thing that had lived much longer than any thing should. 
They gave him purpose. Without them, he had no reason to continue going on...  
 
##

Melinda left the mansion, unsure where she was headed. The town already bustled with tourists. She stepped onto the cobblestone walkway, sucked in the salty sea air, and soon found herself at the Wicked Muddy Café. Grace, the gruff woman that owned the cafe stood behind the counter. 
“Well looky here,” she reveled, upon seeing Melinda enter. “Twice in one week. I might just have to start givin’ you the local’s discount if this’n becomes a habit.”
The woman seemed in a good mood, so Melinda tried her best to make small talk. 
“Good morning, Grace.” She was sure to emphasize that she remembered her name. “I think I do plan on visiting more often.” For some reason her voice sounded awkward, as if talking with someone that could not understand her. Melinda forced a smile, but as she reached into her pocket for cash, she accidentally swiped a pyramid of coffee gift packs, which went flying all over the floor. 
She sighed, shaking her head. “I can’t even get a stupid cup of coffee without…” she mumbled the rest under her breath, bending down to pick up the mess. 
Grace came around the corner. 
“Look now. Don’t worry none about it. Been tellin’ myself for days that was gonna happen. Shouldn’t a put’em so damn close to the register.” 
Grace watched Melinda’s poor attempts at picking up the mug gift packs and replacing them, without success. 
“Why don’t you let me handle that?” Grace urged after a moment. 
Melinda handed her the boxed mug she held, taking an embarrassed huff. 
“You okay there?” 
Melinda hadn’t expected her question and wasn’t sure how to respond. Seeing she wasn’t going to, Grace continued. 
“You know, I knew your parents. Good folk. Took real good care of the people on this Isle.” She winked, with special meaning. 
Melinda cocked her head to the side, taken aback. It had not dawned on her that Grace was a long time local that new about the Isle’s supernatural side. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you knew them.” 
Grace headed back behind the counter. “They helped me out on more than one occasion,” she admitted quietly. 
“Oh, well I’m glad they could help.” 
“See, you’re relaxin’ already.” Grace smile broadened. 
“Huh?” 
“You’re a nervous wreck, Dearie. Just relax, you’re amongst friends here.” 
Melinda just stared, unsure what to say. 
“Look now, I can come off a bit harsh,” Grace explained. “Frankly though, once I like someone, well that’s just it. I like’em from that day on. And I like you. You just need a little practice at bein’ out and about again.”
The way she said it indicated Melinda had been the topic of conversation previously. She suddenly felt as if every eye in the room was watching her. They really had been talking about her these last few years… that weird girl that never comes out of the house.  
Melinda sucked in deeply. Her body wanted to run back home and lock herself away, alongside William. But her brain tried to reason. Just give it some time. You can’t be that weird girl forever… 
“Tell you what I’m gonna do,” Grace continued. “You pick yourself out a mug and write your name on it. Put it on that shelf over there, and whenever you come in, it’ll be there, waitin’ for you.” She returned to helping another customer that had walked up to the counter. 
Melinda looked over the collection of unclaimed mugs. “A simple, normal, local kind of thing. Pick out a mug.” She finally decided on a skinny, handle-free style mug, and grabbed the marker on the shelf. Melinda Howard, she wrote on it. 
“Good pick,” Grace mouthed. “Very sleek.” She motioned for Melinda to hand it over to her. She rinsed it out and filled it with coffee. “I’ll still let you add your own cream. But one of these days, I’ll figure out just how you like it.” 
After Melinda added the cream, she had to decide where to sit. Grace didn’t give her the chance. 
“Outside,” she ordered. “Too nice a weather for a young, pretty girl like you to be hangin’ inside with a bunch of old cooks.” The locals sitting inside just laughed and nodded; there was no one relaxing inside the Wicked Muddy under sixty-five. “Go find yourself a nice young man to talk to,” Grace encouraged with a wink.  
Melinda decided she liked Grace. It also made her wonder how many other things she had been missing these last four years. How many other people in The Demon Isle would she come to like? 
She stepped outside and found a seat in the sun. She recognized some of the locals, but was surprised at how many she did not. Had they changed that much in the four years she’d kept herself hidden away? Or when she was a teenager, had she just not paid attention? 
Melinda hoped that amongst the locals and tourists she might happen across the dark haired motorcycle man she’d run into previously. Instead, she caught Michael and Emily headed her direction. 
“Hey guys,” Melinda shouted, waving them over. 
“Hey, Sis.” Michael grinned widely. “What are you doing here?” He held up his hand as if to say, don’t answer. “You know what, why don’t we grab a coffee and join you.” 
Melinda nodded yes eagerly. It would nice not to sit alone, or explain herself again. 
“I’ll grab yours Emily,” Michael offered. 
“Thanks,” she said, sucking on her top lip, barely able to contain her smile. She took the seat next to Melinda. 
“You look like you’re about to burst,” Melinda laughed. “What’s going on?”
“I’m just… happy. It’s a beautiful day and my day off. Michael’s not leaving and well, we’re officially dating,” Emily revealed with a quiet squeal. 
“Well, it’s about time. He’s been in love with you for years.” She could not help but smile, Emily’s happiness radiated out of her infecting anything within reach. 
“We spent the night just walking on the beach. Sitting under the moon. Holding hands…” her tone indicated it was pure bliss. 
Melinda imagined a few other things had happened, but was glad Emily kept those to herself. Even with the task of locating their father looming over their heads, Melinda did not remember a recent day when she felt this good. That good feeling also had a little something to do with motorcycle man... she kept glancing, hoping to catch him wandering by. 
“Looking for someone in particular?” Emily asked, taking notice. 
“Guess I need practice if I’m being that obvious.”
“It’s a guy, isn’t it? Tell me everything!” 
“He’s probably a tourist and I doubt I’ll run into him again. Which is what I did last night when I was on my way home from your place... quite literally ran into him.” 
“What’s he like?”
“Taller than me. Dark scruffy hair. Molasses eyes. And...” Melinda trailed off remembering his hands running down her back. It shot fiery pulses up her spine just thinking about it. 
“And?” prodded Emily.
“Just this intense feeling. Like we were supposed to meet. That sounds crazy to say about a total stranger.”
“No. To be honest, that’s how I felt when I first met your brother.”
“Really?”
“Yup. I think it’s a good thing. I think it’s like your souls somehow know you’ll be a good match for each other. Even if it takes one of those souls a ridiculously long time to come around and admit how he feels.”
“You really shouldn’t go easy on my brother,” Melinda laughed. “Make him suffer a little. But I never thought about it like that, souls knowing they’re right for each other. But like I said, probably won’t see him again. Oh… did I mention he drives a motorcycle?”
“Oh. A bad boy...” Emily replied wickedly. “Don’t tell your brothers.”
“Too late. Michael caught me gawking at him, more like drooling, while walking through town yesterday. And I didn’t really get a bad boy vibe.” Melinda scrunched her nose. “Okay, maybe just a little bit...” 
Michael returned with two steaming mugs, unable to control the smile on his face from widening when he saw his girlfriend and his sister deep in conversation, and laughing happily. He noticed Melinda’s personalized mug as she took a sip of coffee. He’d never thought such a mundane thing could bring him such joy and relief. It was starting to feel like she was herself again. 
Perhaps if the time came that he did leave the Isle, she would be all right. This was a good place for her. A simple place, minus the job as witches and protectors of the Isle, of course. And things didn’t change much on the Isle. But his desire to leave had subsided. He still wanted to travel and explore the world. But it didn’t have to be today, or tomorrow. He had lost that urgency for it to be now. 
He handed Emily her coffee and took a seat next to her. His hand fell to her knee, and she grabbed hold of it entangling her fingers with his, having no desire to let go. Just the touch of her hand sent a yearning thrum up his arm. Or maybe his empathy was picking that up from her. Their emotions were starting to meld in his mind. It was getting harder to see where his ended and hers started. He also found that he liked this. Possibly the first time he enjoyed anything about his magical inheritance of empathy. 
Moreover, if he hadn’t been the largest jerk in the world, he could have been enjoying all of this, years ago. 
I’m such a stubborn idiot! 
The luckiest stubborn idiot… 
He squeezed her fingers tighter needing to let some of the overabundance of emotion out of him. She squeezed back, understanding, her gaze never leaving Melinda.
Even with the task of finding their father still looming overhead, life today seemed better than it had in a very long time. 
A bit later, coffee mugs emptied, refilled by Grace and almost empty again, a familiar voice called out. “Howards!” It was Mack, The Demon Isle sheriff. 
“Hiya, Mack,” said Michael. “Would you care to join us?” He had his arm around Emily as he spoke, but winked at the sheriff in their usual playful manner.  
“’Fraid not. Funny thing is I was just about to call you guys.” 
Michael and Melinda were surprised when she did not return Michael’s flirtatious gesture. She rarely missed an opportunity to hassle him about his ridiculously good looks. 
“Perhaps we should move somewhere a little less, full of people,” Melinda suggested. 
“Actually, I hate to break up your party, but if you don’t mind, I’ll just follow you home. I’m afraid I’m gonna need Charlie on this one.” The tone in Mack’s voice dampened their good moods. 
“We could just call him,” Melinda offered. “To be honest, I’m not even sure he’s home.” 
“His summer fling must be back in town,” Michael mumbled under his breath. Emily let out a short giggle and Melinda just nodded in agreement, not wanting to think about her brother’s love life.
Mack inhaled, exhaled, and then shook her head, looking torn. 
“Sorry, but I think this is better discussed in person, and I need Charlie present.”
Melinda grabbed the new cell phone she’d gotten that morning, to replace the one she’d broken a day earlier, and tried Charlie’s number. William had left the phone in the kitchen for her before locking himself in his luxury dungeon.  
“Voicemail,” she whispered to Mack. “Hey, um, Charlie, when you’re awake and um, whatever, we need you home, okay. Mack needs our help.” 
Melinda hung up and headed into the coffee shop. Michael and Emily followed. Upon seeing them enter with the sheriff at their heels, Grace’s smile dropped a little, but she nodded politely.
“Morning to you too, Grace.” Mack gave her curt nod. 
“I’ll take care of those mugs,” Grace said, grabbing them. “I can see you’ve got business to attend to. You don’t be a stranger now, Melinda. I expect to see you back here real soon.” 
“I definitely will.” Melinda paused. “Thank you, Grace.” She needed to say it. It was nice not to be treated like the local freak. 
Grace nodded kindly and went about her work. 
Melinda, Michael and Emily walked in tense silence toward the Howard Mansion, the sheriff not far behind. 

CHAPTER EIGHT

Charlie lay sprawled across the floor; a sheet partially covered his nakedness. The woman, Nina, shared the sheet, sleeping soundly just inches away. Slowly, the morning sun crept in, warming their bodies and bringing them out of their contented slumber. Charlie gently pulled her body closer, her head on his chest. 
“You could come back tonight,” she suggested. She lifted her head, to see his response. 
“You know I can’t. It’s the full moon. I know you don’t think I can hurt you, Nina, but I can’t take the chance. Not tonight. The ring makes you strong, but I can’t trust that it makes you unbreakable.” 
“You can’t blame a girl for trying,” she spoke softly, sitting up to face him. “But the ring is stronger than you think. And it doesn’t come off unless I take it off, voluntarily. A well designed safety feature.” 
He pulled her body up, so she faced him. “You’re right, that it a smart design. And I’m sure you’re right that I can’t hurt you, Nina. But I don’t dare chance it. I will be back tomorrow night,” he reminded, as much for her benefit as his own. 
He pushed her backwards, the weight of him pinning her to the floor. A mouth invasion and a pulse pounding moan later, his body ached to stay all day and night. Screw the full moon. Screw his life. Screw everything… 
Charlie pulled back letting out a disappointed groan. He freed her and sat up, searching for his clothes. Nina laughed and located her tee shirt. A second later, she was on her feet and in the kitchen. 
“You want coffee?” she called out.  
“That, and maybe a cold shower,” he mumbled, watching her grab for a coffee can just barely within her reach. She was doing it on purpose and he knew it. He threw on his tank and shorts, walking up behind her. His arms easily stretched over her head to grab the can, keeping it teasingly out of her reach. 
She let out a devilish breath and turned her head to look at him. “Either you stay, Charlie Howard, or you let me make my coffee. You know how I get when I don’t get my coffee.” 
“All right, all right,” he caved, handing her the can. He backed away with hands in the air as if to surrender. He took a seat on a tall stool at the bar in the kitchen, adjusting himself until he’d cooled down. 
“So, how are you anyway?” 
“Now you ask?” Nina replied, her eyebrows turned upward. “Eh. Same old, same old. You know the game… nothing but work, work, work. But I’m on vacation now. I don’t need anything but coffee in the morning, a bottle of tequila in the evening and my wolf man every night.”
Charlie was tempted to break his own rule and come back tonight, regardless of the full moon.
“So how’s life on the Isle?” she asked him in return. 
“Actually, to be honest, things are pretty equally incredible and terrible.” 
Small talk was about all Charlie and Nina ever got into. They preferred to keep any serious details out of their three-summer long relationship. A mutual understanding of what they both wanted. Fun. No strings attached. No complications. 
“So it’s life as usual.” Nina handed him the first cup from the coffee pot.
“Yeah, life as usual.” 
“If you want me to be honest, Charlie, there’s something different about you.”
Nina always was keen on seeing small changes that took place in Charlie. Then again, that was part of her job when she wasn’t vacationing on The Demon Isle.
“Just a full moon thing,” he insisted, acting as if it were nothing of importance. 
“Actually, I think you’re right. The wolf is much more present than usual.”
He shook his head, wearing a grin. This was true. Although she certainly hadn’t minded last night. 
She chuckled, poured herself a coffee and joined him at the island. “It’s sort of like the moon is demanding you transform, Charlie. Almost like it’s saying you’ve avoided me long enough… you’re out of time.” 
He stared in bewilderment. Nina could not have been more right. 
“It frightens you, doesn’t it?”  She reached out and stroked his stubble-covered cheek. 
“It does.” There was no point in hiding the truth. “But I’ll deal with it, just like I do every full moon.” He tossed her a smile that said not to worry about it. His phone buzzed, indicating he had voicemail. He had turned the ringer off before arriving at Nina’s the night before.  
“And duty calls,” he said in a disappointed tone after listening to Melinda’s message. He really was going to have to leave and go back to reality. 
“You witches… always on the job.” Nina cracked an understanding smile. 
“Says the gal who’s on the clock twenty-four-seven, except for six weeks every summer.” 
“Ah, but I love my job. And look at how I get to spend my vacation.” 
She pulled him in, begging one last kiss out of him before allowing him to leave.  
Something about the kiss felt different to Charlie. Deeper. Fuller. Tinged with hidden meaning he didn’t have time to decipher. 
She pulled away. He groaned again. 
“Tomorrow night, Nina. You’d better be ready for me.” 
She sucked in. Her head filled with a delighted haze as she escorted him to the front porch and watched him disappear down the road. 
“Oh, my big bad wolf man.” Nina’s voice trembled, riddled with emotion. “I'm afraid there won’t be a tomorrow night. My duty calls as well.” 
She stepped back into the house, slipped the protection ring off her finger and walked into the bedroom, gently placing the ring in the center of the sea of white covering her unused bed. 
She lovingly ran her hands over the sheets, erasing any creases or wrinkles.
She stood, taking a deep, certain breath. “Well that’s that,” she spoke to no one. 
Nina got dressed and slipped out of the cottage, following a pathway alongside the back of the beach, which veered off into the dark woods of The Demon Isle. 

##

Upon arrival at the Howard Mansion, Michael and Emily headed into the kitchen. From the look on Michael's face, his empathic abilities were picking up some very disturbing feelings from the sheriff. Melinda went down to let William out of his prison whether he was ready to come out or not. 
He smelled her blood before she’d gotten down the first stair. He breathed it in. It was tolerable now, but as she got closer, that tolerance lowered. 
“William,” she called out. “You probably already heard her in the kitchen, but if not, Mack’s here and she needs our help with something.” Melinda’s tone shoved his cravings back in their place. He heard the fearful inflection. 
“Very well.” He exited his cell after she unlocked it for him. 
Cravings in their rightful place or not, William kept to the opposite side of the kitchen near an open window, as far from Melinda as he could get without raising suspicions over his actions. 
Michael asked Mack if she’d like a cup of coffee. 
“Can’t ever turn down a good cup.” She nodded thanks as he filled a mug from the freshly brewing pot. Michael grabbed the cream and sugar, adding just a touch of cream and three heaping teaspoons of sugar.
“Darn my sweet tooth,” Mack joked uneasily when he handed her the cup.  
“Charlie called,” Michael announced, for Melinda and William’s sake. “He’ll be here any minute.” 
Mack hadn’t taken more than a few sips when Charlie sauntered through the back kitchen door. 
“Morning everyone,” he called out, upon seeing them. “I’ll take a cup of that,” he told Michael. He grabbed a mug, filled it and handed it to Charlie. 
“Thanks,” he said, taking a big gulp.
“You looked relaxed considering what day it is,” Michael noted with a smirk. 
Charlie just shook his head and scrunched his face. It was his look of, yeah, we’re so not going there… instead, he made a quick change of the subject. “What’s up?” 
They all turned to Mack. 
She set down her cup, clearing her throat. 
“There’s something I need your help with, and more importantly, Charlie, you need to hear what I have to say.”  
Charlie’s relaxed demeanor morphed into tension. “You know you can count on us for anything, Mack, supernatural or otherwise.”  
“Truth is,” she continued, “I just came back into town from a crime scene, out in White Pines National Park.” She paused after, seeming apprehensive to continue. 
“Do you need help figuring out how someone died?” Michael questioned.  
She shook her head no. “No death readin’ needed. Coroner already has a cause of death.” She aimed her next words at Charlie. “Wolf bite… although I’d say it was more like wolf shred.” 
Charlie pounded his mug onto the counter, splashing the coffee and nearly breaking the mug. He stood up, his body fully aware of what Mack was telling him, but his mind refused to believe it. “There are no wolves on the Isle,” he insisted, knowing full well there had been at least one wolf on the Isle previously. 
“Yeah, just like there weren’t any dang wolves on the Isle ten years ago when you got bit.” Mack talked as if she had read his thoughts.  
“What does this mean?” Melinda asked faintly. 
Michael, already realizing what it meant, wrapped his arms around Emily, pulling her as close to him as possible. 
“It means there’s a werewolf on The Demon Isle,” Charlie revealed darkly. 
“But I thought werewolves could only change during a full moon,” Emily said, confused, as she did not know the entirety of Charlie’s story. “How did a werewolf kill someone the night before a full moon?”  
“That’s how it happened when Charlie…” Melinda stopped, covering her mouth, beginning to understand why Mack had needed to speak with Charlie. And what Michael had already caught onto. 
“The coroner discovered a very unique thing about the wolf’s bite… its missin’ a tooth, Charlie.”
Charlie’s nostrils flared a flurry of emotion raging through him.
It wasn’t just any werewolf. 
It was the werewolf. 
The very one that had bitten him ten years prior and had left a tooth embedded in Charlie’s shoulder after its hideous attack. 
“I guess you can consider yourself lucky you survived, Charlie. The body we found this mornin’…” Mack couldn’t finish, and she’d witnessed plenty of bloody attacks during her time as sheriff. 
Melinda stared at Charlie, deeply concerned over what this would mean for him, a panic attack threatening to rise. 
Michael’s empathic ability sensed Melinda’s anxiety mounting to a threatening to overwhelm level, and he grabbed for her hand. She barely felt him holding onto it. Her skin went numb. 
William took a few quick paces around the room, blood lust no longer a concern, the look of comprehension dawning in his emerald green eyes. “Yes,” he mumbled, as if answering his own silent question. 
The rest turned and waited breathlessly for him to explain. 
“It is extremely likely that this wolf’s return is behind your heightened tension these last few days, Charlie. Even though you have never permitted the full transformation to take place, you still have your werewolf senses. I believe this wolf’s arrival may have triggered the connection between you.” 
“How do I break it, William? I want nothing to do with it,” Charlie pleaded, his voice charged with shaken control. “Unless…” His eyes brightened with a new possibility. 
“Don’t even think about it, Charlie,” exclaimed Michael, already understanding what Charlie was thinking. “You cannot use yourself at bait to capture this thing!” 
“I am afraid Michael is quite right, Charlie,” William agreed. “You cannot confront this wolf without an almost certain chance of transforming completely. I am sure you remember what happens then?”
“You mean other than a murderous rampage across the Isle,” Melinda muttered in a sickly sarcastic tone. 
Charlie covered his face with his hands, looking pained as he forced himself to sit back down. He looked up, dropped his hands, staring into the eyes of Melinda and Michael. They shuddered at the same moment. 
Melinda because she saw true fear in Charlie’s eyes and this frightened her above all else. And Michael because his empathic abilities sensed Melinda losing the battle to keep her own fears from crushing her. 
Charlie stood up, pacing back and forth, stopping every few steps to speak, but nothing would come out. He gulped, his throat feeling like a pile of dry ash as he searched for the courage to say what he needed to say. 
“There’s something I never told you guys,” he finally pushed out. “And don’t get mad at William, I forced him to swear to secrecy.”   
“What did you keep from us, Charlie?” Melinda barely controlled the panic ensnaring her heart.    
He took another moment to answer. Thinking it over carefully first. 
“If I transform, fully surrendering to my wolf, and the one that created me is still alive… it becomes my alpha. I will no longer have control over my actions, whether it’s a full moon, or not.” 
“What!?” breathed out Michael. 
“Charlie… this is… huge!” Melinda had many choice words and thoughts about the revelation, but none would reach her lips. Captured and imprisoned by her thickening throat and befuddled brain.  
“I have to agree with your siblings on this one, Charlie.” Mack shook her head.  “This situation is turnin’ into a much larger problem than even I expected.”
“And William isn’t going to be much help,” stammered Melinda. “Or have you forgotten that a werewolf bite is poisonous to him?” 
William ignored Melinda’s remark, realizing it was misplaced anger, and knowing he would do whatever was necessary to save Charlie.  
“I’m sorry I never told you guys. I guess I hoped it would never come to this. I hoped the thing would never come back here. I didn’t want to burden you with what I thought would be unnecessary worry.”
“Turns out it was necessary, Charlie!” Melinda retorted in a huff. Her heart was beating at a much faster pace than it should, and she sucked in unsteady air trying to calm the panic attack bubbling its way to the surface. Tears stung at her eyes. She sucked the side of her cheek, trying to control them. 
No one replied. No one knew what to say, or do, with this information. After another long moment of tense silence, Michael did his best to bring everyone out of their stupor. 
“And here I thought Charlie’s edginess was just over the new girl in town.” 
“Ha. So much for the Eva Jordan theory,” Melinda sniffled.  
Charlie sighed, deeply regretful as he witnessed his sister crumbling before his eyes. He stepped over to her, forcing her to hug him. 
“I don’t want anything to happen to you,” she sobbed. “I can’t lose you too. I just can’t.” 
“I know, Kiddo. I’m sorry I never told you. I really am. But everything’s going to be okay. This full moon will come and go, just like any other. I promise.”
Just then, the sheriff’s radio started chirping. 
“Looks like I am being called away, Howards. You all talk amongst yourselves and let me know what you figure out. I’ll be in touch.” 
She showed herself out, but before she let the door close, she gave another warning. 
“Be careful, all of you. I don’t want to be losin’ any of you either. That put out there Charlie… if you transform and can’t be controlled, you know what I’ll have to do.” She patted her upper pocket. “I’ve still got the bullets you gave me.” 
“I expect you to do your job, Mack. Nothing less,” he agreed firmly. “I’m supposed to protect the Isle, not be the thing it needs protection from.” 
She nodded stoically and let the door slam shut. 
Melinda’s nostrils flared and her eyes began to tear up again. 
“You gave her bullets!? To kill you with!” 
“It’s going to be okay, Melinda,” Charlie insisted. 
“You can’t know that!” 
She turned to Michael and William for support, but neither spoke. 
Michael, grasping Emily, but now as if his life depended on it, could not reply to Melinda because he could barely keep himself together as her anguish washed out of her body like a flood. 
William’s face turned to stone, but not before she saw the struggle there; he was trying to hide it from her. They didn’t want to admit they might be in more trouble than they could handle. Or they were just trying to protect her from the truth, afraid she couldn’t handle it. 
They were right. 
Melinda’s throat closed up and she gasped for air. Black splotches burst into her vision. The room started to spin and her mind shouted for her to run and hide… to disappear completely.  
Charlie and Michael reached out but she batted them away, heading for the door. “I can’t be here,” she choked out in a pained voice. “I can’t watch my brother basically die…” She ran out of the house as fast as possible. 
Charlie stepped out after her, shouting, but she did not hear what he said. 
She just kept running, blocking everything from her mind. She needed to get away. She’d suffocate and die if she went back inside that house. 

##

“What perfect timing!” Charlie rambled angrily. “Just when I was starting not to worry about her, every waking moment.” 
“Just let her go,” William advised. “At least she is out of the house and not locked in her room.” Although even as he said this, it was everything he could do, not to go after her himself. 
“Great! Out there, who knows where, with a werewolf on the prowl.”
“She is stronger than you think, Charlie. Give her time to sort out her feelings. I think it might be good to let her do this.” It might also be good to have a little space from her, William realized. He needed to have a clear head, something that was proving impossible when he was near Melinda now. 
“Maybe I should go after her?” suggested Emily. “Maybe she wouldn’t mind talking to me, being I’m a girl, and a friend, and not a brother.” 
Michael tossed her an appreciative smile. “Maybe it’s just better if Melinda sits this one out. Give her some space like William said. We can handle this one, ourselves. We just need to come up with some kind of plan that doesn’t involve you turning into a werewolf, or using yourself as bait, Charlie.”  
“Yes, let’s not have it come to that, shall we?” agreed William. “Perhaps, the best place to start is…”
“Research,” both Charlie and Michael finished in dry sarcasm. 
William lifted an eyebrow. “Actually, yes. I want to know what allows this wolf to change without the moon being full.”
“You’ve researched this before,” Charlie said. “You found nothing.” 
“Perhaps I missed something. Perhaps, what I need is not in my own library, but on that confounded machine Emily calls a laptop.” He glanced at Emily expectantly. 
“Oh, come with me, William. The internet is really not that scary.” She grabbed her bag and dug out her laptop. She and William retreated into his study to see what they could find. 
This left Charlie and Michael alone in the kitchen. 
“I’m impressed,” Michael suddenly told his brother. 
“By what?”
“How calm you stayed during all of that. Your wolfy thing didn’t even surface.”
“I think it’s just shock, actually.” 
“Still, if you can stay that calm, with all of this going on, maybe everything really will be just fine. Or maybe, whatever happened last night…” he trailed off, waiting expectantly for a reply. 
Charlie said nothing, but Michael didn’t give up. 
“C’mon, we all know you got some secret gal you hook up with every summer. What’s the big deal?”
“It isn’t a big deal. It’s just a relationship of… convenience. It works great for her and it works really great for me.” He couldn’t help but grin, thinking of Nina dancing around her kitchen. 
“Do you like her?” 
“Sure. She’s a…” Charlie thought hard how to explain a complex woman like Nina. However, he could not do so properly without giving away too much about her. “She’s an incredible woman. Not a human woman, of course. But if you’re asking if I’m in love with her, she’s not the one, or anything like that. She’s not the settling down type.” 
“Okay,” nodded Michael, dropping the subject. “So what’s our next move then? How are we going to find this alpha?” 
“I need to keep busy for one thing. I may appear to be holding it together, but if I allow myself to disappear into my brain right now, this whole alpha thing will consume me. Finding it?” Charlie let out a sigh that exclaimed I have no idea.  
Michael saw it again. True fear in his brother’s eyes. It wasn’t a sight he enjoyed, and it wasn’t like Charlie to let it leak out. 
“The only thing I can come up with, is find the alpha before it finds me.”
“Maybe we should visit the crime scene,” Michael suggested. “Maybe we can find something the investigators overlooked.” 
“They certainly would miss any supernatural clues it left behind,” agreed Charlie. 
“Sounds like we have a place to start at least. Let’s go tell William and Emily.” 

##

Melinda huffed her way down the street. It had been sunny earlier, but now clouds and were rolling in, layering a salty mist over every surface. This did not deter the tourists though. They still bustled about, mindless of the weather. Of course, everyone knew the old saying, ‘If you don’t like the weather, just wait a minute.’ 
“Damn you, Charlie Howard,” she spat at the cobblestone walkway. “And William… My William, keeping a secret that big from me! Ugh,” she snorted. 
A tourist made to step around her, in a wide, obvious motion. 
“Yeah, yeah, I’m talking to myself,” she spoke crazily, at the same time eying the man, as if to say, Yeah, I’m a freak, deal with it! 
At that same moment, her foot hooked the edge of a crevice and she tripped, falling forward. “Son of a… ” Her hands dutifully flew up to protect her face. 
Someone caught her though, holding on tightly, not allowing her to fall. 
“Are you okay?” It was a male voice, sounding both amused and concerned. 
“Yes. I’m fine,” she responded with mock gratitude as her savior helped her stand upright. She picked up her head and inhaled, losing her breath again.  “Oh… you,” she squeaked out. 
“Is that good, or bad?” His molasses eyes danced in delighted bemusement. It was her dark haired motorcycle man... and he’d have to pick now to happen across my path...  she could not hide her tear stained face. Or tangled hair, turning into ringlets as the humidity and mist claimed its control for its own. But her fury lessened. Replaced with intense need to disappear. To feel anything other than panic and pain. 
He could not believe he’d found her again. More like that feeling he got sometimes, led him to her again. His heart soared, but also cracked just a little. He didn’t know why, or what had caused it, but his little blue eyed beauty was broken. Maybe whoever, or whatever sent him these feelings of where he needed to be, really had sent him to her because she needed him. 
But he’d never found himself helping someone that kicked his heart into overdrive. No woman that instantly made him want to wrap himself around and protect her from all the horrors in the world. 
He shrugged and shook his head. “You know, that’s the second time I’ve saved you from falling. Do you do that a lot? Or am I just lucky?”   
“No, I don’t fall a lot,” she replied, clearing her throat. “And you just happen to be in the right place, at the wrong time,” she told him, keeping her chin held high. 
“Don’t you mean in the right place at the right time?” 
“However you want to see it. Look, thank you for your help. Again. But I’m fine now... just having a really terrible day,” she rambled in a haughty mumble, turning away. 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he called after her. “I mean that your day is bad, not that you’re okay.” 
She just waved her hand as if none of it mattered and stormed off. She still had a brother to be angry with.
“Hey, wait a minute,” motorcycle man shouted, catching up to her. “Bad day or not, can I at least know your name?” 
She stopped mid-street and stared at him, nearly laughing out loud in nervous response. He must think I’m an inconsiderate jerk. But what’s new?
“Melinda,” she found herself telling him. “My name is Melinda.” 
Just then, a car screeched to a stop, honking its horn. “Yeah, yeah, hold your horses! I’m moving.” 
Her dark haired hero then did something quite unexpected. 
He grabbed her hand and sauntered alongside her, seeing her safely to the sidewalk across the street. He let go once she was safely off the road. Melinda shot him a questioning look. Why was this total stranger being so nice to her? 
“I couldn’t well save you from falling, and then let some impatient driver run you over now, could I?”
She guessed that made sense. He was just being nice. Helpful. She knew a few local island boys that could take a lesson or two… jerkface came to mind. Forget him! Pissed off enough already…
They were near his motorcycle. She stepped closer to take a look. She’d never really looked at one up close. It had clearly seen some mileage, but its solid black steel construction called out you can trust me… I won’t let you down… 
“Best way to travel,” her savior winked, grabbing his helmet. 
Melinda noticed an extra helmet hooked to the bike. 
He noticed her staring at it. 
“You wanna go for a ride? I’m a safe driver. Promise.” 
There were so many reasons to say no. Charlie is in serious trouble. This guy is a total stranger. She had no idea where she would be going, and no one else would know where she was going…
Nobody will know where I am… the thought suddenly filled her with exhilaration.
She grabbed the extra helmet and straddled the bike. The young man hopped on and she wrapped her arms around his waist. “Get me the heck outta here!” she breathed out with an air of defiance.  
“Your wish is my command.” He kick-started the motorcycle to life. Something about that motion, that sound, shot ribbons of excitement through Melinda. She squeezed her arms around him, unknowingly. She didn’t see his grin beaming down after her arms wrapped around him as if her life depended on it.  
He made a sharp U-turn and headed out of the town, speeding his way through the winding roads of The Demon Isle. 
Melinda closed her eyes taking in every smell, breathing in the fast moving air as if she had never breathed properly before. 
“What’s your name?” she shouted over the roar of the engine. 
“Riley,” he shouted back.
“It’s nice to meet you, Riley,” she responded with a squeal as Riley took a sharp turn at a very high speed. 
He laughed at her, amused by her behavior. “You’re going to cut off my circulation if you hold on any tighter.”
She eased her grip. “Sorry, I’ve never been on a motorcycle before,” she admitted. 
“Well then, Melinda. I’d better make sure I give you the ride of your life.” 
She averted her eyes, feeling her cheeks heat up. A flutter floated through her stomach sending butterflies plucking at her nerves. She wanted to pinch herself and make sure she wasn’t dreaming. That this was real and happening, right now. 
Just this morning she had been perfectly content knowing her future would be spent working alongside her brothers to find their father. Michael and Emily had been the epitome of happiness and now, it had all gone to hell! 
William was still stuck at the forefront of her thoughts, to a haunting level, and still very much off limits. 
And by this time tomorrow, Charlie might not belong to himself... she could not think about this. She could not handle losing a brother. Not after everything else she’d already lost in this life. She could not think about what would become of him if this alpha took control. He’d probably kill himself before allowing anyone to control him… 
She let out a trembling breath.  
Screw all of this! 
I’m sick of worrying about everything. And everyone. 
What’s right, what’s wrong. 
What’s waiting around the corner. 
If I’ll have another dream of someone I know, dying, or about a vampire I can’t have… 
Sick of being in that house a single minute longer…
Doubt crept it, just like it always did.  
What the heck am I doing? I should be helping Charlie. I should be with my family. 
They’re used to handling things without me… her inner voice argued. Probably better if I’m not there. I’d just get in the way. 
But I should be there. 
She felt sick and almost asked Riley to pull over. 
I can’t. I can’t go back. I can’t think about losing Char… Melinda closed her eyes and let it slip away with the wind, leaving it behind in the motorcycle’s wake. Suppressing her deepest fears. 
She had to loosen her grip on Riley again, having been grabbing him too tightly. 
Just be in the moment. Screw everything else. 
Once out of the town, Riley sped up the bike even faster. Melinda felt a rush of adrenaline kick in and squealed as the wind slapped against her skin. This was the only place she wanted to be. It felt just right. 
At least she hadn’t worn her ankle length summer dress today. Not that she was dressed much better than the previous day. But she had at least found a well-fitting pair of cutoff jeans to go with her tank top and sweater. She glanced down at her flip flop covered feet... not that they covered anything. And definitely not the smartest choice for a motorcycle ride. She toyed with throwing them off and just going barefoot but decided against it. 
“I love this!” she shouted, unable to contain her giddiness over this feeling growing inside of her.
Riley peered around his shoulder and cast a brilliant smile upon seeing her. 
She had never understood why people rode motorcycles until just this moment. There was something freeing about it. The air whipped by and yet she could see everything flying past as though in slow motion, almost like seeing it for the first time. With every rotation of the tires, she flew away from her life, farther and farther from every worry, doubt or fear.  
She liked this feeling. 
And she liked this molasses-eyed stranger named Riley. 

CHAPTER NINE

Charlie and Michael stepped into the study. 
“You two find anything useful?” Michael asked. 
“No,” William answered without lifting his head from the laptop. He squinted at the screen and looked at the keypad, typing a letter. “Look at that. You type it here and then it shows up…” his eyes rolled over to the brothers, staring at him in momentary delight. 
“My gosh, William,” Emily blurted, shaking her head in well-meaning humor. “For a vampire who moves at speeds I can’t even fathom, you are the worst typist I have ever laid eyes on!” She marched over and motioned for him to move. 
William frowned but rolled his chair out of her way. 
“Okay, let’s see here. What question do you want answered, William?” 
“What allows a werewolf to transform on a night that is not a full moon, at the same time allowing it to pass on its curse, as if it is a full moon?”
“Um, that’s what you want the internet to answer for you? I don’t think that answer is just going to pop up, William. I mean, it’s a bit… huh…” 
“Huh, what?” Michael leaned over her shoulder to look. 
“Well, I don’t really know if this is at all helpful, as this is a chat forum for a popular fantasy series, so fiction, but this one guy, his name is RadWolfman… hey, Charlie, maybe you should pick up a nickname,” she sputtered, getting sidetracked. “That would be way cool.” 
Michael just rolled his eyes. 
“Not such a bad idea,” said Charlie. “I’ve been called a few things over the years…” he let his sentence trail off. 
William rolled back over to read the screen. Emily shot him a steely look and he retreated. 
“As I was saying. This one guy, RadWolfman, he’s on here a lot, and a few months back he posted about our very topic. Apparently, there’s some heated debate surrounding a werewolf character in a book that can only change into an actual werewolf during a full moon, but…” she kept reading, “it can also transform into a regular wolf… oh,” she said, surprised. “This werewolf is also a shapeshifter. Are those real?” 
William leaned back in his chair, his brow furrowed as he thought on the subject. 
“Yes,” Michael told her. “Shifters are real. But even if that happens to be what we’re looking for... if it was shifted into a wolf form, but not transformed into an actual werewolf, how did you get infected?” he aimed at Charlie.  
“Because it is still werewolf blood,” William whispered. “The wolf still resides in those that are bitten whether transformed or not. A shapeshifter taking on the form of a wolf could still pass on the curse. A weakened form, possibly, which could explain your wolfish nature, but why you have never fully transformed.” 
William bounded out of his chair, sending it rolling across the floor behind him.
“That said, this is all conjecture. I do not pretend to know all the ins and outs of werewolfdom. It could be that the witch’s blood that courses through your veins is keeping the full transformation at bay. It could be that nothing, in the end, can keep you from a full transformation, if the right trigger is used against you. More importantly, if it is a shapeshifter we are searching for…”
“It could be anyone...” Michael finished, gloom in his tone.  
“Oh my.” Emily cleared her throat, attempting to sound upbeat. “I’ll keep searching. There’s bound to be other possibilities.” 
While she returned to searching, Charlie held up his phone. “Going to try to reach Melinda.” He ignored the subject of the shapeshifter theory and stepped out of the study. 
Before making the call, he leaned his back against the hallway wall. 
“Keep it together, Charlie. Keep it together.” He closed his eyes, bursts of dark lights forming under his eyelids, thoughts swimming through his brain threatening to overwhelm him. He wondered if this is what Melinda felt like when she was getting a panic attack. He opened his eyes and dialed her cell phone number, confused when he heard her phone ringing inside the house. He followed the sound into the kitchen. 
“Damn it!” he groaned in frustration, picking her phone up off the floor. “She probably doesn’t even know she dropped it.” He leaned into the counter, thinking he could really use a shot or two of Nina’s tequila. 
He had assumed Melinda would return after a few minutes. More importantly, he was beginning to doubt he was going to be able to keep his promise. 
Nothing was right with this situation. 
If he did transform and the alpha took over… if he did not transform but got himself killed trying to get rid if this thing. Or say they did kill the alpha werewolf… then what? 
I’m still stuck with this monster I don’t know how long I can control… it’s never going to just go away. It is always going to be inside of me.
 
##

Michael explained to William about their plan to visit the crime scene while Emily typed away on her laptop.  
“Do you think it’s safe for us to venture into the park?” asked Michael. “We don’t know where this alpha could be lurking.”
“Logic tells me it is safe. The crime scene will be busy with police and such, scouring the area for evidence. The park itself is likely to be filled with tourists.”
“If tradition holds, lots of people would mean no supernatural creatures wanting to expose themselves,” Michael agreed. He let slip out, “I think Charlie’s losing the battle, William. I’ve never seen him like this before. He’s trying so hard to keep it together, but there is this fear drowning him. He doesn’t think he’s going to make it.”
“Which is why I am coming with you today.” He held up his hand before Michael could argue. “I know the risks of coming into contact with a werewolf.”  
“I hate to admit it, but I’d feel better if you were with us, William. If something happens and Charlie loses it, I don’t think…” Emily let out an exasperated moan. “Something new?” Michael asked, hopeful. 
“No. Nothing. Nothing at all!” she exclaimed. “Either it’s a shapeshifter, or it’s something none of us, including a four hundred year old vampire, have ever heard of, read about, or dealt with before.” 
Michael cast a glance at William. 
He wore his usual emotionless face. 
Michael wished his empathic abilities worked on William. However, the vampire had always said that this was a good thing, as his emotions were more intense than a human mind could handle.  
“Let’s get this trip underway,” Michael suggested, seeing as William would give away no more about how he truly felt about their current predicament. “Maybe we’ll get lucky and find something.” He didn’t hold out much hope for that to happen.   
They stepped into the kitchen to find Charlie. 
“William’s coming with us,” Michael informed him. 
“Yeah, okay.” There wasn’t even a threat of argument in his tone. He held up Melinda’s cell phone. “She dropped it when she stormed out of here earlier.” 
“She’s probably sitting down at the Wicked Muddy,” Michael said. “Grace took a liking to her. I think Melinda felt comfortable there. You know she isn’t going to stray too far. This is Melinda we’re talking about.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” he agreed. “Sorry, I’m having a hard time controlling the paranoia. The wolf really drags it out of me.” 
Emily saddled into the kitchen. “Why don’t I look for her? If she’s in town, I’ll find her.” 
Michael grabbed hold of her, brushing his hand against her hair and kissed her affectionately. “Thanks, Em. I know we said we’d give her some space, but we’d feel a lot better if we just knew she was okay.” He walked her to the front door. 
Emily moved to leave, but he grabbed her again planting another kiss. “I just can’t get enough of that,” he mumbled in between their lips tugging at each other. 
“You could have been getting that a long time ago if you weren’t so stubborn.” 
“Don’t remind me.” 
“I’ll see you later,” she mouthed with a grin, pulling away. She grabbed her bag and flitted out the door. 
Michael rejoined Charlie and William. 
Charlie leaned hesitantly against the countertop.  
“I was thinking, since we’re heading into White Pines anyway, maybe we should take a side trip to the old tree. I had wanted us all to go together and pay our respects to Mom, and search for clues about Dad, but since we’re going to be so close…”
“What do you think, William?” asked Michael, glad that Charlie had brought it up.  He’d had the thought himself, but couldn’t decide if it was appropriate considering the circumstances for their visit into White Pines. 
“I don’t see the harm,” the vampire conceded after a moment. “It is just minutes from the crime scene.” 
“Um, that’s kind of coincidental, don’t you think, William?” said Charlie, that fact just dawning on him. 
“It had not occurred to me.” William pondered this new quandary worried it was some vital clue he had overlooked. It seemed ridiculously obvious, definitely something he should have seen before now. Especially since Melinda wasn’t close, clouding his thoughts. 
“William?” questioned Charlie.
“Sorry. Not sure why I didn’t catch the possibility sooner. I think we would be remiss to call it mere coincidence, and if we are going to add a trip to the old tree to our itinerary, I think we’d better bring along a few precautionary items.” 
“I’ll go grab some potions,” said Charlie. “We’ll be careful with them,” he aimed at Michael. “We still need to use them, regardless of what happened to Mom.”
“I know. Like you said though, we’ll be more careful. I’ll go grab a crystal.” He took off to get it. 
“And I will grab a snack, just in case,” William intimated. 
“So much human blood in one week?” jested Charlie, understanding what lunch meant. “Maybe one out-of-control supernatural monster in the house is enough?” His voice reeked with sarcasm.  
William’s mouth turned up into the slightest of smiles. “Ah, but I can handle my poison.” Although after his Melinda blood cravings in the last twenty-four hours, he wasn’t so sure about that anymore... 
Charlie could not help but laugh. It felt good to joke with William, even in the face of the dangers they likely faced in the upcoming hours. 

CHAPTER TEN

Melinda told Riley to slow down and take the next right. It was a sharp turn, and he nearly had to come to a complete stop to do it safely. 
“Where’s it lead?”
She just smiled and nodded for him to pay attention. 
“Yes, Ma’am,” he replied. 
If Melinda hadn’t pointed out the turn, Riley would never have seen it. The trail was unmarked and just wide enough for a small car to fit through. The ground was smoothed over from years of use, so the motorcycle had no trouble even though it was unpaved. The trees and bushes surrounding the sides of the road grew tall, threatening to reclaim the road to its natural wild state. 
Soon, they came to a blockade of granite rock about three feet in height, and he parked the bike. A look of awe spread across his face.  
“What is this place?” 
“It’s where we locals like to get our kicks,” she answered, dismounting the bike and taking off her helmet. He did the same, grabbing hers and hanging them both on the bike.
“I’ve never seen anything like it. Are we still in Maine?” he joked. 
“Neat, huh? It’s a quarry, been here since long before I was born. To be completely honest though, I haven’t been here in years, but things don’t really change much on the Isle. C'mon.” She grabbed his hand daringly, dragging him along to the edge. There was no other person in sight.
Melinda shouted into the quarry. Her echo carried to the other side, repeating her shout until the last echo finally faded into the distance.   
“Wicked,” Riley chuckled. 
“I don’t know why I did that,” she blurted out, her cheeks blushing. “Haven’t screamed into the quarry since I was a kid.” It was a silly childish thing to do. 
“I don’t think any less of you,” he responded with a chuckle. 
She swept her gaze away from him, peering back into the quarry. She missed her visits here. Which seemed stupid seeing as it was just a short drive from her home. She hadn’t been here once in the last four years. Funny, she could not help but think. What an odd thing to have such a sudden desire to be outdoors and free, the thought of being stuck inside her house suddenly squeezing her heart and lungs, making it difficult to breathe.  
The quarry resembled a steep granite staircase, leading down to open water below. Except that you could only catch glimpses of the water as drifting fog rolled across the surface where the summer heat hit the damp granite, warming it. The warmed air rose up out of the quarry giving the place an almost sauna-esque feel. Off to the right, a river poured into the quarry, creating a long waterfall that splashed far below. 
Melinda sat down, kicked off her flip-flops and dangled her feet over the edge of the quarry. Riley joined her, sitting so close he could have easily leaned in and nibbled on her ear. She didn’t know why that picture came into her mind but her cheeks flushed at the thought of him doing so. 
She turned to Riley. “So where are you visiting from?” 
“Portland… Oregon, not Maine.” 
She nodded, letting out a timid breath. She couldn’t think of anything else to say other than, “It’s like a little slice of paradise here. I’d forgotten how beautiful the quarry is in the summer.” Really! Boring small talk… he’s going to ditch you here for being so dull. 
“I can’t disagree,” Riley responded. “I think the view is stunning.” 
Melinda glanced in his direction and her cheeks turned even rosier when she realized he was looking directly at her when he spoke. Air suddenly seemed impossible to suck into her lungs. She let her bangs hide her face, hoping he could not see her reaction. A flurry of fiery tingles ran all over her skin, causing her to shudder. 
“You cold?”
“No. Fine,” she breathed out. “It’s actually kind of… hot… I don’t know why I shivered.” 
He grinned, wearing a look that said he knew why. 
“This place does have a tropical sort of feel to it.” He leaned onto his back, gazing up into the sky. “A person could come here and completely forget they were stuck on an island off the coast of Maine.”
“Do you feel stuck, being here on the Isle?”
“Thought I did.” 
She shoved her bangs behind her ear and twisted her body to peer down and toss him a questioning gaze. 
“I just mean, maybe it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.” 
“So you’re not just visiting?” 
“Nope. Not a tourist. My brother talked me into moving here with him. We just arrived a couple days ago. He’s a few years older than me, been wanting to move here for a couple years now. I wasn’t really into it myself, but now… I think my mind is changing.” 
Melinda leaned back, the sun making an appearance again, warming her skin. It was also an excuse to look away from Riley and find her breath. He wasn’t just a tourist. He was sticking around. She hoped her excitement over that fact wasn’t too obvious. 
It was just before noon she thought, squinting into the sky. Plenty of time to discover more about motorcycle man. And long before the moon rises and Charlie... she stopped herself, pushing the thought deeply into the recesses of her mind.   
“How old are you?” she asked him, distracting herself.  
“Just turned twenty-two a month ago.”
“Do you and your brother get along?”
“Sure, for the most part. He’s always on me about this and that, and basically getting my act together and growing up and being more serious, like him.” 
“Sounds familiar,” she replied dryly.
“You’ve got siblings too then?”
“Couple older brothers.” Well, maybe tomorrow only one brother that matters, she thought dreadfully. Another uncertainty she pushed out of her mind. 
Riley pulled himself up to his side, facing her. “So… will you bite my head off if I ask how old you are, Melinda?” 
She turned her head and stared at him as if debating the question. “Nah, I’m too comfortable for biting right now.” 
He pouted, waiting for an answer. 
“If you must know, I’m a mere baby of twenty-one.”  
“That’s hardly a mere baby.” There was a devilish innuendo in his tone. 
“Not what my brothers think.” Her thoughts added, not like I’ve given them reason to think otherwise the last few years… 
“Are you seeing anyone?” he blurted it out as if he’d just gotten up the nerve. His voice held a tinge of apprehension.  
She didn’t answer right away. Her throat clammed up. It wasn’t a question she’d been expecting. And did bad dates, steamy dreams or off limit vampires count? 
No. Definitely not. 
“I’m taking that’s a yes,” he said glumly.  
“Oh, sorry. Um. No. Actually that’s very big no.”
“Am I bringing up a bad subject?”
“Not really. It’s just kind of a loaded question. I’ve had a series of very disastrous dates.” She shook her head, unable to explain further. And did three dates in the last two years even count as a series? 
“Well, I’m sorry they went badly.” Riley didn’t sound sorry. “It’s their loss.” And my gain, Melinda could practically hear him add. 
She leaned down onto her back again, soaking in the sun, glad it had reappeared. She could not think up any response to what he’d said. Only that she really liked everything he said. Almost as if he knew every perfect thing to say to her. Everything she wanted to hear. 
Geesh. He probably says the same thing to every girl. 
Then why am I soaking it up like a sponge? Am I this desperate for male attention? Dang. Maybe I am… but he can’t be any worse than jerkface. 
Oh. My. God. Shut the heck up! 
This guy… Riley, is nothing like jerkface. 
Frustration mounted. Between still be worked up over the William dreams, she was falling way too easy for a complete stranger. 
She sucked in a restorative breath, letting her cares go with her exhale. You’re hanging out with a hot guy, lying in the sun… just shut up and enjoy it! 
Mists from the quarry lifted, leaving a moist layer on her face and neck. She let out a low, satisfied groan. “I miss the feel of the sun on my skin. I can’t remember the last time I did this.”  
“It’s been a sunny summer so far. You have fair skin though. You probably prefer the shade, huh?” 
“I actually really don’t.” She rolled onto her side to face him again. “I just haven’t seen much sun recently.” 
“You’re an odd girl,” he said, inching closer to her. “I don’t mean in a bad way,” he added quickly. “The way you talk, though, it’s like you just got out of prison or something.” 
She laughed. She couldn't help it. 
“Oh, man. Did you? I didn’t mean…” she put her hand over his mouth. 
“I’ve never been in prison, Riley.” Maybe a prison of my own design… 
He grabbed her hand before she could pull it away and held it in his own hand, stroking her fingers. She was glad right then that he was human and not a vampire like William. Although, as hard as her heart was pounding, she didn’t think he’d need extraordinary hearing to hear, see or feel the thudding against her chest.  
“I didn’t think you looked like the been in prison type. But I’d like to know all your secrets, Melinda, even if you were in prison.” 
She thought about that for a minute. Would he really want to know all her secrets? Being a witch came with a lot of responsibility. It also came with a lot of danger. She looked into Riley’s molasses eyes. She did not think he would mind a little danger. 
“What are you thinking right now?” he asked. “You just got this reckless sparkle in your eyes.” 
“Has anyone ever told you that you read people really well?” 
“Actually, I’ve been told that more than once. And more than once it’s gotten me into a bit of trouble.” 
“Really? Like what?” 
“Well, I’ve never been in prison, either, if that’s what you mean,” he raised his eyebrows humorously, allowing her hand to slide back to her side.
She bit her lip, trying to contain herself. Her previous bad dates, or jerkface, could not hold a candle to Riley. Not in looks or charm. Even if he was just filling her with crap. At least he was giving it some effort.    
It took everything she had not to reach out and stroke Riley’s face, or neck, or chest... Melinda let out an exasperated groan and jumped up onto her feet. He might be good to look at and charming, but he was still a total stranger, no matter how comfortable she felt around him.  
“There’s something else I haven’t done in a really long time,” she told him, a warning tone shooting at him.    
“And what would that be?” he asked, rolling onto his back, gazing up at her. 
Her body blocked the sun from stinging his eyes. It left a golden halo around her head. Fitting, he thought. An angel… 
How is it she’s not taken? 
Something dawned on him. Bad dates… some guy must have been a total jerk to her. 
How would this even be possible? Every part of her being shouted at him, would it be too much to ask if someone just loved me, for me? And for reasons he did not understand, this was all he wanted to do. 
She stared down at him, a vexing twinkle in her eyes. 
“Do you trust me?” There was menace in her tone. She stepped closer to the edge of the quarry. 
“Trust you? Hmm…” He got to his feet, facing her as if trying to read her thoughts. “I guess this means I do.” His voice inflected maybe, maybe not, but I’m game either way. 
“You’re probably going to want to take your clothes off then.” Melinda proceeded to peel off a sweater and lift her tank top over her head. 
“What are you doing?” he breathed out through puckered cheeks. Oh, wow! So perfectly curvy in all the right places… he wanted to reach out and slide his arms around her. Had to stop himself from acting on that thought. 
Melinda shot him a look that said undress already. 
“Okay, okay. Your wish, my command,” he surrendered hastily. 
A nervous pit expanded in her chest. What the heck am I doing? Standing half-naked next to a perfect stranger... yeah, this isn’t the stupidest thing you’ve ever done. She unbuttoned her jean shorts, slinking out of them, allowing them to slither down her legs to the ground. She swore she heard a hungry groan from Riley’s direction but didn’t dare look his way. If she did, she’d lose her nerve. 
Thank God, she’d at least worn a matching bra and panties set today. Bright pink, making her skin look the color of cream. She worked hard to keep her hands by her sides, rather than letting them enclose around herself. He’d already seen what she looked like. He either liked it, or didn’t. 
Dumb dumb dumb, she repeated to herself. I didn’t even suck in my pooch. Ugh… dreaming about this is so much easier. Melinda sucked in and thought, Screw it! I’m not doing anything like I would normally today. Her eye caught him staring at her… he was looking right at her, licking his lips like she looked… yummy. 
She jerked her head forward, worked-up-level threatening to boil her blood at any second. Accept this time, it wasn’t a dream. Motorcycle man was just a few feet away. Undressing. Because she’d asked him to. 
She didn’t know why she felt so comfortable and daring around Riley. Maybe it had nothing to do with him and everything to do with her. Still, she had a gut instinct that she could trust him. But that instinct had led her into the arms of jerkface… screw him. And that wasn’t her, just her under-utilized hormone levels that didn’t want to hold the title, virgin, any longer. Maybe she could just pretend jerkface didn’t happen. It hardly counted as real anyway. 
Regardless of her past choices, there was something different about Riley. She wondered how many naive women had said that same thing right before a serial killer took them and snuffed out their lives. 
Melinda didn’t want to lose her nerve. She moved to the edge of the quarry, her toes dangling precariously over the edge of the granite. She glanced over, unable to see the bottom as steam and fog rolled lazily across the surface. 
Riley stepped up alongside her, just a few inches away. 
Her gaze wandered to his nearly naked body. He wore just a pair of form fitting knit boxers. A sudden urge to reach out and stroke the tanned skin of his magnificently shaped chest nearly broke her balance, sending her plummeting over the granite cliff.
She sucked in a deep pocket of air and ordered him to take hold of her hand. 
“Um, why?” he asked, with slight trepidation. “You’re not going to do what I think you’re going to do, are you?” he backed away a few steps. 
“Are you afraid of heights?” 
“Not really, but, you can hardly see the water. How do you know what’s down there?”
“I could jump anywhere in this quarry with my eyes closed. Do you trust me?” she asked him again.  
Riley eyed her, his look one of uncertainty. Was this some test of bravery? Meant for him, or her? He supposed if this test were something she needed, he’d oblige. He rejoined her, standing so close that their bodies were practically touching.
Melinda had no idea where this newfound bravery was coming from, but she refused to question it. Adrenaline surged through her body and she didn’t want it to stop. It felt like she had been asleep for a very long time and had just awakened and remembered she had a life to live. 
“Take my hand,” she whispered with a hard swallow. 
He did so. 
Melinda jumped, taking Riley with her. 
She didn’t even know if he screamed on the way down. All she could hear was the rush of air flying by, and the waterfall crashing onto the water’s surface below. Cool water bit at her sun-warmed skin as she hit the surface. She plunged underneath, fully submerged, moments later kicking upward, her head popping out of the water. 
She’d lost her grip on motorcycle man. 
“Riley,” she called out. He didn’t answer and she couldn’t see him. 
Her heart raced, blood pumping through veins that had been sedentary for years, each pulse surging with an intoxicating rush she wanted to repeat. 
 She’d left the old Melinda Howard up on the ledge. She spun around in the water, looking for Riley to surface. Her heart thudded hard when she didn’t see him. Had she messed up? Had he been injured during the jump? 
It was difficult to see; the mist was thicker than she had expected. 
She gasped, suddenly grabbed from behind and spun around. Riley’s moist lips charged her own. The sting of the cold water and the rushing of blood through her veins was nothing to the electrifying thrum the touch of his lips shot through each nerve. All thought, all reason, dissolved into lips consuming each other. 
When Riley pulled away, his breath came out in a frantic push. “That was such a rush… I’ve never done anything like it before.” 
“The jump, or the kiss?” she asked breathlessly. 
He swam closer, looking like he was going to kiss her again.
Melinda’s willpower sank, and drowned. She wanted a lot more than another kiss. 
His eyes widened in surprised delight when she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra. She wiggled out of it, and it floated away with the churning whirlpools created by the waterfall. She left no question as to what she wanted. 
Riley got her message loud and clear. 
“Your wish is my command.” 
She swam backwards; he kept pace until she slowed down, granite sweeping across the bottom of her feet. She stopped when cool granite caressed her back. The water reached her chest, hiding most of her from the shoulders down.  
Riley grabbed the top of the granite wall, drawing his body closer to hers. His lips trailed down her cheek, her neck, nibbling on her ear. It was heavenly as she thought it would be. 
“I’ve never met anyone like you, Melinda.” 
“I bet you say that to all the girls.”    
“There haven’t been that many,” he returned. “But they were just that. Girls.” The way he said the word was like describing her as the epitome of womankind.  
Heavenly puffs of white steam enclosed around them.
His lips found hers again, but it wasn’t a full invasion. He seemed to be holding back. Or maybe he wasn’t, Melinda had no idea. She only knew she was falling hard. And fast. Too fast, she was certain most any sane person would say. 
Shoot. Shoot. Shoot. A surge of doubt swept through her. What am I doing?  
He pulled away gently, almost as if he sensed her tension. He was far too perceptive. 
“I feel like I’ve known you forever, Melinda. Like we were destined to meet. Wow, sorry,” he said with a hint of disbelief. “Even to me that sounded like a really lame pick up line.” He let out a frustrated chuckle. 
She recalled feeling the same way when she’d run into him the evening before. Like destiny had knocked on her door. “Well, since we’re being lame and cliché, you should know I don’t normally do this sort of thing. It’s so… not me.” 
“And not to meet, or beat, your cliché, but I usually do like to date, first,” he said. “If you want to stop, Melinda, we can. The truth is...” he let out a timid breath. “The truth is, from the moment I ran into you last night I haven’t stopped thinking about you. I don’t understand it exactly, but when I looked into your eyes they begged me to love you. To wrap you up in my arms and protect you. I’ve had an urge to do just that ever since and that’s not going to change if you want to slow down.” He looked directly into her eyes to be sure there was no doubt. 
She glanced down into the water and smirked.
“I didn’t say it would be easy to stop.” 
Riley was a stranger and yet she looked into his eyes and all doubt swept away. 
“I won’t ever do anything you don’t want me to,” he whispered, a slight tremble in his voice. “I want you to know you can trust me, Melinda. However long that takes.”
God, could he be anything but perfect? Could he say anything that wasn’t exactly what she wanted to hear? Warning bells should have sounded in her mind, but instead, they were drowned out the pulsing of her heart. Belief in what he was saying to her even if it was naïve. Erased and replaced by a need she had to have satisfied before she lost her mind. She was done not living her life anymore. Finished wasting away the days without taking a chance. A risk… everything required risk. It was time she took one without worrying about the consequences. 
“I want to take you out of the water, Melinda.” 
Excitement fizzled, her breath caught. 
She didn’t answer him right away. There’d still be steam hiding them from onlookers, but there would be nothing hiding her from Riley. He’d see every part of her. There would be no way to hide anything. 
“I may have given you the impression I’m a confident person, Riley, but I’m not,” she admitted painfully. “I don’t… it’s very… exposed.” 
“Then I’ll make you see why you should be confident.” 
“There you go again… saying every right thing. How do you do that?” She almost felt tears welling up. Seriously? Tears? He did call me hot. Forget the jerkface! He can take his adorable and shove it…
Riley shook his head. “It’s all you, Melinda. You make me say things, think things, I’ve never thought before. Never imagined saying to anyone before.” 
“Okay,” she whispered. “Take me out of…” he didn’t give her a chance to finish. He picked her up and carried her until they’d reached a granite surface he could sit her down on. Her feet dangled in the water. 
“How about a partial compromise?” he said with a naughty grin. “I’ll let you keep your toes in the water if you really want to.” 
She lifted her legs and wrapped them around him in reply. 
“Will you tell me if do something wrong? Or if you don’t like it, will you tell me to stop?” 
She nodded, unable to vocalize a yes. 
“I may come across as confident as well, Melinda, but if I’m to be completely honest, I haven’t done this a lot. And when I say a lot, I mean only once… I mean one girlfriend. We dated for over a year. Broke up. Months ago. And I can’t believe I’m talking about this.” Okay, you can shut the heck up now if you haven’t already ruined the moment. 
However, he felt Melinda melting into him. As if his admittance calmed her, was exactly what she needed to hear. Knowing Riley was inexperienced as she was, changed everything. And maybe he was lying… she didn’t care. His show of vulnerability broke down any barriers of doubt she might have had. 
Steam rose from the heat of the sun and the watery spray hitting the granite. The world disappeared, seeming to roll away with the mists. The only two people in existence were she and Riley, now lost to the world, blanketed by heavenly puffs of white. 

##
 
Melinda had no words. 
Why couldn’t she have met Riley months ago? Before she’d gone out with jerkface… 
“I had no idea it could be like this.” Riley beamed, unable to take his eyes off her. “You’re so beautiful, Melinda.”   
A strange feeling grew in the pit of her stomach, drowning the perfect bliss she’d been bathed in. What was it? 
Shame? Fear? Was it too much, too fast? 
Was she feeling guilty because part of what had drawn her into a stranger’s arms, was William? And now this stranger was suddenly claiming every part of her being for his own. For a moment, she had completely forgotten they were naked in a quarry. The rest of the world washed away. All her problems and concerns just vamoose…
So why did this pit suddenly open, threatening to swallow her whole. 
“I…” she didn’t know how to express her feelings. 
Riley got to his knees, bringing her up with him. He adjusted himself so they sat facing each other. 
“What just happened?” He tapped her head gently. He wasn’t angry or harsh, but curious. 
“Far too perceptive,” she said, lowering her head. “I’m letting old issues get into my brain, that’s all.”
“So… you’re okay with everything?” he grinned confidently, already knowing her answer. But she wanted to give him the affirmation he deserved. Melinda grabbed his lips in hers. No shame. No guilt. 
He grabbed her and slid across the granite, leaning against a wall and tucked her onto his lap. Sun shined down, warming them. Mist and steam still hid them from view. She placed her head on his chest, running circles with her fingers across his skin. 
“Thank you.” He didn’t respond. She looked up to a confused look on his face. “For caring about what I wanted. For asking, not pushing me. For not leaving me right away.” She tore her gaze away. She shouldn’t have said it. It was needy. Too serious. 
“Why would I leave you?” 
She shrugged. Old inhibitions returning. 
It took him a second, but he finally heard what she didn’t say. Thanks for not making it all about you. 
“Hey,” he picked up her chin. “Any guy who would treat you like that is an idiot who doesn’t deserve a minute of your thoughts. Especially thoughts that make you feel bad about yourself.” Which had happened, he expected. “You’re perfect, Melinda. No. Strike that. Perfect hardly cuts it. You are a queen.”
“There you go again, saying all the right things.”
“And there you go again making me say things I’ve never said to anyone, ever.”
She let out a nervous exhale and rested her head against him. “Riley.” She said it so timidly she wasn’t even sure he’d heard her. 
“Yeah.”
She raised her head to face him. “I, um…” she lost her nerve. 
“What?” he asked softly. 
She scrunched her nose, biting her lip. 
“Now you have me curious,” he said, nipping at her nose. 
Her cheeks got pink and she had to look away from him. 
“Okay, now I’m intrigued. You’re going to have to tell me.” 
“God, why is this so hard?” she let out. 
“Now, you’re just killing me. Do I have to force it out of you?” he teased.  
She sucked on her bottom lip and closed her eyes. “There was this guy. Well, I told you I went on a series of bad dates. But the last guy, I call him jerkface, he really took the cake and well… I was starting to think there was something wrong with me. So thank you for making me believe otherwise.” She sighed. “I wish I’d met you first. It would have been a much more pleasant memory.” Melinda could not believe she was telling him all this. 
“Maybe, considering our disastrous starts, we could just pretend our previous relationships didn’t happen? I know I’d like to forget about mine. You’re a much more pleasurable memory for me too.” 
Melinda grinned, resting her head against his chest. It was an appealing idea. 
Even if this did turn out to be a one night (or middle of the day) stand, it had been worth it. Her angst from all the William dreams was gone. Her worries and fears had flown into the wind. She wanted to wrap herself in this moment and remember how it felt, forever. 
Riley had given her everything she needed. Her eyes fluttered closed, feeling sleepy.
He let their bodies slide down onto the granite, bringing her head onto his chest. He stroked her hair, listening to her breaths slowing as she drifted off. 
Melinda trusted him enough to open up to him, but also sleep next to him, a total stranger. What had he ever done in his life to deserve such a magnificent creature? 
He despised whoever had treated her so poorly that she thought so little of herself. He’d be contented to spend the rest of his life making sure that never happened again. 



CHAPTER ELEVEN

Charlie sat behind the wheel of the jeep, driving, while Michael chatted on the phone with Mack, filling the sheriff in on the shapeshifter theory. William sat like a stone in the back seat, focused, deep in thought. He was also using his enhanced hearing and sight to track any unusual sounds or movement as they wound their way through narrow roads of White Pines National Park. 
“Hey, ask Mack if she happened to see Melinda while she was out today?” Charlie told Michael. He nodded and relayed the question. 
“No. Okay. We haven’t seen her since this morning and she left her phone at home. Emily went looking for her but she just called and said she didn’t find her. We’re getting a bit worried. K, thanks, Mack. See you in a few.”
“She seen her?”
“Nope.” 
“So help me, if something’s happened to her…”
William inched forward and touched his shoulder. “Focus on the task at hand, Charlie. Control your emotions.”  
Charlie nodded. William was right. He could not afford to lose control. But of all the days for Melinda to run off... 
“Here’s the turn,” Michael pointed out. 
Charlie pulled the jeep off the road and parked. “Mack said she’d meet us just over the hill.” 
“How is she planning to explain our arrival at a crime scene?” asked William. 
“It’s Mack, she’ll think up something,” said Michael.  
Just then, an exhaust backfired as a hefty cargo van pulled up alongside them. The man behind the wheel waved, smiled and kept driving up the road. 
“Police vehicle?” asked Michael. 
“I smell human food,” William noted. 
“Mack,” the brothers said simultaneously. 
Sure enough, as they approached the hill, they saw the driver get out and prop open a door, proceeding to set up a few tables. They heard Mack shout “Lunch” and watched as everyone at the crime scene eagerly made their way to the truck. As they gathered, Mack gave a short speech. 
“I just want to thank all of you for your hard work today. I know this hasn’t been an easy one. So let’s all take a much needed break, have some food, some coffee, and then we’ll get back at it, okay?” 
Mack walked to the other side of the van where Charlie, Michael and William waited just in the woods, out of sight. 
“Keep hidden as much as possible. You’ve safely got twenty, maybe thirty minutes. My guys get antsy to get back to work pretty quickly,” she added proudly.  
Charlie tossed her a half-hearted salute, and they headed toward the crime scene. They kept to the edges of the wood line until out of sight of Mack’s team. 
They saw the body, a bloody sheet wrapped over it. 
William suddenly gagged, a low hiss echoing in his throat, his fangs dropping. 
Horrified by his reaction he spun around, trying to hide it. But the brothers had already seen. “Too much blood,” he admitted, forcing his fangs to retract. 
“Maybe there’s more than one monster in the house that cannot handle his poison, after all,” Charlie mumbled sardonically.  
“I’ll go do a perimeter sweep and check the out-skirting areas,” William retorted flatly. 
“We’ll meet you back at the jeep,” Michael said as the vampire sped off in a daze, leaving behind a whirlwind of dried leaves and forest debris. “Does William seem a little off his game lately?”
“Have any of us been on our game lately?” Charlie countered. 
Michael could not argue the sentiment and supposed the vampire was allowed to have a bad day now and then, too. 
Charlie and Michael proceeded to creep around the crime scene, looking for anything the werewolf, and possible shapeshifter, might have left behind. 
“Why don’t I just do a death reading?” suggested Michael.
“I don’t know, it’s going to be a vicious thing to watch, and chances are you won’t see anything more than we already know.”
“Believe me! I don’t like the idea either but what if I can see something helpful? I think it’s worth trying. We’re running out of options. And time.”  
“Okay,” Charlie relented. “But if it gets too intense, just stop.” 
Michael sat next to the body and reached out his arm. He flexed his hand, preparing himself. 
Charlie didn’t like it. Michael’s ability could come in handy, but what a terrible magical inheritance. A witness to death. Sometimes he thought he understood how magic worked and sometimes he felt like he didn’t understand anything. His parents had always told him that magic worked in mysterious ways, and would provide the gifts it saw fit for the times ahead. And that those gifts could grow and change with time and need. 
Charlie himself had never been bestowed any extra magical gifts. He assumed this was due to the extra passenger he already carried, that somehow the wolf negated a need, or perhaps didn’t allow the space for anything extra. 
Michael touched the body.
Charlie tensed, watching his brother’s eyes rolling behind closed lids. 
The reading ended abruptly when Michael pulled his hand away from the body. 
“Too much?” asked Charlie. 
“No. Too little.” Michael furrowed his brow, perplexed.  
“What do you mean?”
“This guy didn’t die at the hands of a wolf. He died after being in a coma for a year. Just slipped away, peacefully.” 
“That doesn’t make any sense.” 
“No. It doesn’t.” Michael got up and paced for a minute. “I think this was a setup, Charlie.”
“Why do you say that?”
“The man was in the hospital when he died. I couldn’t see anyone else around. No family or friends. But I recognized his face.”
“Who was he?”
“A John Doe. Remember that tourist who fell off a cliff last summer? Was here alone and Mack couldn’t track down his identity, and no missing persons reports were ever filed.”
“This is him?”
“Yeah. He never woke up from the coma. Which means someone did this to him after he died. His face is so torn up, Mack wouldn’t have recognized him.”
“Damn it…” said Charlie, letting out a frustrated growl. “It’s a message for me. The alpha wolf wanted me to know he was here.”
Michael nodded. “I’d wager you’re right.”
Charlie didn’t know what to make of it other than, sadistic. “What if it wasn’t just a message, but a distraction?” The idea hit his mind forcefully. 
“That’s a disturbing thought.”
“Yeah. And probably wrong. But...” Charlie trailed off, a terrible feeling nagging at his insides.  
“I’ll go talk to Mack,” offered Michael. “You find William.” 
“Okay. Meet you at the jeep in a few.” 
Charlie found William already waiting by the jeep. 
“Anything?” the vampire asked. 
“Yeah we did, how about you?” 
“Nothing of any value. A few wolf hairs, but we already know a wolf was here.” 
“A wolf might have been here, but the body was dead before it was brought here.” Charlie went on, explaining what Michael had seen. 
“Interesting. A message telling you that he, the alpha wolf, is on the Isle, but possibly also a distraction, bringing us here. Away from what?”
“Melinda?” This was Charlie’s only concern. 
William’s face turned stoic, getting that deep in thought look. 
“I do not think so,” he said after a moment. 
“Can you be sure?”
The vampire hesitated in answering. He wanted to be correct, but he didn’t know if he could trust his instincts today. He felt off. And if he wasn’t so afraid to leave Charlie on his own, he’d be scouring the Isle searching for Melinda to be sure she was safe. 
Michael appeared. 
“Told Mack. No idea how she’s going to handle this one. But now that she knows what happened she can sort all that out. Did you find anything William?”
“No. And Charlie filled me in on your findings.”
“We were just discussing possible motives.” Charlie shifted on his feet. 
“If it was a distraction, and not just a message, you mean?” confirmed Michael.
“Yes. My thoughts were Melinda.”
“You think it’s keeping us out here and away from her?” Michael’s heart dropped to his stomach.  
Charlie puffed out his cheeks. “William doesn’t think so and I guess... I guess I don’t think that either. It wouldn’t make any sense. How would the wolf even be aware she wasn’t with us today?”
“Yeah, I don’t think that’s it either. But it would be awfully nice to figure out where the heck she is.” 
“Let’s just take a step back for a minute,” suggested Charlie. “The wolf left me a message, that much is clear. But… it didn’t kill someone to do it.”
“You think this alpha is not a killer?” suggested William.
“It attacked you, after trying to attack our father,” reminded Michael. “And from what I remember, it looked poised to kill when it bit you ten years ago.”
Charlie could not argue. “Obviously, there’s something we’re missing. Question right now is, do we continue into White Pines and the old tree, or just leave and get home?”
Michael opened his mouth but then closed it. After a second he said, “I’d still like to go.”
William agreed. “Yes. We should attempt to retrieve your mother’s body. If at all possible. I also think a thorough search of the area might be required just to be certain the something we might be missing in this scenario, isn’t somehow connected to the old tree. Or the power source.”
“You’re right, William. Let’s get moving.” Charlie got into the jeep, letting Michael drive. 
The sun dipped behind a cloud and the park suddenly appeared much darker than it should for being afternoon, and usually the brightest and warmest time of day. The old tree was at the edge of a riverbank, and as they drove closer, fog started to roll across the road. Michael stopped and parked.    
“Do you hear anything nearby, William?” Michael asked.  
William closed his eyes and allowed his ears to listen for any abnormal sounds. 
Birds, the river, fish jumping in the river, bugs and insects buzzing, and… footsteps.
“There is someone close,” he warned, trying to better tune into the sound. “Humming. A woman. I think just a hiker walking through.”
“Let’s go then,” decided Charlie. Michael and William followed. 
They approached the area apprehensively. 
“It’s too bad I couldn’t see or hear how Mom and Dad opened the tunnel,” Michael confided to Charlie and William.
“Can’t deny that would be helpful,” agreed Charlie. “But we’ll manage.” 
They came over the crest of a hill and stopped, searching the ravine below. 
To their right, jammed against the riverbank was the old tree. It stood no taller than the surrounding trees, but was easily twice as wide and had many roots that shot out of the ground, winding around the base. 
The embankment they stood on continued far to the left, dipping down into the river. 
“I remember coming here,” Charlie muttered. “I was so little. I think the last time we came here I couldn’t have been older than…”
“Eight,” William answered for him. “You were but eight years old. Michael was five, and Melinda was but a toddler of three.” He looked at them, then. “I have many fond memories of this place.” 
“It’s a shame they’ve been ruined now by bad ones,” said Charlie.
“Yes, well. Shall we?” William sauntered down, standing in front of the tree, investigating the tangled mess of roots. Charlie and Michael came up alongside him. 
“How will we get in?” Michael looked ready to start digging if necessary.  
“We will do as your parents did. Try one spell at a time. One attempt at a time. Until something works and the doorway opens.” 
They spent the next few minutes meandering around the area, looking for any obvious magical clues. Things that a non-magical person would mistake for an odd or ancient symbol, some kind of artwork, but again, they struck out. 
There was to be no easy way to get inside. 
In fact, there was nothing remotely magical or supernatural surrounding the tree at all. It just looked like an old tree with a mess of roots at the base. 
Michael took out his crystal, hoping against hope that it would at least point them in the right direction, pick up some secret magical spot, or energy… find something. He let the crystal spin in his hand, but it never stopped and never lit up. He frustratingly threw the crystal to the ground. 
William dashed and picked it up, gently placing it back in his hand. “Michael, if this is truly the doorway to the Isle’s power source, it will take more than a crystal to open this access such a place.”
“I didn’t really think it would be easy, it’s just, our mother’s bones are right inside that cave. And to stand here this close and not be able to get in…” 
“Maybe we are searching too close?” Charlie suggested, understanding his brother’s frustration. “Maybe we need to broaden our search a little. We should separate, do a quick probe of the area and meet back here in thirty minutes. We wanted to scour the place for signs of the alpha wolf anyway.” 
William was at first apprehensive about separating, but after a moment agreed, when the only sound he heard was the lady-hiker, humming. She had stopped somewhere nearby. “Be careful,” he reminded the brothers. 
“You too, William,” said Charlie. “There is a wolf out there.”
“I can handle myself. If you have forgotten, I’m toxic to wolves as well.” He let his fangs drop and chomped his teeth at them. The brothers rolled their eyes, but knew he was right. His bite would end the life of a werewolf in minutes. Very long agonizing minutes for the wolf. But wolves knew vampires could kill them and didn’t typically choose to pick a fight. 
They each took off and began combing the area in search of any clues. 
Michael took out his crystal and placed it in the center of his palm. He’d cast a spell on it to search for signs of magic. To seek out things like magical energy from spells used recently, or nearby. He stepped cautiously, letting it spin in his palm. It found nothing. This comforted his nerves only in the aspect that it didn’t appear any magic had been performed in the area recently, therefore, most likely it was coincidence that the alpha had been in White Pines. But it was maddening that it picked up nothing at all. Nothing that led him to believe this was really the location of the Isle’s power source. Surely, the crystal would be picking up some magical signal. But with each step, nothing. 
William dashed a great distance, covering a larger circumference around the brothers. But had no luck finding anything, and was pleased that he did not come across any scents he did not recognize as either animal, plant or human. No scent of a wolf. Nothing to indicate the alpha had come anywhere near the tree. At least, not in its wolf form. 
About fifteen minutes into his search, Charlie whipped his head around peering into the woods after hearing what sounded like an animal, growling. He sniffed into the air, but did not smell anything unusual. And when he saw or heard nothing else, he shook it off and continued. 
After a few more steps, he froze again. The crisp snap of a branch breaking somewhere close by cracked through the air. 
“Michael? William?” he called out in a loud whisper. There was no reply. It’s possible Michael could not hear him, but William would have. 
His eyes widened. A spot of what looked like gray fur moving between two trees. He sniffed, but didn’t smell a wolf. 
Flowers. He smelled flowers. Pine from the trees. Decaying brush and ground debris. 
Another movement.  
Charlie eyes narrowed in on the target, the wolf transforming him into a hunter now stalking his prey. He crouched, aiming his silver spheres into the woods, searching for the gray fur. A growl formed in his throat. He swallowed it, keeping silent. 
His head flicked to the side. Gray fur. Bending up and down as if leaning over and picking something up off the ground. Charlie crept forward, attention on his target. 
With each step, his head grew hazier, memory of what he hunted, fading. Legs faltered, knees buckled, and he fell to the ground. 
An intoxicating smell filled his nostrils, overwhelming all his wolf senses. The monster lurking inside him couldn’t care less about searching for the alpha. It wanted whatever made that smell. 
It took everything he had to get back onto his feet. He shook his head trying to remain coherent. There was something familiar about this scent. 
Never mind the smell. 
Find the wolf. 
But that smell… his mind argued. 
A growl flitted through his lips. He needed to find out what created that smell. He wanted more of it. 
The wolf. The wolf. The wolf. His human mind shouted somewhere deep in his brain. 
Gray fur, just in front of him. 
He lunged toward it, stopping himself just before landing on it. 
Just a gray fuzzy sweater, his human mind warned. 
The hiker. 
The hiker turned around. “Eva!” Charlie’s voice came out in a sinister growl. 
“Holy crap! Charlie Howard! You scared me half to death!”
Seeing a familiar face did not tame his wild side. His wolf senses tingled. He stepped closer, a menacing stance shouting silent threats at her. 
“What are you doing out here?” His demand was unkind.  
Eva stepped back, pointing apprehensively to a basket on the ground. “I’ve been collecting flower specimen for my father. What’s wrong with you, Charlie?” Her feet moved backwards in an attempt to put some space between them. But with each step she took back, he took one forward. 
“Why are you here?” he asked again, disbelieving her explanation about picking flowers. Silver slits bore into Eva’s wide hazel eyes, each look he cast a warning for her to tell the truth. She swallowed a stammered response he didn’t hear.  
The intoxicating smell filtered through his nostrils, seeping into his throat and nothing else mattered at that moment… he needed to find the source of the smell. He needed to possess whatever caused it. 
He crouched down and sniffed the flowers she’d been picking. He swept the basket away with his hand spilling out the contents within. He stood up, stalking closer to Eva. She backed into a tree, her eyes taking quick swipes to each side, looking for an escape. Charlie could hear her heart, strumming faster and faster.  
“They’re medicinal,” he heard Eva saying.  
Her voice sounded distant to him. 
He could only focus on the smell. 
Eva kept talking. “My father uses them to make herbal ointments, like the one I’m using to heal my leg.” She pointed at her still bandaged leg. 
Charlie cast his gaze down for just a moment. 
“I know they’re illegal to pick, but I didn’t think I’d be doing any real damage just picking a few,” Eva continued rambling. 
“Stop. Speaking.” Charlie ordered severely. He moved so close to Eva she had no chance of escape. His muscular frame towered over her.  
“What’s wrong with you, Charlie?” she asked him, her voice purposely soothing.  
Her sudden calmness sent a wave of awareness and clarity into his mind.  
“Don’t move, Eva,” he pleaded. 
He leaned his head against the tree just above her shoulder, the wolf and human sides of his brain in a battle for control. 
Eva reined in her satisfied smile. So far, her experiment was working perfectly. She seemed to have found the perfect dose to do her damage. To make Charlie Howard lose control. To free the wolf. When the moon rises tonight, I will own him. 
“It’s you. Same as the cave,” Charlie growled. The hunter returned, overpowering his human side. The smell winning the attention of his wolf. He stared into her eyes, blinking hard. 
“What the hell?” Her eyes weren’t a soft hazel any longer, more of a golden yellow. He shook his head again. Nothing looked right. Everything was blurry. Wrong. 
His wolf sight had never failed him before. It was like his sense of smell was the only thing working.    
Eva put her hand daringly onto his face, stroking his coarse whiskers. She didn’t worry about her eyes changing color. Charlie’s mind was so befuddled he’d never remember or think it real, later. 
Charlie grabbed her hand meaning to push it away, but instead tore the sleeve of her sweater and laved his tongue up her arm, needing to see if the taste of her was as intoxicating as the smell. 
She gasped, her body stiffening. 
He grinned wickedly. Good. Eva hadn’t expected that. 
What she hadn’t expected was her wolf’s reaction to the act. It had happened in the cave as well, her wolf wanted to come out and play. She was tempted to let it. No. Not yet. If he finds out too soon… it will ruin everything. 
Charlie had never experienced anything like it before. A complete loss of control. His actions taken in and taken over by just one desire. 
The tiniest bit of his human mind raced frantically, trying to regain the upper hand. 
If it was night and the moon risen, he knew without a doubt he would surrender to the wolf. It waited, just under his skin as if counting down to the moon rising. He would not be able to stop the transformation. 
Stop it? Why would I want to stop it? He’d never felt such need to allow the transformation to take place. To uncage the wolf.  
Charlie’s breath came out in deep pants, a feral snarl flitting through his parted lips. He tore the rest of the fuzzy sweater off Eva, leaving just a thin tank top to cover her. He forced her arms above her head, pinning them against the trunk of the tree. 
He leaned in, threatening to connect his teeth with her skin. He licked the lengthening canines pushing out his lips. Eva exhaled, a shudder of fright sending Charlie into a frenzy.
“You should be afraid of me…” His exposed teeth pinched across her neck. A sinister snarl plastered doom against her skin.  
Damn it! Eva held her breath. Too far…   
Charlie wanted to bite into her flesh. Needed to tear skin off her body and rip her to shreds. Maybe he should let her go… yes, let her think she can get away from me. Give her a few minutes head start. This thought excited the wolf.  
He loosened his grip and then changed his mind, tightening his grasp on her arms. 
Eva swallowed hard, but did not fight him. He’s about to rip my throat out. I should be fighting this. She was having all the wrong reactions to this experiment meant to test Charlie’s defenses. Not hers. 
She’d barely been able to get her yellow wolf eyes to change back to her human hazel. This test needed to end, now. It was an epic fail. When her wolf had surfaced just a little, in the cave, she’d not thought much of it. She’d almost told her father but decided against it. That might prove a fatal mistake now. 
Even with these thoughts swimming through her brain, her wolf had a mind of its own, betraying her. 
Charlie recognized this reaction. It wasn’t fear. 
So she likes it… he wanted to see the fear back in her eyes. A snarl swept through his teeth. His mouth widened in warning, his tongue caressing his teeth, his mouth watering just thinking of eating her. 
Eva closed her eyes, bracing for the bite. This isn’t going to end well. Stupid wolf, she berated her other half as it encouraged him. His tongue licked her skin from neck to cheek and she held her breath. Teeth clamped onto her shoulder. She was trapped unless she freed her wolf. She didn’t have enough strength to fight him off her in human form. Her human half screamed silently to beg him to stop, but the wolf egged him on. She’d never had her two halves want the opposite thing. 
His teeth tightened against her skin. He needed to taste her flesh. To have it on his tongue, in his teeth. Nothing else mattered. Just one, delicious bite…
“Charlie. Devin. Howard!” a hardened voice called out. 
It was William. 
Charlie ignored him. 
“You must stop!”
Charlie whipped his head to look at William and let out a savage growl. 
William rushed Charlie, slamming him to the ground. He reached down and grasped Charlie’s throat, threatening to choke him. 
“Do. Not. Make. Me. Hurt. You.” William spat out venomously. 
Charlie kicked and pulled at William’s arm, unable to free himself. His only thoughts revolved around killing Eva Jordan. Sinking his teeth, ravaging her milky skin with globs of red.  
He gnashed and chomped his teeth, aiming his bite at the vampire. If he didn’t calm down, and accidentally bit William, the vampire would be dead in minutes. This didn’t deter William from pinning Charlie to the ground, his icy grip holding firm around his neck. 
Michael appeared, out of breath. Holy crap. His eyes were wide with confused dread as he witnessed William nearly strangling Charlie, his brother in a rage. Michael’s eyes swept to Eva, her gaze frozen on Charlie. 
Michael could feel uncontrolled fury and need pouring out of his brother; he tried to ignore it and ran to check on Eva. “Are you okay?”
She nodded yes, looking only slightly bewildered. To Michael’s surprise, there was little fear in Eva’s emotions. The smallest bit of confusion over what happened. This baffled him for a moment until he realized what emotions were pouring out of her… desire... excitement. 
“Wow,” Michael uttered, trying to ignore his empathic ability. Any normal person would have, and should have, been frightened near to death.
“Get her out of here,” William demanded forcefully. 
Eva didn’t struggle when Michael grabbed hold of her arm and hastily departed the area. The farther away Michael took Eva Jordan, the more in control Charlie became. After just a minute of breathing Eva free air, a defeated, but normal looking Charlie Howard lay on the ground underneath William’s grasp. 
Upon seeing Charlie return, the vampire released his grip. 
Charlie turned over, trying to get up, but fell back to his knees in complete disgust. He remembered everything. Everything he’d done. Said. Felt. Wanted. Almost taken. 
“I nearly killed her, William. I wanted to kill her. If you hadn’t stopped me…” 
If William hadn’t gotten there when he did… 
If he hadn’t stopped him. 
At the very least, he would have bitten Eva, passing on his curse to her. 
He couldn’t even think about what he’d tried to do to William. 
Charlie thought he might be sick. 
William reached down and pulled Charlie off the ground, forcing him to stand and look at him, eye to eye. “I will not allow you to fail, Charlie. Do not give up now.” 
“What if it’s something you can’t stop, William? Whatever this was… is… I don’t even remotely pretend to understand, but I don’t think it had anything to do with the alpha. It felt more primal, like I happened upon something that triggered my wolf.”
Charlie turned away from William, fearing he’d see disappointment in the vampire’s eyes. “If it had been a full moon, William… I would not have been able to fight it. If something like this ever happens to me during a full moon, I won’t be able to control it. I will transform and I will kill someone. Many someone’s…”  
“Then we will do as we have always done,” insisted William, dashing in front of Charlie, to speak at him directly. “We will not stop until we find a solution.” 
“And what if the only solution is to kill me? Can you do it, William? Can you kill me?”
William closed his eyes and dared not think about it.
“You can’t let me hurt anyone.” Charlie’s voice sounded as though he’d already conceded that he was doomed. 
 “Let’s go home,” was all William replied. 

##

Michael waited anxiously in the jeep. He took a relieved breath when he saw Charlie and William exit the woods. His brother said nothing as he slid into the back seat. Michael threw a look at William, who tossed one back that said, not now. 
He started the jeep and headed toward home. His gaze drifted to the mirror, keeping an eye on Charlie as he drove. His brother looked defeated… deflated. Like he’d already lost the battle and condemned himself. 
He wasn’t paying attention to the road and hit a pothole, sending the jeep bouncing into the air. It landed with a hard thud. “Sorry,” apologized Michael. “We need new shocks.” The jolt released Charlie from his silent stupor. “You okay?”
Charlie nodded a weak yes. 
“Look, um, I don’t really get what happened out there, but we’ll figure it out, and deal with it.” Michael looked to William for back up, but he seemed far away, deep in thought. 
“What happened was I nearly killed Eva Jordan. No, not killed, more like ripped to shreds.” 
“Okay,” choked Michael.  
“It was some sort of smell,” Charlie explained. “Intoxicating, like a drug. A very bad drug, with very bad side effects.”
“Smell?” questioned William, joining the conversation. 
“I can’t even describe it other than completely overwhelming. It took over all control. I had none left. It happened when we were in the cave in Bloodsucker Bay as well.”
“Is that what happened?” asked Michael. He hadn’t brought it up again, although he had never seen his brother acting so strangely. 
“It wasn’t near as strong or as bad when it happened before, in the cave. But the same underlying feelings were all there. Just dampened. A lot.”  
“Perhaps this Eva Jordan’s body releases some sort of chemical that attracts your wolf?” William noted. 
“With the horrible side effect being I’m so attracted, I want to tear the skin off her body, piece by piece.” Charlie lifted his eyes in dark sarcasm.  
“Something of the sort,” William replied bleakly. 
Charlie did recall having a raging hard on, and had no idea if William or his brother had witnessed that, but didn’t bring it up, horrified by it. Horrified by what he’d wanted to do to her. What he did do to her. 
It wasn’t him. It didn’t even feel like his wolf. His wolf had never acted like that before, ever. His wolf was physically stronger than his human side. Less controlled. Frisky… it was definitely that. Hence his time with Nina, however, she had the power and strength to handle him.  
Most of what happened was getting hazy in his memory, like a dream slipping away after waking. But he remembered wanting to injure and kill. To bathe in pain and fear. 
“How was she, Michael?” he finally dared ask. “I don’t know how the heck I’m going to do it, but I need find some way to apologize.” Charlie shook his head and released a weary chuckle. “How the heck do you apologize to someone you threatened to tear to pieces?”
“Yeah, I don’t think they make any cards for that,” Michael jested lightly, attempting to brighten his brother’s outlook. “But actually, she was okay all things considered. A little freaked I think, but to her benefit, she handles crazy well. Kind of eerily well.” It was something he and Charlie had noticed when they’d met her in the cave, but Michael was beginning to wonder if there wasn’t something to Charlie’s distrust of her. His brother had felt something was off. Maybe there was. Then again, maybe she was just a little crazy. 
He shook his head, disbelieving he was once again being dragged into a sibling’s love life. Although, this situation was a bit different and much more complicated. 
He glanced through the mirror watching his brother’s face. “It’s actually too bad you want to kill her so badly, Charlie. Eva is…” Michael stopped, searching for the right words. “She’s very into you.” 
“Yeah. Too bad,” he uttered in dry disgust. 
Michael left out one little part. When he and Eva had gotten out of the woods, her emotions had just disappeared. He couldn’t get a read on them any longer. He wondered maybe if it was shock. Perhaps the reality of what had just happened hit her more appropriately… the excitement washed away by an overwhelming dose of fear. This was the only explanation he could imagine behind the cause of her emotional shutdown. Regardless of why, he didn’t want to burden his brother with this right now. He’d tell him later when things had calmed down. 
“Charlie, it dawns on me,” said William, from the front seat, “that we have never properly researched the subject of mating rituals between wolves, or werewolves.”
“Mating rituals?” Charlie repeated, awkwardly. 
“Yes. The smell that attracts you to Eva is obviously engaging your wolf. Perhaps this is because it sees her as a potential mate.”
“Do wolves eat their mates?” Michael asked. “I’ve never heard of that.” 
“Me either.” Charlie shifted uncomfortably, hoping they would move onto another topic. 
“I could be wrong,” William noted. “Perhaps your wolf senses something about Eva that you do not care for, and it sees her as a potential rival.” 
“Rival? Like she’s into women? Not men?” clarified Charlie. 
“That’s one option I guess. We must look at all possibilities,” William noted. 
Michael nodded. “She’s definitely into men.” 
Charlie knew that to be true as well. 
William shrugged. “It’s all conjecture. Something to look into, at least.” 
Charlie had a questioning look on his face, aimed at Michael. “What exactly did Eva…” 
“So not going there, Bro,” Michael cut him off. He shot him a knowing smile through the mirror. 
Charlie shifted in his seat again. Damn it! This was sick and wrong and needed to end already! He had much more important things to deal with. The alpha running loose on the Isle… his missing still unaccounted for sister… and a father to find! 
Charlie didn’t know how to feel about the Eva situation other than, why her? Of all the people in the world he’d come into contact with, why did she bring out this sort of reaction? And of all the places for her to be? In the middle of White Pines, precariously close to a crime scene, and the old tree. 
As horrified as he was by his actions, the nagging feeling in his gut would not relent. Something about her rubbed him the wrong way. His distrust of her had not changed, regardless of his actions today. 
He let out an exasperated groan. She was just a woman. Not even that big or tall of a woman. This was beyond messed up. He would need to find some way to apologize and make it up to her. If Eva would even ever face him again. She should probably press charges. He’d attacked her! He definitely deserved to be locked up for what he’d done. 
Charlie thought he might be sick for a minute and dropped his head, holding it in his hands in total disgust. His thoughts scrambled, unable to stay focused. He was everywhere and nowhere. 
The sun was beginning to drop down to the tops of the trees. Afternoon was ending and evening was approaching. The full moon rising was not far behind. 
The drive home seemed to take forever and when the jeep finally pulled into the Howard’s driveway, there was only one conclusion he could come to. 
“Michael, William,” he started.
“Yeah,” said Michael.
“When the moon rises tonight, I want you to lock me up.” 
“What?” 
“You heard what I said, Michael.” 
“You really think it’s that bad? That you might actually turn?”
Charlie could not speak the word aloud and just nodded a curt yes. 
Michael looked to William, hoping he would say that Charlie would be okay, as usual. He swallowed hard, his throat suddenly thick when the vampire did not. 
“I’ll make sure the room is ready, and secured, Charlie.” William slipped out of the jeep and into the house without another word.  
 

CHAPTER TWELVE

Sun peeked through the clouds heating the granite rock, warming Melinda’s skin as she lay on her stomach. Riley leaned alongside her, gently stroking her back with his fingers. 
Neither spoke, but simply basked in the peaceful bliss that surrounded them. Melinda’s life seemed miles away. She didn’t want to return to it, ever. 
She let out a low moan, feeling as though she were so relaxed she might melt into the granite and disappear. She could practically feel the grin on Riley’s face as he stopped stroking her skin and lay down next to her. She rolled onto her side and draped a leg over him, sleep wanting to claim her again. 
They’d already napped, awakened, and taken a swim to cool down. Only the water hadn’t cooled them in the least. Melinda could not get enough of him. Her motorcycle man was too easy to fall asleep next to. Or on top of. Or tangled with. 
Had it really only been a day? Not even a full day… she’d spent it with Riley, without a care, or concern. With a guy she’d just met. It was so not like her. But he made her feel unlike anything she’d ever experienced before. 
Except for in her dreams. 
She liked real. It was much more satisfying than dreams. 
Sleep reeled her in, at first, her mind a blissful empty space. 
And then quite suddenly she found herself awake, and no longer in the quarry. 
She was fully dressed and standing in the middle of a forest clearing. She spun around, unfamiliar with her surroundings. 
“What happened? Where am I?” 
She realized a prophetic dream had found her. She pouted and huffed. 
“Can’t I have one day off?” 
Her eyes widened, a firefly sized golden glow stealing her attention. It floated through the trees toward her. 
Melinda didn’t feel like she was dreaming. She didn’t look on like a stalker sneaking a peek into someone’s horrible demise. This was more like participating in the dream. “I am actually dreaming, right?” 
She was surprised when a voice replied to her question. “Yes, Melinda. You are.” 
Melinda gasped, the golden glow growing larger, taking on the shape of a person. The glow faded, leaving behind a woman... to say she was stunning would be an understatement. She dressed in white, which accentuated her smooth dark skin still bathed in a halo of the golden glow, casting serious eyes and a sympathetic bright smile at Melinda. 
“Are you talking to me?” she asked, astonished. 
The woman nodded yes. 
“I’ve never talked to anyone in my dreams before. I see things. People… but I never interact with them. I only watch like a silent observer.”  
“I had no choice but reach out to you in this manner, Melinda. But believe me when I say, your gifts will continue to grow with time, experience, and acceptance.”
“Acceptance?”
“Yes. Something you are finally doing.”
“Who are you?”  
“My name is Nina. And although I do know a lot about you, I’m here to help you save Charlie.” 
Shoot. Charlie… the pit in Melinda’s gut opened wide. Guilt consuming it. She hadn’t even thought of him all afternoon. Too wrapped up in her own little world of pleasures. 
Nina smiled, her grin turning into a majestic laugh. 
“What?” 
“Don’t feel guilty about how you spent your day, Melinda. It happened exactly as it was meant to. It opened you up, let your natural instincts take over, and allowed me to approach you in this manner.”
“Wait a minute, you’re a…” Melinda lost her breath, realizing what Nina was. “I can’t believe it!” She shook her head in disbelief. “Wait a minute though. Are you saying everything I did today was simply for this one moment to happen?” 
“Yes, and no.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Getting to this moment could have happened many different ways. The path was chosen by you. You were in control of your actions. But one way or another, you would have ended up right here, right now.”
“Oh. Okay.” Melinda still wasn’t sure she understood, but at least she’d actually had free will. She glanced at Nina suspiciously. Had she been watching them? Did her kind do that sort of thing? Surely, that was against the rules… 
 “Melinda, will you follow me?” Nina asked her, with a welcoming smile. “There’s something I need to show you.” 
She followed the woman and what seemed like a blink later, Melinda’s eyes popped open, this time for real. She sat up with a start, taking in her surroundings.  
“Right, lying naked in the quarry,” she mumbled under her breath. 
She looked down at Riley. This is going to get awkward fast… everything had been so perfect. And she was about to drive a stake into that perfection. She started searching for any sign of her underclothes, most likely lost to the waters in the quarry. 
Riley stirred, waking. He sat up, leaning on his arms. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, fine. Just a, um, weird dream.”  
He looked skeptical. “You seem panicked all of a sudden.” 
“You’re kind of freakishly perceptive,” she told him. Reminds me of Michael a little… She proceeded with her search. “Darn, still in the water.” She saw her bright pinks underthings floating far away. 
“You want me to jump in and grab’em for you?” 
“No time. I, um,” she sucked in nervously, “hate to bring an abrupt end to a really, really incredible day, but I…” What did she tell him? She needed an excuse to leave in such haste. 
“What’s going on?” He grabbed her shoulder gently. Her heart was thudding so hard he felt it against his palm. “Did I do something wrong?”  
“Oh no, Riley. It’s not that at all.”
Relief washed over him. 
“I just kind of, sort of, have a job I have to get to.” She tugged at her lip with her teeth, hoping he wouldn’t question further. 
“Oh, okay. No problem. I can have you back in town pretty fast.” 
“Sorry.” 
“Don’t be sorry. Jobs are jobs. You gotta do it.” He grinned, tossing a glance around the quarry. “This couldn’t last forever. Reality had to come slicing back in at some point.” He didn’t sound any more thrilled than she felt. 
“Yeah, exactly,” she agreed with a sigh. He helped her up, and they started the arduous climb to the top of the quarry. If she thought just lying around naked with him was exposed, it was nothing compared to the granite steps. And thank God they were cut like actual steps, or the journey to the top would have reached new levels of awkwardness. 
At the top, Melinda peeked over the edge, just to be sure they were still alone, and that their outer clothes were where they had left them. They were strewn about on the ground, just at the cliffs edge. 
“Thank God.” She scurried to get dressed. 
“Yeah, that would have been a pretty uncomfortable ride back into town,” he conceded. 
Riley tossed a helmet to her and they hopped onto the bike. “Where should I take you?”
“Harboring the Book,” she told him, wrapping her arms around his waist. “The bookstore in town,” she explained when his face went blank. She got the distinct impression that he’d never opened a book before. She rolled her eyes, bemused by his expression. “I’ll show you where it is.”  
“To the bookstore it is then.” He kick-started the engine and tossed her a quick smile. “Your wish is my command,” he called out, speeding them off toward town. 

##

“The sun’s going down, we still don’t know where Melinda is, and we are no closer to finding the alpha werewolf,” blasted Michael in frustration as they stood in the kitchen and hour later.
William glanced at Charlie. He was sitting at the kitchen counter, staring out the window watching what little sun remained near the base of the trees.
The Mack phone line rang loudly. Michael grabbed it. “Hey, Mack.” 
“We got a problem,” she told him. “Get down to the morgue. Bring Charlie. We found another body. This one definitely died today, and I’m pretty sure by the wolf.” 
Michael just groaned, shaking his head. “Okay, Mack. We’ll be right down. Hey… any Melinda sightings?” 
“You still haven’t found her?” 
“No. Emily searched through town but no one’s seen her.” 
“She’s gonna have to be on her own for now, Michael. I hate to say it, but we got bigger problems.” 
“See you in a minute.” Michael disconnected. 
“What happened?” asked Charlie. 
William answered. “No sign of Melinda and they found another body.”
Charlie sat with his elbows on the counter, resting his forehead on his hands. 
“Just this morning, everything was going so well,” he mumbled. “We found out Dad might still be alive. Melinda was in the best mood I’ve ever seen her in. You and Emily were walking around so happy it was making everyone else around you giddy, and I was…” he let the sentence dangle. He stood up and faced Michael and William. “How is it that in less than a day, everything can go so incredibly wrong? It’s like everything is just falling to pieces again. We haven’t even had time to sit down and make a plan of action as to how we’re going to track Dad!”
“I don’t know, Charlie. I don’t know,” said Michael. He was just glad he knew that Emily was safe and sound at her bookstore. She’d gone there to catch up on some work after searching unsuccessfully for Melinda. “Let’s just focus on one thing at a time, okay? Mack needs our help. There’s still time before you need to lock yourself up. C’mon.” 
“Yeah, you’re right, Michael. Let’s go.”
“Coming William?” Michael asked as they headed for the door. 
“I’ll leave this one to you. There are a few things I want to check into.” 
They left him to do his research and walked down the cobblestone street heading to the morgue. 
It was a tense walk, with no words passing between the brothers.

##

Melinda and Riley pulled up in front of the bookstore. The sun was already on its way down and she hoped that even though it was her day off, Emily would be inside.  
She got off the bike and handed Riley the helmet, turning to walk into the store. She had spent the very long ride back into town hoping that everything this woman named Nina had told her was true, and that she could save Charlie. Of course it’s true… look at the source! 
She stopped and spun back around. “Oh, um… sorry. Brain elsewhere.” She stepped back over to Riley, still sitting on his bike. He slipped off his helmet. 
“I can see that.” His eyes danced in amusement.  
“I really have to hurry, but, um,” she bit her lip. She dreaded this part. The moment of truth. A one day stand, or would she see him again? She steeled herself for whichever outcome, telling herself it didn’t matter. 
Riley got off his two-wheeled metal machine and removed his helmet, hanging it on the back of the seat. “I plan on being around later, if that’s what you’re wondering.” 
A look of relief spread across Melinda’s face. 
“You were afraid today might have been a one-time thing, weren’t you?” he teased. 
“The things you said… I loved every single word. But I thought maybe you were just saying them to...” she paused, hoping she wasn’t offending him. “I mean, it’s like you said every single thing I wanted to hear. Needed to hear. It was too perfect.”
“That is something I’ve never been called in my entire life.”
She blushed. 
“I meant every word I said, Melinda. I don’t know if I’ve ever been more honest about anything.” He gave his head a confounded shake. “You make me say such crazy things… I really don’t normally say this kind of stuff. I think you’ve bewitched me.”
She choked back a cough. She hadn’t. But would he still find her as bewitching once he discovered she really was a witch? Until then, she’d just consider herself lucky, and him, utterly perfect.
“So, you do want to see me again, right?” Riley looked unsure. 
Melinda answered by kissing him. He beamed, kissing her back, each touch of his lips relaying a message that he couldn’t wait to see her again, and didn’t want her to go. Each press, each tug, each pull brought her right back to the quarry. 
I should stop him. She didn’t. 
There was a serious job she needed to do. A brother that needed saving. 
Instead, hormones took over and she grabbed the back of his head, urging him not to stop. His mouth assaulted hers, his tongue tasting every nook and corner. 
Tourists walking by shot them dirty looks. 
Melinda forced herself to pull away. Reminding herself they were standing on a sidewalk. Words wouldn’t form, her breaths uneven and needy.  
“God damn. I didn’t think that could get any better…” Riley held her tight, unwilling to let go. They ignored the stares of the passersby. “Just imagine what they would’ve said if they’d seen us a few hours ago.” He cast a devilish grin and released her, striding back to his motorcycle. 
“I guess I’ll see you later,” Melinda said, a bit dazed. “Well, damn, I can’t tonight. Tonight is… bad,” she explained, disappointed she’d have to wait to see him again.  
Riley glanced up at the sunset, now turning the sky deep reds and yellows. 
“Tonight’s a bad night for me too. How about tomorrow? Say a late morning coffee at that café across the street? The Wicked Muddy. And maybe after, I’ll take you for another ride... on the bike,” he winked. 
Melinda’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat at the thought of seeing Riley again.
“I’ll take your speechlessness as a yes.” He wore a confident smirk. “God, I love your smile. It’s so… kissable.” He shook his head. “There I go again. Just can’t keep my inner voice quiet today.” 
Melinda skipped over and kissed him one more time. She couldn’t help it. “Tomorrow,” she whispered, pulling back. 
“Tomorrow seems weeks away.” He shrugged, disbelieving what he’d just said again. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Melinda.” He almost looked pained over leaving her. 
It sent a new surge of flutters raging through her. She’d never had that kind of effect on a guy before. She watched him speed away until he was out of sight, wishing she could have just gone with him.
“Ugh! Screw you and your sudden unbridled want want want!” she berated her uncontrolled hormones, loudly. 
A young man walking by lifted his brow as if ready to take her challenge. 
She gulped, eyes wide, her words choking in her throat. 
Brother to save! Get a move on… 
Was every guy on the Isle suddenly too hot for their own darn good? And suddenly interested in her? She turned and scurried into the bookstore. 
 “Emily!” she shouted expectantly. 
Emily, upon hearing Melinda, popped out from behind a bookshelf. 
Wonderful, loveable, predictable Emily… 
“You’re okay,” she declared, rushing to hug Melinda. 
“Um, yeah. I’m fine. Kind of great actually. Why?”
“Your brothers have been worried sick!” Emily explained. “Me too for that matter.” 
“Oh. Well. I did leave in a bit of a huff this morning. I was mad a Charlie but I’m over it now. They could’ve called me on my cell.”  
“Which you dropped in the kitchen,” Emily informed her. 
“Oh, dang. Sorry,” she squeaked. And like I would have answered… 
“Well, at least you’re okay.”  
“Yeah, I am…” she shook her head. “I am more than okay. But I’ll explain about that later. Charlie on the other hand, is not okay.” Melinda dragged Emily into a small office, shutting the door behind them. “But he will be okay if this plan goes right. Which it will.” 
“What’s going on?” Emily was thrown off by Melinda’s energetic confidence. 
Melinda gulped hard, clasping her hands together, smiling forcefully. All her teeth were showing and her shoulders lifted in a you’re not gonna like what I have say, manner. 
“Melinda... what’s going on?” Emily’s tone turned suspicious.   
“Emily, my dearest Emily... how do you feel about being captured by a werewolf?” 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Mack met the brothers at the door and motioned for them to come in. Her new deputy threw them an odd look, but said nothing. Mack took them into a temporary holding cell. 
“Exam room’s already full,” she explained, turning to Charlie. “I need to know if you can I.D. this body. This woman was a tourist. But I think you might have known her.” 
“What do you mean?” asked Charlie, confused. “I don’t really know any tourists.” Well, he knew a couple but few very well.  
Mack sucked in a breath and upon exhaling explained, “This woman was still alive when she was found. Her throat was cut open, but she mumbled out two names before she died. Charlie. Howard.” 
Who could it be? He rarely got friendly enough with any tourists for them to know him by name. Never mind to have his name someone’s final words… 
He gazed down at the body. A sliver of dark skin not covered by the sheet. 
Charlie tried to speak but stammered incoherently. He lunged forward tearing off the sheet. Nina’s lifeless and bloodied body lay on the table. 
“It can’t be…” How could this happen? He grasped the side of the table to keep from falling over. How could this have happened? To her… to Nina. She’s too strong for this. Protected by her ring. His chest squeezed, his heart corkscrewed into a knot, air impossible to get enough of.   
“Charlie,” Michael called out, realizing instantly that bringing him had been a mistake. 
Charlie didn’t respond. He just stared at the dead body on the table. “Her name,” he spoke with great effort, “is Nina.”
“Does she have a last name?” Mack asked kindly. “I need to notify next of kin.” 
“She doesn’t have a last name, and her kin will already know…” He gently touched Nina’s arm, stroking it fondly. “I’m so sorry.” He gazed into her empty eyes. He reached up and closed them, running his hand down her arm, lifting her cold hand, shakily caressing her fingers. 
“Who did this to you?” Who could have done this to you? You can’t be hurt like this.  
Michael huffed, confused. “What do you mean, her kin, Charlie? Who is she?” 
Charlie could not answer. 
Fury erupted inside him. 
He grabbed Nina’s other hand. She wasn’t wearing her ring, the ring that should have protected her from such an injury. Why would she not be wearing it? Why would she have removed it? 
He let go, backing away from the table. Chest heaving, a surge of emotion charging though him. 
He exhaled with a pained cry, hands reaching up to grasp the sides of his head, as if something was hurting him. A menacing echo forged into his thoughts. 
“Come and find me,” it growled. “I killed her, Charlie. I will kill everything you love, until you bow down to me.”
The alpha werewolf. It was in his mind. 
It had done this to Nina. 
It may not have killed the man left in the park the night before, but it was a killer. And it would pay for its crimes.  
Charlie responded by pounding his fists into the brick walls lining the inside of the cell, shouting violently as he did. The wall shattered upon impact, sending brick and stone flying across the room. 
“Get out!” Charlie spat at the walls. “Get out and lock the door!” 
Michael grabbed the sheriff and bounded outside of the cell, locking it.
“Just give in,” the alpha’s voice lamented in Charlie’s mind. “Give in and no one else will get hurt.”
Charlie fell to the floor, doubling over as the desire to let out the wolf sent him into a rage. He shouted horrifically, begging his body not to give in.
The alpha echoed in his head, again. 
“Just give in this one time,” its voice enticed. “You won’t ever have to fight it again.” 
Charlie could feel the moon’s pull almost tearing the wolf out of his unwilling skin. Breathe, he repeated. Just breathe. Ignore the voice. 
“I can still reach the body,” he heard Michael telling the sheriff. “Maybe it will tell us who we’re looking for.” Michael reached through the bars. 
“No!” Charlie warned in a pained voice. “You can’t read her, Michael.” Charlie’s face was red, blood vessels protruding from his skin. 
“Who the hell is she, Charlie?”
“A Guardian, Michael. Nina is a Guardian.” 
Michael pulled back his hand, in stunned awe. A Guardian… They were some of the most powerful beings in existence. Chances were it would do permanent brain damage if he tried to read her death. 
Charlie struggled to his feet. It took everything he had to do it. He held onto the bars and tried to explain. He struggled to find the right words, and when he spoke, it came out labored. 
“Nina is the woman I’ve been seeing every summer.”
Only Michael realized what he was talking about, and it made sense, at least from what Michael knew about Guardians. They wore a ring, which protected them from normal dangers. It also enhanced their strength and made their bodies impenetrable. Without the ring though… 
Michael sighed as it all fell into place.  
Charlie would have been able to be himself, completely, with a Guardian, unlike a human woman. He also realized why he had never gone into any real detail; the world of the Guardians was quite secretive. They rarely showed themselves to humans at all, and few outside the supernatural world even knew of their existence.  
“A little confused here,” Mack chimed in. 
“To be honest, Mack, I don’t think this woman had anything to do with the whole werewolf thing. Just wrong place wrong time. I’ll explain later.”
“What are we going to do about Charlie?” 
Charlie had slid down to the floor and was panting, heavily. 
“Do whatever you have to,” Charlie spoke hoarsely. “I’m not going to make it.” The wolf is winning…  
Out of nowhere, William materialized into the room, coming to an abrupt stop. “Actually,” he announced emphatically, “we have to let Charlie out of the cell.”

##

Melinda stood in front of the house in which the Guardian named Nina had been staying. She felt weird stepping into a house she had never been in before. 
“You did, sort of, technically meet her.” She slipped inside the house. Upon entering, she huffed out a burst of air. “Look at this place! How the heck am I going to find a ring in all this?” 
She tossed around blankets, pillows, and strewn about couch cushions, kicked an empty bottle of tequila out her way, and tried not to cut herself on a broken vase, while scouring the floor for Nina’s ring. 
“What the heck was she doing in here, anyway? I know this isn’t where she died.” 
Melinda stood up and closed her eyes, the realization hitting her. 
“Nina was Charlie’s summer fling… yuck… not a visualization I need right now.” 
She ran into the kitchen and washed her hands. Nina had known many things about Charlie. She’d known a lot about Melinda too. But now that she thought back, Nina’s knowledge of Charlie had an intimate edge to it. 
“C’mon,” Melinda scolded herself. “It’s here somewhere.” 
She opened every drawer and cupboard, looking for the black ring that Nina had told her she would need to save Charlie. After not finding it in the kitchen, she moved on to the bathroom and then the closets. 
“One room left,” she said, putting her hand on the doorknob to the bedroom. 
Melinda gasped after opening the door.
The black ring lay in the middle of the bed, on a sheet of perfect white. 
All Nina had told Melinda was that she had taken off the ring before she died and it needed to be given to Charlie. He needed to put it on his finger, and Nina had explained that Melinda would arrive at the exact moment Charlie needed the ring. 
Something bothered Melinda about the placement of the ring. 
“It’s like she was planning on dying…” an eerie sadness crept into her gut. 
Melinda did not pretend to understand. She reached down, scooping up the ring into the palm of her hand and raced out of the house to find the sun had set, and the moon was rising. 
She gulped, hard. “Nina said I would get there at the exact right moment.” 
Could a Guardian be wrong?
Melinda took off running. 
She knew exactly where she needed to go.  

##

“What do you mean, let him out?” asked Michael. 
“My thoughts exactly,” agreed the sheriff. 
“I have it on very good authority that we need to let him out,” William spoke decisively. 
“You can’t,” Charlie pleaded. “I’ll hurt someone. I might kill someone.” 
“Actually, Charlie, you’re going to lead us to the alpha.” 
“How?”
“By tuning into his thoughts, you can track him. Once you lead us there, we will kill him.”
“Do you think we can?” Michael dared keep a glimmer of hope. 
“Yes. I can.” Mack pulled three silver bullets out of her pocket. “Just get me a clear shot, and the alpha’s done for.” She looked nervously toward Charlie. 
“Just promise me, sheriff, that you won’t be afraid to use those on me if something goes wrong.” 
“You know I don’t want to, but you know I will.” 
“I don’t know about this,” Michael doubted. “What do you mean, good authority, William?” 
“Melinda.” 
“You saw her?” Charlie asked. 
“Did she have a dream?” Michael questioned. 
“She’s fine. No time for details.” William headed toward Charlie’s cell. “But I trust this plan, with complete certainty,” he claimed, looking Charlie in the eye. 
Something he heard in William’s definitive tone and determined face calmed him. Made him feel as though he could trust whatever plan was in motion. “What do I need to do?”
“Let the alpha into your mind.”
Charlie nodded apprehensively. He dragged himself back up, leaning his head onto the bars, opening his mind to the alpha’s thoughts. 
William motioned for Michael and Mack to back away. 
“What’s going on William?” Michael’s patience was wearing thin and the vampire clearly knew more than he was telling them. 
“This is Charlie’s final test,” William told them, which clarified nothing.  
Michael just stood looking dumbfounded, waiting for William to explain. He did not, instead giving Michael a warning. “You must prepare yourself. What you’re about to hear will be infuriating, but you must believe me when I promise that everything will be all right.” 
Michael looked about as ready to implode as Charlie did. It was unlike William to be so cryptic. That wasn’t true. But this was definitely extra cryptic even for him. 
Charlie gripped the bars of his cell like they were the only thing keeping his body from ripping into pieces. The alpha’s voice rang through his thoughts. It didn’t hurt if he didn’t fight it. 
“I will make you transform,” he heard the alpha sneer.
“No, you won’t,” Charlie panted. “But I am coming to kill you,” he warned defiantly. 
“To revenge your Guardian,” the alpha taunted. “She walked right up to me and didn’t even fight when I gutted her throat.” 
“I won’t let you hurt anyone else. I won’t allow you to control me.” 
The night sky brightened outside the window in Charlie’s cell. The moon was full and rising fast. He clutched his chest and cried out in anguish. “I will not turn!”  
“I thought it might come to this,” the alpha expressed, sounding bored. “So I found myself a little insurance.” 
Charlie heard a familiar voice, through the alpha’s mind. 
“Another easy target,” it snarled. “Found her wandering down a pathway you’ll now follow. If you refuse me, Charlie Howard, she dies.” 
He started to shake uncontrollably. Silver ravaged his eyes, sucking away any sign of his normal blue. His arms and legs thickened, tearing through his clothes. He let out a sound that was a mix of howling, growling and roaring, at the same time, grabbing the bars of the cell and pulling on them with great force. 
The iron broke in his hands like twigs. 
He lunged out of the cell, his chest heaving. 
“He’s taken Emily,” his voice rattled ferociously. His eyes looked venomous as he bounded out of the morgue. 
Michael just stared in awe, unable to move or put together a clear thought. 
“I know where Charlie is going,” William advised. 
“We’ll take my car.” Mack loaded the three bullets into her gun. 
“Michael,” William called out. 
Michael was in a numb haze. He felt William nudge him toward the door and his body begrudgingly moved.

##

Charlie raced out of the morgue and down a small alley to the back of the building, running into the woods. He sniffed the air, smelling for the alpha. 
“You can’t kill me,” it scoffed. “Not while you’re still holding onto your fear.”
“I don’t fear you,” Charlie’s thoughts screamed back at the alpha.  
“But you fear the wolf. And unless you become the wolf, you won’t be strong enough to kill me.” 
Charlie skidded to a stop. He knew the alpha was right. He wasn’t strong enough. He took a cleansing breath and spoke calmly. “I might die trying, but I won’t let you hurt Emily. Or anyone else.” He ran forward, deeper into the woods, stopping when he spotted movement ahead. He could see the alpha. Waiting for him. 
The alpha, in werewolf form, was much more menacing than the wolf that had bitten Charlie ten years ago. It stood over seven feet tall, its body slim and muscular. It reared its head upon seeing Charlie’s shadow emerging from the woods. 
It gnashed it jagged teeth, readying to battle. 
“Surrender yourself, or die!” it threatened. 
Charlie saw Emily tied to a tree just to the side of a small bonfire. He let out a primal cry as he sprang out of the woods. He assumed the alpha would expect him to stop and confront him, try to talk him out of all this, so instead he rushed forward, plowing his partially transformed body straight into the werewolf. 
Emily closed her eyes as a vicious fight erupted. Melinda had promised her everything would be fine, but seeing Charlie trying to fight this terrifying creature concerned her immensely. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Michael didn’t remember walking to, or getting into the sheriff’s car. 
He didn’t remember the ride. 
He did remember arriving, stopping, storming out of the car and confronting William. “What did you do?” he roared at the vampire. “Offer up Emily as bait?” 
William calmly put his hand on Michael’s shoulder. 
“I swear to you, Michael, that Emily will not be harmed.” 
“How can you know that? How can you be so calm? How could you allow this to happen?” 
William sighed. He’d expected nothing less of a response. 
Michael stuck his face right in front if William’s. “If anything happens to her, I will drive a stake through your heart, William. Without a second thought.”
“Michael, if anything happens to Emily, I will drive a stake through my own heart.” 
Michael backed down, saying no more. He turned and followed Mack. She had her gun cocked and ready to shoot, working down a pathway. He wanted to storm by her, but she motioned for him to stay put behind her. 
The smell of salt water wafted through the trees, followed by the flickering flames of a bonfire. 
When Michael, Mack and William stepped over a small ridge, they saw Charlie, still only partially transformed, crouching, as a fully transformed werewolf stared him down. There was blood dripping down Charlie’s arm as well as the alpha’s face. 
Michael paced and searched desperately for Emily. “Do you have a shot?” he asked Mack, too loudly. 
“Not yet,” she mumbled. “And stay put, would ya, Michael. I don’t need to worry about shootin’ you by accident!” 
The alpha swung his arm at Charlie’s head, missing it as Charlie ducked out of the way. 
“You know you want to give in,” the alpha jeered. “You want to kill me, I can feel it.” 
Charlie ignored the alpha’s taunts, focusing on his movements. He heard the others arrive but gave them no mind, unwilling to give the alpha the advantage of catching him off guard.  
William used his vampire senses and located Emily struggling to free herself. Within an instant, he dashed to her side, freed her, and delivered her safely into Michael’s arms. 
It happened so fast neither was sure what had just happened. 
“Michael,” she exhaled hard.  
“Are you okay?” he asked her, completely confounded.  
“Can’t say I’d like to do that again, but I’m fine. My God, Michael! You’re shaking something wicked.”
“I was so afraid something was going to happen to you.” 
She grabbed his face and looked into his eyes. “It’s all going to be okay, Michael. Melinda told me everything.” She smiled. “It’s going to better than okay. I mean, do you think I’d go along with such a hair-brained plan if I’d thought I was in any real danger? I just had to get Charlie here. Without an important enough reason, he wouldn’t have come. And everyone else he cared about was already busy.” 
Somehow, between all the chaos ensuing around them, Michael could see nothing but truth and confidence in Emily’s eyes. “Would you please tell me what the hell is going on?” he implored. “I am really, really confused.” His heart was about to explode out of his chest.  
“Just wait,” Emily replied, stroking his face to calm him. “Melinda should be here any minute now.” 
Back at the bonfire, the alpha werewolf and Charlie continued to stare each other down, taking turns running and attacking each other. Neither was making any real progress towards winning the battle. 
The alpha egged Charlie, hoping to force him into a full transformation, and therefore becoming Charlie’s master. 
Mack looked for her shot, but the alpha seemed to realize that staying in one place was a bad idea, and it continually charged out of her sight. She cautiously worked her way closer, sticking to the edge of the woods. 
“Why the crowd?” the alpha’s voice leaked into Charlie’s mind. “Why not come alone since you care about these humans so much?”  
“So they can witness me killing you,” Charlie told it, lunging forward. 
The alpha lunged to the right and Charlie’s body skidded across the dirt. He got to his hands and knees, preparing to lunge at the alpha again.  
“Did you think I would make it that easy for you?” the alpha’s voice raged in Charlie’s mind. 
“You’ve done the last damage you’ll ever do on The Demon Isle!” Charlie kept the alpha’s gaze on him, hoping he would not hear the click of the gun behind him. He bared his teeth at the alpha, taunting it to attack. 
A gunshot rang out, cracking through the nighttime silence.
Mack wasn’t fast enough. 
The alpha heard the click, too, leaning out of the way just as the bullet whizzed through its fur, missing contact with its body. 
The alpha turned on Mack, bolting toward her. With one swoop of its muscular arm, it hit Mack’s body, throwing her ten feet into the air. She came down with a thud, unconscious. The gun flew out of her hands, disappearing in the underbrush. 
Charlie took the advantage of the alpha’s distraction and flung his body at the alpha, but he wasn’t strong enough. Not while he was still partially in human form. The alpha pushed Charlie back, and in a split second bounded off the ground and pinned Charlie’s body to a tree. Charlie wanted to give in. It felt inevitable. He could not go on like this. 
It was time to make a choice: either surrender to the wolf, losing all freedom to a new master, or get killed trying to protect the ones he loved. 
He craved to surrender to the wolf. 
And yet, still refused. 
The alpha surprised Charlie by stepping back, letting go. “I don’t want to kill you,” it admitted dejectedly. “I want you to join me.”
“Why?” Charlie needed to know. “Why would you think I would want to live under your control? Why would I let you use my power to your advantage?” Charlie spoke as if reminding himself what he was hanging on for, just as much as he wanted to hear the alpha’s response. 
“You misunderstand,” the alpha’s thoughts echoed. “You would be my willing partner.”
“I will never be willing…”
“Once you surrender, your will is mine.” It snarled, turned and jumped into the woods. It stopped a few steps in. Charlie could see its piercing yellow eyes, taunting him to follow. 
“I know you won’t give up so easily. Maybe you can’t kill me, but let’s see if you can catch me.” The alpha ran deeper into the woods. 
Charlie sensed the alpha truly desired to get him alone, away from the people that he cared about… away from the anchors of his human life. 
It did not matter, Charlie would follow regardless. He had to kill this thing, somehow. 
Charlie cast a gaze toward William, Michael and Emily. They were helping Mack off the ground; she was conscious again and thankfully didn’t look injured, just shaken. He wished Melinda had been standing beside them; he wanted to look at her one last time. It was obvious now that he’d have to break his promise to her. Everything would not be okay. 
From behind them, over the ridge, a silhouette emerged.  
“Melinda…”  Charlie’s wish was granted, but before he could follow the alpha into the woods, Melinda ran past the others heading directly at him. She stopped, out of breath, opening up her palm. 
“Put it on.”  
He cocked his head, confused. Why did Melinda have Nina’s ring? 
Melinda took hold of his wolf-hair-covered hand and slipped the ring onto his finger. 
Calm and control jolted through him, spreading through his veins. It calmed the wolf instantly, and Charlie became Charlie again. The wolf disappeared, completely. He stared down at his body in bewilderment. Even his mind was calm and controlled. 
However, still confused. 
A golden glow emanated from the ring, expanding into the dark silhouette of a woman. She stood in front of Charlie wearing a regal smile.  
Melinda stepped back, standing next to William, Michael, Emily and Mack, all watching in electrified astonishment.  
Charlie fell to his knees. “Nina,” he whimpered, wrapping his arms around her waist, surprised he could touch her. She was dead, right? He rested his head on her stomach, exhausted and yet relieved to see her. “I’m so sorry you died because of me.” 
Nina beamed a heavenly, inviting smile, pulling Charlie up to his feet. 
“Dying for you was the most precious thing I have ever had the privilege to do. Everything that happened today happened exactly as it was supposed to, Charlie.” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“I didn’t just happen to vacation here. As Guardians, we don’t actually take vacations.” She raised her hand to his face. “Although, working here definitely had its perks.” She let her hand drop. “I’ve been watching you since you were bitten, Charlie.”
“How can I touch you?” He didn’t even know why he asked this. His brain was overloaded, but if she was dead, he didn’t understand how she was still here, talking to him. Ghosts could not do that. Perhaps she wasn’t really dead. 
“Guardian’s physical bodies do die,” explained Nina. “However, our spirit forms work differently than human bodies. Think of me as living energy, that sometimes inhabits a physical form.” She smirked. “We’re not exactly what you’d call human,” she revealed. “But that’s a story for another time.”   
Nina turned, facing everyone. 
“We are not all knowing or all powerful. Being familiar with foresight, you understand that the path forward is not always clear, but sometimes... sometimes it is.” She cast her regal gaze back at Charlie, then again toward the others. 
“Our most honored job is to keep the balance of power in the favor of good. We have not always succeeded, but we hope our actions today will ensure this balance remains, as we have foreseen battles on the horizon unlike anything you have ever witnessed before.” 
Her body glowed in golden light, and to look upon her felt both empowering and comforting. She turned back to Charlie. 
“This ring is yours. It belongs to you now. Never before has any mortal man been given such a gift.”
Charlie stared at the ring. “Why?” he pleaded, looking at Nina. “Why give up this ring, forfeiting your life for mine?”
“Because the wolf should not be a curse, it should be a gift to help you in the battles to come. As long as you wear this ring, the wolf will no longer be a threat to you, Charlie. The wolf will be ruled by you, and you alone. You will be free to transform at will. The moon will have no sway. The alpha will have no sway. You will never fear the wolf again.” 
Charlie looked with awed reverence at the ring and back up at Nina. “I still don’t understand why the Guardians would give this to me.” 
“Because of whom you are Charlie. Not just the wolf or the witch that resides in you, but because of your compassion, your love, and your ability to be selfless and yet lead with a firm hand. These will all be necessary in the battles to come if we are to succeed in keeping the balance of power on the side of good.” She paused, smiling brightly. “You have fought for so many years, never forsaking your responsibilities, never giving into the temptation or greed that the wolf’s power could have so easily given you.” 
“Why here? Why now?” 
“Because you have sacrificed enough to understand the need for the wolf to be controlled, and yet how the wolf can help you succeed.”
Charlie looked into Nina’s eyes with deep respect, but also apprehension. “What will happen to you?” 
Nina smiled majestically. A goddess in Charlie’s eyes. But she always had been. At least physically. Now in a spiritual manner as well. 
“I get to be reborn. My soul will get to live a human life, in a new physical body. I’ll experience things as humans do, and when that human life is over, I will be called into Guardianship again.” 
She stepped close to him, cupping his head in her hands. As she did, the golden glow engulfed both of their bodies, hiding them from view to the outside world.  
“Don’t dwell on my loss, Charlie. Live. Live fully and freely as you did with me.” 
Charlie could not speak. The love and gratitude he felt for Nina overwhelmed him beyond words. 
“I regret nothing,” she told him, laying her hand on his chest. 
He took her hand in his, holding it against his cheek. 
“It is time,” she sang encouragingly. Her lips pressed against his for just a moment, and she leaned into his ear. “Just let go, Charlie... give in to the wolf.” 
A low growl rumbled in Charlie’s chest and with his next blink, his bright blue eyes dazzled her with brilliant silver. His lips swept over Nina’s one last time, the thrill and exhilaration of total surrender passing through his body. 
Nina let go of Charlie, her eyes dancing playfully. 
“There’s my big bad wolf.” Her voice faded, her golden silhouette dissolving into the darkness. She was gone. Had sacrificed herself for Charlie.  
He gazed at the ring and looked into the wide-eyed faces of his friends and family. 
A devilish grin spread across his face. “Don’t follow me!” he warned. 
He looked up into the sky, his chest heaving in the anticipation of surrender. 
He outstretched his arms and bayed at the full moon; it transformed into a chilling howl as Charlie Howard surrendered to the wolf, for the first time completely shedding his human skin. 
With an explosive force that took but a second, Charlie Howard’s human body disappeared, morphing into something much larger, and stronger. He gnashed his teeth, peering at the moon, which no longer held any sway over him. It was just a moon. Nothing more. 
His skin was dark gray, his arms thick and muscular. His nails jagged and elongated.
Most importantly though, his mind was sharp and his own. All the power without the loss of control. 
His head dropped, his piercing silver gaze threatening the woods with its glare. He was going after the alpha. He let out a snarl, preparing to start his hunt. The alpha would not see another sunrise.  
He let out a roar, it echoed far and wide across the Isle, warning the alpha he was coming. He sprang on all fours into the woods, in pursuit of his prey. The alpha’s scent caught in his snout, fast. He followed, picking up speed. 
Not far in, another scent hit his nostrils. Eva Jordan… at first, he feared this scent might overpower him, but the ring did its job and protected Charlie from this danger. It was still a pleasant smell, but it no longer gave him the urge to kill her. His next thought, however, was Why do I smell Eva? 
He skidded to a stop as the woods came to a clearing. 
Eva’s house, near Mermaid Point.
He had never been here before, but he could tell she lived here. Her smell was everywhere. 
This is also where the alpha’s smell ended. It was here, hiding somewhere nearby. Was this woman a magnet for trouble? It followed her almost like death was stalking her. 
He snarled, casting his silver eyes into the darkness, searching for some sign of where the alpha was hiding, surprised it no longer spoke to his mind. Had it given up so easily? Or had the ring blocked this, too? Severing the connection between him and the alpha completely. 
He sauntered into Eva’s backyard, one muscular heave at a time. 
The alpha flew at Charlie out of nowhere, sinking its teeth into Charlie’s shoulder. The same shoulder it had bitten ten years prior. But this time Charlie fought back, taking a bite of his own. He tore at the alpha’s throat, sinking his knife-like teeth into its thick skin. 
Something seemed different. The alpha seemed crazed all of a sudden, as if it had decided to give up on controlling Charlie and just wanted him dead, instead of its partner.  
It charged Charlie again. 
He lunged at the alpha, their bodies colliding in midair. They fell to the ground with a thunderous crash. Charlie took the alpha into his muscular arms and threw him across the ground, slamming its body into a tree. The trunk cracked, and another crash followed when the tree thudded to the ground. 
A light came on at the back of the house. Charlie saw Eva looking through her screen door. Her eyes were wide with bewildered fear and awe upon witnessing the werewolves fighting in her yard. 
“Stay inside!” Charlie snapped at her. 
The alpha picked itself up, shaking itself off, thrashing its way toward Charlie, again. 
Charlie stood his ground this time, waiting until the alpha was just a few feet away, and jumped to the side, using his arm to cut down the alpha. Charlie’s sharp claws caught the skin of the alpha’s shoulder, digging in. It howled murderously as blood spurted from the wound. 
Charlie wasted no time, lunging on top of his downed prey. Its eyes looked crazed. Its arms and legs flailed, scratching, hitting and kicking. Its teeth chomped at Charlie’s body, but missed his skin. The alpha’s mouth opened up wide enough that Charlie could see all of its blood-covered teeth, including the one that was missing. The one it had left behind in Charlie’s shoulder.  
Charlie roared viciously and in one swift movement, ripped the alpha’s jaw in two, tearing it completely out of its body. One last final cry erupted and the alpha’s body went limp. 
He’d expected the body to revert to its human form once it had died, but it did not. Did he care? Not really… it was done. Finished. Over. 
He stood erect, howling into the night sky, basking in victory. Savoring his freedom. 
He closed his silver eyes, breathing calmly, reveling in complete elation. 
He had succeeded. 
There had been a price… the life of the Guardian. Nina. 
But he had killed the alpha. It wouldn’t hurt anyone ever again.
And now with the ring, he no longer needed to fear the wolf. He wouldn’t lose his family and they would not lose him. 
A cool breeze against his skin gave him a shiver. He opened his eyes remembering he was standing in Eva’s backyard. His eyes snaked down his naked body, human again; his elated fervor cooling as he darted behind a tree.  
“Charlie,” a voice called out faintly. “Is that you?”  
“Um… Eva, hi.” His head popped out to the side of the tree. “Yes, it’s me.” 
She held a flashlight in her hand. It shook a little. “What the heck is going on out here? I was crawling into bed and heard these crazy noises and then I saw…” 
“You know, Eva, when you hear strange noises, you should never investigate them. You should always run the other way.” He wondered why her instincts seemed to draw her closer to danger. 
“Yeah, well, it’s kind of hard to crawl into bed when it sounds like an animal is being tortured outside your window!”  
“Okay. Yeah. I can see your point.”
“Charlie, why don’t you come out from behind that tree? So I can see you.” 
He let out a flustered grunt. “Um… Eva, you don’t happen to have a coat, or blanket, or clothing of some kind.” He could practically see the grin spreading across her face, even from his hiding spot. 
“Charlie,” she said with an air of you are not going anywhere until you tell me what’s going on. 
“Look, Eva. I will explain everything. I promise.” 
“You’re not going to try to attack me again are you?” Her voice was teasingly distrustful. 
He gazed at the ring, shaking his head. “No, Eva. I swear that will never happen again. And if you give me the chance, I really want to make it up to you… but I sort of need some clothes first,” he pleaded. 
“Just stay put, I’ll be right back.” She sounded as though she was holding in fits of laughter. 
She returned with a tee shirt and sweat shorts, tossing them to Charlie. 
“So, you’re a werewolf,” she stated. “I could have guessed as much, but I wasn’t entirely sure.” 
“Um, yeah, I guess I am.”
“You guess?”
“It’s a long story, but yes, you’re right. I’m a werewolf.” 
After dressing, he stepped out to face her. The intoxicating smell still poured off Eva freely, and though he enjoyed it, the smell no longer held the same mesmerizing effect it had previously. He glanced at the ring, amazed and thankful. 
She noticed and questioned him about it. “New? I don’t recall seeing that before.”
“Just got it today.” He motioned for her to follow, taking her to the dead werewolf.
“Holy hugeness….” she let escape upon seeing the lifeless werewolf on her lawn. “Wow! It’s so…” 
“Dead,” said Charlie, kicking its leg. 
“I was thinking, gigantic and really, really terrifying.” 
Of course it would be. Charlie’s adrenaline was still surging. He should have been more cautious in showing her. Prepared her for what she was about to see. 
“Do you think I’m terrifying?” Charlie asked her, curiously. 
Eva shrugged. “I honestly don’t think you enjoy hurting people, Charlie. But if you were lying here dead on my lawn, looking like that…” she looked at him as if to say, sorry. 
“It’s okay, Eva. I don’t blame you, at all.” 
He continued to explain what had happened that night with the alpha, and how he had chased it through the woods tracking it to her yard. He did not go into great detail about Nina, only that he had been given a gift to help him control the wolf. 
She glanced at the ring. 
He just waved his hand; it was apparent it was the ring he spoke of. 
Eva daringly, but gently, ran her fingers across the ring with great admiration. She let go, biting her lower lip, as if unsure what to say next. 
“Look,” said Charlie. “What happened in the woods earlier today, I can’t even begin to apologize for that. But I can guarantee you it will never happen again.” His voice was steady and sure. “That said, I completely understand if you don’t trust me, Eva. I’ve given you little reason to. Just say the word and if we ever cross paths, I’ll go the other way.” 
She shifted her body, considering what he had said. 
“Considering that you saved me from a possible, horrific death via the dead monster lying in my backyard, and you did save me from drowning, I wouldn’t say you’re a lost cause… not completely.” 
He chuckled, impressed with her ability to move on from terrible events. Michael was right… she does recover freakishly fast… 
“Now, to figure out what to do with this thing…” He nodded toward the dead werewolf.
“Do you think it would be weird if I kept it?” she asked.  
“You want to keep it?”
“Well, not for me. For my dad. I think he’ll get a kick out of it. And who knows, maybe he’ll learn something new about werewolves.”
Charlie stared coolly at Eva. He supposed it would save Mack the trouble of taking care of it. And Michael respected her father’s research. 
“Just show me where you want me to put it... I mean, where you want the werewolf,” he clarified, clearing his throat. 
Eva just motioned with her finger to follow him.  
Charlie dragged the dead alpha’s body onto a cement floor at the back of her father’s laboratory, which was actually just the garage, renovated into a temporary lab.  
“Let me know if you guys find out anything of interest,” Charlie told her, with an exhausted breath. “Can’t help but be a little curious, seeing as the same blood runs in my own veins.” 
They walked outside again, standing under the starry night sky. 
“I guess I should probably get going,” he said. “I’m sure my family wants to know that I’m okay, and I’ll be sure to return the clothes.” He started for the road. 
“Eh, don’t worry about the clothes. They were left by a previous tenant and I was about to get rid of them anyway. Are you okay walking home? I can give you a ride.” 
“Thanks,” he said gratefully. “But I think I could use the walk.”
“Long night, huh?” Her eyes filled with some unsaid understanding. 
He returned with a half shrug, half nod. 
“I’ll see you around then,” she said. 
“Yeah, see you around, Eva.” 
“Night, Charlie.”   
He waved, jogging into the darkness. 
When Charlie was out of sight, the smile dropped from Eva’s face, turning into a scowl. She leaned over the dead werewolf’s body. 
“Thank you, Caleb. It was definitely fun catching up.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a tooth, throwing it onto his dead body. “You can have that back now…” 
Her father’s tall silhouette came up behind her. “I see your plans backfired a little.” 
“I nearly had him,” she spoke defiantly. “At least idiot Caleb came in handy. That stuff from the Bloodsucker Bay cave worked perfectly on him. Just a little bit and he went completely mad. Luckily, I had enough time to get back here, turn, and let him out before Charlie got here.”
“And he thinks he killed the alpha?” 
“Of course.” 
“And since I didn’t see you after,” said her father, “how did the smell test work today? Better than the cave?”
“Yes and no,” she answered, thinking back to her trip to White Pines. “It completely messed him up, drew him to me, no question. But it had a bad side effect or two.” 
“Explain,” he demanded tersely. 
“He wanted to kill me. More like, rip me to shreds.” She spoke as if it were no big thing. She left out the part where her wolf hadn’t minded Charlie’s actions. It wasn’t important. Like the cave incident, her father did not need to know. 
Her father sighed. “We need Charlie Howard under our control if our plan is to succeed, but I won’t do it at the cost of my daughter’s life.” 
“I don’t think it matters now anyway, Dad,” she spoke in frustration. “I let it wear off. I didn’t need him actually trying to kill me if he did transform. I injected myself with a small dose, like yesterday, just before he got here tonight, but it’s stopped working.” 
“Stopped working?”
“Charlie Howard seems to have inherited the ring of a Guardian,” she spoke shrewdly. 
Her father’s eyes perked up. 
“I know,” she said, agreeing with his unspoken response. “If we could get our hands on that ring… and Charlie Howard…”
“There’s no chance we would fail.” A malicious grin settled on his face. “The only problem is how will we get the ring? And how will you become his alpha if he’s got that ring on his finger?”  
Eva smirked, her eyes cruel. “Charlie thinks he killed the alpha tonight. His guard will be down. Don’t worry, Dad. Before I’m finished, Charlie Howard will be completely under my control.” 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Michael pulled the jeep into the driveway. His mind reeled with constantly shifting emotions: awe over watching his brother transform into a werewolf. Amazement over the fact that Charlie was sleeping with a Guardian who willingly sacrificed her life for him. Relief that Charlie would be okay and equally relieved that Emily was safe. Confusion over how exactly Melinda knew what was going to happen and concern over where she had disappeared to all day, and finally… William. Michael groaned as he thought the name. 
He couldn’t keep his eyes off Emily sitting in the backseat next to Melinda. They had been whispering and giggling the entire drive home; as if everything that occurred had made perfect sense… or was it something else? Melinda’s feelings were changing as quickly and as often as his own were. Maybe he was misreading her. 
William had not spoken and neither had Michael. He let his sister and Emily pass by him into the house, but reached out to stop William. 
“I’m sorry,” Michael stated. “I’m sorry for what I said earlier. I…” he didn’t know what else to say. Words didn’t seem to cover it.
“I understand. There’s no need for an apology, Michael.”
“Yes. There is, William. You’ve always been there for us, no matter what. You are… ridiculously patient. I totally lost it.” 
“You’re human, Michael. If I were still human, I would have felt the same. I am a vampire. I still feel emotions, but they don’t control me so easily. I would have expected no different a reaction from you.”
“I threatened to stake you,” Michael droned. 
William raised a brow, unconcerned.  
“I just need you to know that I’m sorry.”
“If you need to hear it, apology accepted. You love her. It is obvious that you cannot live without her.” 
“I don’t think I realized how much I loved her until tonight. The thought of losing her…”
“Nearly drove you to madness. It is not such a bad thing, Michael, to love so wholeheartedly.”  
“Thank you, William. I don’t think we say it enough. I don’t say it enough. Thank you,” he repeated. 
“I will always be here, for as long as you’ll keep me.” William turned to head inside. 
Michael felt lighter now that he’d apologized. His thoughts turned to his next biggest concern. “Do you think Charlie is okay? It feels weird to just leave him out there.”
“I believe Charlie is fine,” answered William. “I’d wager more than fine.” 
“You sure we shouldn’t go after him?” 
“It’s his first night trying out his new form. I think he deserves a little time. And if it is the alpha you’re worried about… the ring won’t let anything life threatening happen. Remember, Charlie is protected now.” 
Michael nodded as they stepped into the kitchen, where Melinda and Emily were making plans. 
“Okay, so tomorrow morning, right when they open. We’ll find you the perfect outfit.” 
“Thanks, Emily. Really appreciate your help.” 
“Are you kidding? About time we went on a shopping spree together.”
“Shopping?” questioned Michael. “What’s the occasion?” 
Melinda shrugged. “Just feel like my clothes are a little outdated. Time for something new.” She bit her lip in hopes of keeping her feelings to herself, so Michael wouldn’t sense what she was actually feeling. She wanted to keep Riley to herself, for now. 
Emily gave Melinda a look that only the two of them understood. 
“I will be in my study,” William told them. His face was blank and his emotions impossible to read. 
“Oh, but first,” Melinda started with a wild look in her eye. “We haven’t talked about Charlie yet! Wasn’t that just the coolest? He was Charlie one second and then like, boom, a full on massively scary werewolf.” 
Michael just laughed at his sister. 
Even William seemed to lighten up and could not help but turn the corner of his mouth into a smile. 
“That must have felt so… freeing,” she expressed, finally for the first time understanding the meaning of the word. Her favorite word of the day. And a feeling she wanted to get better acquainted with herself... she wished tomorrow would arrive faster. A giddy relief poured out of her as she thought about seeing Riley again. “Charlie doesn’t have to struggle anymore… this day has been so...” she could not find the right word to describe it all. It had gone from good to terrible, to really awesome to terrible and then beyond incredible... she couldn’t find a word that did it justice.  
Michael could not keep track of all the emotions floating around the room but the happiness his sister felt was infectious. 
“And what about the Guardian?” Emily brought up. 
“Oh my God! Nina was so regal and compassionate, and good,” Melinda spoke reverently. “And well, let’s face it. Pretty attractive!”
“I also found her to be a most resilient and beautiful woman,” William admitted in a pleasant tone. 
“She came to me, in a dream,” said Melinda, her tone more serious. “Told me everything.” She explained this mostly for Michael’s benefit since she’d already told this to William and Emily. “Nina knew years ago she would die today. She was so brave. I don’t think I would want to know when I’m going to die. I could certainly never live out my final moments with Nina’s grace or bravery.” 
The room went quiet; as if each were paying a silent respect for the lost Guardian, whose bravery saved Charlie from a terrible fate. 
“Well, I don’t know about you,” said Emily after a minute, “but I’m beat, and I should probably get home and check in on Dad.”
“I’ll take you,” offered Michael. He did not relish the idea of Emily leaving his sight. 
“See you in the morning,” Emily winked at Melinda. 
She replied by grinning and rubbing her hands together in nervous anticipation. After seeing them off she turned around to find the kitchen empty. 
She sauntered into William’s study. 
“Are you okay, William?”  
“I am fine. Why do you ask?”
“You just seem off. For you.”
“Are you sure you’re not getting your brother’s empathic abilities?”
“I’m sure,” she retorted. “Besides, they don’t work on vampires,” she retorted. 
There was something different about her tonight. A new confidence in her smile. It was most appealing to him.  
When he did not reply, she stepped closer. “C’mon, William. I can tell something is bothering you. I may not be empathic, and you may not express your emotions in a human way, but I know you… is this about what Michael said to you? You know how sorry he is about that, right?” She missed talking openly with William. This felt more like them. As they used to be before she’d gone all awkward on him. 
“I’m not worried about Michael. He was impassioned by the moment. My fear is what Nina, the Guardian, spoke of… the battles to come. If the Guardians chose to give Charlie that ring, it means they fear the balance of good and evil may shift towards evil.”
He stopped for a moment in need of the right words. 
“The truth is, as Michael feared losing Emily, I fear losing each of you. And even as a vampire, my emotions do sometimes overwhelm me.” 
Melinda walked up to William and put her hand on his face, daringly, lovingly, without questioning the choice to do so. His arm darted up to stop her, but dropped. Her warm fingers against his cool skin felt too pleasant to force them away.  
“You won’t lose any of us. I know how deeply you love, William. I saw it every day when my parents were alive, and I see it every day now, with us. You mean everything to us. You mean everything to me.” 
Her words melted over him. The shouldn’t have, but they did. 
He reached up fervently grasping her hand, bringing it to his lips. 
Melinda shuddered, losing all ability to breathe, speak or think clearly. She’d never felt such an intense feeling over a simple act. The sensation raining down her arm was just like in her dream of him. 
She’d forgotten all about her fiery dream until just then. Riley had pushed it far out of her mind. It forged back into her thoughts as if her day with Riley hadn’t even happened. 
Riley? Riley who?  
She didn’t understand how she could feel like this. Just minutes before she’d been begging the hours to speed up so she could see Riley again, and now the only thing she could think about was William’s touch. And how much more she wanted of it. 
His eyes closed, his lips parted, still holding her fingers hostage. He could not force himself to let go. 
She couldn’t stop the dreams from replaying in her mind. Each tempting scene unraveling. Begging her to lean in closer. To taste his mouth with her lips. Every impulse, every nerve pleaded for her to do it.  
Her heart fluttered, the same way it had just a day before. The same way it always fluttered when she got worked up over William. 
The vampire’s reaction was instant. His eyes flew open wide, a look of shock washing over his features. He dropped her hand and before Melinda could blink she was alone on the study. 
She stood speechless, breathless, and unsure how to respond. William had never touched her like that before. He hadn’t touched her in any manner, for months. She didn’t understand why his actions towards her had changed all those months ago. All she could think was that she’d done something to upset him. Or that he just didn’t enjoy spending time with her anymore. That he’d grown tired of her flirtatious playing… but that had all been before the dreams had started. 
“Oh who am I kidding?” Melinda blathered. “I’m in love with two men. One a total stranger and the other a vampire I can’t have. I’m a complete idiot!” 
She wandered into the kitchen and poured herself a glass of merlot. She turned to go to her bedroom and spun back around, grabbing the bottle. “Time for a hot bath and all of this bottle…”    
Today had been too weird. No, weird didn’t even begin to cover it. 
It had been a rollercoaster. And whatever this thing was with William, it didn’t change the fact that he was off limits... romance wise. 
Wasn’t he? She wasn’t so sure just now. 
And why now? Why not before this morning? 
Before she’d met Riley. Perfect, say everything I need to hear, Riley.
She ran her bath, adding bubbles. She absolutely had to have lots of bubbles tonight. She got in, one foot at a time as the water was steaming hot. The water and the wine didn’t do much to clear her head. Nothing made any sense. How could she possibly want two very different guys at the same time? She downed a deep chug of her wine. 
William was… William! Adoring, handsome, and her best friend. Someone she trusted with her life, and her heart. Someone she could be open with, until these last weeks since her dreams had started at least. Her crush changing to something more had ruined that. She could see it now. She had changed the dynamic of their relationship, not William. He was pushing her away. Because it could not be. Ever. No matter her dreams. No matter what had happened tonight.
And then there was Riley. He was not off limits, and quite willing and eager. There was already a deep connection between them considering they’d only known each other for a day. He brought out a side of her she’d hidden away for far too long. And she liked it. She liked how she felt with him. That he made her feel like a queen.  
Her mother’s last words rattled Melinda’s brain. It was like she had seen this coming. Somehow known her daughter would fall in love with two men.
She could only have one, and William was off limits, no matter what had happened between them earlier. And she was certain if he knew Riley, he’d agree with her choice. 
But if she had the option to choose between them, would Riley be the man she’d give her heart to? If not, was that fair to Riley, to be her consolation prize? Would it be fair to any man? Or to her? 
If William was the love of her life, would any man be able to make her happy? In the end, was she doomed to a life of wishing she was with William? 
Melinda sank into the water with a whimper. 
This might just be a two bottle of wine night.   

##

William didn’t stop until at the outskirts of The Demon Isle. He thought for a moment of leaving. Without any explanation or goodbye. It was too dangerous for him to return. 
Why had he kissed Melinda’s hand? It seemed so simple and innocent. In that fleeting moment, he had given in. Without a thought or care. She’d needled her way inside his lifeless heart without any effort. 
He’d kept his distance, tried to keep their friendship as it had always been. Not because she’d done anything to make him think she actually had feelings for him, but something had changed. He could feel it. Sense it when she was near. And he enjoyed it too much. The little thoughts wrapping around his brain. Tugging at the emptiness he carried inside. Little delights he took in the possibility she did… did what? Loved him? 
How could she? 
It was a childish crush and nothing more. 
This is what he’d thought until he’d kissed her hand and let his guard down. Allowing Melinda to engulf his senses. He’d accidentally slipped into her mind. Something that required an intimate connection, which he hadn’t allowed to take place in a hundred years. 
In doing so, he witnessed her thoughts. The thoughts playing out in her mind. Melinda’s reaction to him shattering all his defenses. The sights, the sounds, emblazoned in his mind. Waking cravings that had slept for too long now. 
Too long to allow them to wake up and take control of him. 
And then he’d heard that heart flutter, the one driving him mad for days. And realized with the utmost clarity and certainty that he was the cause of it. 
He delighted in the fact he was responsible for that flutter. 
Confirmation of her true feelings… 
And then he’d left. Left her alone without explanation.  
He would not allow it to go any further. Even if it meant giving up his life on The Demon Isle. 
Catherine Howard’s final words haunted him. He refused to allow them to fill his thoughts and pretended she’d never said it. He could not do what she asked. Ever. 
He’d made a promise to protect the Howard Witches. Long ago. 
But he’d made a second promise as well, to never fall in love with another human. 
To protect the Howards, he might have to leave the Isle. 
“I am a vampire. I cannot love Melinda Howard.” 
It’s too late his dead heart echoed. 
“Then I will love from afar,” he proclaimed. 

##

Before going home, there was one stop Charlie wanted to make. He stood in front of Nina’s house. He wanted to miss her, to mourn her, but he felt nothing but devout gratefulness. He looked at his finger, now adorned by the black ring. He looked up at the full moon, no longer fearing its rise. 
Nina. 
The Guardian he’d been seeing for three summers. 
The Guardian that had given him physical release had now saved his life. 
He recalled their first meeting like it was yesterday. 
Nina had walked right up to him and kissed him. She hadn’t even introduced herself. He was standing on this same beach, late at night. Worked up. Full moon just days away. Bottle of tequila four shots down… worried about his sister. His brother. Missing his parents. Unsure he was able to do his job well enough to keep them all alive. 
They spent the rest of that night on the beach, and many other nights that summer. He chuckled at the memory. She might have been a Guardian watching out for him and not actually on vacation, but they’d had a lot of fun while she did. He would definitely miss her. 
Damp stung at his eyes. He did love Nina. 
He wasn’t in love with her, she wasn’t the settling down type and he wasn’t ready for that yet either. Although he’d never been able to think like that. Too afraid he might bite a woman and turn her into a werewolf. 
He felt obligated to settle down a start a family. It was his job to do so and carry on the Howard line. He peered at the ring… he knew so little about it. Would it really protect him? Keep him from getting hurt, or from hurting anyone else?  
Footsteps approached. He turned to see who it was. “Michael, hey.” He was surprised to see his brother. 
“Everything okay?” he asked with a bemused smile. “Melinda told me where this place was. I assumed you might come here.” 
Charlie nodded. “Alpha’s dead,” he said matter-of-factly.  
“I can’t imagine how that must feel.” 
“It’s like I’m breathing as a free man for the first time in ten years.” 
Michael patted him on the shoulder. “I have tried to imagine you transforming before, but to actually see it, I have to say it was pretty insane.” He paused before asking, “What’s it like?”
Charlie thought for a moment before replying. 
“It’s like… giving in to every primal instinct. Giving in to every desire you’ve ever had. Every urge. Without a single fear of the consequence.” 
They stood in silence for a moment. The only sound, the crashing of waves against the shore. 
“You know, in some ways, Michael, I’ve been hiding myself away, just the same as Melinda did. I was so afraid I might hurt someone, or find something meaningful and have to give it up... I guess I’d let the wolf win a long time ago.” Charlie looked at the ring again. “What Nina gave me today, I only hope I can prove myself worthy to own.” He paused before continuing. “It’s what set me off at the morgue, seeing the ring missing from her finger.”
Michael waited for him to explain. 
“Nina told me that a Guardian’s ring can only be taken off voluntarily. Built in safety measure. When I saw it missing, I knew she had for some reason, taken it off. I just couldn’t imagine what that reason could be.” 
“I guess she thought it was for a good cause,” Michael comforted, his tone sympathetic. “I’ll leave you alone. Just wanted to make sure you were still alive and kicking. See you at home, Charlie.”  
He nodded with a humbled exhale. “I won’t be far behind.” 
Michael left, and Charlie walked out onto the deserted beach, the full moon tossing shadows onto the water’s surface. He swallowed hard, his throat tight. 
“I didn’t realize how much I needed saving, Nina. Thank you. Thank you.” 

## 

A block away, a body that looked like Michael Howard began to shift and contort as it walked down an empty moonlit road. When the shifting was completed, Eva Jordan craned her neck, stretching. 
“Much too easy,” she congratulated herself. A sinful grin spread across her face as she walked away from Charlie Howard. “The ring can only be removed voluntarily. I can definitely work with that…”

##

To read Volume 3, Trick Me, Trick Me Not, visit: www.racheldaigle.com  
 


 

