
Transformation
John O’Riley
Copyright 2014 by John O’Riley
Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Name of Cover Artist/ Shutterstock.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Acknowledgements

I want to thank all of my readers and fans for your encouragement. I also want to specifically mention Joy O’Riley, Dolores Peterson, Christa Fields-Howser, Tracey Koch, Lori Page, Shawn O’Riley, and Jennifer Ashlock. 


Chapter 1
Emily Winters paced back and forth in her small, barren living quarters which had served as her prison for twelve long years. Her plan for freedom was tenuous at best but finally, her opportunity would arrive and she had to seize it for there would never be another. As a level nine precognitive, she knew this was her only hope. She had been abducted as an adolescent with the ability to foresee the future with uncanny accuracy when discovered by an operative of the Psi-Tech research facility in Seattle. The extent of her powers had been ascertained through a battery of tests. The vast majority of psychics possessed only one strong talent but often one or two weaker abilities. Emily had been classified as a level five precognitive with no secondary abilities; however, she had intentionally failed their testing for telepathy. The researchers had been ecstatic to discover a naturally-occurring psychic with such a high rating. They had immediately forced her to undergo the psi-enhancement procedure which comprised of a combination of drugs and electrical stimulation to the brain. This technique only worked on a third of the population and no one knew ahead of time who it would help. After a painful recovery of several days, Emily was reclassified as a level nine precognitive which was the highest rating that researchers could currently measure.
At first, Emily refused to cooperate with her captors but after enduring days of torture, she’d capitulated with their instructions. For years, she made daily predictions that benefited the facility’s ability to generate profit through economic forecasting as well as strengthen its political power base. Several key government officials and a small, wealthy, influential group of individuals secretly reaped the rewards of work performed by both prisoners as well as employees of this organization. As the company’s most valuable tool, Emily had been instructed to foresee and report a variety of major events. As a result of her work, she knew a great deal about this corrupt and greedy organization. She couldn’t stand the thought of furthering their agenda and supporting their power base any longer. Not when an opportunity had finally arrived which would allow her to escape this place.
Emily’s body filled with nervous anticipation as she continued pacing the main room of her living quarters. It was furnished with a small desk and laptop computer to allow her to record any unexpected visions she may receive, a plush gray armchair, and a small bookcase brimming with a collection of popular novels. The white walls were devoid of any decoration while the floor was covered by green, commercial-grade carpeting. The spartan bedroom offered only a twin-sized bed with a small nightstand that sported a cheap, digital alarm clock. The entrance to the private bathroom was situated on one end of the main room. Of course, there were no windows in the living quarters which would have allowed for possible escape.
Her head spun toward the front door as the lock clicked loudly and an instant later, Steve emerged inside the room. Steve was a research manager and a level five psychometrist. He was tall with soulless brown eyes and had thinning, blond hair. He wore a gray dress shirt, black tie and brown pants. He gripped a taser in his right hand and nodded toward the open doorway as he stepped away from it so she could move past him. Emily had been expecting this unwelcome visit. She took a deep, fortifying breath and traversed down the hallway. Steve escorted her to the elevator and they rode in tense silence until they’d risen several floors. Emily’s anxiety mounted as they continued down another long corridor until finally reaching Sharon’s office. Sharon smiled chillingly from behind her massive, polished oak desk. She was the director of this facility and had taken a very personal interest in Emily as she had proven to be an invaluable asset to the company. Like Steve, she had started her work there with no psychic abilities whatsoever until she’d participated in the psi-enhancement procedure which had fashioned her into a level four intuitive. Psychometrists received impressions, information, and emotions that individuals unknowingly left behind on inanimate objects while intuitives could obtain information from some unknown source. The most common theory for intuitives was that they possessed a conglomerate of incomplete psychic abilities that gave them glimpses of information and insight from seemingly nowhere.
“Please, sit down,” Sharon said.
Emily knew better than to mistake this statement as a request rather than an order. She reluctantly sank into the black leather chair facing the director’s desk. Steve remained standing slightly behind Emily.
“You know why we’re having this little chat, I presume,” Sharon said evenly.
“Not exactly,” Emily fibbed.
Sharon slowly rose from her desk which revealed her short height and dumpy frame. She wore a crisp, green blouse and pleated, green pants. She stepped out and positioned herself directly in front of Emily, peering down at her with a threatening expression on her face.
“You’ve been hiding something from me.” Sharon’s chilling gaze bore into Emily’s.
“I’ve reported all my predictions and impressions to you.”
“You can’t lie to me,” Sharon warned. “You’ve withheld vital information from me. Something that threatens the security of this facility.”
“That simply isn’t true.”
“I’ve been analyzing the predictions made by all the precognitives at Psi-Tech and I’ve seen a pattern of gaps of information that you report compared to what others have reported. For instance, it’s obvious that you’re protecting the identity of future telepaths. You know that they are a threat to us and that they must be eliminated so you conceal their identities from us,” Sharon accused. She paused for a moment to give Emily an opportunity to speak before continuing. “I believe we have virtually every individual who will become a telepath identified. I don’t know if you realize this but my security operatives have already begun neutralizing these threats.”
Telepaths were the greatest threat to Psi-Tech. As a group, the precognitives had foreseen the development of the ability for telepaths to create group psychic links that allowed for unimaginable increases in their secondary abilities. This revolutionary discovery would occur in approximately four years and cause a major power shift that Psi-Tech wouldn’t allow.
“You’re killing innocent people!” Emily’s gut twisted with a potent mixture of revulsion and horror. “You make me sick!”
“You don’t even know them. Why do you care what happens to them? I’ve provided a safe haven for you and everything that you need to live comfortably. Why do you try to undermine this company and all the good it does?”
“You kidnapped me and kept me a prisoner here for years! You expect me to be grateful?” Emily regarded the director with incredulous disbelief.
Sharon stilled and her eyes narrowed vengefully.
“You don’t understand what a pitiful life you would have suffered if I hadn’t intervened and enhanced your natural psychic ability. I know it’s difficult for you to believe but things are a lot better for you now. Time is running out and I need to know what you’ve been hiding. The cataclysmic event is going to be a great transformation but only if Psi-Tech can control the chaos that results from it. If we can’t maintain order, society will be plunged into anarchy. And it will be entirely your fault for failing to report what you’ve seen.”
“I’ve told you everything I know,” Emily said. Anxiety clawed at her gut and made her body icy with terror. She hoped that Sharon didn’t figure out her secret. Sharon had sent a number of psychometrists to sense impressions from various objects and furniture in her living quarters but they had failed to uncover anything useful.
“Today is the big day,” Sharon said. “The fragments of the comet passing through have already started to enter the Earth’s atmosphere. It’s only a matter of time before the electrical storms begin. Everything and everyone will be different. You can’t stop that.”
“I know I can’t stop it,” Emily said tonelessly.
“Then why aren’t you cooperating?” Sharon demanded. “I’m at my wit’s end with you! I’ve coddled you because you’re an important asset to Psi-Tech but if you refuse to cooperate, I’ll be forced to use extreme measures. I hate to see you suffer but I’m going to have to put a stop to all your meals until you comply. Furthermore, you’ll be handcuffed to your office chair with a security operative standing guard at all times. At night, you’ll be handcuffed to your bed. You know the drill.”
Emily swallowed as adrenaline rushed through her. She’d endured this scenario many times. They’d carefully monitored her condition and hadn’t allowed her to starve to death. When it came to a critical point, they’d fed her minimally then switched tactics.
“I can’t believe you’re doing this,” Emily said shakily. “I’ve done the best job possible for you.”
“It looks like you’re not going to cooperate with me,” Sharon said regretfully as she returned to her former position behind her desk. “I was hoping you would voluntarily help me. You have a good life and I hope that you will allow me to continue to support you in that. I need to know what you’re keeping from me. If you tell me now, we can avoid any unpleasantness. It’s your call.”
Emily swallowed nervously and waves of dread threatened to overwhelm her. She couldn’t endure any more torture. She’d already suffered long enough. Maybe she could tell Sharon something that wouldn’t hurt her chance to escape this dreadful place. Or maybe she could make up a complete fabrication; a false threat that would occupy Sharon’s mind long enough to leave Emily alone until she could make her move. Emily’s thoughts churned frantically for a solution to this dilemma.
“All right,” Emily said with a defeated slump of her shoulders and a weary sigh. “I’ll tell you.”
Sharon’s lips curved in a satisfied smile and she quickly brought out a tape recorder so she could save the entire discussion and have her assistant type it up later.
“You’ve made a wise decision,” she said. “You may begin whenever you’re ready.”
Sharon pressed the record button and waited expectantly. Emily took a deep breath as she mentally prepared her fictitious tale.
“There is a serious threat that will come about as a result of the new psychics who will be made in the aftermath of the electric storms. You remember reading about my reports on the multipaths?” Emily asked. The question was a delaying tactic to give herself valuable time to further enhance her story.
“Yes, I recall them. Multipaths are those psychics whose abilities inexplicably expand. They become level nines and they begin to exhibit more and more secondary abilities that are just as strong as their primary ability. All multipaths die within three weeks from the onset of their symptoms.”
Now it was time for a half-truth. Emily knew the secret to saving multipaths but only in theory. She’d seen how they were saved in the future but the technique wouldn’t be discovered for more than thirty years.
“What I failed to mention is that a quarter of the multipaths that are created from the aftermath of the electric storms will somehow learn to control and stabilize their abilities which will allow them to live. With their precognitive abilities, they will quickly realize telepaths are in danger and move to get as many to safety as possible. They will go into hiding,” Emily explained.
Sharon stiffened and her brown eyes blazed with fury.
“This is a terrible betrayal! I can’t believe you hid this from me! None of the precognitives reported that any multipaths would survive so we never bothered to identify them for elimination! This is a serious threat!” She sputtered as she reached out and snapped the recorder off. “Go back to your quarters at once and begin working to identify the multipaths!”
“Okay,” Emily agreed meekly.
She headed for the door as Steve opened it for her.
“One more thing,” Sharon said in a chilling tone. “If you ever hide anything like this from me again, you will be severely punished!”
Emily didn’t bother responding to this threat. She knew for a fact that she wouldn’t reside in this facility for much longer. Sharon would order her execution soon or she’d escape. There were no alternate outcomes. Steve’s brooding presence further exacerbated Emily’s fears of discovery. Steve Drake was the only research manager who ran these types of errands for Sharon. If it wasn’t him who summoned Emily for a visit with Sharon, it would always be a security operative rather than a research manager. Emily knew the two of them were having an affair. Other psychics had discovered this information as well but all of them were prisoners rather than employees so they kept quiet about their discovery. Steve had grown aloof and distant with his wife over the years and had seen Sharon’s interest in him as a great opportunity for power. And it had furthered his career just as he’d anticipated. Sharon had promoted him from a tech assistant to a research manager in spite of his lack of any supervisory experience or skill. His performance remained lackluster since he was just as incompetent in his current position as his former one but she was the boss so that didn’t matter.
“You were wise to cooperate,” Steve said as they approached her room.
He opened the door for her and she stepped inside her living quarters. Steve quickly closed and locked the door behind her. Emily’s eyes roved over her prison then rested on the laptop computer situated on the cheap desk shoved in the corner. She took several, deep calming breaths then purposefully shoved all thoughts of her plans for escape out of her mind. It was essential that she controlled her thoughts and emotions when touching any object in order to avoid leaving any psychic residue that would betray her hopes for freedom. Emily took plenty of time centering herself and plunging her mind into a deep meditative state. Once she was certain she had gained complete control of her thoughts, she sank into her desk and prepared to record psychic impressions of the future. She hated to give the names of those individuals who would become multipaths; however, she’d spoken the truth. They would all die within three weeks once the onset of symptoms had begun. Even her older brother, Jeremy Winters, who believed her to be dead. But he was one name that Emily wouldn’t give and she carefully avoided thinking about him whatsoever as she typed in a name of one person who came to her. 
In a way, Emily was giving the future telepaths a fighting chance to fulfill their destinies by throwing Psi-Tech on a wild goose chase. The company already had so many targets that it would take years to hunt down all the telepaths but now, Emily gave them an even greater task by providing a huge list of psychics who would perish on their own anyway. If she hadn’t remained in such a deep trance, her mind would burst with glee over this deception. After hours of work, Emily slowly became aware of pain nibbling away at the fringes of her consciousness. She mentally withdrew from her work and redoubled her efforts to remain in a meditative state which would partially protect her from the negative effects of the electrical storm which she intuitively knew had arrived. The lights in the room flickered then went out. Her computer became the only source of illumination as it was plugged into battery backup. The automatic program initiated, saving all programs and shutting down the hard drive.
Enough of the elements in the passing comet had been introduced into the Earth’s atmosphere to initiate a worldwide disruption that would transform every living being on this planet. Even in her current meditative state, she would succumb to unconsciousness which would precede the transformation. Emily slipped from her chair and positioned herself so she was lying flat on her back on the floor. She closed her eyes and focused completely on going deeper into a controlled trance. For months, she’d practiced this exercise which was critical to her plan for escape. The deeper her trance, the easier the transition wrought by the electrical storms would be. She had learned this secret in a vision and kept it to herself. Hopefully, it would give her enough of a tactical advantage to stay alive once Psi-Tech initiated the post-transformation protocols which involved systematically killing all prisoners kept in the facility.

Chapter 2
Jeremy Winters emerged from his brown, two-story house to step barefoot onto his massive, concrete patio in the backyard. He grasped a large, beige mug of black tea in his right hand. His canvas featuring his latest work stood half-finished several feet in front of him. He often immersed himself in his work for countless hours and sometimes forgot to eat all day as his paintings neared completion. His current project featured an underwater scene depicting dolphins with a bleeding effect in a corner that showed outer space and a ringed planet spilling into the ocean from below. Jeremy’s paintings often portrayed breathtaking beauty and realism with a touch of fantasy. His work was so popular that he’d earned enough money to live comfortably indefinitely without producing another piece; however, he was compelled to continue. It was a compulsion and he sometimes wondered why such a driving force existed within his mind. 
His parents had both hypothesized that it stemmed from his dyslexia. They believed that like all dyslexics, Jeremy’s mind was wired differently. He’d always struggled with reading and writing but his ability to picture his surroundings in vivid detail and to translate it to paper had always surpassed his peers. By the time he’d reached high school, he’d taken various art classes at the persistent urging of his parents, his sister, and his best friend, Skylar. He discovered he enjoyed painting and had a knack for it. Thanks to the help and encouragement of his sister, Emily, and Skylar, he’d managed to rent a space at an art show as well as to set up a very attractive, eye-popping display that attracted many buyers. Luckily, he’d created a small fan base with several influential buyers who spread the word about his artwork. That had been the launching point of his career.
Shortly after the smashing success of the art show, Emily had disappeared. The police had discovered her charred remains the next morning in an abandoned building that had mysteriously burned down. Emily’s body had been unrecognizable but luckily her purse had been found at the crime scene and dental records verified her identity. Jeremy’s father had died in a car accident a year before and his mother had decided to move from Seattle as there were too many bad memories plaguing her. She’d ended up relocating to Sacramento, California and Jeremy had been strongly tempted to go there as well. In the end, he chose to remain in the Seattle area rather than leave his best friend behind and somehow, he irrationally felt that to leave would be to abandon Emily. Jeremy wasn’t sure if he would have ever succeeded with his career in painting if it hadn’t been for her.
Jeremy took a careful sip of his steaming, hot tea as he sank into one of his lawn chairs. His expansive backyard comprised about half an acre and contained a bunch of tall evergreen trees, a couple of maple trees, and several Chinese pear trees. A tall fence blockaded the view of his neighbors which helped to further seclude him. Jeremy didn’t welcome uninvited visits except from his closest friends and family. He preferred the solitude which enabled him to immerse himself in his work. Jeremy’s gaze gently drifted up to the overcast sky above. He could make out occasional flashes of light as debris from Reinard’s comet burned in the atmosphere. It provided a spectacular light show with tonight being the peak performance. After that, it would slowly taper off over a week’s time. Anyone who possessed even a minor interest in astronomy couldn’t pass up the opportunity to gaze at the night skies this evening.
Thunder unexpectedly rumbled and jagged lightning bolts ripped violently from the gray clouds. Bolt after bolt struck in rapid succession as Jeremy watched with stunned amazement. He quickly realized it would probably be a good idea to slip indoors to safety. His head pounded with building pressure as he clumsily made his way to the house and shut the door behind him. His headache quickly intensified until spears of agony tore through his entire body. Jeremy tripped as he emerged in the living room and fell flat on his face. His body convulsed uncontrollably as unbelievable pain continued to savagely rip through him. Soon, he lost consciousness. When he awakened, it felt as though he’d been sleeping for days and the power had gone out. His mouth was dry and he had a killer migraine. Nausea assailed his senses as he rose to his feet and stumbled into the bathroom for ibuprofen, aspirin, and feverfew. After popping a handful of pills into his mouth followed by plenty of water, he reclined on his bed. Soon, sleep claimed him and he awakened feeling a lot better.
It was fairly early in the morning and the power had restored so he showered, dressed and turned on the news. When the date popped up on the screen, he could scarcely believe that three days had gone by. Alarm sprang inside him as he realized something major had occurred. The reporter currently spoke about a powerful electric storm that had occurred worldwide. The scientific community theorized that new elements from the comet had mixed with Earth’s atmosphere and was a catalyst for the preceding powerful storm which had caused major damage. Even more disturbing was the fact that the entire population had lost consciousness at some point during this ordeal. On average, most had remained incapacitated for approximately six hours. In some rare cases, individuals had taken over two days to revive. Jeremy swallowed nervously because he was one of those few and he worried about possible negative impacts to his physical well-being. No doubt the hospitals were flooded with incoming patients who shared his concerns. The phone rang and he temporarily brushed aside his concerns as he made his way to the kitchen to answer it.
“Hello?” Jeremy said.
“Thank God you’re all right!” his mother’s concerned voice spilled over the receiver in a rush. “I’ve been trying to call you for days! I couldn’t reach Skylar either. I called the hospital and the police to have someone check on you but it’s been crazy! No one would respond unless they knew it was an emergency. I booked an airplane ride to Seattle but the earliest I could get was this evening.”
“I’m sorry you were so worried. I hate to tell you this but I just woke up a few moments ago.”
“Are you all right, sweetie?” Her voice softened but was tinged with worry.
“I’ve got the worst migraine in history but other than that, I’m okay,” Jeremy assured her.
“I’m relieved to hear that,” Kate said. “You probably don’t know what’s happened over the last several days. It’s been a disaster! There were huge storms that caused devastating damage. Luckily, nothing here was hit too hard and my house is just fine. A lot of homes and businesses caught fire. I can’t tell you how crazy it’s been. Luckily, things are settling down now but it’s going to take a long time to rebuild some of these areas. Of course, we’ve got some really weird stuff happening too. If you watch the news, you’ll see the stories. There’s a lot of people with special abilities popping up.”
“Special abilities?” he said.
“Yes, it’s simply amazing! People are discovering that they’re psychic. One of my neighbors is having a great time playing with his new talent. He can lift small objects and make them float around. It’s remarkable! He’s not alone either. There are lots of people on the news who can do the same thing! There’s a bunch of people who claim they can see what’s going on from far away. They call it remote-viewing. Others who say they can heal with a touch of their hand.”
Jeremy wasn’t sure what to make of all this. It would be difficult to believe if it hadn’t been his mother he was conversing with. Of course, there were potential side effects to whatever phenomenon had caused everyone to lose consciousness. It was conceivable that one of these maladies could affect the mind. He would make a point of watching the news to verify the strange story that his mother had just told him.
“Do you have any of these special abilities?” Jeremy asked warily.
“I’m afraid not,” Kate said wistfully. “But you never know. It may take awhile for some people.”
“Maybe,” Jeremy said.
“Oh! I just realized that you probably want to reach Skylar. You should check up on him and make sure he’s all right,” she suggested.
“Good idea. Thanks for calling, Mom,” he said.
“I love you.”
“Love you, too.”
Jeremy disconnected the call and immediately punched in his friend’s number. The phone rang until his answering machine picked up. He tried again several more times then decided to drive over to Skylar’s house. He emerged from his house with trepidation as he was unsure if the storm had inflicted any damage to his property. He breathed a sigh of relief when he discovered all was well. He slipped behind the wheel of his green Toyota Rav4 and pulled out of the driveway. His gaze fixed on a fallen tree in his neighbor’s yard several houses away. Several scorch marks had struck both the tree and the house but hadn’t resulted in a fire. Jeremy took the freeway to his friend’s house even though they both lived in Bothell. It was a little faster and he didn’t want to see any more damaged homes. It only took about ten minutes to reach Skylar’s neighborhood which had received plenty of lightning damage. Concern for his friend and guilt for not immediately thinking to check on him stabbed in Jeremy’s mind. He’d already lost his father and sister to tragedy. He didn’t need to lose his closest friend as well.
He slowed his vehicle as fear began to build over what he would find. Suddenly, a vivid image of Skylar kneeling in his living room clutching his head in both hands as if in agony flashed in Jeremy’s mind. Jeremy took a deep, calming breath. Abruptly, he saw himself knocking on his friend’s front door. The scene swiftly vanished and Jeremy halted his vehicle. An instant later, he saw himself standing in front of Skylar’s front door from a position to the side. He reached out and checked the doorknob to find it unlocked. Jeremy opened the door and stepped inside. The scene vanished again and Jeremy’s skull ached. He waited for awhile to see if the visions would return but nothing happened. Jeremy finally moved his SUV forward and discovered his friend’s brown house and moderately-sized yard were both undamaged. He parked his vehicle, rushed over to the front door, and knocked on it. No one answered the door. Jeremy worried that his friend was still unconscious from the electric storm. 
He knocked again and rang the bell several times. Still, Skylar failed to respond. Jeremy reached out to try the knob and was only half-surprised that it turned easily in his hand. He swung the door open and stepped inside.
“Skylar? Are you okay?” Jeremy called out.
“I’m in here,” Skylar said weakly.
Jeremy followed the sound of his friend’s voice to find him kneeling in the living room clutching his head in both hands just like he’d seen moments ago in a vision. More guilt flooded through Jeremy as he silently chastised himself for not coming sooner.
“You came as soon as you could. Don’t feel bad about it,” Skylar said through gritted teeth.
“I don’t.”
“Yes, you do. You’ve been yelling at yourself since you pulled into the neighborhood,” Skylar accused.
His hands covered his ears as though he tried to block out painful noise.  Skylar groaned softly and swore under his breath. His red hair was a sharp contrast to his unusually pallid skin. 
“I’ll get you some ibuprofen,” Jeremy said.
“Don’t bother,” Skylar bit out. “I’ve already taken a handful.”
“A handful?” Jeremy said in concern. “How many did you take exactly?”
“Not enough to kill me.”
“What can I do to help?” Jeremy asked.
“For starters, you can stop thinking,” Skylar said grievously.
“You’re reading my mind!” Jeremy exclaimed.
“Yes, and everyone else in the city, too,” Skylar said.
“How long have you been awake?”
“I don’t know. I keep passing out,” Skylar said.
“Let me help you up.”
Jeremy offered a hand and Skylar reluctantly accepted it. He guided his friend over to the couch.  Skylar sank into the beige cushions with a grimace and squeezed his dark, brown eyes closed.
“I wish everyone would just shut up!” Skylar exclaimed. “I can’t take it anymore!”
“I had a strange experience when I was driving here,” Jeremy said as he prepared to tell him about the visions.
“I know everything. There’s no need for you to tell me,” Skylar said moodily.
Jeremy flinched at this unexpected response.
“I’m sorry, Jeremy. This is driving me crazy. It feels like I’m in a rock concert except it’s all just people shouting and screaming. Plus it feels like someone’s trying to drill a hole in my skull.”
“Maybe we should get you to the hospital,” Jeremy said.
“There’s nothing they can do for me. Nothing,” Skylar insisted.
“You don’t know that. They could give you stronger pain medication than the over the counter stuff you’re taking.”
 Skylar slumped forward as he unexpectedly passed out. Jeremy caught him and gently laid him on his side then stretched him out over the couch so he was lying flat on his back. Jeremy didn’t care what his friend thought, he needed to be in a hospital. He crossed the room to pick up the phone.  Skylar didn’t keep much furniture in his spacious home. The living room offered a meager assortment of furniture with just a couple of couches and a small cabinet for the television and VCR/DVD player. One of the guestrooms had a dresser, a bed, and two state of the art computers. The other guest room contained just a desk, a computer, and a huge collection of servers. Of course, there was also an office with a massive oak desk and an additional uber computer. Obviously, Skylar’s passion was computer technology which made his current work as a programmer the perfect career.
Jeremy brought the receiver to his ear and only silence greeted his ear. He tapped the buttons on the phone which elicited the same lack of results. Jeremy went to the kitchen and tried that phone but discovered it was dead as well. He went to his SUV to use his cell which he always kept for emergencies. As his fingers closed over the phone, a scene leapt into his mind’s eye. From a distance, he saw an ambulance which had been struck by a truck from the left side. Jeremy willed himself closer and found that his sight obediently moved towards the wreckage. The driver of the ambulance was slumped over the wheel. Somehow, Jeremy intuitively knew that he was dead but that the other passengers were alive. The scene abruptly shifted and he saw the two emergency technicians unconscious and Skylar strapped to a platform with an IV hooked into his arm. Jeremy immediately snapped out of the vision and became aware that the cell phone had slipped from his grasp. He picked it up off the ground and set it back in its holder. No, he couldn’t call an ambulance when he knew a truck would crash into it.
Jeremy had always believed that psychic abilities were theoretically possible but now he had to accept them as real or risk endangering himself and his family due to ignorance. He could obviously see the future while Skylar now possessed the ability to read minds. Jeremy wondered if somehow, the myriad of thoughts that hammered at Skylar’s consciousness were harming him. Could that be possible? Jeremy wished he could say for certain. If Skylar’s new ability was the cause for his current debilitating condition, the hospital could do nothing for him. However, Jeremy couldn’t sit idly by without trying everything in his power to save him. He would drive Skylar to the hospital himself.
When Jeremy returned to the living room, Skylar was awake and hunched forward with both hands clasped tightly over his ears as if struggling to shut out all noises.
“We have to get you to the hospital,” Jeremy said as he reached down to pull his friend to his feet.
 Skylar refused to budge. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“Come on! We have to go now!” Jeremy said forcefully.
“Leave me alone!” Skylar demanded as he squirmed out of his grasp.
Jeremy stood over him and watched helplessly as his friend leaned to the side in obvious agony. After several moments, Skylar passed out again. Jeremy’s mind churned chaotically as he struggled to decide on a course of action. The most logical choice would be to drive his friend to the hospital. Jeremy sighed and reluctantly reached down to heave his friend up. Luckily, Skylar was skinny or this would be impossible. Jeremy got a firm grip under his friend’s arms and dragged him toward the front door. It was a major struggle to transport Skylar’s unconscious body to the SUV and drag him into the back seat. Jeremy panted with exertion and slumped with fatigue as he sank in the driver’s seat. He became aware of voices speaking chaotically in his mind. More and more of them joined in until it seemed thousands of conversations crashed against his skull. It took an enormous effort of will to remain awake and lucid. His body wanted to shut down as his mind screamed against the over-stimulation. Jeremy realized that this must be what his friend had been going through. He wasn’t consciously aware of squeezing his eyes shut and clamping his hands over his ears but at some point realized he’d done so.
Jeremy wanted to lash out at the rude voices that battered at his mind. He found it difficult to think as though the portions of the brain used for thinking were being utilized by the incoming thoughts of others. Of course, this was absurd. Jeremy remembered watching numerous science fiction shows about telepaths and a constant theme was their ability to block out unwanted thoughts. He wondered if this was possible. Jeremy experimented with picturing brick walls blocking off the outside world. Surprisingly, the voices did quiet down considerably but not nearly enough. He tried picturing the brick walls in more detail but that didn’t help. Soon, he couldn’t hold the image in his mind anymore. At some point, everything went quiet and Jeremy opened his eyes. He was curled in a fetal position on his side. He slowly sat straight up and gazed around at his surroundings.  Skylar remained unconscious in the back seat. He checked the time and realized only about fifteen minutes had passed since he’d loaded his friend into his truck. Jeremy wondered what had turned off his telepathic ability and what had triggered it in the first place. Apparently, he had multiple talents and one of them was extremely debilitating.
Jeremy wondered if it was wise to drive in his current condition. He had no way of knowing when he’d suffer another telepathic attack. His grip tightened on the steering wheel as he silently debated with himself. The cell phone suddenly rang and Jeremy was relieved at the interruption. He glanced at the caller ID screen which showed his mother’s name, Kate.
“Hi, Mom,” Jeremy said.
“Hi, sweetie,” she said. “It looks like I do have a psychic ability after all – precognition. Whatever you do, don’t try to drive your friend to the hospital.”
“You saw what happened?” Jeremy asked.
“You’re going to lose control of your vehicle somehow and end up crashing into someone’s house,” Kate said shakily. “Don’t go!”
“Okay, I won’t,” he promised.
He certainly knew exactly what courses of action he shouldn’t take. If only he could discover a solution rather than what to avoid.

Chapter 3
Emily awakened with a minor headache in the main room of her living quarters. The power was still out and she was one of the first to regain consciousness due to her prep work. She swiftly rose to her feet and rushed over to her bedroom. She pulled sheets from the closet and tucked them underneath the covers to give the false impression that she was in bed sleeping. Any moment now, the employees of this facility would be waking up and checking their prisoners in a panic to ensure that no one had escaped. Almost everyone remained unconscious but the post-transformation protocols specifically outlined the necessity of this check. Emily strode over to bathroom and hid behind the door. Peering through the crack, she had a perfect view of the front portion of the main room.
Emily could hear frantic activity nearby and tensed with anticipation. She would either escape now or die within several days at the hands of security operatives under the strict initiation of the post-transformation protocols. The front door burst open and two men rushed inside. One was medium set with brown hair and blue eyes while the other was short with cruel blue eyes, a stubby nose, and an intense frown on his face. They both wore black shirts and khaki pants. Just as Emily had previously foreseen, they quickly scanned the room for her. They glanced first at the seemingly empty bathroom before honing in on the bedroom where she’d intentionally left the door closed.
“Are you awake in there?” the shorter man asked.
When she failed to respond, they scooted forward. The shorter man hung back with his stun gun held at the ready and nodded at the other man to proceed. Both of them now had their backs to her so Emily slipped out of the bathroom and out the front door. Her telepathy was stronger now although only at level four strength. The improvement was enough to allow her to sense that both men were focused on her huddled form under the sheets of the bed. Emily raced down the hall that she had preplanned on her travel path. Virtually no one was awake so it was unlikely she’d happen upon any staff here. She located one of the uniform rooms which was kept unlocked. Emily slipped inside and changed into a security operative uniform.  Name tags and stun guns were locked away in a secure location and inaccessible to her. She would only fool those who didn’t examine her too closely so it was imperative for her to avoid encounters with any of the staff.
Emily traversed down the hallway and made a beeline for the stairs. She opened her telepathic awareness so she would sense anyone nearby before they could spot her. Emily dashed down the stairs and managed to make quite a bit of progress before she became aware of a couple of security operatives heading for the door below. They were intending to travel up the stairs but she couldn’t tell how far. Emily went up to the next door and slipped into the empty hallway. They clambered up the stairs at an agonizingly slow pace. Emily wished they’d hurry up. She retreated to a bend in the hallway in case they came through here. She let out a soft sigh of relief when they didn’t. She waited until they were a flight above her then quietly slipped back to the stairway and stealthily scrambled down them toward the second floor. Emily silently congratulated herself for making it safely to her destination. She reached out with her mind for any presence before emerging in the hallway. 
She had only gotten halfway to her target when she sensed a staff member in one of the rooms getting ready to leave. She couldn’t determine the identity of the individual so she rushed past the door right before it opened. She was too far to reach a bend and duck out of sight so she slowed her pace to a brisk walk. Hopefully, if it was someone who had worked with her, they wouldn’t recognize her from behind. Emily’s stomach clenched with anxiety and cold shivers danced at the back of her neck. She carefully sensed the presence behind her who happened to be walking in the same direction that she did. She could tell that it was a male and he hadn’t recognized her but was paying a moderate amount of attention. The man wasn’t suspicious yet but wondering about her. Emily loosened her gait so she wouldn’t look tense. It was imperative that she give the appearance of being a fellow staff member.
Emily reached one of the break rooms and entered it without hesitation as though she belonged here. Luckily, no one was inside. There were several, unscreened windows and one of them was her ticket to freedom. The break room door didn’t have a lock or she would have been tempted to engage it. Emily honed in on the mind of the staff member who’d been walking behind her. He was still approaching the door. She held her breath and her anxiety piqued. She couldn’t allow herself to be captured. She wondered who it was and if he’d immediately recognize her. The door opened and he joined her in the small room with an annoyed scowl on his face. He was in his late thirties and wore the typical security operative uniform.
“Now is not the time to take a break,” the man said tersely. “You aren’t even in full uniform.”
“This is my first day. Joe had to take care of some business and told me to meet him here. He was going to bring my name tag and stun gun with him,” Emily lied smoothly. She knew Joe was the name of one of the managers.
“I didn’t realize Joe was awake yet,” he said with surprise.
“He’ll be here any minute if you’d like to chat,” Emily said with a touch of sarcasm.
“It was just a misunderstanding. Don’t get your panties in a bunch,” the staff member said defensively.
He quickly retreated from the room and she immediately rushed over to the nearest window. She opened it and dropped down to the bushes. She strode to the parking lot and went directly to a blue Hyundai sedan that should be unlocked. She reached out and pulled on the handle. The door swung open and she breathed out a loud sigh of relief. Emily slipped behind the wheel and pulled a set of keys from underneath the passenger seat. It amazed her that some people didn’t lock their vehicle and actually left the keys conveniently ensconced where a thief could easily locate them. The parking lot wasn’t secure so Emily was able to drive away without any problem. It wasn’t until she’d reached the freeway that she allowed herself to feel a small measure of satisfaction over her escape.
After several miles of random driving to put a safe distance between herself and the Psi-Tech facility, she pulled over and hunted for a map which she found tucked in a bunch of papers inside the glove compartment. Emily studied the map and quickly determined the fastest route to her brother’s house. She left the map open and placed it on the passenger seat so she could refer to it quickly if needed. Emily took the freeway and shortly afterward, sensed something strange. She reached out with her mind to detect the anomaly and realized that someone at Psi-Tech was using remote-viewing to track her. There were several remote-viewers at the facility. The strongest had been a level four but it was likely they were stronger now. Emily forced herself to relax so she would maintain a strong grip on her psychic talents. It was vital that she retained complete control of her psychic ability as her telepathic strength was only a level four and the only way to detect when she was being observed by remote-viewers.
Emily went through the mental exercises necessary to delve deep into a relaxed, meditative state which wasn’t conducive to safe driving but better than being tracked down by security operatives and gunned down. If she had possessed stronger telepathic ability, she could have blocked the remote-viewer from locking onto her. When Emily could sense the withdrawal of the tracker, she pulled off the freeway and headed north via the side streets. She’d been forced to pass an exit to throw the security operatives off track. Hopefully, they wouldn’t figure out that she’d formulated a plan or what motivated her. Police, ambulance, and fire trucks swarmed everywhere as city officials frantically attempted to help those in need. Emily knew that the electrical storm had caused many fires in the city as this type of damage had occurred all over the world. Some areas had been harder hit than others. When Emily turned onto Jeremy’s street, a sense of wrongness took hold. This wasn’t what she’d seen in her vision. Emily came to a stop at what should have been her brother’s home but it wasn’t the one she’d foreseen.
“This isn’t possible!” Emily cried out with frustration and fear.
She stared at the unfamiliar, blue house with a cramped lawn. It had a small driveway with a small white sedan parked in front. Emily’s brown eyes fixed on the numbers of the house which matched that of her brother’s. She slowly got out of her vehicle and walked over to check the street sign and verify that she’d gone to the correct address. She stood there with her hands on her hips as she struggled to figure out what had gone wrong. All at once, she realized the serious mistake she’d made. In her visions of Jeremy, she’d seen him driving home several times and had seen him shopping in Seattle. She’d assumed he lived in Seattle but he could live in any of the nearby cities.
Emily rushed back to her car and felt the presence of one or more remote-viewers locking onto her position again. She quickly drove forward and randomly down the streets as if she had a purpose in mind. The psychic stuck with her for perhaps five minutes which was probably the extent of their ability in sustaining contact. Emily took herself out of the residential area and parked in a shopping center. She found a telephone booth and quickly checked the white pages for Jeremy Winters. Frustration and desperation flooded through her when she failed to find his name. Emily silently chastised herself for not thinking of this sooner. Her brother was an extremely private person and always chose to have his name unlisted. She dropped the phone book when she sensed another psychic intrusion. She dashed to her car and slowly drove out of the parking lot. She couldn’t let them track her.
Emily had unintentionally broken out of her trance. With the frantic traffic weaving around her, she couldn’t go through the proper exercises to return to the relaxed state needed. She drove aimlessly and changed directions often until it was safe again. Emily pulled into a large shopping center again, parked, and returned herself to the meditative state needed to fully utilize her psychic abilities. She thought of her brother and directed her foresight toward the near future. A view of Jeremy lying unconscious in his living room snapped into her mind. This didn’t show her anything useful. He would probably remain this way for several days. Maybe he had some mail lying around somewhere. Even as strong as she was, Emily couldn’t control her visions. The scene shifted and showed Jeremy stumbling down the hall and to the bathroom. He looked extremely exhausted and his dark, brown eyes were blood shot. He fumbled with a bottle of ibuprofen before Emily directed the vision farther into the future.
Now, she could see Jeremy carrying his best-friend out the front door of Skylar’s house.  Skylar’s head lolled loosely as he had passed out. Emily knew he had been transformed into a level nine telepath and his ability would kill him just as Jeremy’s multipathic talents would kill him. All individuals who’d converted into telepaths stronger than a level six wouldn’t survive the transformation. Psi-Tech didn’t possess any information on Skylar because he hadn’t survived and therefore hadn’t been around during the time period that the precognitives had gathered data about. This would aid in Emily’s ongoing efforts to elude capture but not for too much longer. She had to locate both her brother and Skylar soon or risk forfeiting all their lives.
“Where do you live, Jeremy?” Emily whispered to herself.
She tried telepathically locking onto him but wasn’t strong enough for that. She rested for a bit then continued utilizing her precognitive talents to ascertain her brother’s location. She could sense a stranger observing her again and knew it was time to leave. Emily drove to the freeway and headed north out of Seattle. She needed to put as great a distance as possible to avoid the security operatives who were obviously devoting significant resources in locating her. Emily waited awhile before checking the near future to glimpse her own situation. She was still driving safely so she checked the time which was roughly ten minutes in the future. She checked farther ahead and saw her car wrecked and overturned at the side of the freeway. She pulled back closer to the present and the scene shifted to her driving safely again. Emily checked the time and could see it was about twenty minutes in the future.
She didn’t want to strain herself and risk temporarily blacking out her psychic senses so she didn’t try to pinpoint the time of the accident any closer. Emily presumed that the security operatives would find her in the near future and run her off the road. To be completely certain she would avoid this fate, she needed to exit the freeway in about ten minutes. The next city was Shoreline and after that it would take at least another ten minutes before reaching the next town. Emily decided it was too risky to remain on the freeway so she pulled off at Shoreline and wove through the bustling traffic. Her objective was to make it extremely difficult to pinpoint her exact location. As soon as the remote-viewer withdrew, Emily headed for the freeway and made her way to Richmond Highlands which was less than a ten minute drive. She arrived in the business section of the town before the next remote-viewer locked onto her.
Emily smiled to herself with satisfaction because it would take some time before they would figure out she’d left Shoreline. Fred Meyer’s were common stores in this area and she’d passed at least two in Shoreline so she parked at the next one she saw. Emily sat in the car and realized she’d need to develop a better strategy. She looked at the map and could see that the closest city was Mountlake Terrace which would take about twenty minutes for her to commute. She’d have to start practicing some defensive psychic techniques if she were to continue to elude her executioners. Emily had observed the individuals in the distant future discussing and utilizing telepathic blocks for disrupting remote-viewers. She had never had the opportunity to practice until now. The major drawback to trying it now was that she’d probably burn herself out utilizing this new technique. Emily knew she didn’t have any choice. Soon, the remote-viewers would observe enough details of her surroundings to determine she’d left Shoreline then they’d figure out which city she’d relocated to. 
Emily waited patiently for the return of a remote-viewer. When she sensed someone locking onto her position, she pushed against the intruder. The individual slipped and flailed about in confusion as Emily continued to obstruct the psychic lock. After a moment, Emily’s head throbbed with pressure and she wondered if she’d be able to successfully utilize this particular defensive technique. It was rather simple but it would have been better if she were endowed with stronger telepathic ability. Finally, the tracker gave up and the pressure in her skull immediately eased. Emily was silently congratulating herself on this minor success when she sensed the tracker’s return. She braced herself and swiftly pushed back against the intruder. After a moment, she could tell that this was a different remote-viewer than the one she’d just blocked. Emily took a deep breath as the pressure in her head returned more quickly this time because she was still fatigued from the last ordeal. The pain quickly intensified and fatigue washed through her body. Emily took deep breaths and forced herself to remain focused. Again, she succeeded in fending off the intrusion. Both remote-viewers had failed to observe her or her surroundings.
Emily wondered how long it would take for them to try again. She rested for several more moments then peeked into the future. Emily saw herself running from her car which had two flat tires in the back. She dashed toward the woods at the side of the freeway. A blue sedan screeched to a halt as a man in the passenger seat leaned out and shot her three times in the back. Emily’s body slammed into the grass as the shooter leapt out of the vehicle and approached her. After he verified she was dead, he rushed back to the car and it sped away. Emily’s heart raced and adrenaline pumped through her veins as she snapped out of the vision. Because she hadn’t been able to check the time, she couldn’t be sure exactly when this would occur. One thing was certain. This proved that her current plan would fail.

Chapter 4
It was late in the evening by the time Emily parked her blue sedan in front of a medium-sized white house with neatly trimmed shrubbery, a healthy lawn, and a double garage. The owners of this home, Ryan and Julie Saunders, were both destined to become great leaders in the future. After the transformation, Julie had become a level six telepath. Emily wasn’t sure how long it would take for her to figure out how to employ her new psychic ability but generally speaking, telepathy was easy to identify. Emily knew she couldn’t elude her stalkers so she’d decided to warn the two telepaths who lived in Richmond Heights whose names she’d memorized. Her original plan had been to try to save her brother first then to warn a bunch of telepaths in different cities in the Seattle area about Psi Tech. Emily’s precognition showed her that no matter what route she took, once she left Richmond Heights, the security operatives from Psi Tech would track her down and execute her. She’d temporarily held her fate at bay by remaining in the city and focusing all her attention on blocking the remote-viewers so they couldn’t lock onto her position. She found it exceedingly difficult but always managed to succeed as long as she pulled off the road so she could divert her entire focus and psychic energy on telepathically fending off the trackers.
Emily had hoped she would be able to thwart Psi Tech’s plans for the future but they were a large company and too powerful. At least she had managed to experience a partial day of freedom and perhaps by warning Julie and the other telepath in Richmond Heights, Tim, she would change the outcome in a positive albeit minor way. If just two very important people could evade Psi Tech, perhaps the future wasn’t completely lost. Emily purposefully approached Ryan and Julie’s house as her thoughts churned chaotically. Now that she was here, she wasn’t sure what she should say to convince this young couple that they needed to flee and change their identities. They would probably think she was one of those crazies who proclaimed the end of the world was at hand. Emily reached out to knock on the front door which unexpectedly opened. Julie was a young woman in her mid twenties, short, and medium-set with brown eyes, an aquiline nose, and curly black hair. She wore a bright purple dress and smiled warmly.
“Emily, what an interesting surprise,” Julie said.
Emily gaped at her with astonishment but quickly composed herself. Ryan took up a position beside his wife. He was only slightly taller than her with black hair, brown eyes and a wary expression on his face.
“Do you know her?” Ryan asked.
“No but she’s kind of like me,” Julie said.
“In what way?” Ryan said.
“She’s psychic. I think she has telepathy like me.”
“Yes, I do but it’s only a secondary ability. You’re stronger,” Emily said.
“Secondary ability? What’s your primary ability?” Julie gazed at her with open curiosity.
“Precognition.” Emily took a deep breath as she prepared herself to convince these people it was time to go. “I’ve come to warn you that you’re in grave danger. There’s a company called Psi Tech whose been aware of psychics for a long time. They knew the electric storm would come and transform virtually everyone into a psychic.”
“Everybody?” Ryan asked with frank disbelief. “I don’t feel any different.”
“Many people’s abilities won’t show up right away but many will. There has always been a small number of psychics but the electric storm somehow caused an evolutionary transformation in everyone around the world,” Emily said.
“You’ve been a prisoner of Psi Tech for many years but now you feel you’re going to die no matter what you do. You think I’m in danger because I’m a telepath,” Julie said. Her eyes widened in horror as she picked up more dire thoughts. “Psi Tech plans on murdering every single telepath.”
Emily was at a complete loss for words. She hadn’t expected this conversation to unfold so easily.
“This is crazy!” Ryan cut in.
“No, it’s the truth,” Julie said.
“I have to leave. You know what to do,” Emily said.
“Wait!” Julie exclaimed. “You can’t go now! We need to talk!”
“If I stay any longer, I’m putting you in danger.”
“I’m already in danger. Knowledge is power and I need to know more. You’re going to tell me about the future. You were thinking that I’m going to become very important and I need to understand why,” Julie said.
“You don’t understand. There are three remote-viewers tracking me down. I’m not going to be able to block them for very much longer. If I’m still here and they lock onto my position, they’ll know I’ve warned you,” Emily explained.
“I’m willing to take the risk. If you don’t spend too much time, the danger I’m in will be at a minimum.”
Emily debated silently with herself as Julie held the door open and regarded her expectantly. Emily sighed with resignation and stepped inside the household. Ryan frowned with disapproval and followed the two of them into the spacious living room. The room was tastefully furnished with cream-colored sofas, a coffee table, a modest entertainment center, and a couple of bookcases.
“Would you like some coffee?” Julie asked.
“Sure. Thanks.” Emily smiled in gratitude. She knew it was selfish to prolong the visit but she was starving and the coffee would help revitalize her. It didn’t take Julie long to return with two large mugs of coffee. She handed one to Emily. Emily inhaled the fragrance appreciatively and as she took a sip, noted that it had just the right amount of cream and sugar.
“I’ve read a lot about psychics. To tell you the truth, parapsychology has always been a fascinating field of study for me. Can you start by explaining the highlights on remote-viewers and telepaths and how they’ll affect the future society?” Julie asked.
Ryan folded his arms defensively as he perched on the sofa beside his wife. Emily quickly outlined the major events including the discovery by telepaths that would enable them to become extremely powerful. Julie also questioned her on her own imprisonment and work at Psi Tech as well as their plans for the future. The entire conversation took far longer than Emily had planned on. She had finished her entire mug of coffee and talked Julie’s arm off.
“This is really horrific. Psi-Tech is like the embodiment of evil,” Julie said.
“It sounds that way,” Ryan agreed.
“Tell me. Do the telepaths form one large psychic network among themselves and is it confined to merely telepaths or can psychics whose secondary ability is telepathy join the network as well?”
“Anyone who has level four telepathic ability whether it’s their primary or secondary talent can link with others in the network. Once a network is formed, multiple members of the network can bring a weaker telepath into their group. Before I realized how hopeless my plan was, I had thought I could form a link with Skylar who is an old friend. Unfortunately, he’s a level nine telepath whose ability is too strong to control. Only telepaths who are born with level nine strength can survive. Assuming I would succeed in creating a network connection with Skylar, I had hoped that we may pull my brother into the connection as well,” Emily explained.
Her throat tightened and her eyes misted with unshed tears. She wouldn’t live long enough to see her brother again. Julie’s expression softened and she patted Emily’s hand sympathetically.
“Please tell me about your brother. What’s his name? What’s his ability?” Julie asked.
“His name is Jeremy. He’s a multipath. His psychic power is off the scale. Level nine is the highest that can be measured. Multipaths have more than two abilities. They don’t start out that way. It seems to just happen and once the onset of the symptoms appear, they die within a couple of weeks. The power is too unstable and their brain can’t handle the pressure. In the future, the telepaths have the idea that perhaps multipaths could be saved if they were to become part of the psychic network. I can’t see that far ahead so I don’t know if it’s possible to save my brother,” Emily said shakily. She took a deep, steadying breath as she forced her painful thoughts aside. “It doesn’t matter anyway because I won’t even be able to see him again.”
Julie squeezed her eyes shut and Emily realized she’d become deeply moved by what she’d learned. Guilt stabbed at Emily for troubling her with this burden. She had merely come here to warn Julie of the danger she was in and to leave.
“This is just impossible. I hope you don’t expect us to go into hiding,” Ryan said in a biting tone.
Julie’s eyes remained tightly closed and she ignored her husband completely. He shifted uneasily and didn’t continue to argue with her. Emily suddenly sensed an intrusive presence.
“I’ve stayed too long. A remote-viewer is trying to lock onto me,” she said.
Emily closed her eyes so she could concentrate. She pushed out with her mind against the intruder. Her head immediately pounded with pressure and fatigue as she had been doing this constantly for the entire day. After a moment, she felt an added push coming from elsewhere, aiding in her efforts to prevent the remote-viewer from locking onto her position. Emily’s headache quickly eased since she was no longer expending much psychic energy. When the remote-viewer left, Emily opened her eyes and regarded Julie pensively.
“How did you learn to do that so quickly?” Emily asked.
“I was reading your thoughts and emulating your actions,” Julie explained. “It was a simple exercise. It didn’t take much effort on my part.”
“It isn’t difficult the first few times but when you have to do it repeatedly all day long, it wears you out,” Emily warned.
“I can take over with that so you can rest,” Julie offered.
“I really should be going now.” Emily hastily stood up from the couch.
“Knowing what a nightmare you’ve been through for all these years, I’d be a lousy leader if I were to let you set out on your own now,” Julie said sardonically.
“I appreciate your kindness but I’m putting you in jeopardy.”
“Nonsense. I’m already in jeopardy because I’m a telepath. Psi-Tech wants me dead. If you want to help me out, you’ll give me some time to think of how better I can strategize to stop them from killing the others,” Julie said.
“It’s impossible. There’s no stopping them,” Emily said sadly.
“Nonsense! I can’t allow them to slaughter thousands of people just so they can become stronger and richer than they already are,” Julie said obstinately. “I want you to take a nap and I’ll stand guard to keep the remote-viewers away.”
Emily shook her head with disbelief. Julie couldn’t possibly believe she could think of some way to defeat Psi-Tech while Emily took a nap. Ryan was regarding his wife with a guarded expression that reflected Emily’s doubts.
“I don’t want any more argument. Let me show you the guest room and you take a nap. When you wake up, you can have a snack before you go gallivanting into the night to warn the other telepaths in Richmond Heights that they’re in danger,” Julie said forcefully.
“All right,” Emily conceded.
She followed Julie to the guestroom then flopped down on top of the bed after her hostess left. Emily stared up at the ceiling and reflected on how luxurious it felt just to lie down and do nothing. It was doubtful she’d be able to drop off to dreamland right after indulging in a cup of coffee but at least she could rest. Soon, she stiffened with alarm as a remote-viewer approached. Before Emily could start her defensive technique, Julie pushed against the intruder and effectively prevented him from achieving a lock. Emily smiled to herself as she realized what a lucky reprieve this was. For Julie to be so adept with her new ability, she must have immediately realized she’d developed telepathy after waking up from the transformation and practiced all day. It must be one of the character traits found in natural-born leaders; to practice and hone any useful skill that would give the individual a tactical advantage. Before Emily realized what was happening, she drifted off to sleep.
Emily awakened in the morning and abruptly sat bolt-upright in bed when she realized she’d dozed off for much longer than several hours. She leapt off the bed to find Julie sitting on the couch in the living room reading a book. She gazed up at Emily with a bright smile and reached out to pick up a journal that rested beside her.
“Good morning,” Julie said.
“Good morning,” Emily said warily. “I thought we agreed that I would take a nap.”
“And so you did,” Julie said flippantly. “It was a long nap but a much needed one.”
“You must be exhausted,” Emily said.
“I could use some sleep but I’ll be fine.” Julie flipped through her journal and jotted something down in it. It was a small book with lined paper and a blue cover. “I’ve been writing down questions as they come to me. We have a lot to discuss. I’d like to get some sleep first though. Ryan is in bed but he’ll be up shortly.”
“You don’t expect me to stay here even longer,” Emily protested.
“Why not? The remote-viewers can’t find you so there is no hope of them discovering where you are, is there?” Julie asked.
“I suppose not,” Emily conceded.
“Help yourself to some coffee in the kitchen. Let me show you where I keep the cereal in the cupboards.” Julie rose from the couch and strode into the kitchen.
She quickly chose a bowl from the cupboards and set it on the counter for Emily then showed her where she kept the cereals.
“There’s juice and milk in the refrigerator,” Julie said. “I’m going to bed. See you in about nine hours.”
“Thank you for everything,” Emily said gratefully.
“You’re welcome.” Julie smiled radiantly before retiring.
Ryan joined Emily in the kitchen a short while later. Emily was relieved to find that his earlier hostility toward her from last night had completely evaporated. She wondered at the change of heart but wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. She poured herself some coffee then added plenty of cream and sugar before sinking into one of the chairs at the table. Ryan fixed his own mug of coffee before joining her.
“I want to apologize for last night,” he said. “I didn’t have the benefit of being able to read your mind but Julie felt an immediate connection with you.”
“Julie is a very special person.”
“Yes, she is.” Ryan sipped some of his coffee and cocked a bemused brow at her. “She’s brimming with questions about you and the future.”
“Such as?” Emily prodded.
“I’ll let her ask you. It’ll be easier than having me be a go-between,” Ryan said wryly.
Emily mulled this over as she sipped some more of her coffee. She hadn’t felt this refreshed and revitalized in years. She almost dared to hope that Julie might actually come up with a plan to shut down Psi-Tech.
“Julie is a very strong-willed individual. I’m surprised she’s taken charge like this. I thought I’d have to convince her of her future,” Emily remarked.
“She has always strongly believed she was meant to do something extraordinary with her life. She thought that some day she would find an opportunity to do something that would help change lives for the better. And now it looks like that opportunity has come,” Ryan explained.
“Interesting.” Emily regarded him with curiosity. “Do you feel the same way about yourself?”
“Yes, I do. I’ve felt that way for years but at the same time I’ve always discounted that feeling.”
“Maybe you and your wife are secondary intuitives. It’s a very common psychic ability but people don’t realize they have it. They just think they’re lucky or that they’re good guessers, or that they have hunches,” Emily said.
“You could be right. I guess we’ll find out in time,” Ryan said.
Emily finished her coffee and poured herself some cranberry granola. She had only just started eating when she sensed a remote-viewer. She successfully blocked the attempt without any strain. When the intruder withdrew, Ryan eyed her intently.
“Remote-viewer?” he asked.
“Yes. It wasn’t hard to keep him away,” Emily said. “I’m well rested so it won’t be a problem standing watch until Julie is with us.”
Half a dozen more attempts were made before Julie strode into the living room early in the afternoon. Her hair was still damp from her recent shower and she wore jeans and a blue blouse. 
“We’re off to a late start but I think the time we’ve spent was worth it,” Julie said.
She opened her journal and poised her pen over the pages to take notes.
“I feel like I’m on an important interview on Dateline or something,” Emily teased.
Julie smiled with amusement as she read her first question. “Tell me what Psi-Tech’s major moves will be during the next several months.”
“By now, they’ve already killed all the natural psychics that were prisoners,” Emily said slowly as she sorted through her thoughts. “They are testing all their staff to see what abilities everyone has and what their capacities are. This will allow them to use everyone to their maximum potential. It will probably take about a week to do this. They plan on killing all telepaths and have a six year time-line. They plan on going public in a couple of months. When they do this, they will provide a variety of services for a price. Mostly, the precognitives will be the main source of revenue for businesses. The psychometrists, intuitives, and remote-viewers will be offered for investigative services and law enforcement. Psi-Tech will actively recruit the strongest talents and have already adopted a training program that allows psychics to utilize their ability to its maximum potential. They also have a procedure that can be used one time on individuals to increase their psychic strength but it’s only effective on a third of the population and is painful. It will probably be kept a secret except for the most trusted members of the company.”
“Wow!” Julie exclaimed as she wrote madly in her book. Her brows furrowed as she read over the notes she’d just written. “How much of a boost does it give?”
“It raises psychics an average of two points in strength which is significant. Of course, that’s just the average so you’ll have some people who may start out as a level four and end up as a level eight which would be a jump of four. Others may not receive any measurable benefit from the procedure at all. There’s no way of predicting what will happen.”
Julie nodded and wrote this down. She was about to ask another question when they both sensed a remote-viewer.
“I’ll get rid of them,” Julie said. 
A prolonged silence filled the room until the remote-viewer was forced to give up. Julie asked more questions and took meticulous notes in between various interruptions from remote-viewers.
“I’ll bet Sharon is frustrated,” Emily said with satisfaction over thwarting her nemesis.
“She’s the director of the Seattle branch of Psi-Tech. Let’s see. If I remember correctly, there are three branches.” She flipped through the pages of her journal. “Yes, we have one in Seattle, one in Sarasota, Florida, and one in Saint Louis, Missouri.” 
“Do you know how to perform the psychic link between telepaths? Can you describe it in detail?” Julie asked.
“Both participants must enter a meditative state so their abilities are at peak levels of performance. Normally, they spend about an hour if it’s a one-to-one session. If there are six or more telepaths already linked and bringing someone into their network, the meditation isn’t necessary. The next step is for the two individuals to communicate telepathically to each other. A casual conversation allows them to get used to how the mind of the other feels. The next step is for both individuals to picture an invisible bond forming between them. It doesn’t matter what you visualize but if it’s exactly the same thing, it’s more effective. The most popular visualization technique is to think of a silver energy cord connecting your throat with the target’s throat as its symbolic for communication. You must both picture and feel the connection. The stronger the telepaths, the easier it is to make the connection. The two individuals must hold this session for hours before the beginning of a tenuous, psychic link is formed.”
“That sounds remarkably simple but I can guess it’s hard to imagine what a link feels like and to spend hours doing the procedure must take a lot of discipline,” Julie said.
“Yes, it does take a lot of discipline. And once a tenuous link is formed, the procedure must be repeated every day for three days to ensure that it becomes permanent,” Emily said.
“What if you can’t repeat the process except for one more time? What are the chances the link will hold?”
“I think there’s about a little bit less than a fifty-fifty chance at that point,” Emily hypothesized.
“Okay.” Julie scribbled some more notes in her journal. “How much stronger are your psychic abilities once you’re linked to someone?”
“Every time you link to another person, your strength increases exponentially,” Emily said. “Because people never developed the technology to be able to measure psychic output generated by individuals more than a level nine, there was never any way to see if the results are consistent or if there’s a limit to the increase in strength.”
“I’m curious about your plan to help your brother. It’s something that you’ve never seen done successfully and you won’t have a psychic network to help you link with him. Did you think there was much of a chance to save him?” Julie asked.
“No, I didn’t but I wanted to be with him and to be free one final time before he passed away. I had to take the chance that I could save him even if there wasn’t really any chance my plan would work,” Emily said.
Julie exchanged an uncomfortable look with her husband. Emily sensed that strong displays of emotions embarrassed her. Julie adopted a cool, professional expression on her face and continued questioning Emily. Finally, she snapped her journal shut with a sense of finality.
“I’ve got a plan,” Julie said authoritatively.
“You do?” Ryan and Emily said with surprise.
“Emily, we are going to link telepathically. After that, we’re going to work on finding your brother and his friend, Skylar. You and I will strengthen our links for the next several days but if we find Skylar sooner, we’ll link with him as well. When all three of us have a strong link, we’ll work on saving your brother,” Julie said.
Emily was stunned by this pronouncement and was at a complete loss of words. Julie made it sound so simple and straight-forward but her plan had little chance of success.
“It will be difficult to link with Skylar,” Emily finally said.
Julie opened her mouth to speak but at that moment, a remote-viewer’s presence approached. She mentally pushed the intruder away but it didn’t take all of her focus anymore. After practicing so many times while Emily was asleep, she’d quickly honed this skill until it was almost like walking.
“Why will it be difficult to link with Skylar?” Julie asked.
“He’s a level nine telepath – possibly stronger. He won’t be able to regain consciousness for more than an hour at a time. He won’t be able to reach any kind of meditative state.”
“He can still concentrate on the linking process though. He’ll just have to skip the first step,” Julie said.
“The first step is critical,” Emily said.
“We have to try anyway,” Julie said decisively. “That’s the plan.”
Emily cocked a bemused eyebrow at her but decided it was best to just go along with her idea. Maybe it would work.
“Okay,” Emily said.
“As soon as this remote-viewer is gone, we can start meditating,” Julie said.
“We’ll need to sit comfortably in a position that we can hold for several hours,” Emily instructed.
Julie nodded and shifted her position on the couch. When the remote-viewer was gone, the two of them began the linking process. 

Chapter 5
Emily’s frustration mounted as yet another remote-viewer interrupted the linking process. So far, Emily and Julie had diligently maintained a deep trance but the constant intrusions prevented them from establishing a link. Emily’s ire was hindering her performance as it detracted from her meditative calm. She could sense a powerful distraction growing in Julie’s mind as well. Emily opened her eyes as she gave up on the linking process. Ryan was reading a magazine on the couch facing the two women. He looked up sharply when he noticed she’d halted the procedure.
“We’re going to need to take a break,” she said.
“Sorry about that,” Julie apologized. “I’m famished.”
“That’s understandable. We haven’t eaten all day,” Emily said.
Anxiety welled inside her as she worried about her brother and Skylar. While she’d been confined in her prison at the Psi-Tech research facility, she’d focused entirely on how she would escape. Now that she’d regained her freedom, worries and uncertainties churned through her mind.  Skylar would be extremely difficult to save and Jeremy most likely would be a lost cause.
“I’ll fix some pasta for dinner real quick. You can both relax,” Ryan said.
“Thank you, sweetie.” Julie gave him a quick kiss before he rose from the couch and left to carry out the task at hand.
“It’s almost six o’clock. If we try the linking process after dinner, we could end up staying up until midnight or later,” Emily said. “Do you think you’re up to it?”
“Of course, I am. We have people to save and a world to change,” Julie said wryly.
Emily smiled questioningly at her. “A world to change?”
“Yes, I have a plan,” Julie said confidently.
“And what would that be?” Emily asked.
“I’m going to actively seek out telepaths and form a large psychic network. With our enhanced ability, we should be able to protect ourselves from any attacks that Psi-Tech can throw at us,” Julie said.
“It’ll take years before you can develop a network large enough to be sure your psychic abilities are strong enough to protect you,” Emily said. “Are you sure you want to do that?”
“Yes,” Julie said. “I’m not going to allow bullies to control this country. What do you plan to do once you link with Skylar and Jeremy?”
“Assuming I can successfully save those two, I plan on going into hiding. Jeremy and Skylar are both loners. We’ll purchase fake ID’s and purchase a house in the country somewhere.”
“Sounds like a nightmare to me,” Julie said. “I’m not going to go into hiding indefinitely.”
“What you’re planning to do is too risky. The precognitives at Psi-Tech will see the potential for the psychic network that you create in the future and will be able to track you down by locating future members,” Emily warned.
“It’s worth the risk,” Julie stated.
Emily swallowed a rush of guilt over her own cowardice. She should be supporting Julie rather than finding fault with her plan. She was embracing her destiny while Emily planned on shirking her own responsibility.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be arguing. I just feel like escaping from Psi-Tech. I never want to have anything to do with them again,” Emily said.
“You have nothing to feel sorry about,” Julie said passionately. “You were their prisoner for years. I saw your memories and how Sharon had them punish you with starvation and water torture. If you decide to go into hiding, I don’t blame you in the least.”
Emily’s eyes misted over with unshed tears and she blinked several times to clear them.
“Thank you,” she said quietly.
“Everything will be okay,” Julie said encouragingly.
Emily marveled at Julie’s strength of character and mental stability. She didn’t know how she could be so confident in spite of the odds; especially when she’d seen some of the more brutal memories that Emily had endured. Soon, Ryan called out that dinner was ready and they gathered in the dining room. Emily gave herself a very generous portion of the pasta with white sauce because she hadn’t eaten since breakfast and was starving. She’d only finished half her plate when she sensed a remote-viewer. Emily pushed against the invasive presence but unexpectedly sensed another one approaching. It took a lot more energy and focus to block out two invaders at the same time. Instantly, her head pounded with pressure. Julie reached out with her mind and took one of the remote-viewers off Emily’s hands. Almost immediately, a third presence joined the melee. Emily prepared to block the third opponent but Julie quickly stepped in.
“Are you sure you can handle two of them?” Emily asked with concern.
“I’m alright,” Julie said.
Because Julie was a moderately stronger telepath, Emily allowed her to take up the slack. The struggle continued for a long period of time. Emily could tell it was taking far longer than the earlier remote-viewing attempts. Sharon must have ordered a change in strategy. Hopefully, she wouldn’t realize this new approach was a lot more effective than the previous one.
“I’m going to need some help,” Julie said.
“Okay,” Emily acknowledged.
She reached out with her mind and pushed against one of the intruders. Julie relaxed a bit but Emily sensed she was straining. She devoted more of her energy to the struggle when one of the remote-viewers began to lock onto their position. A surge of panic rushed through Emily as she realized what a close call that had been. Of course, it was doubtful they would pinpoint her location with just one glimpse but she wasn’t sure how much the intruder would have learned. Emily’s head pounded with a building pressure and the pain slowly intensified. She wondered how long this would take and if she would be able to hold out. She gripped the edge of the table in a vise-like grip as she forced the block to remain in place. Finally, the intruders retreated. Emily took a deep, steadying breath and clutched her head with both hands as pain beat at her skull. Julie squeezed her eyes shut and held herself rigidly.
“Are you all right?” Ryan asked with concern.
“I need Excedrin!” Julie finally said. “Give me the bottle.”
Ryan swiftly left the room and returned with the bottle of pain killer. Julie shook a handful of pills out and popped them in her mouth. She immediately swallowed them down with some water. Emily did the same thing. Julie waited several moments before speaking.
“How long were they trying to see us?” she asked.
“Almost an hour,” Ryan informed her.
“That’s amazing,” Emily said shakily. “They must have taken all three remote-viewers and put them together so they could all work at the same time in a concerted effort. An expert must have guided them into a trance so they could maintain their efforts for as long as possible.”
“How soon will they be able to do this again?” Julie asked.
“If they burned themselves out, it’ll be at least six hours before they can try again,” Emily said. “But it’s possible they could do a much weaker attack at any time before that.”
“This isn’t good. If they continue every assault like that one, we won’t be able to keep them away. I don’t know if you realize but there were several times I almost let one of them in.”
“We won’t be able to recover as quickly as the three of them,” Emily said. “It’s likely that they will get some information the next time they remote-view us.”
She weakly rose to her feet when she realized what she needed to do. She had found a temporary safe shelter but it was time to go.
“I can’t stay here any longer and continue to jeopardize your life,” Emily said.
“I’m willing to take the risk,” Julie said stridently.
Ryan gazed at her with trepidation and he looked ready to argue.
“This isn’t your decision to make. I’m afraid I have to go now,” Emily said.
She didn’t realize just how weak she was until she began walking toward the door.
“Wait!” Julie said. “It’s unlikely they’ll try again for at least six hours. We can try the linking process one more time. If we succeed, it will strengthen both our psychic abilities and we’ll be better equipped to defend ourselves. If we fail, you’ll have plenty of time to go.”
Emily hesitated at the front door as she deliberated over this offer. If she left now, there was no chance at all to help either Jeremy or Skylar. The risk to Julie would be minimal so there wasn’t too much of a reason not to try this one more time. Emily slowly turned to face her.
“Okay. One more time and if we don’t make it, I’m gone,” Emily said firmly.
“Agreed,” Julie said.
Ryan frowned with disapproval but didn’t try to argue with them. Emily and Julie positioned themselves comfortably in the living room and centered themselves. In spite of the threat of their time constraint and not knowing for sure that the remote-reviewers would leave them alone for several hours, they took their time in the linking process. Ryan left the room so he wouldn’t distract them and was careful to be extremely quiet. In her current meditative state, Emily couldn’t track the time but in the back of her mind, she knew that hours must have gone by. She could clearly sense Julie on a telepathic level and they easily transmitted thoughts to each other but there was no connection. Emily’s doubts and fears snuck up on her little by little and when she became aware of them, she brushed them aside and returned her focus to the matter at hand. She vividly pictured and imagined what a link would feel like.
Without warning, a psychic connection finally snapped into place. A rush of emotion swept over Emily as random memories of Julie flooded through her mind. She had known by Julie’s actions that she possessed a great strength of character but now she saw it and sensed it. The jarring rush of memories, emotions, and thoughts quickly came to an end and was replaced by a powerful sense of well-being. A temporary jump in a telepath’s serotonin levels was one of the side-effects of a new psychic connection. Emily had gleaned this information through one of her visions of the future. She wished she knew more details but there were many gaps in her knowledge about this phenomenon. This was a learning experience for her as well as for Julie.
“Wow! That’s amazing!” Julie exclaimed. “You didn’t tell me it would feel great once we succeeded!”
“I forgot to mention it.” Emily offered a sardonic grin.
Ryan smiled questioningly as he emerged in the room.
“Did it work?” he asked.
“We did it!” Julie exclaimed triumphantly.
“That’s great.” Ryan smiled with relief.
Julie clumsily rose from the couch to give him a quick hug and kiss. 
“How long did it take us?” Emily asked.
“About seven hours,” he confessed. “I was going to interrupt but I knew Julie wouldn’t like it.”
“And you were right,” Julie teased.
Emily frowned with annoyance and puzzlement over her continued risk taking. Julie seemed to harbor a casual disregard for her own life.
“You’re wrong, Emily. I’m just overly confident,” Julie corrected her.
Emily’s face flamed with embarrassment. Now that the psychic connection existed between them, their thoughts weren’t exactly private anymore. Soon, the three remote-viewers returned uninvited and were repelled with just as much difficulty as before. However, Julie and Emily managed to prevent a lock which signaled that the two of them did share a small increase in psychic strength. Julie clutched her head and demanded Excedrin from her husband. After both women had experienced some pain relief, Julie shot Emily an accusing look.
“You said our psychic abilities would increase exponentially,” Julie said.
“In the future, they do. Maybe it takes a couple days for it to kick in or maybe it takes more psychic connections,” Emily said. “There’s a lot I don’t know about it.”
“Hmm,” Julie said disapprovingly.
A sad realization gripped Emily and she knew it was time to leave.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Julie said authoritatively.
“I have to go,” Emily said shakily. “Even together, we’re not going to be able to block the remote-viewers again. We were barely able to do it this time after we’d already formed a psychic connection. I’m putting you in danger. I have to leave.”
“It’s in the middle of the freaking night! You can’t go!”
Emily swallowed as a cold fear threatened to shake her resolve. She’d selfishly allowed the temporary safety that Julie had afforded her to cloud her judgment.
“Wait! Before you go, I need to give you something.” Julie rushed out of the room.
Emily was tempted to just sneak out the door. Ryan eyed her pensively but she could tell he approved of her decision. Julie returned with something in her hand which she slapped into Emily’s grip.
“What’s this?” Emily brought her hand up and gasped with surprise at a pile of twenty dollar bills.
“If you’re going to go gallivanting into the night, at least you’ll be able to rent a room at a hotel,” Julie said.
“I can’t take this,” Emily argued.
“Are you even a legal adult yet?” Julie pressed.
“Yes,” Emily replied.
“Don’t be any more foolish than you already are,” Julie said irritably. “I can’t believe after all the work we went through to create a psychic connection that you’re going to let it fizzle out.”
“We don’t have to be in close proximity to strengthen the connection,” Emily said.
“Make sure that you don’t let it fade away,” Julie warned.
“As long as I’m still alive, I’ll keep the connection strong. It’ll only have to be reinforced for several days,” Emily said. “It hardly takes any effort.”
“Your life wouldn’t even be in danger if you’d let me help you block the remote-viewers.”
“This is for the best,” Emily said.
“Whatever,” Julie said moodily.
Emily slipped out into the night and sank behind the wheel of her car. She pocketed the money then began driving. She headed for the business district and stopped at the first affordable hotel she came to. Because of the new psychic link she possessed, she could feel Julie’s anger pulsing against the back of her mind. Julie was a natural born leader and didn’t appreciate it when people failed to follow her orders. Emily turned out the lights and tossed and turned in bed for quite awhile before dropping to sleep. Some time in the early morning, the intrusive presence of the remote-viewers awakened her. Adrenaline pulsed in Emily’s body as she sat up and shook off the disorientation from sleep. There was no time to waste. The trackers had already locked onto her and had been watching her for an indeterminable length of time. Emily immediately pushed against them and her head pounded with pressure as she forced them away. They continued to seek her out though. She wondered how much they had already learned. Remote-viewers could do more than just see their target; they could intuitively determine location as well.
Emily took a deep breath and maintained the block for as long as possible but they managed to override it. Her head ached terribly and dizziness assailed her senses from the overexertion. She stumbled out of bed and quickly realized she’d have to leave her room for some pain relief. Emily peered out the window and tried to remember where the nearest convenience store was. It was difficult to think clearly against the suffocating cloud of agony that wrapped around her mind. Emily didn’t have anything to pack. She shoved her hotel room key in her pocket and shuffled outdoors in the dark. Street lamps kept illumination to a bare minimum. She could barely muster the strength to walk which meant she was in no condition to drive. Emily gazed at her surroundings but didn’t see a convenience station anywhere. She made her way to the lobby and spotted a bored clerk behind the counter reading a magazine.
“Excuse me,” Emily said weakly as she approached the clerk who was a short, middle aged man with graying brown hair and wore a crisp maroon uniform.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“I have a terrible migraine but I misplaced my medication. Do you have any aspirin or ibuprofen that I could take?” she asked.
“We aren’t allowed to give medication.” He watched her warily as she stood weakly in front of him clutching the counter for support.
“I’m really in bad shape. I can’t drive anywhere like this. Is there a place I could walk to and buy something?” Emily asked.
“I could drive you to a convenience store. I hardly ever see anyone this late at night,” he said.
“Thank you.” Emily smiled gratefully at him.
The remote-viewers retreated as he stepped out from behind the counter. Emily wondered if they had gleaned enough information to determine where she was staying. Would they believe she was still located in Shoreline or had they discovered she’d made it to Richmond Heights? Emily was in too much pain to care one way or the other. The clerk led her to his car which was a compact, silver sedan. As he pulled out onto the road, he introduced himself as Joe.
“I’m Emily,” she said in order to be polite.
“It must be a bummer to get migraines all the time,” he said sympathetically.
“It is.”
In no time at all, they had arrived at the convenience station. Of course, the ibuprofen was way overpriced but Emily couldn’t wait. She also purchased a bottle of water and didn’t even wait for them to reach Joe’s car before taking a handful of pills. When they returned to the hotel, she thanked him profusely before returning to her room.
“Emily, can you hear me?” Julie broadcasted telepathically.
“Yes, I hear you loud and clear,” Emily responded.
“The remote-viewers got a lock on your position,” Julie warned.
“I know. I don’t think they got enough to find me.”
“That’s a big risk to take. You should come back here. Together, we can block them. It will give our psychic connection a chance to strengthen. In a day or two, we’ll know whether our psychic abilities will increase further,” Julie said.
“It’s too great a risk.”
“No, it isn’t. We can block the remote-viewers if we’re together. You weren’t able to do that by yourself.”
“I don’t think the two of us are strong enough to block them out entirely. They’ll get locks for short periods of time even if we’re both working together. I can’t let them see you with me or you’ll be the next telepath that they’ll target for termination,” Emily said.
“We have the best chance for survival if we remain a team,” Julie thought firmly.
“I’ve made up my mind.”
Emily ended their telepathic communication and perched on the edge of her bed. She needed more sleep but how much time did she have before the remote-viewers found her? She decided to take the risk and go back to bed. She awoke several hours later feeling refreshed but anxious. Emily took a quick shower, checked out of the hotel, and headed north out of Richmond Heights. She turned the radio on as she traversed the freeway, listening to the news. The world-wide electrical storms had caused many injuries and some fatalities. Some people hadn’t survived the transformation process while many others had perished in traffic accidents during the storm. Patients flooded the hospitals with varying symptoms resulting from their new psychic abilities. People didn’t yet understand what was happening to them but many others did. Those who discovered their gifts had showed off their talents and the media was skeptically broadcasting the stories as amusing anecdotes. By tomorrow, enough people would prove their psychic abilities to convince the overall public of the transformation. 
Emily sensed the remote-viewers approaching her like dark rain clouds. She pushed against them to make it difficult to maintain a clear lock but didn’t strain herself. She could tell that they were gathering visual information on her surroundings but she was limiting what they could learn. They probably had a good idea where she was located so she had to act quickly. Emily checked the mile marker then gazed down at the map. In another ten miles, she would arrive at an exit. She should probably take it and veer off to the east for awhile to throw them off. She slowed down considerably as she waited for the remote-viewers to withdraw. Cars rushed passed her and drivers gestured angrily at her. Emily continued to wait until the exit was less than a mile away. She had hoped the trackers would stop by now so she could leave without them watching. Emily shoved them out of their lock and immediately turned to the right lane of the freeway. A driving headache quickly formed in her skull. 
She continued to maintain her block as she turned off the freeway and turned onto a state highway. Emily cried out as the pain became almost unbearable and she pulled off to the side of the road. She couldn’t keep the trackers away for much longer. Her hands clenched into tight fists as she fought against them. She breathed a ragged sigh of relief when they finally gave up. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she quickly wiped them away. She leaned her head back to wait for the pain to recede. Finally, Emily pulled back onto the highway and continued her journey. Hopefully, she’d temporarily thrown them off her track and bought herself some more time.

Chapter 6
Jeremy had just finished speaking to his mother when Skylar awakened in the back seat of the truck. After expending so much time and effort lugging his friend’s unconscious body to his vehicle, he was reluctant to return to the house even though his condition made driving extremely dangerous. If he tried driving to the hospital, Jeremy was likely to lose consciousness during a critical point and end up in a fatal accident.
“I’m going back inside,” Skylar announced.
“Wait a second,” Jeremy said. “We need to do something.”
“No doctor can help us. We’re suffering from some sort of brain trauma. Some people gained a psychic ability while others received a death sentence.” Skylar shoved the door open and stumbled out of the truck.
Jeremy shook his head with exasperation and immediately hundreds of voices pummeled his mind. He followed his friend back into the house and they gathered in the living room. Dizziness and fatigue seeped into Jeremy’s body and blackness crept along the edge of his vision. He barely had time to lean back before losing consciousness. The next thing he knew, he was sitting up on the floor beside the couch. Jeremy took stock of his surroundings then picked himself up off the floor.  Skylar was seated at his desk typing swiftly on his desktop computer.
“How long was I out?” Jeremy asked.
“About ten minutes or so,” Skylar said in a distracted tone.
“What are you doing?” Jeremy peered over his friend’s shoulder at the large, flat-screen monitor. 
A blog page on an internet site filled the screen as Skylar perused the information.
“I’m reading everything posted during the last three days that pertains to telepathy,” Skylar said.
“Why?”
“I’m hoping someone knows something.”
“Interesting,” Jeremy said even though just the opposite was true.
He sincerely doubted that anyone afflicted with their condition had discovered any useful information for medical treatment.
“You’d be surprised what you could learn by surfing the net,” Skylar said.
Jeremy sprawled on the couch and wondered what he should do. He turned on the television and tuned into the news. 
“Would you mind turning that down? Everyone’s thoughts are loud enough,” Skylar said.
“Sorry,” Jeremy apologized. 
He knew exactly what hundreds of strangers’ thoughts pummeling at one’s mind could do. He immediately turned the sound down to a very low volume. Electrical storms continued to beat at the Midwest and the Southeastern portions of the United States. Missouri, Nebraska, Florida, and Georgia were now in a state of emergency because of the devastation and continual onslaught of electrical damage. The rest of the electrical storms had dissipated except for much of the Middle East countries and North Africa. Anecdotal stories on psychic phenomenon continued to sprinkle over the news broadcasts as well as live demonstrations. Jeremy was astonished by some of the footage. The most impressive demonstration was performed by a middle-aged woman who was lifting small objects randomly chosen by the reporter and a couple of volunteers and causing these objects to spin madly and glide through the air.
Other demonstrations included those who could apparently read thoughts with ease and individuals who could somehow absorb information from objects pertaining to former owners. Jeremy was fascinated by the telepaths who seemed to suffer no ill effects from their newfound abilities. So far, there were no stories that mentioned any afflictions like the kind that plagued him and Skylar. However, patients who’d lost consciousness during the initial outbreak of the world-wide electrical storms but had failed to awaken flooded the hospitals as relatives and friends discovered them.
“I think I’ve found something,” Skylar said grimly.
“What is it?” Jeremy said.
“Friends and relatives of people like us who’ve posted articles online and also asking for help,” Skylar said.
“But no one knows anything,” Jeremy said.
“Not that I can find but if there’s an answer, I’ll find it here.”
Jeremy sincerely doubted that but it was their best shot. He returned to the couch and watched the news. Numerous shots of devastated homes in Missouri and Nebraska started to add to his depression so he turned off the television.  Skylar continued perusing articles and blogs online for several hours before taking a much needed break. He stuck a frozen pizza in the oven for dinner and set it on the coffee table in the living room when it was ready. Even though Jeremy was starving, his stomach began heaving as soon as he took his first bite. Without warning, he experienced a strange sensation like a spasm in his skull. The platter of pizza slid several inches away from him towards the edge of the table.  Skylar flinched and stared at it. Jeremy felt the same peculiar sensation accompanied by the platter of pizza sliding yet again even farther and faster.  Skylar reached out and pulled it toward the center of the table.
“You did that,” Skylar said.
“I think so,” Jeremy said with amazement.
A powerfully sharp and vivid scene jumped into his mind of his living room. A dark-haired woman burst into the room and made a beeline for his desk, opened the drawer where his address book was kept, and pulled it out. She thumbed through it until she came to Skylar’s name. She said the address out loud. The angle of the room abruptly shifted and Jeremy could now see the woman’s face. She bore a remarkable resemblance to his sister, Emily. Her brown eyes looked up and gazed out the window to study the front yard as if checking for something. Jeremy intuitively knew that this young woman was in fact his younger sister and that he was seeing an unknown point in the future. The sun shone dimly through the window which made him realize it was early in the morning. Emily hastily rushed over to the front door and emerged from the house only to be shot in the chest three times by a man hidden behind a cluster of bushes near the sidewalk. The vision abruptly ended and a cold horror washed over Jeremy at what he’d just witnessed. His sister hadn’t died all those years ago but she would die very soon. Questions swirled chaotically through his mind about what had happened to her. He remembered his mother telling him she’d passed away. The police had found her charred remains and had gained a positive ID via dental records and some of her personal affects. A grim determination to ensure Emily’s survival took hold of Jeremy.
“Emily,” Skylar murmured with shocked amazement. “She’s alive.”
Jeremy’s gaze locked with his friend’s as he realized that he’d telepathically seen the vision.
“We have to save her,” Jeremy said. 
“She’s going to be at your house in the morning. Do you think it’s tomorrow?” Skylar asked.
“We could drive down to my house but it’ll be risky. It’s already dark out and neither one of us can guarantee that we’ll be conscious for the entire trip,” Jeremy said.
“I think we have a better chance of making it there alive if you do the driving,” Skylar said.
Before Jeremy could remark on that, his unwanted telepathy kicked in again. A myriad of thoughts churned chaotically through his mind.
“I wouldn’t be too sure of that,” Jeremy said weakly.
“Hmm.” Skylar regarded him with concern.
He left the room to take some more painkiller and offered some to Jeremy.
“I think we’re getting better. I haven’t passed out for hours now,” Skylar said wryly.
“Very funny,” Jeremy said. He knew it was risky to drive in his current condition but he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to see his sister again and he wasn’t about to lose her again without a fight. “Let’s go.”
“Let me get something first.”  Skylar briefly left the room and returned with a revolver tucked in his jeans. “I’m going to shoot the bastard that killed Emily.”
They strode purposefully outside and Skylar grunted as he lost his footing. He picked himself up off the ground as he clutched his head in both hands as if afraid it would fly away. He quickly sank into the passenger seat of Jeremy’s truck before promptly passing out. Jeremy swallowed nervously before engaging Skylar’s seatbelt, starting the engine and carefully taking his vehicle out onto the road. Hopefully, he could anticipate his own loss of consciousness and pull over if necessary before causing an accident. He decided that it was best to avoid the freeway. He’d only driven for a very short distance when his telepathy kicked in. Jeremy immediately slowed his truck and pulled over at the first opportunity. The car behind him honked hard and long as he or she passed by. Disorientation and dizziness assaulted his mind along with the thoughts of hundreds of people.
Jeremy squeezed his eyes shut as nausea made his stomach heave. He rolled down the window just in case. Unexpectedly, a vision popped into his mind, obliterating the telepathic assault. The scene showed him Emily pulling up to his driveway in a blue sedan. She jumped out of the vehicle and a joyous smile curved her lips at the sight of Jeremy stepping out from the front door. He rushed over to his sister as Skylar emerged from the house with his revolver clutched in his right hand and pointing at the bushes. Emily’s gaze locked onto the gun with concern and her eyes widened in alarm.  Skylar fired the revolver three times. The mysterious gunman fired back and hit him in the shoulder.  Skylar’s revolver slipped from his grasp and he clutched the bullet wound. The gunman stepped from the bushes. He was a tall, blond man with icy blue eyes dressed in jeans and a loose fitting black shirt. He had a bullet wound in his lower left leg but the injury didn’t hamper his ability to shoot. He limped forward a step and aimed his gun at Emily. Before anyone could react, he fired twice. Jeremy flinched and snapped out of his vision.  Skylar hadn’t stopped the gunman from murdering Emily. Jeremy waited for several moments to see if his telepathy would kick in. When nothing happened, he pulled his vehicle back onto the road and resumed his journey. 
Obviously, they needed to outsmart the gunman. They would need to set up a trap for him. For some reason, the killer was following Emily. Now that Jeremy knew exactly where the man would strike, maybe Skylar could position himself in the neighboring yard so he could shoot the killer from behind. Jeremy’s shoulders sagged with relief when he finally made it to his house.  Skylar was still unconscious beside him and showed no signs of waking up anytime soon. A heavy fatigue still clung to Jeremy and he knew he didn’t have the strength to haul his friend into his home. He waited for quite awhile before Skylar stirred and his eyes opened.
“It’s about time,” Jeremy grumbled sleepily.
The two of them dragged themselves into the house and prepared for bed. Jeremy set his alarm for six in the morning so they’d be awake in plenty of time to set up a plan of action to protect Emily from the killer stalking her. It turned out that events didn’t go according to plan. When Jeremy blearily opened his eyes in the morning, bright sunlight shone through the window and his alarm was blaring loudly beside him. He reached out to shut it off and his eyes widened with horror as he noted that it was after ten. Adrenaline shot through him as he leapt out of bed and raced out the front door. His truck was the only vehicle parked in the driveway and there was no sign of Emily’s body. He stared at the spot where she’d died in his vision then shifted his gaze over to the cluster of bushes that the gunman had taken refuge in. Jeremy could tell that it was much later in the morning than what he’d seen in his vision. Either Emily had already arrived and died or she hadn’t yet.
Jeremy stepped back inside his house and slammed the door shut. He checked on Skylar in the guest room. First, he knocked on the closed door but after waiting several moments, Jeremy realized something was wrong. He opened the door and stepped inside to find Skylar fast asleep under the covers.
“ Skylar! It’s time to get up!” Jeremy said loudly.
His friend failed to stir so he repeated himself and received the same lack of response. Jeremy nudged Skylar on the shoulder but that didn’t help either. A cold fear washed over him as he watched his friend who lay unmoving and wondered if he was dying. Jeremy went to the living room and sprawled on his couch thinking hard over his predicament. Somehow, he knew that both he and Skylar were dying but he didn’t know precisely when. Jeremy had tried not to think about it but now he couldn’t ignore it. He wished he knew what to do. His mother had received a vision of him having an accident on the way over to the hospital but he’d avoided it by staying with Skylar and had lost consciousness in the house instead of while driving. He wondered if his mother had received any other visions about him. She probably would have called him again but Jeremy wanted to be sure. He felt compelled to do something rather than just wait to die. He went to the kitchen to pick up the phone and dial Kate’s number.
“Hello?” she said.
Relief and a sense of security rushed over him even though his situation hadn’t changed.
“Mom, it’s me,” Jeremy said.
“Honey, what’s wrong?” Kate asked with concern.
“I’m dying,” he said.
“What makes you say that?” she asked.
“I just know it. It’s one of my new abilities. I have more than one psychic ability and I think it’s given me brain damage or something.”
“You should probably go to the hospital,” Kate said.
“There’s nothing they can do,” Jeremy said. “ Skylar’s not going to make it either. I was wondering if you saw anything that might tell me what’s going on or some way out of this.”
“I just saw the car accident is all,” Kate said. “You can’t just stay at home. You need to get yourself to the hospital.”
“I haven’t told you everything yet,” Jeremy said shakily. “Emily’s alive. I had a vision that she will come here early in the morning. The problem is I don’t know what day.”
“Tell me everything you saw,” Kate said in a voice that was thick with emotion.
Jeremy told her his entire vision and then explained the second one he had.
“I think that Emily is coming to see you really soon and she will have lots to tell you,” Kate said fervently. “She’s disappeared for over ten years and has somehow found you even though your address is unlisted. She’s coming to you for a reason. I think she may be able to help.  Skylar was awake in your vision so he’s not at death’s doorstep just yet. My guess is that Emily will arrive in a day or two. You’ve got to be ready, honey. I’ve discovered that I can direct my visions a little bit so I’m going to try and see what’s going on with her. The minute I get anything, I’ll call and let you know. Right now, you need to think positive and prepare for that killer. I know you’ve just told me you’re setting up a trap for him but you and Skylar should both be armed.”
“I can’t shoot anyone,” Jeremy protested.
“You may have to, sweetie. If you think positive and plan ahead, I know everything will turn out for the best,” Kate said stridently. “Now, I’d better be going. We both have a lot of work to do. I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
Jeremy hung up the phone and wondered where he would get another firearm. He wasn’t registered to carry one. Jeremy remembered the pizza plate that had slid across Skylar’s coffee table last night. Perhaps he didn’t need a firearm at all. He grabbed a spoon and set it down on the living room table. He’d seen people on the news levitate spoons with nothing more than the power of the mind and yesterday, he’d seen evidence that he shared in this ability. Jeremy concentrated on the spoon for several moments but it just lay there. He remembered the strange sensation he’d experienced yesterday when the pizza had slid across the table and he imagined the feeling as he focused on the spoon. It suddenly jerked several inches away from him. Jeremy flinched with surprise even though he’d been picturing the spoon sliding away in that direction. He hadn’t expected it to happen so suddenly and he’d been imagining a smooth, sliding movement rather than the quick one that had occurred. 
News reporters had referred to the ability as telekinesis. He spent the next hour honing this ability until he had to take a rest. A dull ache pounded behind his eyes as he sprawled on the couch. He was surprised by how quickly he’d learned to control this new talent. He could lift the spoon with his mind and shove it across the table in any direction he wanted; however, severe limitations also thwarted his plan to utilize this psychic ability as a weapon. He could apply a quick, sudden pressure equivalent to a forceful shove but it couldn’t be sustained for more than a couple of seconds. He could lift very light objects in the air for several moments at a time but nothing heavier than two or three ounces. With his current ability, it couldn’t be utilized as an effective weapon and Jeremy had a feeling that he’d just about maxed out the full range of his telekinesis. He’d never seen anyone on television demonstrate anything better than what he’d just done.
After resting for a moment, Jeremy fixed himself a mug of coffee and mulled over his situation. He wondered what ability Emily possessed and where’d she’d been all these years. Would she be able to help him and Skylar with the negative side effects that came with their newfound talents? As he pondered his sister’s disappearance, a sudden knowingness that she’d been kidnapped blossomed in his mind followed by the realization that she’d possessed some sort of psychic ability before the electrical storms. Jeremy felt a pressure building in his skull as he leapt to the conclusion that Emily must have been kidnapped due to her psychic ability. Her ability had obviously been exploited or studied for many years. Elaborate measures had been taken to fake her death so more than one individual must be responsible. It was probably a company that researched psychic phenomena and had existed for at least the length of time Emily was missing. It must have gathered a wealth of data by now. The pressure in Jeremy’s skull became a sharp, pounding headache as ideas flooded his mind. He knew this was some sort of psychic ability but had no idea what to call it. 
Abruptly, hundreds of loud telepathic voices cascaded through his mind, washing out the intuitive knowledge that had previously flooded in. Jeremy clutched his head with both hands as his headache became unbearable. He couldn’t think against the loud telepathic thoughts that drowned out his own. He stood up from the couch and dizziness slammed into him like a physical force as a multitude of scenes overlapped in his vision to supersede what really existed in front of him. When his telepathy mercifully shut down, he found himself lying on the floor beside the couch staring up at the ceiling. Jeremy slowly sat up then went to the bathroom for some ibuprofen.  Skylar finally woke up in the late afternoon. Jeremy filled him in on what he’d missed.
“I can’t believe I slept for over thirteen hours,” Skylar said.
“I tried to wake you up but it was like you were in a coma or something,” Jeremy said apologetically.
“That’s fine. Don’t worry about it. I must have needed the sleep,” Skylar said with an anxious frown. “Kate hasn’t called back yet?”
“No.”
“Do you think you have enough control of your telekinesis that you could shove the gunman’s hand and pull the trigger?” Skylar asked.
“Possibly but I’ll need to practice. That’s a good idea.”
“Too bad I don’t have another gun or I’d give it to you,” Skylar said.
“It wouldn’t do any good since I’ve never practiced,” Jeremy replied.
 Skylar shrugged dismissively. “What should we do now?”
“We should eat something. Neither one of us has had more than one slice of pizza in more than a day.”
“I don’t think we’ll be able to hold anything down.”
“We need to keep our strength up. Emily may be able to help us if we can save her from that gunman. I think there will be more than one. My vision always ends after seeing just a small bit of action. I strongly suspect he has at least one partner with him,” Jeremy said.
“You’re right. We should be prepared for that,” Skylar said grimly.

Chapter 7
Anxiety clawed at Emily’s gut as she turned her car onto Jeremy’s street and wondered if he would be there. Julie had contacted her telepathically last night to let her know she’d discovered Jeremy’s street address in Bothell which matched the house and street number that Emily had already known but assumed was a Seattle address. After discovering where her brother lived, Emily had failed to fall asleep and had finally decided around three in the morning that she would just go. It was now early in the morning and if luck was with her, Jeremy would be at home sleeping. Emily had tried to direct her precognitive abilities to gaze at the near future but couldn’t do it. For some reason, there were factors that caused her future and her brother’s to remain uncertain. Emily feared that the only explanation was that the remote-viewers had figured out where she was and were tracking her. 
She had failed to block them numerous times yesterday and once this morning. She hated to think they would catch up with her shortly after she rejoined her brother. Hopefully, Jeremy would be home and she could get him to leave with her immediately. Emily recognized this street from the visions she’d had a several weeks ago. This was definitely the right place. Julie had accurately determined the address of Jeremy Winters. Emily fervently wished she could catch a glimpse of her own future or that of her brother’s. Adrenaline shot through her body as her gaze fixed on his large house and his sprawling yard. She parked in the driveway next to his SUV and stepped away from her car on weak, shaky legs. Excitement poured through her when the front door opened and Jeremy emerged. His gaze immediately bore into hers as if he were expecting her.
“Emily, get down now!” Jeremy said in an authoritative tone that she’d never heard him use before.
Emily found herself mindlessly complying with his order, ducking behind the hood of her sedan before she could finish walking past it. Gun shots rang out and she flinched as the windshield of her car shattered. Emily’s heart raced as she peeked over the hood of her car and saw movement by a cluster of bushes at the edge of Jeremy’s yard next to the sidewalk. A tall, blond man with icy blue eyes stood there with his gun aimed at Jeremy. His arm suddenly jerked down and he shot himself in the foot. He savagely cursed then swung his gun out to aim at Jeremy again. The weapon jerked out of his grip before he could fire it and landed on the ground a short distance away so that it was positioned between himself and Jeremy. Jeremy lunged forward toward it but the gunman did the same. Emily left the safety of her shelter to run toward the two men. The killer reached the gun first. Jeremy was still running and was far too close to miss. The killer began to raise the gun and Emily could see there was no possible way for Jeremy to reach him in time. Emily’s eyes squeezed shut and she bit back a sob of frustration. Three shots were fired in rapid succession and an anguished death rattle reached her ears. She knelt on the edge of the driveway and waited for the killer to finish her off.
A tense, deathly silence greeted her ears. She opened her eyes and saw Jeremy striding toward her. The gunman lay face down on the lawn with three bullet wounds in his back and his gun lying several feet away from his right hand. Emily gazed at her brother with confusion then saw Skylar standing directly behind the gunman with a revolver clutched in his right hand.
“Emily, you’re alive,” Jeremy said with profound relief.
He swept her up in a bear hug and she laughed joyously. Skylar joined them and gave her a quick hug as well.
“How is this possible?” Emily asked. “You knew I was coming?”
“Yes, we did,” Jeremy said. “We have a lot to discuss.”
“I knocked the other guy out. Their car is parked down the street.” Skylar motioned with his hand.
“The other guy?” Emily echoed.
“Yes, you were followed here,” Jeremy said.
“They’re security operatives from Psi Tech. They’ll kill all of us,” Emily said desperately. “We have to leave now.”
“I agree. We’ll take my car,” Jeremy stated. “You should drive.”
Emily was taken aback by his willingness to just take off and go. She gazed at her brother with confusion as she hadn’t expected their reunion to be anything like this.
“We can talk while you drive,” Jeremy said as he used his remote to unlock the doors then handed her the keys. “Skylar and I have already packed the trunk.”
“You have?” Emily climbed into his SUV.
She clutched the steering wheel in both hands and stared numbly ahead as her heart pounded wildly in her chest.
“I’m not sure what’s going to happen now but I’m sure there are others on their way here now. We have to get going,” Jeremy prodded her.
“Right,” Emily said shakily.
She started the engine and pulled away from her brother’s house. She wordlessly followed her brother’s directions until she ended up on a highway heading east.
“Okay. You’re obviously aware that you have precognition and telekinesis because you’ve used them very strategically,” Emily said slowly. “How much do you know?”
“I know that you were kidnapped by a company that researches psychic abilities and that you’ve escaped and they want to kill you,” Jeremy said. “That’s about it.”
Emily nodded her head as she organized her thoughts. She took a deep breath then filled him and Skylar in on the rest of the details. She kept her description brief but it still took about an hour to give them just the bare essentials.
“Wow,” Skylar said from the back seat. “This is really intense.”
“So how long do we have to live?” Jeremy asked.
“You have about a week but probably less,” Emily told him. “But we should start right away on joining the psychic network between myself and Julie.  Skylar and I should go first and then hopefully, with our combined efforts, we can bring you in.”
“You weren’t able to see whether or not they tested their theory on multipaths so it may not even be possible for me to join this telepathic connection,” Jeremy said.
“I believe it’s possible. Multipaths have telepathy. Your telepathy should be enough to connect,” Emily said passionately.
“But even if that’s possible, there’s no reason to assume that my abilities will stop building pressure in the brain.”
“We have to think positive,” Emily said.
“That’s what Mom said when I talked to her earlier,” Jeremy said.
“Does Mom know I’m alive?” Emily asked.
“Yes, I told her,” Jeremy said.
“Wow!” Emily exclaimed. “I can’t wait to talk to her.”
She stiffened reflexively when she sensed a remote-viewer approaching. She pushed against the individual but two more came and the strain quickly built. She wouldn’t be able to keep them away for more than a minute or two. She realized that Jeremy had spoken but she hadn’t heard what he’d said.
“I can’t talk now,” she bit out.
“It’s the remote-viewers, isn’t it?” Jeremy asked quietly.
Emily didn’t bother responding. She was trying to turn to the next lane over on the right but there was too much traffic. She couldn’t concentrate hard enough to keep the trackers away. She could feel them starting to slip past her but before they could lock onto her position, something else pushed them away. Emily continued to apply pressure and after a moment realized that Skylar was helping. When the remote-viewers finally gave up, she was relieved to know that they hadn’t learned any information regarding her whereabouts. The three of them were still safe from detection. She glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw Skylar’s pale face.
“Are you all right?” she asked.
“No,” he said weakly.
Emily bit her lip hard and guilt overwhelmed her. She’d come to save them but was instead putting them in more danger. Soon, Skylar passed out and slumped forward but his seat belt kept him from falling to the floor.
“He’ll be all right,” Jeremy said reassuringly.
“I wish I could say that was true,” Emily stated. “But we both know it isn’t.”
Time for both Skylar and Jeremy was running out fast. Emily sensed a presence and realized Julie was trying to communicate.
“What is it, Julie?” Emily asked.
“I know what just happened,” Julie said with concern. “Now that you know Skylar is capable of helping to block out the remote-viewers, you should consider coming over here. We can bring him into our telepathic network.”
“We can’t block them out while we’re occupied with the connection process,” Emily argued.
“We did it before. It’s merely an interruption. I think it will be easier for us this time since we are already connected. Don’t be so damned stubborn.”
“All right. I’ll be there in about an hour,” Emily said.
Julie withdrew telepathically and Emily sighed loudly. She felt conflicted about returning for a variety of reasons. She informed Jeremy of the change in plans.
“It sounds good to me,” he said.
“We’ll be putting a future leader of our kind in danger,” Emily said.
“Our kind?” Jeremy asked. “You mean telepaths?”
“Yes,” Emily said in a subdued tone as she realized she had categorized herself and wondered when she’d done it. “I know I’m not a true telepath but my secondary gift is strong enough that I’m part of a network.”
“I wouldn’t call a two person connection a network,” Jeremy said.
“I didn’t realize how the years would change you,” Emily teased. “You’ve become argumentative.”
Jeremy smiled and shrugged. “I admit I’ve gotten just a tad bitter in my old age.”
Emily and Jeremy used to make jokes about getting old. It was comforting to her how easily they slipped back into their normal bantering. The presence of the remote-viewers returned. Emily let Jeremy know and blocked them.
“Can you help with this?” she asked.
“I’ve never intentionally activated my telepathy before,” Jeremy said. “I’m not sure if I can.”
“Please try,” Emily said.
She turned into the right lane and watched for a place she could pull over. Her head pounded with the strain as she continued to block the remote-viewers. She wasn’t strong enough to keep them out for long. Emily’s knuckles bulged as her grip tightened on the steering wheel. She pulled off the highway and the SUV rolled to a stop. She closed her eyes and devoted all of her attention on blocking the trackers but could feel them starting to slip through. A moment later, they locked onto her and she could feel them watching.
“I couldn’t keep them out,” Emily bit out with frustration.
“I’m sorry. I can’t control my telepathy. It turns on and off randomly,” Jeremy apologized.
Emily leaned her head back against the seat and fervently wished that her connection with Julie had strengthened her considerably more. They were sitting ducks now. Emily took deep breaths as the pain in her skull made it difficult to think. She needed some painkiller.
“Did you pack anything for headaches?” Emily asked.
“Yes, I did.”
Jeremy got out of the truck and opened the back. He returned with a couple bottles of water and a bottle of Excedrin. Emily quickly swallowed several pills down and continued driving. She could sense the remote-viewers continuing to observe but they would soon be gone.
“Are you still going to Julie’s house?” Jeremy asked.
“Yes,” Emily said uncertainly. She was silently debating the wisdom of visiting Julie.
“She’s willing to take the risk,” Jeremy pointed out.
“I thought you didn’t have control of your telepathy,” Emily said accusingly.
“It doesn’t take a mind-reader to tell you’ve got a guilty conscience.”
Emily frowned thoughtfully as she considered this. She sensed the remote-viewers retreat and relaxed a little.  Skylar awakened by the time they reached Julie’s house which had four cars parked in the street around it.
“What’s going on here?” Skylar asked.
“I don’t know,” Emily said.
“Don’t panic. We have some visitors. They’re all telepaths,” Julie’s voice drifted into Emily’s mind.
“What are they doing here?” Emily asked disapprovingly.
“I contacted Tim yesterday. He leads a meditation group and three of them have become telepaths. We were planning on connecting earlier but we’re waiting for you to join us with Skylar.”
“Do they realize the danger they’re in?” Emily demanded.
“Oh, please. We’ve got four telepaths here. We’ll easily block any remote-viewers,” Julie said scornfully. “You need to stop being such a Debbie Downer.”
“It’s okay, Emily,” Skylar said. “They’re willing to help us and we could really use the help.”
“You heard that?” she asked.
“Loud and clear,” Skylar replied.
Emily sighed and threw open her door. She, Jeremy, and Skylar strode to the house where Julie and the others were waiting. Tim was a middle-aged man with thinning blond hair and blue eyes. He introduced the members of his meditation group which were Eileen, Frank, and Lily. Eileen and Frank wore casual clothes and were Tim’s age while Lily was in her late twenties.
“It’s amazing how fast everything is happening,” Tim said. “We’ve only just received our psychic gifts and have learned a great deal about the future.”
“Yes, it’s overwhelming,” Eileen said.
“Are you okay with all of this?” Emily asked her.
“No, I’m not but we aren’t going to survive if we don’t develop our full potential as quickly as possible,” Eileen said.
Emily nodded in agreement and realized that she was being a bit stubborn and short-sighted by separating herself from other telepaths.
“We should get started as quickly as possible,” Tim said smoothly. “If everyone would please take a seat.”
They all made themselves comfortable in the living room. Soothing music flowed from the stereo. Ryan shut off the lights before taking up a position beside his wife. She patted him affectionately on the leg before Tim guided everyone into a deep meditation. His smooth voice drifted over them and Emily marveled at how quickly and easily she approached a deep, relaxed state of consciousness.  Tim must have intuitively known when everyone was ready to proceed to the next step because he began telepathically conversing with the group.
“It’s time to visualize the link between us and to feel it,” Tim said directly into their minds.
He gave an easy but detailed construct for them to visualize and Emily followed his instructions. He was utilizing her process as she had performed it with Julie but made a few modifications. Emily expected a long period of time to ensue but she felt a connection snap into place very quickly. It was much sooner than she’d anticipated and her eyes snapped open. Euphoria rushed through her as their minds linked together. Memories from the others danced through her consciousness and she recognized some of them as Skylar’s. Emily smiled with relief over the fact that he’d succeeded in joining with them.
“We did it!” Julie exclaimed telepathically.
“This feels amazing,” Eileen said.
“Skylar, how are you feeling?” Emily regarded him with concern.
 Skylar smiled at her and his skin was no longer pallid.
“I feel great,” he responded.
Emily’s attention fixed on her brother and she could tell he wasn’t linked with the rest of them. She couldn’t feel him in the network.
“It’s okay,” Jeremy said. “We knew it probably wouldn’t work for me.”
“It will work for you,” Julie said firmly. “We’ll just have to keep trying.”
“In the meantime, we should be going,” Tim said to Frank, Eileen, and Lily who slowly stood up from the couch.
“There’s no need to rush off,” Julie protested.
“We have a lot of work to do. We need to identify as many telepaths as we can so we can extend our network,” Tim stated. “That was the plan if you’ll recall.”
“Of course,” Julie agreed.
She escorted them to the front door and wished them well. When she turned to face the others, she smiled brightly.
“That was a huge step in our plan,” Julie remarked.
“What plan?” Jeremy asked.
“Our plan to make this world a safe place for telepaths,” Julie told him.
“You make it sound feasible.” Skylar regarded her with a musing look.
“It’s a very realistic goal,” Julie informed him.
“I disagree,” Emily interjected with a dour frown. “There are literally thousands of telepaths that we would need to find if we want to bring them into our network.”
“I’ve been modifying my plan and will continue to develop it as we continue to achieve our goals,” Julie said confidently. “Things will happen faster than you think.”
“How can you possibly hope to create a network of thousands before Psi Tech finds us?” Emily asked. “You realize that you’re on the list to be terminated.”
“It won’t take so long,” Julie said. “Quit being so pessimistic.”
“Okay,” Emily said slowly. “I have to admit that I wasn’t expecting that we’d have a small network like this within just a couple of days.”
“That’s my girl,” Julie said approvingly.
“I can’t believe this,” Skylar said with awe.
“What is it?” Julie asked.
“My energy is returning. I’m feeling like I’m returning to normal. I don’t think I’m dying anymore.”
“Of course you’re not dying. You’ll be fine now that you’re part of a psychic network,” Julie said confidently. “Didn’t Emily tell you?”
“Yes, but it didn’t really sink in,” Skylar said. “I’ve felt so awful the last four days that I had kind of lost hope.”
“We’ll need to work on Jeremy later this evening,” Julie said briskly.
“I still don’t understand why being linked telepathically to other people has healed me. If my telepathy was so strong that it was giving me brain damage, wouldn’t it be worse now that it’s even stronger?” Skylar asked.
“Your ability is stronger but you’re also in greater control of your ability. I don’t understand all of the benefits of being part of a psychic network. I only saw glimpses of the distant future when it was newly discovered,” Emily replied.
The dark presence of Psi-Tech’s remote-viewers approached. Emily and Julie immediately created mental barricades and easily prevented the intruders from locking onto their position.
“Our abilities have exponentially increased,” Julie said. “I’m barely exerting any effort at all. This is child’s play.”
“We won’t have any trouble hiding from them now,” Emily said with relief.
Soon, the remote-viewers were forced to leave. Emily smiled triumphantly and exchanged a victorious high-five with Julie.

Chapter 8
The humid, Florida heat bore down on Sharon as she climbed out of her blue rental sedan. She briefly fingered the name badge clipped to the upper right-hand portion of her crisp, blue business suit as she nervously gazed at the large building that mirrored the one where she worked. She still couldn’t believe George Hendricks, CEO of Psi-Tech Research & Development Industries, had demanded her presence here at the Sarasota facility. It had been a strange and disturbing telephone call that had brought her to this location which was the company headquarters and consequently, where most of the top secret clearance projects were performed. When Sharon had answered her phone, George had tersely asked her to verify her new psychic post-transformation abilities as a level six intuitive and a secondary level four empath. After she verified the accuracy of this information, George had ordered her to take the quickest flight to the Sarasota branch location to meet with him over an important discovery.
Before the electrical storms, Sharon hadn’t possessed one iota of empathic talent which was extremely beneficial. It also came with nerve-wracking side effects. Empathy and telepathy were two of the worst high maintenance gifts that individuals could possess. Two of the most useful tools provided to empaths were the ability to detect lies and the ability to manipulate the emotions of others. She swallowed nervously as she approached the building. Sharon was relieved to step into the cool interior and leave the hot outdoors behind her. The lobby was spacious and sported a long, oak desk where the receptionist sat. She was a medium-set, middle-aged brunette wearing a blue blouse with a name badge that identified her as Pamela. She was typing swiftly at her computer with an intent frown on her face. She looked up sharply and offered a cool, detached smile.
“Hello, can I help you?” Pamela said.
“I’m Sharon Richardson from the Seattle branch with an appointment to see Mr. Hendricks.”
Pamela nodded curtly. “He’s been expecting you. I’ll let him know you’re here. Please, have a seat, Ms. Richardson.”
“Thanks,” Sharon murmured.
She sat down on one of the forest-green, cushioned chairs in the waiting area. Pamela tapped briefly into her computer then looked up with surprise.
“Ms. Richardson, Mr. Hendricks will be here in just a moment,” she announced.
“Thank you.” Sharon smiled confidently in spite of the nerves jangling within her.
Normally, George didn’t bother with personally greeting and escorting guests because he considered such tasks beneath him and therefore a waste of time. Sharon couldn’t help but notice this deviation in his routine and wondered if her new ability of empathy was an asset that had caught his attention. Her intuition was stronger now but currently not telling her anything. Soon, the door to the lobby opened and George entered the room. He was a short, thin man with piercing green eyes, tiny lips and thinning brown hair that left a sizeable bald spot on the top of his head. He wore a green dress shirt and black slacks with black Italian loafers.
“Sharon, I’m glad you could make it,” he said.
As she stood up, an almost tangible wave of terror struck her and she almost lost her balance. Sharon gripped the armrest of her chair as her knees threatened to buckle. She quickly covered her emotional lapse by adopting a confident expression on her face and blocking the emotional psychic transmission that pummeled against her. She could only keep a small fraction of the empathic attack from striking against her mind. Sharon knew George was a moderately powerful empath as a result of the transformation brought on by the electrical storms but hadn’t realized it was such an effective weapon. Adrenaline pumped through Sharon’s bloodstream and her heart raced as she fought the instinct to run. The impulse to flee was so powerful that she could barely restrain herself. She didn’t know how much longer she could hold out.
“Is something troubling you, Sharon?” George asked.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Sharon bit out savagely.
“You hide your fear very well but a toddler could construct a better empathic block than that,” George said coolly.
His empathic attack abruptly halted and Sharon wanted to sag with relief but retained her false, confident composure. She wouldn’t show weakness to either him or the receptionist.
“I’m curious as to why you demanded my immediate arrival here,” Sharon said.
“I’ll bet you are,” George said arrogantly. “Let’s proceed to business then.”
He opened the door for her in a blatant display of false chivalry. She sailed past him without comment then followed him down the hall to the elevator.
“We’re about to meet someone very special,” George said.
“Oh?” Sharon said.
“We have a lot to discuss,” he said evasively.
She sensed his satisfaction over making her wait for answers. He enjoyed the power and control he exerted over others. The elevator doors slid open and the two of them traversed down the hall to his office. Sharon shot him a questioning look before stepping inside. He closed the door and sank into his black leather chair behind his massive, polished mahogany desk. He steepled his fingers and smiled coolly at her.
“This company has theorized that empaths have a greater potential than was once believed due to similarities to telepathy. As you already know, telepathy and empathy can both be used as a weapon but at the same time, the side-effects counter balance the effectiveness of any psychic attacks. That isn’t to say we can’t utilize them as such but the potential is directly limited to your emotional discipline and control,” George lectured her. He paused to smirk in an obnoxious, patronizing manner before continuing. “Anytime empathy is used to cause negative emotions in a target, the empath suffers the same impact but it can be diluted with the proper shielding and emotional control.”
“In other words, you felt the same fear that you were using against me in the lobby?” Sharon asked innocently.
“Precisely,” George said although his green eyes flashed with displeasure over her thinly disguised barb. “My mental block prevented me from feeling the full effects. I only felt a very minor amount of what I was inflicting on you. Your pitiful attempts to stop me offered you no real protection, by the way.”
“I’ve read the instructions for learning to control my new empathic abilities but haven’t had the chance to practice much.”
“You’ll need to make the time to practice. It’s imperative that you strengthen this skill.”
“Yes, sir. I will make it a priority.”
“One of the main reasons I called you here was the new discovery we’ve made here with empathic abilities. As soon as we found out about the serious threat that telepaths posed, many theories over developing our own power base surfaced. One theory to increase our abilities and level the playing field between ourselves and the telepaths is to create a psychic network of our own. Empaths are more common than telepaths and it was hypothesized that they could connect in the same way that telepaths do. We haven’t been able to put this theory to the test until now. There are four empaths employed in the Sarasota branch of Psi-Tech and I am one of them. We followed the same technique that telepaths use for creating a psychic connection and prepared weeks in advance. I am pleased to announce that we succeeded as of yesterday. I am part of this network and my empathic ability has jumped to that of a level nine. Unfortunately, none of the empaths’ secondary abilities have increased; only the empathic ability itself grows stronger so the telepaths still have a greater advantage.”
Sharon was shocked to hear this news because it hadn’t occurred to her. This theory hadn’t been hinted to her at all. Trust George to keep all of this valuable information to himself.
“This will certainly strengthen our position but everything is going according to plan. Most telepaths will be executed before they can even discover their full potential. They are no longer a threat,” Sharon said.
“You’re wrong. My precognitives have seen disturbing changes in the future timeline which is continuously shifting. It looks like the telepaths are still going to be a threat but things are still uncertain. They’re going to create a psychic network sooner than was originally foreseen and the key element involved in this change is Emily Winters. You were supposed to execute her at your facility along with the other prisoners but instead, you allowed her to escape due to sloppy security work,” George said in a disapproving tone.
“I’m sorry for the lapse in security. I’ve been working round the clock on tracking her down. We’ve used all our remote-viewers but she’s somehow discovered how to block them. I’ve got the psychometrists working on it but they haven’t found anything useful,” Sharon said.
“I don’t need to hear your excuses. You’d be in serious trouble for your continued incompetence if you hadn’t gained your new empathic talent which will enable you to join our psychic network and thereby strengthen it with your participation. You have barely enough secondary talent to do so. Once you’ve successfully linked with us, you can return to the Seattle branch facility and link with the two empaths you have employed for you there,” George said.
Sharon smiled with relief but a bit of anxiety also stirred at the idea of being linked with other employees.
“Can you hear the thoughts of those in your psychic network?” she asked warily.
“Yes, but it takes a great deal of concentration,” he replied. “It’s a tool but a limited one.”
Sharon nodded and was comforted by this news as she wouldn’t have to worry about other participants, such as George, listening in on her thoughts uninvited.
“Time is of the essence so we will begin our work immediately,” George said. “The members of the psychic network are waiting for us down the hall. We will prepare for the link and draw you in. It should be a quicker and easier transition for you than it was for us since we started out from scratch.”
“I see,” Sharon said.
Fear began to take root as she considered the possibility that she may have trouble successfully joining their network. George wasn’t exactly known for his patience and he was already irked with her for allowing Emily to escape. It sounded like Emily was becoming a serious threat to the company. George led Sharon down the hall to a spacious meeting room with a long white table, a projector screen for presentations, a small desk sporting a computer locked away in the corner, and an artificial tree in another corner. A middle-aged man with gray hair, blue eyes and a wary look on his face sat on the far end of the table. A young woman in her early twenties with blond hair and blue eyes sat beside him. They were both impeccably dressed with professional business attire and looked guarded as though they were expecting trouble. A third individual sat across from them with his back to the door. He was a slim teenager, with curly black hair and small ears wearing a blue dress shirt and black slacks that were about four sizes too large and therefore draped over his body in a way that gave him a sloppy look.
George and Sharon stepped farther into the room. George began introductions with the middle-aged man who was Frank. The woman positioned beside him was Jacqueline.
“And this is Kevin,” George said.
The teenager turned to gaze at Sharon which revealed a face laden with severe acne. His brown eyes darkened and his pupils slowly grew until they looked completely black.
“Hello, Sharon,” he murmured in a voice that was somehow very threatening.
A disturbing sense of stillness encompassed the room as the temperature plummeted. Sharon shivered in the sudden cold.
“Kevin, stop it,” George said.
The teenager gazed intently at Sharon and didn’t acknowledge the command. Sharon breathed deeply as the strength slowly seeped from her body. Blackness crept along the edges of her vision. She took in the terrified expressions on Jacqueline’s and Frank’s faces and knew she was in trouble. Kevin possessed a terrifying power that he was currently using on her. 
“Kevin! Stop it!” George demanded forcefully.
“All right,” Kevin acquiesced sulkily.
Sharon’s strength quickly returned and she straightened to her full height. The chill that permeated her body lifted. She glared at the teenager in reprisal even though his ability scared the hell out of her.
“Kevin is an empath?” Sharon said as she kept her gaze locked on his.
He turned away from her and frowned at his two companions.
“Kevin is a multipath,” George explained.
“What?” Sharon was taken aback.
“He is part of our empathic network.” A smug smile curved George’s lips. “I didn’t tell you about another theory that we put into practice.”
“The theory being that multipaths could avoid death by participating in a psychic network,” Sharon said.
“That’s correct.” George looked disappointed by her ability to correctly identify the theory. “So far, it looks like we were right. His powers have stabilized and are completely in his control. He hasn’t lost consciousness since the network was established. He has an impressive range of psychic ability; empathy, healing, remote-viewing, and telekinesis.”
“What was he doing to me just a second ago?” Sharon asked curiously.
“He was using his healing ability to create a temporary dissonance field in your body that was disrupting your nervous system. He’s practiced with it and can actually knock people unconscious if he concentrates hard enough. He’s a very talented young man,” George said.
Kevin smiled at the compliment. Sharon found the idea of being psychically linked with this monster to be completely repulsive. She couldn’t refuse to participate in the network or she’d lose her position in the company. George shut off the lights and turned on a CD which played a guided meditation that began the linking process. Nervousness flooded through Sharon as doubts over her ability to join the network churned through her mind. She focused on the voice of the instructor that drifted from the speakers in the room and obeyed the commands. She could sense the minds of the participants around her and as time passed, the emotions became clearer. When she finally joined the network, she knew she’d made a wise decision as a flood of power rushed through her, making her giddy. Sharon had never felt quite like this and she could get really used to it.

Chapter 9
Jeremy’s body screamed in agony as something forcefully tore him from sleep. His eyes opened to find Skylar, Julie, and Emily standing over him.  Skylar’s firm grip on his shoulders abruptly released and Jeremy’s back hit the mattress as he’d been held up several inches from the bed. Jeremy knew he should have been angry over this intrusion but was too exhausted to summon any kind of ire.
“What are you doing?” Jeremy said weakly.
“You’ve been asleep for two freaking days,” Skylar said with concern.
Emily’s brown eyes conveyed a near hysteria which hinted at the desperation they all must be feeling.
“We tried waking you up for quite awhile. Emily had a vision which made us realize if we didn’t get you up now, you’d fall into a coma and die. We don’t have any more time to waste. Get up now,” Julie said as though leading a high-powered business meeting.
“I need to take a shower and get dressed,” Jeremy protested.
“There’s no time for that. We need you to get into the living room now,” Julie ordered.
Jeremy realized just how weak he really was as soon as he slid out of bed and almost collapsed onto the floor. Luckily, Skylar was ready and helped to steady him. They all shuffled into the living room and sat down. Jeremy recognized two members of Julie’s new telepathic network seated in the room. Gentle, calming classical music drifted from the entertainment center.
“We’re going to bring you into our network,” Julie explained. “First you need to relax.”
Voices flooded Jeremy’s consciousness before he’d even started. Pain lanced through his body and blackness crept along the edges of his vision.
“We don’t have time. It’s happening,” Emily said desperately.
“Okay. We need to bring him in now,” Julie said. “Jeremy, you need to focus on your sister. Tune everything else out.”
Jeremy nodded with understanding but couldn’t block out the thoughts drilling relentlessly at his skull. Something dripped down his mouth and chin. He swiped at it with his hand and flinched in surprise to find his knuckles smeared with blood.
“Focus, Jeremy!” Julie said forcefully. “Focus on Emily! Focus!”
His sister’s thoughts barely registered in the thundering noise that bombarded his mind. He couldn’t tune the other telepathic voices.
“Can you hear me? Focus only on me. Talk to me,” Emily thought loudly.
“I can’t tune out the others,” Jeremy thought back. He struggled to remain conscious but knew he was losing. He instinctively realized he was dying. When he passed out, he wouldn’t be able to wake up ever again. “I love you, Emily. I’m glad I got the chance to see you one last time.”
“Don’t give up!” Emily screamed in desperation.
Jeremy’s consciousness was abruptly swept away by the thunderous telepathic stimuli and the blackness consumed his mind. He could no longer feel his body as he floated into oblivion. Memories of his childhood sifted through his mind. Many reports of near death encounters described this experience as a preclude to the crossing over to a new life. Jeremy had never thought too much about that as he’d always seemed to have plenty of time left to ponder his mortality in the future. He was relieved that he’d been able to say goodbye to his sister this time. Another memory flashed through his mind. He could see a small hand reaching for a large, beige, cookie jar. His mother had a penchant for making the most delicious peanut butter blossom cookies. Jeremy didn’t remember this happening but knew he must be only four or five as he watched through the young eyes of this youngster. 
Dragging his body on the edge of the counter to reach as far as he possibly could, he finally managed to grab the cookie jar but also slipped backward. His back slammed onto the kitchen floor and the jar flew over his head and shattered. Cookies and fragments of pottery exploded across the room. He sat up feeling shaken as his mother burst into the room.
“Emily Marie Winters!” she snapped.
Jeremy flinched with surprise as he abruptly realized this wasn’t his memory at all but his sister’s. More memories abruptly washed over him of Emily as well as those of Skylar, Julie and others. He abruptly realized he wasn’t dead and awoke to find himself lying on the living room floor. As he slowly sat up, he saw his tee shirt was marred with droplets of blood.
“Don’t worry. You’re fine now. Your nose stopped bleeding,” Emily said as she knelt beside him.
“What happened?” Jeremy asked shakily.
“You’re part of the network now,” Julie announced stridently.
“I am?” Jeremy asked.
He abruptly realized he was aware of the presence of a group whose voices registered at the edge of his mind but didn’t cause pain. They were background noise that he could easily tune out. He focused on them and quickly pinpointed Emily’s presence which felt warm and familiar.
“It looks like you’re going to be with us for a lot longer,” Emily thought.
“Yes, it certainly looks that way,” Jeremy responded.
“Quit being rude and share with the others,” Julie teased them.
“This is unbelievable,” Jeremy said.
“Yes, it’s amazing,” Julie agreed.
Jeremy could sense the network now and with his mind’s eye, realized he could see the energy connections as shimmering colors linking everyone together. Each telepath’s mind looked like a sphere of luminescent light of varying colors. Emily’s was a bright purple, Julie’s and Skylar’s were different shades of turquoise, the other spheres in the network ranged from blue to red to purple. Jeremy abruptly realized he could see his own consciousness in the network which was much brighter than the others and shifted from different shades of blue to purple.
“Jeremy? What’s going on?” Julie asked curiously. “I sense that you’re doing something.”
“You never told me how beautiful the network is to watch,” Jeremy remarked.
“None of us can see it,” Julie said.
Jeremy abruptly let go of the vision so he could focus on Julie. “You can’t see it?”
“No, we just know that we’re linked,” Emily said with surprise. “But I do remember seeing an unusual talent in the future. They called them connectivity psi because they could see the telepathic network and sometimes could bring non-telepaths into their group.”
“How fascinating!” Julie exclaimed. “You never mentioned that.”
“There are a lot of small details I didn’t think of. I saw a lot of things in the future. Fortunately, everything is changed now.”
“Psi-Tech is still a huge threat,” Julie cautioned.
“Yes, but it finally looks like we have a chance to survive,” Emily said.
Jeremy realized his pain was gone except for a very mild headache. He stood up and stretched.
“Maybe you can change into some non-bloody clothes now,” Emily suggested.
“Good idea.” Jeremy smiled at her before leaving the room to get changed.
Julie thanked the two members of the network for their help and escorted them to the front door. She joined Skylar and Emily in the living room to wait for Jeremy. Emily was giddy with relief over their success at bringing Jeremy into their network. The last two days had been brutal with the agony of waiting for him to regain consciousness. Soon, Jeremy returned and Emily gave him a quick hug.
“We have some stuff to catch you up on,” Julie said in a business-like manner. “Skylar has created blogs on a bunch of different websites with instructions for telepaths to create their own networks. Hopefully, a lot of people will read it and create smaller networks so they can stay safe.  Skylar, Emily, and I worked on creating key words for the blog sites so that telepaths who were surfing the web for articles would come across these sites easily.”
“That’s great,” Jeremy said. “Did you warn people about Psi-Tech?”
“No, we didn’t because we decided that it would make us sound flaky,” Emily said. “Strangers who don’t know us and aren’t talking to us face to face would read the articles and probably dismiss everything out of hand.”
“I suppose it does sound kind of crazy,” Jeremy said.
“Our own network has expanded quite a bit. We’ve got over thirty people with us now,” Emily said. “Every new member usually ends up with two or three friends who are telepathic and decide to join us. Our network is growing exponentially.”
“Sooner or later, someone from our network is going to be next on the list of the targets to be eliminated by Psi-Tech,” Julie said gravely. “I’m concerned over how this will affect our network.”
“Now that we have thirty, our network should be solid enough to withstand a fatality. It will disrupt the link and everyone will feel the loss but we’ll be okay,” Emily said.
“I just hope our telepathic abilities are strong enough at this point to sense any danger from Psi-Tech before any of us are attacked. We have three of us now who are gifted with precognition but none of them are as strong or as skilled as you,” Julie said.
“I’ve been trying to look ahead but can’t really see anything clearly. The future is changing too much and I think it will continue to change. The only way to get a clear picture on events is to choose to view something that is affected by the least amount of people,” Emily said.
“Is there any way I can help with that?” Jeremy asked.
“When your link becomes stable, you should be able to use all of your psychic abilities and I can help you explore them. However, you should give yourself some time to adjust,” Emily said.
“I feel perfectly fine now,” Jeremy said. “And the link seems strong and stable when I look at it.”
“It may be a good idea to take it easy for just a few days,” Julie advised.
Jeremy nodded reluctantly even though his desire to help was strong. He sensed they were all in serious danger and wanted to be sure they could steer out of harm’s way.
“Two precognitives from our network are coming over this afternoon to help foresee any dangers,” Julie said. “Our abilities are stronger than we could have imagined because of how quickly our network is expanding. We’ll be okay.”
Julie had a firm confidence and a strong air of authority that made it difficult to question her. Jeremy decided he would accept her assurances for now but he wouldn’t remain idle for long. He intuitively felt his precognition was a lot stronger than anyone’s in the network and such a tool shouldn’t be squandered by excessive caution. Jeremy sensed a busy activity of thought and planning in Julie’s mind. For some reason, she had the thoughts blanketed so they wouldn’t accidentally transmit along the network to other members. If he wanted to, he could reach out and listen in on her thoughts uninvited but it never occurred to him to do so.
“You’re trying to plan something,” Jeremy said.
Julie’s gaze cut to him with surprise. “Yes, I am. We need a structured organization to ensure our safety.”
“You’ve never mentioned this before,” Emily said.
“You’re the one who saw me as a leader in the future among the telepaths,” Julie pointed out.
“That’s true but you haven’t said anything along those lines.”
“You had a lot on your mind. I didn’t want to burden you with other thoughts. I’ve been thinking of creating a more formal organization for telepaths. Membership would only be extended to those who were willing to be part of our network. It’s like the idea I had of forming a company that would provide psychic consultations. Everyone’s gift within our network is stronger than those outside our network. We would be generating an income and could hire a security detail for protection. Now that Jeremy may have the ability to allow non-telepaths to join our network, the security we hire could become members and their abilities to protect us would be greatly enhanced. Our organization could make a lot of money. We have some talents with strong lucrative potential. We could beat Psi-Tech at its own game. We would gain media attention quickly and Psi-Tech would no longer dare to attack any of us or risk public exposure.”
 Skylar, Emily, and Jeremy regarded her with stunned amazement. Julie noticed their expressions and took advantage of their silence to continue her argument.
“I’ve been cataloguing the psychics in our network. We have a couple of people with very powerful offensive capabilities. One member is a strong electrokinetic and another is a telekinetic like Jeremy. That’s already the potential for three security personnel with the natural ability to fend off attackers,” Julie explained.
“It’s very risky,” Emily said. “If we all worked in an organization, that would be great but what about when we go home after work? We’d be walking targets.”
“We’d have to buy a large complex with enough room for living quarters,” Julie said.
“That’s crazy,” Skylar said. “Who’d want to do that?”
“People who want to be safe,” Julie said emphatically.
Her husband walked into the room and gauged everyone’s expressions before taking a seat next to her.
“Psi-Tech will continue to hunt down and kill any telepaths who aren’t protected,” Julie said. “It’s the only solution. I didn’t want to tell you about it until you saw the reality.”
“What do you mean?” Emily asked.
“Sooner or later, we’ll be the next telepaths on the Psi-Tech hit list. You have already been hunted but the others don’t really know what if feels like,” Julie said. “I’ve already got my business plan approved at the bank.”
“That’s unbelievable. How did you do that?” Jeremy asked.
“I demonstrated my ability and told them how it had the potential to make large sums of money,” Julie said. “I know how to do business. The next step in my plan is to find a large building. Now that you know about this new organization, I’m going to propose it to members of our network. That way I’ll have a good idea how many employees I’ll have to start with.”
“Once you do this, you’ll be an instant target for Psi-Tech,” Emily said.
“I know. Unfortunately, it’s the only good solution.”
“We should continue to lay low and allow our network to grow first,” Skylar said.
“Our network will grow by leaps and bounds once we get media exposure,” Julie said confidently. She abruptly stood up from the couch and smiled encouragingly at them. “I need to get to work on this. I suggest you give my proposal due consideration. You are all welcome to be part of my company.”
She and her husband left the house and the three of them alone to contemplate their situation.
“I really don’t like this,” Emily said. “I’m tired of feeling trapped and in danger.”
“You and Jeremy should look ahead and see what’s in store for Julie’s company,” Skylar suggested.
Jeremy nodded in agreement with his friend. It was exactly what he’d been thinking. Emily consented with this and they settled into comfortable positions on the couches.  Skylar was the only one in the threesome who couldn’t contribute to their future analysis of Julie’s company. It didn’t take long for Emily and Jeremy to do their work.
“Julie’s company will be called Phoenix Enterprises,” Jeremy said wryly. “She likes to think of our telepathic network as a metaphor for rising from the ashes. I looked at any specific information I could and saw that they will be mentioned in the newspapers frequently and that the company will be very successful. From all indications, Julie will have a very tight and competent security detail and there will be no successful attacks from Psi-Tech in the near future. However, Psi-Tech is also going public and will become very powerful as well. It’s hard to say whether they will allow Phoenix Enterprises to remain competitive.”
“That’s pretty much what I saw,” Emily agreed. “I don’t have any other details except that I saw mysterious deaths occurring throughout the U.S. which I believe are telepaths whom Psi-Tech will continue to eliminate as future competition.”
“Well, I don’t like to live in an apartment but it’s better than being killed,” Skylar said. “And you know the network will continue to grow when we’ve gained media exposure. Once we’re large enough, I don’t think it will be necessary for us to remain there.”
“When it comes right down to it, it’s a matter of survival.” Jeremy’s expression was grim. “I think we don’t really have much of a choice.”
“That settles it then. We’ll tell Julie we’re in,” Skylar stated.
“As long as she doesn’t make you a part of security,” Emily said to Jeremy.
“Agreed,” he acknowledged.
 Skylar telepathically broadcasted the information to Julie who briefly acknowledged it to all three of them.
“She must have known we’d agree. She didn’t seem surprised at all,” Jeremy remarked.
“Well, she’s a powerful intuitive,” Emily pointed out. “That probably allowed her to predict how we would respond to her proposal.”
“I wonder how soon she’ll have her center up and running,” Skylar said.
“She’ll find the building today. It’s going to be an old hotel building. She’ll have the bottom two floors fixed up within a week. The rest of the upper floors will be remodeled on a longer-term basis. She wants the basic necessities done quickly because she knows Psi-Tech will attack once they find out what’s going on if protection isn’t set in place,” Jeremy said.
“It must be nice being a precognitive,” Skylar said.
“It has its moments,” Emily agreed.

Chapter 10
Sharon stiffened in her plush, cushioned chair and her hands froze above the keyboard of her computer as the door to her office opened to reveal the scrawny form of Kevin wearing his typical, ridiculously over-sized black pants and blue dress shirt. He grinned knowingly as he stepped uninvited inside the room.
“Do you understand the concept of knocking?” Sharon bit out.
She’d suffered with his annoying peculiarities for a couple of days now. At first, she’d wondered why George had assigned his most powerful psychic to Sharon’s facility but now she understood completely. It was George’s intention to drive Sharon insane. Of course, Kevin completely ignored her barb and continued to cross the room toward her desk in his customary insolent manner. He could still intimidate her but he was so obnoxious that her anger tended to win out over fear.
“Shut the door,” Sharon said authoritatively.
Kevin reached her desk and stared down at her.
“I said shut the damn door,” Sharon bit out.
Kevin stared at her with his smug grin in place and allowed several uncomfortable seconds to tick by before slowly crossing the room and shutting the door.
“We’re supposed to go to Evergreen Terrace Center,” Kevin said.
“I know that but I was finishing up on some important work,” Sharon said.
She quickly saved and closed out the document she had been working on before logging out. Evergreen Terrace Center was a mental institution in Tukwila which was almost an hour drive. Sharon wasn’t looking forward to being cooped up in the car with Kevin for such a lengthy period of time; however, it couldn’t be helped. George had given her an assignment and provided phony identification to allow her to visit what he considered to be a very special patient, Rose LePont, who suffered from severe disassociative schizophrenia. George believed her to be a multipath and theorized that the reason so many mental patients had died following the world-wide electrical storms was that they’d transformed into multipaths. Sharon had the unpleasant task of visiting the mental institution and to assess Rose’s condition which involved trying to bring her into their empathic network.
Even if Rose did indeed possess these psychic gifts, Sharon believed she would destabilize the network rather than strengthen it. George had carelessly dismissed her concerns so Sharon would simply go through the motions.
“You’re thinking about being dishonest,” Kevin said as the two of them strode down the hall.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sharon said smoothly.
“You’re lying to me,” Kevin said telepathically.
Sharon flinched but quickly hid her surprise. It took careful and deliberate concentration to broadcast thoughts to other empaths but Kevin seemed to do so with alarming ease.
“I sometimes have orders that require me to make my underlings unhappy,” Sharon said as she quickly blanketed her deceitful thoughts and projected a false aura of honesty. “You probably wouldn’t understand but sometimes you need to sugarcoat your orders to keep your staff loyal.”
“Of course, I understand,” Kevin said.
“And you shouldn’t eavesdrop on people’s emotions,” Sharon said.
“George told me I could monitor people’s emotions and thoughts as much as I needed and to report anything suspicious to him,” Kevin said.
Sharon stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the main floor without visibly reacting to Kevin’s statement. She had suspected Greg had placed him here as a spy and now it was confirmed.
“You don’t seem surprised,” Kevin remarked.
“I’m not,” Sharon said in flat tone.
“Interesting,” Kevin said.
Sharon snorted in derision and wished they didn’t have to make this trip together. It would have been so much better if she’d been allowed to assign one of her empaths to accompany Kevin to the mental institution; however, Greg had insisted that the mission stood a greater chance of success if it was her. Sharon reluctantly slid behind the wheel of her sedan as Kevin settled in beside her.
“Do you think Rose really is a multipath?” Kevin asked.
“Of course not. I’ve already told you that. This is a complete waste of time,” Sharon said.
She was grateful when Kevin allowed the silence to drag on. She would be relieved to get this entire ordeal over with. Kevin refrained from speaking for the rest of the trip. Sharon felt a sudden chill permeate the car as she slowed to a halt near the psychiatric hospital. Power rippled along the empathic network and Sharon turned to regard Kevin whose eyes were jet black.
“What are you doing?” Sharon asked with annoyance.
Kevin didn’t deign to respond but Sharon noticed nearby pedestrians stumbling. One individual fell flat on his face. She quickly realized he was sending out a wide-range dissonance field. Nausea and a lightheadedness assailed her senses as she became caught in the edge of the field. Kevin abruptly halted the sick manipulations of his healing ability. 
“I was experimenting,” Kevin said.
“Don’t do that around me,” Sharon snapped. “Especially when I’m driving. You hit me with that damn thing.”
“I didn’t mean to make it that big,” Kevin said.
The driver behind her honked his horn and Sharon realized the light had turned green. She moodily stomped down on the gas and the car lurched forward. She’d like to throttle Kevin’s scrawny neck but he was part of her network and a valuable asset to the company. Sharon didn’t bother to check on the pedestrians because she knew they would recover. A sick knot twisted in her gut as she parked at the Evergreen Terrace Center. She wasn’t looking forward to meeting Rose. There was always the possibility that she really was a multipath even though it was a ludicrous theory. Sharon and Kevin entered the building and she submitted her fake ID which indicated her name was Sharon LePont, a cousin of Rose’s.
“She doesn’t receive very many visitors,” the man said as he checked her phony driver’s license. He was middle-aged and wore a turquoise uniform that fit loosely. His name badge identified him as Bradley. “Please sign your name in the guest book.”
“Sure.” Sharon scrawled her fake name in the book and Kevin did the same.
Bradley escorted them down a long corridor to Rose’s room.
“She can be unpredictable and sometimes violent so I’m going to stay with you,” Bradley said.
“That won’t be necessary,” Sharon said.
“I’m afraid there is no choice,” Bradley said.
Sharon decided this was the perfect opportunity to try out the more offensive aspect of her empathy. She fully opened her senses to Bradley’s emotions and began locking onto them. She had practiced this first stage on some of her staff at Psi-Tech but hadn’t proceeded to the second stage which was psychic coercion.
“I’m afraid that staring at me won’t make me change my mind. The rules are the rules,” Bradley said.
Sharon was now acutely tuned into his emotional state. She sent out a burst of overpowering psychic waves laden with cooperation. Bradley blinked at her as he was hit by the assault.
“I really need to speak to my cousin alone,” Sharon said.
“I really can’t allow that.” Bradley leveled a regretful gaze at her.
Sharon focused and sent a continuous stream of psychic waves at him. She waited several seconds before speaking.
“I really need to speak to my cousin alone,” Sharon reiterated.
An ache welled up behind her eyes and a sense of cooperation and obedience gripped her mind like a vise. She realized it was the backlash of her empathic assault on the staff member. She forced herself to continue even as she tamped down on her own emotional state.
“I understand how you must feel. I can allow you to visit her for a short time but I can’t risk doing this ever again. I’ll be back here in a little bit. If anyone asks, I had an emergency to attend to,” Bradley said.
“Thank you, Bradley,” Sharon said.
He smiled nervously as he unlocked the door and ushered her inside the room. He announced to Rose that her cousin was here then closed the door behind them and walked away. Sharon finally stopped barraging him with empathic psychic waves as he left. A dull ache pounded her skull and her mind felt fragile and compliant. Nausea welled up inside her as she sensed powerful psychic waves emanating from Rose who was seated in the opposite corner of the room gazing out the window. She didn’t seem to notice their presence.
“Do you feel that?” Kevin asked with excitement.
“Yes,” Sharon said reluctantly.
“She’s empathic,” he said.
“It’s strong enough for us to feel so she’s off the charts,” Sharon said.
“She’s probably a multipath,” Kevin said.
Sharon could sense his mind reaching out for her. Rose continued to seem oblivious to them. It made Sharon extremely uneasy and reluctant to work with this patient. She could sense a coiled tension waiting to strike and didn’t wish to be the recipient of any attacks.
“We should leave,” Sharon said nervously.
“Sit down on the bed,” Kevin said.
Sharon mindlessly sat down on the bed before realizing she’d obeyed him because her mind was still in a state of cooperation and obedience from the backlash of her control over Bradley. She would need to practice insulating her own mind from the negative side-effects of psychic manipulation in the future or risk people taking advantage of her. Sharon decided to stay perched on the bed safely out of harm’s way as Kevin slowly walked towards the patient. Rose wore the standard white uniform of the patients in the institution and she sat rigidly in her chair as she continued to gaze out the window. She looked to be in her late twenties with frizzy brown hair and a medium frame. As soon as Kevin reached out empathically, Rose shifted position and turned to gaze at him. She had green eyes, a pinched nose and thin eyebrows. Her empty gaze passed right through Kevin as though seeing something farther across the room but she was definitely aware of his presence now.
A flare of psychic awareness passed between them and the strange sense of power emanating from Rose rapidly built. Sharon warily regarded them and wondered what was about to happen. Her intuition screamed at her to prevent the link. Fear screamed through her body and she opened her mouth to speak but discovered she’d lost her voice. Her throat was so tight that nothing would issue from her lips but a few unintelligible sounds. An instant later, it was too late. A link between Kevin, Sharon, and Rose snapped into place and unbelievable power rocketed through the empathic network. It was the most thrilling sensation that Sharon had ever experienced in her entire life. After several moments, the giddy euphoria dropped to a manageable level and she realized she was lying down facing the ceiling. Sharon slowly sat up and saw Kevin standing beside Rose.
“Kevin, you did it,” Sharon said.
“Something amazing has happened,” Kevin said.
“Yes, we now have two multipaths in the network,” Sharon said.
“No, there’s more,” Kevin said.
Spittle was dribbling down the left side of Rose’s mouth as her distant gaze continued to fix on something no one could see but her.
“What do you mean?” Sharon asked.
“When I linked with Rose, she somehow drew five other multipaths into the network with us. I think they’re all patients at the hospital but I can’t be entirely sure until I scope them out,” Kevin said.
Sharon’s gaze sharpened as she mulled this over. “She doesn’t seem to be aware of anyone else. Why would she draw them into the network like that?”
Kevin shrugged without due concern. Rose’s eyes cleared and honed in on Sharon. Adrenaline pumped through her veins at being the center of this powerful and insane woman’s attention.
“Can you see me?” Sharon asked.
“Of course.” Rose smiled widely. “Everything is going according to plan.”
“What plan?” Sharon said nervously.
Rose continued to smile.
“What plan?” Sharon snapped.
Rose’s smile dropped away and her gaze turned distant. Sharon leapt to her feet and stalked toward the patient.
“Tell me what you’re talking about,” Sharon snapped.
“It’s no good. She can’t hear you anymore,” Kevin said. “It’s like her mind is living somewhere else and only a small fraction of it perceives what’s real.”
“How can she do what she does and be so completely out of it?” Sharon demanded.
“You can’t predict the mind of a crazy person.” Kevin shrugged carelessly.
Sharon wanted to slap his snotty-nosed, acne ridden face but instead merely glared at him. The door to the room swung open to reveal Bradley who peered anxiously inside.
“I’m afraid you’ve had all the time alone that I can allow,” he apologized.
“Thank you for accommodating us,” Sharon said and projected a false sense of gratitude and pleasure at the staff member. “I know you did your best.”
Bradley preened at the praise and his anxiety melted away.
“I’ve talked to my cousin long enough. It’s time for us to leave now,” Sharon announced.
Bradley escorted them to the lobby and Sharon thanked him once again for his help. As she left the building, her cell rang. She checked the caller I.D. before answering it and cringed when she saw George Hendrick’s name. She briefly entertained the thought of ignoring her phone but reluctantly answered it.
“Hello, George,” Sharon said.
“Tell me what happened,” he ordered.
Sharon explained what had just occurred and waited impatiently for him to speak. He allowed the silence to stretch on and she wondered why he was acting like such a jerk before remembering that he was a man and therefore such behavior was expected.
“Interesting,” he finally said.
Sharon rolled her eyes as she stood in front of her car. She could feel Kevin watching her from behind. He was such a sneaky bastard.
“You were right about her being a multipath. There is so much power in the network now it’s hard to believe,” she said.
“I feel it, too. It’s a pity that our empathic ability is the only one to increase; however, there’s a chance that could change. Multipaths have more than one ability so it’s conceivable that we’ll eventually find one or more of the new ones to join our network that are gifted with empathy and telepathy both which might give us the same benefits as a telepathic network,” George said.
“That’s an interesting theory,” Sharon said. 
It was also a very speculative theory based on conjecture with no facts. Sharon remembered Rose’s brief state of lucidity and shivered as a sense of foreboding crawled over her. There had been something utterly disturbing about the entire event. Sharon turned and glared at Kevin who was staring at her back. He continued to gaze at her without chagrin.
“We’re going to test our abilities today. I suggest you do the same at your facility,” George said.
“Will do,” Sharon said.
“There’s another mental institution in Portland, Oregon that I may have you pay a visit to. There are several patients who may be multipaths. I’ll contact you when I know more.”
“I understand.”
“I’ll talk to you later,” George said before abruptly disconnecting.
Sharon frowned as she holstered her cell phone.
“You’re going to have to quit staring at me,” she said icily.
“It doesn’t hurt to look,” Kevin said casually.
“It annoys me and I want you to stop,” Sharon said.
“I know it bothers you.”
The doors of her car unlocked by themselves and Kevin let himself inside. Sharon stared at her car as she dug in her purse for her keys. She slipped in behind the wheel and started the engine.
“How did you do that?” Sharon asked.
“I don’t know,” Kevin said carelessly. “It just occurred to me that I could so I tried it.”
“Is it a new ability? Do you think Rose’s integration in our network has grown our abilities?”
“Yes, I can feel it. All of our abilities are stronger now. It’s not just because of Rose but the others she drew in,” Kevin said.
 “Did you sense anything disturbing about her?” Sharon asked.
“Not at all,” Kevin said. “Did you?”
“Yes,” Sharon admitted reluctantly.
“You’re too cautious.”
His jab pissed her off so she drove in silence. It was a reminder of what an obnoxious pain in the ass he was. Sharon couldn’t allow herself to forget that he was a spy who would report everything she did to George Hendricks. As soon as Sharon arrived at Psi-Tech, she ordered immediate testing for the members of the empathic network. She quickly sifted through her emails then read through some of the reports her assistants and department managers had sent. She placed a call to Marissa and ordered her to report to her office immediately. Marissa was a researcher for the psychometry department. She was currently a level three psychometrist and a level six empath. Because she was one of the few employees who could participate in the psychic network and the strongest at the Seattle facility, she was now a very valuable individual. Marissa knocked on the door and Sharon beckoned her inside. Marissa’s strong empathic abilities made her vulnerable to people’s emotions, resulting in her becoming increasingly timid and anxious around others. 
“Close the door behind you,” Sharon said.
“Yes, ma’am,” she said meekly.
Sharon had intentionally made the purpose of this visit unknown. She smiled coolly and motioned for Marissa to have a seat. 
“I presume you finished your testing?” Sharon said.
“Yes, my empathy abilities have risen to a level nine and my psychometry is a six.”
“The experiment was a success then,” Sharon said with satisfaction as though it had been her idea to strengthen the psychic network with Rose’s abilities. “We’ve recently expanded our network. Another multipath like Kevin is now adding their strength to ours. It’s been theorized that if we had enough multipaths, all of our abilities would strengthen instead of just our empathy. We now have the same advantage as a telepathic network.”
“That’s a huge step,” Marissa said nervously.
“I called you here to find out if communication among those in our network is easier which I suspect to be the case now,” Sharon said.
Marissa regarded her manager with unease. Sharon could feel her presence in the network. Because Marissa was the strongest empath at this facility, her mind burned like a bright beacon that Sharon envied. 
“Can you hear me, Marissa?” Sharon said telepathically using only a small amount of effort. This usually wouldn’t transmit to an empath no matter how strong they were.
“Yes, I do,” Marissa thought back reluctantly.
“Excellent,” Sharon said with excitement.
Adding Rose had caused a revolutionary step in the psychic network. In the future, there had been some empathic networks but the abilities had paled in comparison to the telepathic networks. Psi-Tech now stood an excellent chance of retaining its current power base and achieving a stronghold in the near future. After Marissa left the office, Sharon noticed a new email from George Hendricks stating that Psi-Tech was now scheduled to go public with the media in a couple of days which would cause a sharp increase in their business and multipaths whose conditions hadn’t yet become fatal would seek them out for help. It would provide an excellent opportunity to add new powerful members to their psychic network. This would greatly strengthen Psi-Tech’s chances of reaching their monetary and political goals in the near future and to prevent the telepaths from gaining too much power.

Chapter 11
Rose LePont gazed sightlessly out the window of her room as an orderly, Ken, checked in on her. He was a new member of the staff with an earnestness that hadn’t yet given way to a cold cynicism as was common. He had short, curly brown hair and brown eyes and wore the standard, sky blue uniform. Ken strode over to her side so he could make sure she was really okay. A thin trail of spittle had dribbled down the right side of her face.
“Hi, Rose,” he said as if she could understand him. “I’m just checking to make sure you’re all right.”
She didn’t respond in any way to his presence. He pulled out a tissue and gently dabbed away the spittle before heading for the door. His hand closed on the knob when he heard something behind him. Ken turned and saw Rose gazing intently at him. He regarded her with surprise and was struck speechless for several seconds.
“Rose?” he finally said.
Her gaze narrowed and he felt a wave of dizziness for several seconds.
“Ken, sit down on the bed,” Rose said succinctly.
Instead of following her instructions, he turned the knob and stumbled out into the hallway. His body felt oddly uncooperative as though compelled to obey Rose’s command. He instinctively felt the need to escape her presence. He moved to slam the door shut but it burst open of its own accord.
“Get back in this room,” Rose said authoritatively.
Ken’s body froze as he struggled to make up his mind to escape or obey. It felt as though his consciousness had split in two and were at odds with each other. Rose slowly stood up from her chair and strode toward him. He struggled to escape but couldn’t make his body budge.
“Get back in that room and sit down,” Rose demanded once again.
This time, Ken found himself obeying and the last vestiges of independent thought evaporated from his mind. He sat down on the bed as Rose closed the door behind him and stood facing him. A thin trail of blood trickled down her nose.
“You made this very difficult for me,” Rose said tersely. “It causes a lot of psychic backlash to control someone so completely. I don’t know why you couldn’t have just cooperated.” She paused and glared at him. “Tell me what day this is.”
“Thursday.”
“What month and year is it?” she snapped impatiently.
“September 2012.”
“Have you seen Psi-Tech on television?” Rose demanded.
“Psi-Tech?” Ken frowned with puzzlement. “No.”
“You haven’t heard of them yet?” Rose’s hands balled into fists and her face contorted with fury.
“No, I haven’t.”
“Damn it! What’s taking them so long? They’re supposed to go public!” Rose snapped with frustration.
Ken was struck violently sideways by an unseen force. He hit the floor hard and lost consciousness. Rose stood over him with murder in her eyes. She swayed from side to side and shook her head to clear it. 
“I’m running out of time,” she said in a panicked tone.
She stumbled backward and positioned herself back onto the chair. Almost instantly, her gaze lost focus and she was once again staring sightlessly out the window. Ken regained consciousness and sat up. He gingerly rubbed the sore spot on his head then gazed at Rose. He stood up and approached her. Blood had dribbled down her nose and stained the front of her shirt. He gasped in alarm and used a tissue to wipe away the blood from her face but the shirt was ruined. He left the room to get help and had no memory of seeing Rose awaken from her stupor.

Chapter 12
Jeremy strode into the dining room where Julie, Ryan and Emily were enjoying their breakfast of pancakes. Of course, Emily was the most appreciative because she’d endured years of nothing but oatmeal for breakfast during her imprisonment at Psi-Tech. For her, pancakes were quite the luxury. Everyone immediately looked up as Jeremy stepped into the room because a distinct chill permeated the air and his eyes were black as his pupils had dilated to the point that only a sliver of color remained.
“Jeremy, are you all right?” Emily rose from the table and frowned in concern.
“I saw something terrible,” he said shakily. The violent vision still clung to him like a dark cloud and his gut twisted with anxiety. “Psi-Tech will discover that Phoenix Enterprises Center is going to open sometime during the third week of escrow and most of the members will be executed.”
“I didn’t realize they could possibly find out before we even opened,” Julie said shakily. “Are you sure it’s during the third week?”
“I’m positive,” Jeremy said.
“They must have operatives in the government that are watching business licensing records,” Julie mused. “We need to come up with a way of opening the center earlier.”
“They went public yesterday so I’m surprised that they’re willing to take the risk of continuing to murder telepaths,” Ryan noted.
“As long as they feel the risk of discovery is minimal, they’ll continue to do so,” Emily interjected. “We’ve got to get our center up and running quicker somehow.”
“You might be able to forgo the escrow and get the center started within a week,” Jeremy said.
“And how could I do that?” Julie regarded him with surprise.
“I could buy the building for you,” Jeremy said.
“You have that kind of money?” Julie asked with shock.
“Yes, I do and I would insist on being an officer for the business,” Jeremy said.
“You’ve got a deal.” Julie regarded him with a pensive look. “How does vice president of operations sound?”
“That sounds great. I don’t have any experience though.”
“I’ll help with that,” Julie said.
She went over the plans with him, they had a quick breakfast, then they visited Julie’s lawyer to take care of the legalities of the business and paperwork. Once that was finished, they went to the bank and Jeremy purchased the hotel. By the time they returned home, the day had gone and it was early in the evening. The rest of the week was hectic as Julie and Ryan ironed out the details of the business and security. Meanwhile, Emily and Skylar helped with the preparations as much as they could. Emily worried about the change in her brother’s attitude toward Julie and the company. The present had turned out to be completely different than what she had foreseen due to changes she’d made as well as those made by Psi-Tech, Inc. Now that there were so many precognitives, the future would continue to change drastically moment by moment. Many events would be impossible to foresee because of the instability of the future – especially those events affected by larger groups of people and other precognitives. Emily had always assured herself in the past that if she could only escape from the clutches of Psi-Tech that she would be able to avoid any dangers because of her powerful ability. Unfortunately, she had failed to consider that there were many others who shared her talent, including those who possessed agendas that conflicted with hers. 
Coming to the realization that the future would never be certain was difficult to come to terms with. Living in an apartment at Phoenix Enterprises felt like exchanging one prison for another even though Emily could choose to leave whenever she desired. Taking up residence there was the best way to ensure her safety but she planned on figuring out a way to live on her own. Jeremy and Skylar had both agreed on this but now Jeremy’s attitude was vastly altered by his monetary investment in the company as well as his new level of responsibility and authority. Emily wasn’t so sure he would ever choose to leave Phoenix Enterprises if she chose to do so. He had lived many years believing she was deceased so now she wondered if their familial connection remained as strong as before. She was afraid that wasn’t the case.
On Tuesday, Phoenix Enterprises was ready for business. Emily, Julie, Ryan, Skylar, and Jeremy stepped inside the building with their colleagues who also chose to work and live here. The lobby and main offices were tastefully decorated and furnished. Emily was impressed by how quickly Julie had arranged everything. Emily shared a large office with her brother while Skylar was assigned with four other telepaths in another one farther down the hall. Emily was the manager for precognitive contract services. A manager wasn’t really necessary in her opinion since there was only one other precognitive besides herself, but Julie offered a very attractive salary and Emily certainly wasn’t going to protest. Julie had sent press releases for Phoenix Enterprises yesterday afternoon to all the major local news networks and Jeremy had contacted his friends that he’d acquired who had a pull with the media and government. Favorable press was practically guaranteed.
Emily’s first day working at the center passed quickly. As expected, Jeremy and Julie were kept busy with interviews from the press. Emily had no difficulty tracking appointments for her employee as only two calls were made. She knew that by tomorrow after their business had been relayed on all the local news channels, calls would flood in Emily’s line as precognition was the most lucrative psychic ability. Psi-Tech would definitely be aware of the center’s presence but so far, neither Emily nor Jeremy had perceived any direct assaults directed at them. Of course, any telepaths not protected would be in danger. Jeremy had just returned from another interview with the press at the end of the day when someone within their telepathic network conveyed a sharp terror. Emily stiffened as adrenaline shot through her body. She sensed a frenzy of telepathic thought buzzing through the network. 
“A woman in our network, Wendy, has sensed men coming to kill her. There are four of them and they have her house surrounded. We’ve got to go now,” Jeremy said.
Emily followed him to the lobby where two security operatives were waiting with Julie and Ryan.
“Hopefully we can get there in time to save Wendy. We’re going to incapacitate all four men as quickly as possible,” Julie said intently as they briskly walked to her sedan.
They climbed inside and she drove at record speed.
“Are you sure you know where you’re going?” Ryan asked.
“Yes,” Julie said. “Wendy showed me. I told her to hide and she knows a spot where they may not be able to find her for quite some time.”
“Where is that?” Emily asked.
Wendy’s raw terror broke into their consciousness and they lapsed into a tense silence. Emily’s hands balled into tight fists as she struggled to remain calm. The terror quickly subsided to the fringe of her consciousness. To feel such powerful emotion meant that Wendy was projecting far stronger than anyone had before.
“We’re almost there. Is everyone ready?” Julie asked.
Everyone responded in the affirmative and a moment later, she pulled the car to a screeching halt in front of a small beige house. The front door was wide open. The two security operatives hopped out of the car with the guns drawn and cautiously approached. Jeremy stepped in behind them.
“What are you doing?” Emily asked her brother sharply.
“I’m going to help them. Don’t worry. You and Julie can remotely take care of some of the Psi-Tech operatives from the car,” Jeremy said.
Emily bit down on her lower lip as she refrained from protesting. She couldn’t afford to distract him at this point. She could sense the four attackers within the house and one of them was positioned near the front and aware of their presence.
“Emily, it’s time we practiced our more offensive capability,” Julie said.
“We’ve never even tried,” Emily said.
“Now is the time,” Julie said telepathically. “I’m focusing on one of the men deeper in the house. Concentrate on overloading him.”
“This isn’t going to work,” Emily protested.
“Just do it. We need to help your brother,” Julie said.
Emily bit back a sharp retort as she recognized the manipulative ploy and didn’t appreciate it. Instead, she focused her telepathic senses on the man that Julie had pointed out and sent a powerful dissonant stream of thoughts into his consciousness. After several seconds, Emily felt a pressure in her head which quickly built. After a moment, she sensed the man pass out under the assault. By then, a terrible throbbing pain wracked her temples and she could barely concentrate.
“Great work, Emily! Now, we need to focus on this other guy,” Julie instructed.
“It’s too much. I don’t think I can do it,” Emily said weakly.
“We have to try,” Julie said sharply.
Emily focused and shot a powerful, dissonant, telepathic stream at the target but after several seconds her psychic senses fizzled out and she almost lost consciousness. Julie gasped sharply and paled as she too burned out.
“Are you all right?” Ryan asked.
“I’m fine,” Julie bit out. “But I’ve got one hell of a headache.”
The sound of shots firing from within the house reached their ears. Unfortunately, both Julie and Emily were unable to communicate telepathically at this time to determine if their guards and Jeremy were safe. Ryan took out his own gun and vigilantly peered at the house as he waited. Soon, Jeremy and the two guards stepped through the front door with Wendy, a short plump middle-aged woman with graying brown hair and blue eyes. She ran over to the car and profusely thanked them for saving her life.
“The police will be here soon. I called them before we left,” Ryan said.
“This may solve all of our problems. Once the operatives are arrested, Psi-Tech’s involvement will be determined and they’ll be forced to stop killing telepaths,” Julie said.
“Maybe.” Emily’s expression was doubtful.
“What do you see?” Julie asked.
“Nothing. It’s just hard to believe it could be this easy to get them to stop,” Emily said. “I’m still burned out from knocking that Psi-Tech operative out. I’m not sure how useful this offensive telepathic ability is when it is so incapacitating for the user.”
“If there were more of us, we wouldn’t suffer the same symptoms. If we had about ten of us working together, we could knock out a couple of people without suffering from psychic burnout,” Julie said.
“I’d like to join Phoenix Enterprises,” Wendy said shakily.
“Are you sure?” Julie asked shrewdly. “You didn’t hesitate to turn me down before.”
“I don’t know if I’ll ever feel safe again. I’m sure I want to do this,” Wendy said.
“All right,” Julie said. “I’ll always welcome any telepath into the Center.”
“You should have seen it!” one of the guards blurted out with excitement as he pointed at Jeremy. “This guy yanked the gun out of the attackers’ hands and shoved them across the room like rag dolls! It was unbelievable!”
“It was amazing!” the other guard agreed.
Emily took a closer look at her brother and noted the calm and collected expression on his face. His eyes looked almost black with very little color showing. Even as she watched, the pupils were slowly shrinking back to their normal size.
“Are you all right, Jeremy?” Emily asked.
“I’m fine.” He grinned widely at her. “Thanks for taking out one of those thugs.”
“You’re welcome,” Emily said.
When the police arrived, they spent over an hour answering questions before they were all released. When they arrived at the hotel, Emily wanted to be alone so she immediately retired to her room. For now, they all lived in regular hotel rooms on the second floor. Julie had hired a construction company to renovate the third floor so that they would all have spacious living quarters comprised of two bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, and two bathrooms. It would take a couple of months before the third floor would be finished. Not that Emily intended to make this place a permanent home. It reminded her too much of her life at Psi-Tech. Besides, Julie was probably right that Psi-Tech would stop slaughtering telepaths now that they were publicly exposed. 
Emily went to bed and restlessly tossed and turned as she struggled to sleep. Her mind wouldn’t allow her to drift off until late into the night. When that happened, precognitive visions intruded on her troubled dreams. She awoke to the sound of screaming and bolted out of bed. Her heart hammered wildly in her chest as the darkness loomed threateningly around her. She stumbled to the light switch and flicked it on. A penetrating silence surrounded her as she stood in her empty room, straining to hear any telltale signs of something wrong. She abruptly realized her telepathic awareness had returned and used her ability to assess the emotional condition of those around her. Everyone nearby was asleep and there were no signs of intruders. She sensed the night guards and realized everything was just as it should be. Emily must have dreamed about the scream. She perched on the edge of the bed as fragments of her dreams came back to her. They had been visions of the future. She could remember there had been violence and massive changes. The future was too uncertain for clear, precise images but the possibility of many deaths loomed over her.
Emily abruptly rose from the bed as she remembered her mother’s blood-splattered body lying on the living room floor of her house. She was in terrible danger. Emily telepathically reached out to her brother.
“Emily?” he asked in confusion.
“I saw Mom die in a vision. I don’t know how or when but we need to do something.” Emily’s fear was almost palpable.
“I’ll tell her to come here,” Jeremy said.
“Will she agree to stay with us?” Emily asked.
“I don’t know,” Jeremy admitted.
He abruptly ended their telepathic communication as she sensed his intention to call Kate Winters immediately. Emily decided that she would have to get a cell phone as soon as possible. She made her way to Jeremy’s room and reached out to knock on the door which opened abruptly, causing her hand to pass through the threshold. Jeremy was talking to their mother and ushering her inside. Emily frowned with annoyance as she stepped inside and he closed the door behind her with a telekinetic burst.
“Emily definitely saw you dead in the kitchen,” Jeremy said emphatically.
She eyed him with impatience as he continued the conversation. Emily wished she would have just went to the main floor of the center and made the call herself. She hoped Jeremy would argue passionately enough to convince Kate of the danger. 
Finally, Jeremy hung up and smiled reassuringly at her. “She’s coming here right away. She’s going to get a flight as soon as possible.”
“I don’t have any idea when this is going to happen. How will I know she’ll be safe?” Emily asked.
“She can live here,” Jeremy said.
“Will Julie allow that?” Emily asked.
“Yes, because Mom is family. Besides, she’s a precognitive like you,” Jeremy said. “That’s the most profitable psychic ability.”
“She’s not nearly as strong as I am.”
“But she’ll be a lot stronger when she’s part of our network,” Jeremy said.
“What do you mean?” Emily asked.
“I know I can bring her in. It’s an ability I haven’t experimented with but this will be the first test.”
“Will Mom want to do that?”
“I think she will.”
“I don’t know. She’s always been very independent. Self-reliance is very important to her. I don’t think she’ll agree to live here,” Emily said skeptically.
“You’d be surprised. There have been deaths in our family,” Jeremy pointed out.
“I didn’t really die. I was kidnapped,” Emily argued.
“And then there’s Dad,” he said gently.
Emily nodded in silent acceptance. Maybe he was right and she was worrying too much. Emily was starting to wonder if her precognitive ability would drive her mad with the unrelenting terror and anxiety that it invoked.
“Everything will be all right,” Jeremy said confidently.
Emily smiled at him, gave him a hug, and went back to her room. She couldn’t get to sleep and gave up when daylight finally peeked through the curtains of her window. She took a quick shower, changed into a pair of black pants with a blue blouse, and headed for the dining area on the first floor. Julie and a couple of Emily’s colleagues were already munching on breakfast. Emily helped herself to some yogurt and an apple and joined Julie since she motioned her over. Julie was positioned on one side of the room near the corner.
“Good morning,” Julie said. “What’s on your mind?”
“Nothing,” Emily responded automatically.
“You’ve got a headache and you’re worried about something. Is it the vision you had of your mom?” 
“How do you know about that?” Emily’s back stiffened defensively. She wondered if she was broadcasting her emotions and thoughts so loudly that privacy had become an issue.
“Jeremy told me. I’m sorry that you had such a stressful night. Phones have been ringing off the hook because of your press coverage last night. You’re welcome to take the day off today,” Julie offered. “Kate called back about an hour ago and said she’s got a flight that will arrive at two this afternoon. It goes without saying that you and Jeremy can go pick her up at the airport.”
“Thanks.” Guilt washed over Emily at the critical thoughts that had dominated her mind lately regarding Julie’s apparent manipulations and bossiness. Emily knew she would have to get used to taking orders from her. After all, Julie was now her boss.
“You’re welcome,” Julie said.
“I’m going to work today until it’s time to pick up Mom. I don’t think I’ll be able to get back to sleep. I appreciate the offer though,” Emily said gratefully.
“Anytime,” Julie said.
“I do have a question about Mom. If she wants a job here, are you going to let her work?”
“Of course. Jeremy will try to bring her into our psychic network but if it turns out that he isn’t capable of doing so, I’m not going to require that every member be a telepath or linked with us,” Julie said.
A sense of relief permeated through Emily even though her temples were aching.
“Are you still feeling any side-effects from the burnout yesterday?” Emily asked.
“I’m really tired but other than that, I’m fine. I slept alright and the headache was gone before I went to sleep,” Julie said. “I suspect everyone will have different recovery times from psychic burnout. Of course, you won’t need to participate in offensive telepathic ventures anymore. Yesterday was just an emergency.”
“Of course. Thanks,” Emily said.

Chapter 13
Julie stepped into Jeremy’s office just as he and Emily were preparing to leave. She wore a black business suit that augmented the severe, hawk-like features of her face. She conveyed a sense of grimness that wasn’t completely uncharacteristic.
“I have some bad news that I wanted to tell you before you left,” Julie said to them.
“What’s wrong?” Emily asked.
“The four Psi-Tech operatives that the police arrested yesterday were found murdered in their jail cell last night,” she said.
Disappointment and disgust crashed through Emily in a heavy wave. She should have anticipated something like this. 
“I knew it wouldn’t be so easy to pin anything on Psi-Tech,” Emily said stiffly.
“Don’t worry. Our center is perfectly safe. We have plenty of guards,” Julie said. “One of them is a telepath. His name is Alex and his secondary ability is electrokinesis; a very rare talent that we’re lucky to have. He’s the one I assigned to escort you both to the airport.”
“Great,” Jeremy said. “Thank you.”
Alex arrived a short time later. He was a young man in his early twenties with black hair and brown eyes wearing a black tee shirt with jeans and tennis shoes. He, Emily, and Jeremy took Jeremy’s SUV to the airport. When Kate finally showed up, Emily hugged her effusively and was overcome with the joy of seeing her mother after all these years.
“I’m so glad you’re back,” Kate said.
She hugged Jeremy and they went over to pick up her luggage. As they headed out to Jeremy’s car, Emily sensed a remote-viewer which she easily blocked. Jeremy’s gaze cut to hers with a look of concern.
“It’s been weeks since they tried to track you,” Jeremy said.
“I know,” Emily acknowledged.
“What is it?” Kate asked nervously.
“Someone’s trying to find me again,” Emily explained.
“Let’s get out of here,” Jeremy said emphatically.
They climbed in his SUV and headed for the center. They had only driven about a mile when they could sense the presence of Psi-Tech operatives following them. The pursuers drove a blue sedan and there were five of them.
“Don’t sweat it. I can handle them,” Alex stated with confidence.
His gaze stared off into space for several seconds and the blue sedan suddenly fell back rapidly and turned off to the side of the road. Soon, they were out of sight.
“What did you do?” Emily asked.
“I killed their engine,” Alex replied.
“That’s amazing! What ability do you have?” Kate asked.
“I can manipulate electricity.”
“That’s incredible! I wish I could do something like that!” Kate regarded him with envy and awe.
“You have an impressive ability of your own,” Emily said. “Seeing the future is very important.”
“I saw the news about Phoenix Enterprises and read the company FAQ online. I would like to apply for work there and live at the center,” Kate said.
Emily was flabbergasted to hear these words from her mother. She would have thought it would have taken a lot of persuading but Kate had come up with the idea all on her own.
“I anticipated you might be interested and spoke to the president of the company on your behalf. I can offer you a job as a precognitive specialist,” Jeremy said.
Kate chuckled at him. “I accept. Our family has turned into a group of forecasters.”
“Yes, indeed,” Jeremy said.
They provided Kate with more information about Phoenix Enterprises and current events. The mood turned grave as Jeremy got to the four Psi-Tech operatives who were murdered in their jail cells. Obviously, Psi-Tech had a ruthless quest for money and power. Phoenix Enterprises was the only safe haven for telepaths. Unfortunately, Julie couldn’t advertise that fact publicly but hopefully enough members would join them. Once most of the telepaths became part of the network, Psi-Tech would no longer be able to risk killing any more of them. At least, that was the plan.
When they reached the center, Emily returned to her office while Jeremy showed his mother to her room. Julie appeared at the threshold with a grave expression on her face. Emily felt her stomach knot up with anxiety but she smiled teasingly.
“More bad news?” she asked.
“In a manner of speaking. It may turn out to be good,” Julie said. “I have Sharon from Psi-Tech and one of her associates in the conference room. There are two guards watching over them. Sharon wants to meet with you, me, and Jeremy.”
“Why?”
“Because we’re the management team for Phoenix Enterprises,” Julie said.
“I see.” Emily reluctantly rose from her desk. “We should wait for Jeremy.”
“I already told him and he’ll be here in a second.”
Sure enough, Jeremy arrived a moment later. The three of them made their way to Julie’s spacious conference room. Sharon and a skinny teenager sat on one end of the table. Emily sensed a disquieting energy emanating from him. She sat down between Julie and her brother at the table.
“Thank you for meeting with me,” Sharon said pleasantly. “This is my associate, Kevin. He’s a specialist for Psi-Tech.”
“What kind of specialist?” Jeremy inquired.
“One such as yourself,” Kevin said.
“A multipath?” Emily asked.
Kevin’s disturbing brown eyes shifted to her. “That’s right.”
“I want to start out by apologizing for the misunderstanding with the Psi-Tech operatives. They went rogue on us and were going to kill Wendy,” Sharon explained.
“So you’re saying that they weren’t acting under your orders or those of Psi-Tech?” Julie said briskly.
“That’s correct.”
“We both know that Psi-Tech is trying to kill as many telepaths as possible to avoid creating a powerful psychic network that you feel is a threat,” Julie said. “It would be best to just speak honestly.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Sharon said with a convincing look of puzzlement on her face.
“We can all sense the deceit from you right now. We can only read your surface thoughts but you just betrayed yourself by reviewing your agenda just now. For some reason, it’s human nature to repeat the truth to yourself as you lie,” Julie said. “Why have you come here?”
Sharon adopted a stoic mask on her face. “We came as a gesture of goodwill to reassure you that we don’t wish to compete. There is plenty of business for the both of us.”
“You want to be the sole company to provide psychic services,” Julie said. “You broadcasted that information very clearly to all of us. It would be best to just be honest.”
“All right,” Sharon said slowly. “Telepaths are considered a threat. However, we are going to cease hostilities against you. There is nothing to fear from us.”
“Is that so?” Julie regarded her with undisguised skepticism.
“Honestly. We will make no move against Phoenix Enterprises. I promise,” Sharon said bluntly.
“We accept your gesture of good faith. We in turn will not make any move against you,” Julie agreed.
“Thank you.” Sharon rose from her seat. “That is the reason for this visit.”
She and Kevin strode for the doorway. Sharon abruptly halted and turned to throw Emily an apologetic look.
“I’m very sorry for your stay at Psi-Tech. Our policies are changed now. We would never do that to you again,” Sharon said.
“Alright,” Emily said in a noncommittal tone.
Sharon and Kevin wordlessly filed out of the building. Julie, Jeremy, and Emily remained in the conference room to discuss the unexpected meeting.
“She was able to block me out when she was talking about making no move against us,” Julie said.
“I got through to her surface thoughts. Psi-Tech considers it a risk to attack anyone who is part of the psychic network at Phoenix Enterprises. To make sure they avoid any confrontations, they are going to avoid killing any telepaths in Washington state but all others are fair game,” Jeremy said.
“She is such a liar,” Emily said furiously. “I hate her!”
“I also sensed that she’s in a psychic network somehow,” Jeremy added.
“That’s impossible,” Emily said. She remembered some information that she’d foreseen in the distant future but hadn’t documented for Psi-Tech while a prisoner working for them. “There was a theory that empaths might be able to link. That would be the only explanation for why Kevin is still alive if he really is a multipath.”
“If they have their own network, they may expand their power base to the point that they could possibly move against us in the future,” Julie said.
“I haven’t seen any hint of that but I haven’t looked ahead for more than a few years. Everything changes too much to see events with any degree of accuracy farther than that,” Emily said.
 “How strong a precognitive is your mother?” Julie asked.
“From the ability she’s discussed with me, I would guess she’s about a level four or five,” Jeremy said.
“If she becomes part of the network, she’ll be a lot stronger. When were you going to try that?” Julie asked.
“Late this afternoon if there’s time,” Jeremy said.
“Why don’t you go ahead and set up an appointment with her? This is just as important as the work we’re doing for our clients as she has the potential to assist us in generating greater revenue in the very near future,” Julie said.
“I’ll be sure to schedule her in then,” Jeremy acknowledged.
“Thanks.” Julie smiled briefly before leaving the room.
“I guess we’d better get back to our office and start helping out with the phones,” Emily said.
When they returned to their office, they set their phones to available which caused them to immediately ring. Emily received call after call for the entire afternoon and clear through to the evening. The majority of the callers were powerful telepaths from areas as far as Portland, Oregon wanting help in controlling the side-effects of their abilities. Emily had two options to give them. The first was to sign them up for a class that helped them discipline their thoughts and develop mental shields which were successful for those whose abilities weren’t too strong. The second option was to link with the psychic network at Phoenix Enterprises. Linking with the psychic network would immediately give them complete control of their talents and allow them to live normal lives. The downside was that some people didn’t like the idea of being linked to strangers. Part of Emily’s job was to reassure them that they could easily shield their minds to keep their thoughts private and that no one could eavesdrop. Julie charged a very affordable fee for joining the network but waived the fee if the participant wished to work for Phoenix Enterprises. 
No one had been interested in relocating to the center for work but surprisingly, almost everyone wished to become part of the psychic network. Emily supposed that the reason for this high level of interest from the callers was that it was an easy and cheap fix for their current predicament. This was going to expand their psychic network exponentially. Emily wondered how long it would last. Even though the office closed at five, most of the employees continued to answer the phones and schedule appointments until late in the evening. Jeremy had returned to the office and helped with the scheduling so she hadn’t had a chance to ask him if he’d succeeded with adding Kate to their network.
“The answer is yes,” Jeremy said right before Emily could ask.
“That’s terrific!” Emily exclaimed.
“She can telepathically communicate to members in our network. We’ve been talking back and forth for the last couple of hours,” Jeremy said.
Emily reached out with her mind to search for her mother. She found her and performed a telepathic knock.
“Emily, it’s so good to hear from you. I didn’t realize how much fun this would be,” Kate said.
“I’m glad you’re enjoying this, Mom,” Emily said.
“It’s been a blast,” Kate said. “There’s still pizza in the main dining area. I’m here now if you’re ready for dinner.”
“I’ve been ready since a couple of hours ago,” Jeremy interjected.
The room had several other members munching on salad, chicken, or pizza. Emily and Jeremy grabbed some pizza and joined Kate at her table.
“You guys have created an impressive facility considering it was done in about a week,” Kate said.
“You’re right. Everything’s happening so quickly,” Emily said. “Nothing is the same as I foresaw it. It’s all different now.”
“And that’s good,” Kate said. “The future you saw was bleak. It’s good to have a brighter one on the horizon.”
“I can’t tell you how good it is to see you in person. Even though I had planned my escape from Psi-Tech for years, I didn’t think I’d ever have this opportunity,” Emily said.
“I can’t tell you what a profound sense of joy and relief I felt when I found out you were alive. It’s such a terrible burden when one of your children passes on,” Kate said.
“There should be a law against that type of thing,” Emily teased.
“Yes, there should be.” Kate laughed at her daughter’s unexpected humor.
Emily spoke to her mother for quite awhile before retiring for the night. She had no difficulty falling asleep but dark precognitive visions plagued her dreams. Psi-Tech’s future changed rapidly as it somehow gained advantages in its power. Emily couldn’t discern any specific details as the outcome shifted too rapidly. She sensed that someone was causing drastic changes in the future. Obviously Psi-Tech had an extremely powerful precognitive working at the company. Kevin’s image flashed in her mind a couple of times. In one vision, his eyes were black like Jeremy’s when he was using his ability in a major way. Of course, Emily already knew that Kevin was a multipath because of his visit to the center. Somehow, it seemed Kevin was part of the threat that caused the future of Psi-Tech to alter so drastically. 
Emily woke up abruptly and checked the time. It was shortly after five. She sensed that her life was in danger but had no idea where the threat lay. Her heart beat wildly in her chest as panic gripped her. She turned on the lights, grabbed a sheet of paper and a pen so she could jot down as much information as she could remember about her vision. Unfortunately, she knew very little. She tried falling back asleep but the troubling sense of danger loomed over her. Emily finally gave up on going back to bed. She took a quick shower, dressed, and made her way to her office downstairs. She typed a report and submitted it to Julie and her brother. Emily looked over the calendar to see the appointments that were already made and wondered if it was possible to keep up with them.
Emily tried to look ahead in the future to see if she could discern specific important events that would lead to Psi-Tech’s altered future. Unfortunately, she couldn’t glean anything useful. Julie arrived unexpectedly which made Emily realize how much time had passed as she glanced over at the clock that showed it was a little after seven. 
“I didn’t realize you were such an early bird,” Julie said.
“I had nightmares,” Emily said.
“Yes, I saw your report,” Julie said gravely. “Nathan sent me a report with the same vision. Unfortunately, he didn’t see any details that we could track. He had a couple of brief impressions of Kevin like you did. Kevin was working with somebody it seemed but he couldn’t get an image.”
“I didn’t see that report,” Emily said musingly.
“He copied you,” Julie said. “Have you checked your email recently?”
“No, I haven’t. I’ve been trying to get more details and lost track of time.” Emily glanced down and saw that she did indeed have an email from Nathan, the only precognitive in her department. “Thank you for letting me know.”
“Of course,” Julie said. “Breakfast has arrived if you’re hungry. It’s going to be a long day.”
“Yes, it is,” Emily agreed.
“I’d like for you to set aside short periods of time where you will be unavailable for calls so you can focus on Psi-Tech’s future to try and determine what’s going on over there,” Julie said.
“Sure.”
“And tell Nathan to do the same thing. I know that we’re completely booked up but I’ve got a bad feeling about your visions,” Julie said.

Chapter 14
Rose gazed sightlessly out the window of her room as she sat motionless in the chair. She spent most of her waking hours in this position. Her eyes focused and she sat up straighter. She took stock of her surroundings then rose to her feet and crossed the room. She pulled out an envelope, a pen, and a sheet of paper from the pile she’d stashed underneath the bed. She had used her ability to make one of the orderlies give her these supplies then forget that he’d done it. She wrote a brief message for George Hendricks to let him know that his psychic network had the ability to link with telepaths and that it would greatly benefit him to advertise to help those telepaths who suffered from abilities that were too strong to control. Phoenix Enterprises didn’t yet have the resources to advertise outside their local area but Psi-Tech could create television commercials across the entire country. They would achieve unspeakable power in a very short period of time and were no longer threatened by the telepaths.
At the end of the letter, Rose signed with a backwards R next to an infinity symbol which was how she’d been communicating anonymously to George Hendricks for a couple of years. She had given him enough advice to earn his trust and hopefully he would jump on the information she provided in this letter. All of her carefully laid plans would come to fruition soon. There were a couple of threats that had popped up but she could take care of them fairly easily. First, she needed to get this letter in the mail. Rose folded the note and sealed it an envelope with George Hendrick’s address. She used her electrokinesis to shut down the power in the entire facility which would prevent any surveillance cameras in the hallway to record Rose’s apparent lucidity. She stepped toward the door which opened of its own accord and happened to find Ken. She immediately flooded his mind with a powerful stream of psychic energy. He froze and stared at her in horror. He tried to escape but couldn’t. He was the most resistant out of all the staff members at the facility to her mind control. 
Rose wished she would have found an easier target. She concentrated on his mind until she was certain that he was under her complete control.
“Take this letter and immediately put a stamp on it then take it to the drop box outside. Don’t let anyone see you do it. Once you come back inside here, you will forget we had this conversation and that you mailed the letter,” Rose said forcefully. “Do you understand?”
“Yes,” Ken said.
“Go,” Rose ordered.
She watched Kevin walk away before returning to her room and closing the door. She felt her consciousness leaving Rose’s body and knew her visit would end soon. She quickly surveyed the room to make sure she hadn’t left any clues to what she’d done then sat down in the chair. When her consciousness seeped away, Rose’s gaze lost focus and she hunched forward slightly.

Chapter 15
Business over the last couple of days had dropped off considerably at Phoenix Enterprises as Psi-Tech had launched a heavy advertising campaign to attract new telepaths to their psychic network. Emily had been flabbergasted when she’d first heard the news but her visions now made sense regarding Psi-Tech’s new and improved status in the future. They already had several large facilities in three different states and enough money to advertise everywhere in the country. If Julie, Jeremy, and Emily couldn’t think of a way to increase their own network soon, there would be no way to compete. Emily already believed it to be a hopeless cause but her brother was determined to find a solution. Now that business had dropped off, Emily had more time to study Psi-Tech’s future. Unfortunately, she had learned very little as events kept altering drastically.
Somehow, Psi-Tech must have gotten hold of a powerful precognitive that knew exactly how to change events that benefited their company. In several years, it looked like Psi-Tech would actually seize control of the government. Emily hadn’t realized the senior management was quite that ambitious. She was currently working in her office with Jeremy seated across the room at his desk. She could feel his concerned gaze on her and looked up to smile reassuringly.
“Don’t worry,” she said.
“I can’t help but worry.” A troubled frown spread across Jeremy’s face. “I’m getting a sense that you’re somehow in danger.”
“We all are,” Emily responded.
“Something’s wrong.” Alarm flickered in Jeremy’s eyes.
“What do you mean?”
“It’s Nathan,” Jeremy said.
He could sense a disturbing ripple emanating from Nathan’s position in the psychic network. He telepathically alerted Julie who asked him to meet her at his office. Emily followed Jeremy down the hall to Nathan’s small, tidy office. He was slumped forward against his desk unconscious. A powerful disruption suddenly exploded around Nathan’s position in the psychic network. Jeremy didn’t sense the same effect coming from his sister until she began to pass out. He caught her before she collapsed and Julie burst into the room. She quickly took in the situation and knelt beside Jeremy to get a closer look at Emily.
“What’s going on?” Julie demanded sharply.
“Some sort of psychic disruption,” Jeremy said slowly as he tried to puzzle out the cause of this dangerous phenomenon.
“Can you help them?” Julie asked.
“I don’t know.” Jeremy frowned at his sister with concern and tentatively reached out with his mind to ascertain her condition. “She has some sort of shield around her. I can’t get through without possibly hurting her.”
“We should get them to the hospital,” Julie suggested.
“No, they would be in danger there.” Jeremy’s intuition kicked in. “They were both attacked at a psychic level.”
“Psi-Tech,” Julie said sharply.
“I believe so. It’s the only explanation,” Jeremy agreed.
“It must be because of their precognitive abilities.” Julie’s expression was contemplative. “They’re perceived as a threat because they might be able to discover what’s going on at Psi-Tech.”
“I’m going to get Emily back to her room and see if I can find a way to help her,” Jeremy said.
“Good idea. I’ll have Nathan brought to his room as well,” Julie said.
Jeremy carried his sister to her room and found Kate waiting for them. Apparently, Julie had informed her of what had happened. Unshed tears welled in Kate’s eyes as she took in Emily’s condition. 
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Kate whispered with anguished despair.
“She’s going to be fine,” Jeremy said reassuringly.
He gently laid Emily on her bed as Kate anxiously hovered nearby. 
“How do you know that?” Kate asked. “It’s like I got her back for a week and when I finally get to see her, she’s dying.”
“She’s not dying,” Jeremy said. “I see her waking up but I can’t tell when.”
Kate blinked at him in surprise and nodded slowly. “Yes, I see it too. I guess there is an advantage to being a precognitive.”
“Definitely,” Jeremy said. 
“Julie thinks this is an attack by Psi-Tech,” Kate said shakily. “How can we protect ourselves?”
“I don’t know. We should take a moment to try and see if anything like this is going to happen within the next couple of days. I’m not good at pinpointing precise events like that so I’m not sure how effective I’ll be.”
“Okay.”
They lapsed into silence which dragged on for quite awhile before Jeremy gave up.
“I don’t see any attacks and it looks like they’re both going to wake up on their own,” Jeremy said.
“Yes, that’s what I see. But how do we know that there aren’t attacks that we just aren’t seeing?” Kate asked.
“There’s no certainty but I can safely say the likelihood is minimal,” Jeremy said.
“I’ll watch over Emily if you need to get back to work,” Kate said.
“I really should,” Jeremy said reluctantly.
Even though work had dropped off, scheduling was still very tight and they couldn’t afford to lose any clients to Psi-Tech. At the end of the day, Jeremy tried to one more time to see what was causing the future to alter for Psi-Tech. He focused his will on seeing the details but they remained elusive. His pupils dilated until there was only a sliver of color in his eyes and the temperature in the room plummeted. His hands flew over the keyboard as he searched online for random keywords that flashed in his mind. He was no longer tapping into his precognitive ability but had turned to his intuition instead. He blinked in surprise when he found several listings for psychic research companies. They were located in California, New York, and New Jersey. Jeremy clicked on the company based in California called Psychic Parallels. This company hadn’t received any press attention and had started up yesterday. Somehow, these new companies were linked to what was happening with Psi-Tech. Julie unexpectedly entered the room and strolled over to him.
“I don’t expect you to work clear through the night just because we’re partners,” Julie said teasingly.
“I was trying to see what was going on at Psi-Tech,” Jeremy said. “I intuitively received keywords for an online search and discovered there are three new psychic research companies like ourselves and Psi-Tech.”
“Really?” Julie asked, intrigued. “Are they subsidiaries of Psi-Tech?”
“No, they are owned by individuals and haven’t received any publicity. They’re advertising online. The closest one to us is in California. I think we need to check them out.”
“Is it your intuition?” Julie studied him appraisingly.
“Yes. I feel they are somehow linked with what is going on,” Jeremy said.
“Interesting,” Julie remarked. “I would like you to go with Emily when she wakes up.”
“Okay.” Jeremy was relieved she hadn’t asked him to go immediately because he wasn’t sure he could bring himself to leave his sister in her current condition.
“I hired four more telepaths who can help us keep up with our work load. I’m sure I’ll continue to recruit a small number of people,” Julie said.
“I’m surprised they would choose to live here when they don’t know the danger that Psi-Tech poses,” Jeremy said.
“I’m letting them live here rent free while they work for us but it’s not a requirement. They’ll look for a home in the area. The salary I’m offering is very generous so we’re definitely going to attract new staff members,” Julie told him.
“I wonder how we can possibly compete with Psi-Tech,” Jeremy remarked.
“If new companies like us begin to pop up everywhere, we won’t have to compete with them on our own. There will be plenty of competition. It may take the heat off us but I’m definitely going to want to learn how they’re linked with Psi-Tech.” Julie smiled encouragingly at him. “I’ve got good news. Our psychic network has expanded to include over six hundred members.”
“That’s great news!” Jeremy exclaimed.
“Yes, it is.”
He checked in on Emily before getting a bite to eat. She was still unconscious and Kate was with her. Kate said she’d already eaten and preferred to stay with Emily so Jeremy went to find Skylar. The two of them went to the eating area for dinner and decided on sweet and sour chicken since they were tired of pizza. 
“So how are things going? I haven’t had a chance to talk to you since yesterday,” Jeremy said.
“I’m okay. I visited Emily a couple of times during breaks. Kate said she’s definitely going to be okay. She saw her waking up in the near future. Is that what you saw?” Skylar asked with concern. 
Evidently he didn’t share as much faith in Kate’s precognitive abilities as he did Jeremy’s.
“Yes, she’s going to be fine,” Jeremy said reassuringly.
He explained to Skylar what he’d learned about the new psychic research companies.
“I’m surprised that they would start up so quickly,” Skylar said. “It takes money to start up a business.”
“Yes, it does. I’m really curious about what we’ll find,” Jeremy said.
“I’d like to go, too. If there’s a link with Psi-Tech, it might be a good idea for at least three of us to be there.”
“Sure, you can come,” Jeremy said.
After they finished their dinner, they checked in on Emily who was still lying unconscious. Kate paced back and forth in the room.
“I can’t take it for much longer,” Kate said.
“It’ll be okay,” Jeremy said.
They waited in silence as time dragged on. Jeremy sensed something strange and reached out with his mind to identify the phenomenon. After a moment, he realized that faint, dissonant ripples shuddered through the psychic network. Jeremy wondered how he could stop them. They weren’t doing any damage at the moment but that could change. He theorized that this may have preceded the first psychic attack that had immobilized Emily but that he hadn’t noticed. Abruptly, the dissonant ripples focused onto specific targets. Someone’s mind screamed in agony and Jeremy pushed back against the attacker. The target abruptly change and new destructive waves of dissonance energy crashed through the network. Jeremy tracked the new target but before he could intervene, it switched again. He quickly reached out to find the new victim but wasn’t fast enough. Fortunately, he had so far prevented anyone from losing consciousness. 
Jeremy continued to pursue the attacker and at the same time tried to develop a strategy of locating him quicker. Whoever was doing this possessed a psychic imprint that was very familiar.
“Julie, I need some help,” Jeremy said telepathically.
“What do you need?” she said.
“Someone is attacking different people in our network. I need help locating him quickly and pushing him out when he attacks,” Jeremy said.
“I think that some remote-viewers would come in handy,” Julie said. “I’ll contact them to coordinate efforts with you to track down the intruder.”
“Okay. If you think that will work,” Jeremy said doubtfully.
“It’s the best course of action,” Julie said.
A group of telepaths met with Jeremy and he directed them to the next target when it occurred. They were successfully in helping to push back against the intruder when the next assault came. Following the same behavior as before, the attacker instantly retreated when they intervened.
“Did anyone track him down?” Jeremy asked.
“We see him,” two of the remote-viewers responded. “He’s at Psi-Tech in Seattle. We’re trying to see if we can ID him.”
“Show me what he looks like,” Jeremy instructed.
A very familiar image popped in his mind’s eye. Jeremy quickly identified the teenager as Kevin, the one who had visited the building earlier from Psi-Tech. He seethed with anger as he remembered Sharon’s reassurance that they wouldn’t attack. He telepathically relayed what he’d learned to Julie. She informed him she was going to call Sharon immediately. Jeremy doubted it would do any good so he instructed the remote-viewers to guide him to Kevin. They hesitated before complying with his order. An office materialized in Jeremy’s mind as he located the attacker. Kevin sat in a cushioned, black chair at a black desk with his hands planted on its surface. His black eyes were open and a distinct chill permeated the room. 
Jeremy focused on pushing against Kevin’s mind in an instinctive attack. Kevin had obviously sensed his presence because he instantly blocked it and aimed a powerful stream of dissonant energy at him. It was much stronger than the earlier attacks and Jeremy instinctively retreated back to his body. Unfortunately, Kevin managed to follow him and continued the assault. Pain wracked through Jeremy’s body as he struggled to ward off the stream of psychic energy piercing into him. For some reason, he couldn’t protect himself. Jeremy abruptly changed tactics and fought back instead of defending himself. Kevin was caught off balance and Jeremy took advantage of the surprise by pushing him roughly away. 
Julie burst into the room to see if he was all right. Jeremy sagged against the wall as his legs threatened to collapse. Fatigue swamped through his body and he stumbled over to the bed to sit down. He’d successfully inflicted some damage to Kevin but had also suffered quite a bit himself.
“Are you going to be all right?” Julie asked.
“Yes. I just need to rest for a bit,” Jeremy said.
“It’s cold in here.” Kate shivered and frowned at them in puzzlement.
“It’s a side effect when a multipath uses a lot of their psychic ability,” Julie explained. “I called Sharon at Psi-Tech to demand that she stop the attack and she claimed she had no idea that there was one going on. I told her we identified Kevin’s psychic imprint and know it was him. She assured us that no attack was authorized and she would look into it.”
“Do you believe her?” Skylar asked.
“Not for an instant,” Julie responded.
“I got rid of Kevin. I think I might have temporarily clipped his wings. He should leave us alone for awhile,” Jeremy noted.
“Good work,” Julie acknowledged. “We’re going to need to figure out a way of defending ourselves against this kind of attack in the future.”
“I think what we’ll need to do is find out which of us have offensive, long-range capabilities and have them ready in situations like this. The remote-viewers can guide them to any attackers,” Jeremy said.
Julie nodded in agreement. “We also need to find a way to block intruders. There has to be a way.”
“I think the same technique of pushing back against remote-viewers who try to lock onto us would work,” Jeremy hypothesized.
“That’s something we should train everyone to do,” Julie acknowledged. “Great idea. I’ll coordinate a telepathic instruction guide so that all members of the center will know what to do.” She gazed down at Emily for a moment then looked up to address the group. “This would be a perfect time to gather information on Psi-Tech. I’ve already put the remote-viewers to work on it for random intervals but I think we should take a look now. If anyone is interested in joining with me, we can go as a group.”
 Skylar and Jeremy both volunteered immediately. Julie nodded in acknowledgement and Kate piped up that she wanted to participate as well.
“Are you sure?” Julie’s surprise was obvious as she clearly hadn’t expected Kate to volunteer. 
“Yes, I want to be a part of this,” Kate said.
“All right. Let’s all sit down and get comfortable so we can begin. We’ll need to concentrate for possibly quite awhile,” Julie said.
They found each other in the psychic network as well as the remote-viewers who had been patiently waiting since Julie had telepathically let them know her plans just before asking for volunteers. The group was pulled along in the wake of the remote-viewers who locked onto Kevin’s position. The teenaged multipath was seated at a desk in a medium-sized office with his eyes closed and fog escaping from his breath due to the cold temperature. The computer monitor in front of him was shut down so they all knew he hadn’t been working on it. They all waited for something to happen and wondered if anything would until finally Kevin’s eyes opened to reveal completely dilated pupils with no trace of color whatsoever. This alerted everyone to the fact that he was still utilizing his psychic abilities in a major way. The door unexpectedly burst open and Sharon stalked inside wearing a crisp, black business suit. 
Her face conveyed a livid anger as she approached the desk followed by two security officers who already had their guns drawn. Surprise finally registered on her face as the cold air permeated her consciousness but the anger quickly took over again.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Sharon bit out furiously.
“I was attacking the psychic network at Phoenix Enterprises,” Kevin said in a cold, matter-of-fact tone.
“On whose authority?” Sharon demanded.
“My own, of course,” Kevin taunted.
“You have no authority to take such action on your own! You need to learn to follow orders! When George hears about this, he’s going to strip away your authority and make you a lowly peon. You jeopardized our security with your childish attack,” Sharon snapped.
“I used my healing ability in an experiment to see if it was possible for long-range attacks. It turned out to work very well. George will slap my wrist but will approve of the results,” Kevin said calmly.
“He won’t approve when he learns that you acted on someone else’s behalf. I’ve been investigating you and have learned some interesting things,” Sharon said smugly. “You’ve been working against us from the beginning.”
“You’ve had psychometrists read my room,” Kevin said bluntly.
“That’s right,” Sharon said with a tight, angry smile. “And you’ve been working for someone who has their own agenda. I’m not sure what you were trying to accomplish by attacking Phoenix Enterprises except maybe you were trying to increase tensions between us in order to undermine Psi-Tech’s power base.”
“That wasn’t my intention,” Kevin said slowly. “My associate and I wish for Psi-Tech to remain strong and have helped your efforts. I was learning my potential in the attack on Phoenix Enterprises and also buying us some time. You see, there are two members of the Phoenix Enterprises psychic network who will learn information that will ultimately lead to our failure to attain a power base.”
“Who are these two individuals?” 
“You’re very well acquainted with one of them. Her name is Emily Winters. The other is Nathan Roedrill.”
“And what exactly would they learn that would lead to the failure of Psi-Tech?” Sharon demanded. When Kevin failed to respond, her face contorted with renewed anger. “It’s just as I thought. You’re protecting your own agenda and it’s not necessarily in Psi-Tech’s best interests. You can no longer be trusted.” She threw a commanding look at the security officers. “Shoot him.”
They immediately complied as they hadn’t lowered their guns during the entire tense, verbal exchange. The tranquilizer darts froze in midair about a foot from each gun, slowly turned and shot back at each of the operatives, injecting them in the neck. They crumpled to the floor in unconscious heaps as Sharon blinked in surprise. Kevin smiled widely with evident satisfaction.
“When did you become telekinetic?” Sharon asked shakily.
“I’ve always had that particular ability.” Kevin slowly rose to his feet. “I have a lot more abilities than I admitted to this company. I’ve known all along that we would be forced to part ways. You’ve outgrown your usefulness to us.”
“Psi-Tech has vast resources. They will hunt you down no matter where you hide,” Sharon said coldly.
Instead of responding, Kevin merely gazed at her with his chilling, black eyes. Sharon pulled out a gun from inside her suit and pointed it at him. The weapon whipped out of her hand and landed in the far corner of the room. Sharon gasped and retreated several steps toward the open door. Her eyes widened with terror and she grasped her chest. She drew breath laboriously as if something impeded her lungs.
“It’s very unpleasant to have dissonant healing energy directed at you.” Kevin smiled chillingly at her.
Sharon continued to breathe laboriously and sank to her knees as fatigue set in. Soon, she passed out and Kevin stepped over her. He paused at the door and looked around the room. Without warning, Jeremy and his group were thrown out of the room and found themselves back in their bodies with an alarming rapidity. Jeremy opened his eyes to find himself falling out of his chair in Emily’s room.
“He must have known we were watching the entire time but didn’t care,” Skylar said.
“Or maybe he didn’t notice us until he was leaving,” Julie said.
“No, I sensed that he wanted us to see him in action,” Jeremy said.
“He must have a pretty big ego,” Julie said. “It looks like we have another problem besides Psi-Tech. I wonder who his associate is.”
“If it’s just two of them, they aren’t really a threat,” Skylar said. “They’re up against both Psi-Tech and us.”
“I believe that they are manipulating us somehow,” Julie said. “If it’s just the two of them, the only way for them to be effective is to pull the strings of larger teams or to take over one or both teams.”
“Do you think that’s possible?” Skylar said with alarm. “How could they take over Psi-Tech?”
“I’m not sure. Psi-Tech is a large company so maybe they have several people in key positions who are being blackmailed or controlled somehow,” Julie said. “We’ll need to find out more about them.”

Chapter 16
Jeremy met with Julie and Ryan in the main conference room early in the morning before business operating hours. They all had large mugs of coffee in front of them and a copy of the appointments set for the next several days.
“Congratulations are in order.” A radiant smile curved Julie’s lips. “We have kept every obligation so far in spite of the very tight scheduling. Last night, I purchased three plane tickets for you to visit Psychic Parallels and investigate the company. You can bring whoever you like but I would suggest that at least one of them be a psychometrist. I know you don’t want to leave your sister while she is in her current state but she was supposed to have awakened by now and it’s obvious something has changed. I believe our best shot of helping both Emily and Nathan is to find out what’s going on.”
“I agree,” Jeremy said. “I’ll definitely bring Skylar with me. Kate had originally wanted to go with us but since Emily is still unconscious, I’m sure she’ll want to remain here.”
“The strongest psychometrist we have right now is Lynette. She’s a new-hire who doesn’t yet know about Psi-Tech so you’ll have to be careful what you say around her. We don’t want to freak people out by making them think we’re off balance. We lost a lot of potential telepaths to our psychic network because they thought we were crazy. As you know, a lot of people find it hard to believe that Psi-Tech has secretly been killing telepaths – especially when they are adding telepaths to their psychic network,” Julie explained.
“In spite of their new policy of accepting telepaths, Psi-Tech is somehow going to be even more of a threat in the future than ever before.” Jeremy’s expression was grim. “When does the flight take off for California?”
“At nine o’clock so you’ll have to leave here in a couple of hours,” Julie told him. “The return flight isn’t scheduled back until seven in the evening which will give you plenty of time to investigate Psychic Parallels.”
She slid the envelope containing a printout of the online tickets she’d purchased across the table and Jeremy accepted them.
“Thanks,” he acknowledged. “Do you have enough skilled precognitives to fulfill the obligations for our current clients?”
“We have three precognitives that can do the job for today,” Julie reassured him. 
The rest of the meeting covered a variety of topics regarding ideas for increasing their psychic network more quickly. The main concern was Psi-Tech’s rate of expansion which remote-viewers had reported was four times greater than Phoenix Enterprises. Afterwards, Jeremy telepathically informed Skylar and Lynette of their mission to Psychic Parallels. When they gathered in the lobby, Jeremy and Skylar introduced themselves to Lynette who they hadn’t met before. She was a middle-aged woman with graying brown hair, blue eyes, and a friendly smile. She wore pink slacks, a pink blouse, and pink tennis shoes with a bulky pink purse. As Jeremy drove to the airport, they made small talk and Lynette offered her sympathies over Emily’s current state. Unfortunately, Julie hadn’t been able to purchase seating on the plane together so they were dispersed in different sections. When they arrived in San Diego, Jeremy rented a white sedan and drove to Psychic Parallels which was situated in a small, run-down white building on the outskirts of the business district.
“Interesting,” Skylar murmured.
“They’re definitely a very small company,” Jeremy said.
They stepped inside the building and found themselves standing in a small lobby area with half a dozen plastic red chairs lining either side of the room. A musty smell permeated the area and the front counter was comprised of old, orange Formica. A young blond in her early twenties was seated behind it. A brass name plate on the counter identified her as Molly with the title of consultant. She beamed at them as they approached.
“Welcome to Psychic Parallels. My name is Molly.”
“Hi, I’m Jeremy and this is Lynette and Skylar. I’m vice-president of operations from Phoenix Enterprises and these are my associates. We’re skilled professionals in the field of psychic research and consultation and thought the owner or manager might be interested in speaking with us,” Jeremy said.
Molly stared off into space for several seconds then her gaze shifted back to meet Jeremy’s. “Yes, the owner would like to speak with you. It will be just a moment. Please, have a seat.”
Jeremy, Skylar, and Lynette seated themselves and waited patiently. Lynette’s right hand rested on the side of the chair and her eyes took on a faraway look as she read any psychic imprints. Jeremy wondered what information she would discover. It didn’t take long for a short, dark-haired man in his early thirties to arrive. He had a tan, a neatly-trimmed beard and wore a black polo shirt and jeans with flip flops. He radiated a strong psychic energy that made Jeremy a little uncomfortable.
“Hi, I’m Craig, one of the owners of Psychic Parallels.” He shook each of their hands. “Please, follow me. We can talk in my office.”
His office was tiny with outdated, shaggy brown carpeting and freshly painted white walls. A small desk with what looked like several family pictures was situated in the corner of the room and three large filing cabinets on the other side of the room. Three chairs faced the desk and a couple of tasteful paintings hung on opposite sides of the room.
“It’s good to meet you. I hadn’t realized there were other companies besides Psi-Tech like us,” Craig said when they had all taken their seats.
“Yes, there are several new companies,” Jeremy said. “Phoenix Enterprises started up a little over a week ago. Julie and I are the owners and we started out with a loose network after discovering that telepaths can link and increase their psychic abilities. We then formed a company to help other telepaths and multipaths.”
“Interesting. That’s the same terminology that I’m familiar with. We have eleven multipaths in our network. Our company itself has eight employees and a little less than a hundred members altogether in our network. My sister and I are both multipaths. Our main objective is to eventually create a cooperative network with all telepaths and multipaths in the world. Of course, it will take a long time to succeed but the more companies who are working on the same goal, the faster we will achieve it.”
Jeremy hadn’t considered joining the psychic network at Psychic Parallels but doing so would greatly increase their network. It would be prudent to discover more information before jumping in though.
“I’m curious as to how you formed a company so quickly,” Jeremy said with a polite smile.
“I wish I could claim all the credit but I had a lot of help. You see, there were psychics before the big day that transformed the world. Psi-Tech already existed and there was a smattering of psychics scattered everywhere. My sister, Stacy, and I are fraternal twins. We already shared a telepathic link although it took a lot of concentration to communicate with each other before the electric storms. There was someone who could see the future that corresponded with us for about one year before that. The letters provided us with ways to make money by accurately forecasting specific events. We were advised that our business would save many lives because the electrical storms would be a catalyst for the activation of extremely powerful psychic abilities in some individuals that would quickly lead to their death. By linking with other telepaths, these individuals could be saved.
“We were given a list with thirty people who would die from such abilities. Four of those were given correspondence by presumably the same anonymous person that wrote to us. These individuals were given letters that accurately predicted events for them in order to gain their trust and later were warned they would die as a result of the electrical storms unless they linked with other telepaths. A week before the storms happened, we were all given contact information about each other and agreed to meet and link right after the storm if we developed the symptoms that were described to us. Everything that the letters predicted for the storm came to pass and we linked that very day, forming the beginning of our psychic network.” Craig smiled cheerfully at them. “Tell me how you started up.”
“Well, my sister was a precognitive before the storms. She was able to foresee events in the distant future that would take place after the storm. She learned a lot of information and learned a great deal about Psi-Tech which has a lot of corruption. We wanted to offer an alternative to Psi-Tech as we didn’t like what would occur in the future,” Jeremy said.
“Yes, we see something dark about Psi-Tech as well. However, it is a company that originated by government funding and therefore some corruption is to be expected. Over time, when all telepaths and multipaths have joined together, we will evolve morally and Psi-Tech will become a positive influence in the world.”
Jeremy, Skylar, and Lynette were flabbergasted to hear this prediction made and wondered if the precognitives working at Psychic Parallels really saw this happening or if it was just a theory.
“I’m afraid the precognitives we have don’t share your vision of Psi-Tech. It seems to be growing darker and more ominous as though with greater ability, they become more corrupt,” Jeremy said slowly.
“For now, that is what is happening but you have to realize that the more our psychic network grows, the more the future alters. The one who made this company possible was able to accurately predict all events that he or she forecasted and had a vision of Psi-Tech becoming a positive influence on the world in about twenty years. Even though the precognitives see troubling things in regards to Psi-Tech, we have been assured that the future is even now changing but we just aren’t as strong as the anonymous individual,” Craig said.
“My sister has always been a very strong precognitive and she never saw Psi-Tech losing its darker side,” Jeremy argued.
“I’m afraid we’re just going to have to agree to disagree on that point. I usually charge an affordable fee for membership to our psychic network but since you already have an established network, I’m willing to link with you at no charge,” Craig offered.
“Are you intending to join Psi-Tech’s network?” Jeremy asked as a chill of foreboding gripped him.
“Yes, my sister is visiting with them as we speak. We made an appointment and should be linked at any moment.”
Jeremy couldn’t allow Phoenix Enterprises to become linked with Psi-Tech but he didn’t want to lose out on further information that might result from continuing a discussion with Craig. He struggled to think of something political to say that wouldn’t commit to anything.
“That sounds like an intriguing proposal. I’ll need to consult with my business partner before we go ahead and link,” Jeremy said smoothly. “I’d like to know more about the individual that helped your company. It sounds like this person never revealed himself?”
“No but we have several psychometrists that tried to read the psychic imprint on the letters and are sure it’s a woman. Unfortunately, there isn’t a strong enough impression to read anything else.”
“Lynette is a very powerful psychometrist. Would you mind letting her try to read the letters?” Jeremy requested.
“Sure.” Craig rose from his desk and crossed the room to one of the filing cabinets. He opened the second drawer from the top and pulled out a large folder containing a multitude of letters. “We kept all the letters and placed them in one folder. This is what she wrote to all five of us.”
“Thanks.” Jeremy accepted the folder and handed it to Lynette.
She rested the pile of letters on her lap and placed both hands flat on the top. They all wore expectant looks on their faces as they waited for her analysis.
“She’s definitely a woman. I’m seeing a bunch of people around her and yet she spends a lot of time alone looking out the window,” Lynette said slowly with her eyes squeezed shut. She hesitated as she processed more images and impressions. “I sense a powerful mind but it’s separate from the one who writes these letters. It’s as if the body and the mind are separate somehow. I’m not quite sure I’m interpreting this correctly. Give me a moment.”
Jeremy and Skylar exchanged surprised looks as they mulled over what Lynette had just learned. Jeremy couldn’t make sense of it, but at the same time, was trying to keep his mind clear so he wouldn’t miss anything when Lynette spoke again.
“Yes, there is a definite disparity between the body and mind. It’s such a powerful mind and it almost feels like it doesn’t belong. I’m afraid I can’t explain anymore.” Lynette sighed and opened her eyes. “I’m sorry.”
“You did terrific!” Craig exclaimed. “No one has received that much information from those letters before and believe me, we’ve tried.”
“Thanks,” Lynette said gratefully.
“You’re a world-class psychometrist. The best I’ve seen although I haven’t seen too many,” Craig said.
“Can I see one of those letters?” Jeremy inquired.
“Sure.”
Jeremy pulled out one of the sheets of paper and read over the letter silently. At the bottom where the signature should be was an infinity symbol with a backwards R attached.
“She signs in an interesting way,” Jeremy said.
“Yes, it’s fascinating. She’s a wonderful person. I’m sure we’ll meet her someday,” Craig said.
“Why didn’t she come here and introduce herself?” Jeremy asked.
“She said it’s too complicated to explain but that she would be here some day,” Craig said.
“Doesn’t that make you uneasy that she’s so secretive about her identity after all this time?” Lynette asked.
“Not at all. She’s been a great support for about a year now. I trust her and know she has our best interests at heart,” Craig said passionately.
“I don’t exactly sense a benevolent mind from these letters,” Lynette said.
“She’s extremely powerful so you’re probably misinterpreting some of what you’re perceiving. You don’t have the experience of working with her like I do so you don’t know how kindhearted she is.”
“But you haven’t worked with her at all. You haven’t even met her,” Jeremy pointed out.
Craig’s smile dropped and his eyes took on a guarded quality. “Be careful what you say. Everyone thinks very highly of her even if we haven’t met. She’s done a lot of good for this community and none of us would appreciate people smearing her name and reputation.”
“I’m sorry if I might have given you that impression,” Jeremy said smoothly. “We’re just cautious because of our negative experience with Psi-Tech. It’s hard to trust anonymous people we haven’t even met but obviously you’ve developed a good rapport with her.”
“I understand.” Craig seemed to relax and his smile returned. “Was there anything else you wanted to know? When do you think we could hear back from you about merging our psychic networks?”
“Julie tends to make her decisions very quickly. We’ll get back to you very soon,” Jeremy promised.
“That’s good news. Do you have a business card?” Craig asked.
“Yes, I do.” Jeremy handed him one. 
“Thanks.”
Jeremy, Skylar, and Lynette wrapped up their conversation with Craig and left. As soon as Jeremy drove away from the building, Lynette pulled out a small notepad and jotted down some information.
“What do you have?” Jeremy asked.
“I didn’t tell you everything. I figured we could keep this information within our company,” Lynette explained. “I picked up a name where the person is staying. I saw an image of what she looked like and I would recognize her if we saw her.”
“That’s great! What’s the name of the place?” Jeremy asked.
“Evergreen Terrace Center. I think it’s a psychiatric institution.”
“We’ll have to see if we can find it online,” Skylar said. “We can stop by the library while we’re here and use the public computers.”
“They’re making a big mistake by joining Psi-Tech,” Jeremy said fervently. “I wish there was some way I could make them understand that.”
“Whoever this woman is, she’s manipulating events in a big way,” Lynette said. “That’s something I picked up as well.”
“What else did you find out?” Jeremy asked.
“That’s about it,” Lynette said. “I’d like to know what you and some of the others at Phoenix Enterprises are hiding.”
“What do you mean?” Jeremy asked slowly.
“Come on, I’m a telepath. Any telepath working with others will sense when they’re hiding something. You guys definitely know more about Psi-Tech than you’re letting on.”
“We keep some things to ourselves because what we know is difficult to believe and very disturbing,” Jeremy said.
“Just tell me!” Lynette exclaimed impatiently.
“All right.” Jeremy gathered his thoughts and tried to come up with the best way of explaining what he knew. “Psi-Tech has certain executives at the top who’ve been exploiting psychics before the storm. They abducted some powerful psychics including my sister, Emily. She was a prisoner for them for years. Precognitives made Psi-Tech a lot of money.”
“Why didn’t they just recruit the precognitives?” Lynette said.
“They did recruit some psychics but the really powerful ones were kept prisoners. I think it’s because they didn’t want to take the chance that they’d say no plus the more civilians they hired, the greater the chance the company would be exposed.”
“I suppose that makes a kind of sense,” Lynette said.
“But it’s hard to believe unless you witness it firsthand which is why Julie wants us to keep it to ourselves,” Jeremy said.
“I believe you,” Lynette said. “And there’s something else you’re not telling me. It’s a really big secret. Tell me.”
“Okay but you have to promise to keep an open mind and to keep this to yourself and others in our core group,” Jeremy said.
“I promise.”
Jeremy told her about Psi-Tech’s old agenda of killing telepaths. Horror warred with disbelief but Lynette kept her thoughts to herself. She finally shook her head sadly.
“If that’s true, no wonder you’re so careful,” Lynette said softly.
Jeremy stopped at a convenience store to pick up a map that had libraries listed on it. They went to the closest one and Skylar did a search on the internet for Evergreen Terrace Center. He quickly determined that this was a mental institution in Tukwila, Washington.
“I had assumed it would be somewhere around here in California. I’m surprised,” Lynette said.
“I wonder what’s going on there,” Skylar said.

Chapter 17
Rose lay in bed sleeping early in the morning. Sunlight filtered through a crack in the blinds of the window. An unnatural chill dominated the room and mist was clearly visible flowing from her lips as she breathed. She abruptly awakened to reveal black eyes. For the first time in her life, Rose was fully cognizant of her surroundings. A euphoric smile curved her lips as she slowly sat up. Her frizzy brown hair was messy from sleep and she tentatively ran a hand through it, savoring the new sensation. She rose to her feet and gazed around the room. Information flooded through her senses and a connection to a powerful energy that few could detect or tap into streamed in her consciousness. She intuitively knew that becoming part of a vast psychic network had healed her and anchored her mind and body.
The beauty of the mysterious connection that was part of her unique gift was breathtaking as it manifested as a kaleidoscope of colors beyond the subatomic level, winking joyously at her from every location in the room. Rose wasn’t sure how long she stared at the splendor surrounding her but her attention abruptly focused on Ken as he opened the door and stood in the threshold gaping at her.
“Rose? You’re awake?” he stared at her with astonishment.
“Yes, I am.” She smiled widely at him.
He shivered as the cold air from the room rushed over him and escaped out into the hallway. His brown eyes blinked at her and a grin transformed his face.
“This is great!” He laughed joyously and continued to do so.
Rose crossed the room and gave him a hug which he returned. They both laughed joyously and were so caught up in the moment they didn’t notice the others nearby who were shut in their rooms had joined in the laughter. Another orderly named Leo shuffled down the hallway with a smile on his face. He was middle-aged with severe crow’s feet marring his face and hunched shoulders. He peered at Rose and Ken with piercing green eyes.
“What’s going on?” Leo asked pleasantly which wasn’t like him. He was normally mildly grumpy with a slight frown on his face.
“Rose is awake,” Ken said.
Leo’s smile widened and he stared at them for several seconds before saying, “That’s great news!”
He straightened to his full height and the pain from his arthritis melted away. He walked over to them and they embraced in a group hug for a moment before breaking away and marching toward the front desk. The receptionist, a young woman, buzzed them past the glass security door. They marched purposefully into the lobby area with Rose.
“Where are we going?” she asked hesitantly as the front doors loomed ahead. Venturing outside made her feel unsafe. The unease popped the bubble of euphoria and Rose lost her connection to the mysterious force she’d been tapped into although she was still linked with the psychic network. Being cut off from that beauty gave her a terrible sense of isolation and despair. She desperately wanted to feel that way again.
“What’s going on here?” one of the doctors burst into the room.
“Rose is awake,” Ken said.
“So she is,” the doctor said with bemusement. “Can you hear me Rose?”
“Of course,” Rose said quietly as the depression grew stronger. Her pupils shrank to their normal size and her legs shook with the effort of keeping her upright. “What’s happening to me?”
She abruptly passed out and awakened again in her room early in the afternoon. A horrible sense of despair and sadness gripped her body like a vise. She couldn’t continue to live this way. This was unbearable. Rose became aware of the presence of a powerful mind brushing against her consciousness.
“Rose, you don’t have to feel this way,” a female voice said. It seemed oddly familiar as though she’d heard it many times before.
“I don’t want to be awake anymore. I can’t take this,” Rose thought.
“It doesn’t have to be this way. Open your mind to me and I can help,” the voice said.
“I don’t trust you.”
“I’ve been helping you for quite some time. Your body was like an empty vessel and I put events into motion to heal you.”
“You used me like a puppet,” Rose said defiantly. “You violated me.”
“I did what I could to help you. It was all for the greater good.”
“What will happen if I open my mind to you? Will you take over my body forever?” Rose demanded.
“That is no longer possible now that you are healed. I’m the one who put events into motion to have you become part of a psychic network. Originally, it didn’t happen until much later for you but now, you will enjoy a longer life.”
“How can I believe you? I’m remembering the things you did. You made people do what you wanted.”
“I was doing it to help others of our kind. You know about the electrical storms that changed the world,” the voice said. “You know of many things because of your unique gift. You are more special than you can imagine. We can be an incredible team.”
“You want to take over my body! You’re hiding something from me. I don’t trust you. Leave me alone!” Rose said forcefully.
“If you don’t let me help you, the doctors will experiment on you. I can save you from a lot of grief. There’s no need to suffer through the torment that awaits you,” the voice said desperately. “Open your mind to me! Allow me access and I’ll show you everything!”
“Go away!” Rose screamed and pushed violently against the intruder.
Rose breathed a tremulous sigh of relief but the despair still washed over her in tumultuous waves. It felt as though she was dying. She desperately reached out with her mind in search of the mysterious force she’d connected with earlier and finally found it. The heavy sense of hopelessness melted away as waves of euphoria washed over her. She clung to the mysterious force as her eyes dilated until they became completely black and the temperature in the room plummeted. Rose realized she was in a clean white uniform and her hair was slightly damp. While she’d been unconscious, the orderlies had bathed her as they did every day.
Rose sat up and faced Leo who was seated nearby watching her. She smiled and greeted him warmly. He smiled back and spoke into his walkie talkie. Soon, Doctor Tom Zimmerman arrived with a clipboard and papers.
“Rose, it’s a pleasure to see you active and aware,” Tom said.
“It’s good to finally be healed,” Rose said.
Tom smiled widely at her and she knew that while she was connected to the wonderful source of mysterious life energy that she exuded a strong sense of tranquility and bliss to anyone surrounding her. Tom bombarded her with a series of questions designed to gather information about her personality and subconscious. Soon, Rose became aware of the greedy nature of his thoughts as he intended on parading her to his colleagues at other facilities and news reporters as his prize patient who he had single-handedly helped to escape the lifetime of unconsciousness that had plagued her until now. Her connection with the mysterious force wavered and she instantly reverted all her attention to it and away from those minds surrounding her.
“Rose?” Tom prompted, for he’d just asked her a question and repeated it twice. “Are you still with us?”
“Yes,” she said but chose to remain only partly conscious to him. “It’s hard to concentrate right now.”
“I have more questions for you.” 
“I’m tired, Doctor. Can’t this wait for another time?” Rose asked cheerfully.
“I suppose so,” Tom said reluctantly but he was feeling good, and therefore, generous. “We can continue this session later. You can rest for now.”
“Thank you.” Rose smiled gratefully at him even as she sensed his vile intentions for her. There would be no peace for her as long as she stayed here. Unfortunately, she had no idea where she could escape to. She didn’t have any experience in the outside world even though centuries of wisdom flooded through her mind. She could hear so many thoughts surrounding her and one individual’s thoughts caught her attention. It was Doctor Zimmerman and he was planning a series of tests and experiments for Rose. Her life would be quite an ordeal, just like the strange intruder had told her. Focusing on this unpleasant reality caused her to lose her grip on the force. Instantly, hopelessness and despair took root. Pain wracked her body as the negative emotions tore through her like poison. 
Rose suffered through days of agony with only short periods of reprieve as she managed to temporarily connect with the force. Unfortunately, most of the time she spent was in misery brought when she was cut off from this joyous phenomenon. The powerful intruder visited her a couple of times to request access to her mind. Finally, Rose reluctantly spoke with her.
“What do you want from me?” Rose asked.
“I want to give you the benefit of my discipline and experience so that you don’t have to suffer anymore,” the voice said.
“How do I know you won’t try to take over if I let you in?” Rose asked fearfully.
“You can always create a very small opening and shield the rest of your mind. That would protect you,” the voice said. “It would severely limit the rate of information exchange between us though.”
“I could live with that,” Rose said.
“You are running out of time. Once Dr. Zimmerman gets it in his head to start drugging you, your abilities will become dormant.”
“Drugs will make my abilities go dormant?” Fear rose inside Rose and threatened to overwhelm her. It would be like becoming a prisoner in her own body – like reverting back to the way she was.
“The only way is for you to learn what I know,” the voice said. “We should get started since you’re going to severely limit my access.”
“All right,” Rose said.
She opened her mind just a sliver and built up the shields so that the intruder wouldn’t topple them from the inside. It was possible that the stranger would try to push her way through and break the mental barriers from both the inside and outside. If Rose kept her concentration up then the risk of this happening would remain negligible. Information trickled into her mind from the powerful intruder in the form of memories. Amazingly enough, they revolved around life at Evergreen Terrace Center which involved chatting with the orderlies and the other doctors as well as being questioned by Doctor Zimmerman. When he began administering drugs, the memories turned darker as the individual in question became extremely isolated and lost her abilities. Doctor Zimmerman showcased her like a trophy to many people including news reporters as well as managers and doctors from other medical facilities. Rose lost her concentration on her shielding when she realized that these memories were of herself in the future. How could they be memories from a time that hadn’t yet occurred? Her control slipped which unintentionally allowed the opening in her mind to expand. The amount of memories quadrupled and she was overwhelmed with information. Desperately, Rose tried to close the opening in her mind but was too weak from the over-stimulation.
She struggled against the intruder but the relentless barrage of memories continued. Terror clawed at Rose’s insides as she imagined her consciousness being seized by this powerful individual. She should never have allowed this but now it was too late. Rose felt her personality changing with the experience of another’s memories. Her mind became more disciplined, colder, and harsher. She had manipulated so many people to change events in her favor. Everything was going according to plan. Soon, she would be unstoppable. Abruptly, Rose identified the intruder as herself.
“Why are you doing this? You are me!” Rose cried out. “How is this even possible?”
“We are united now,” the intruder said. “I am you from the future. You see, in the original timeline, I remained a prisoner in my body until I was almost fifty years old. My multipathic abilities hadn’t awakened until I became a part of the psychic network. I didn’t learn the full extent of my abilities until recently in my final years. I’ve already changed things for the better but things aren’t yet the way they need to be. I’ve been manipulating the CEO at Psi-Tech and got him to include you in their psychic network which plugged you in over thirty years earlier than what originally happened. I also got them to change their policy to include telepaths in their network instead of killing them. It was a discovery I showed them that they wouldn’t have found out until forty years in the future. They had never before considered it possible to link with multipaths or telepaths. I made it all possible. The network has grown to the point that you have healed and become self-aware.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me?” Rose asked.
“You wouldn’t have believed me.”
“Other patients that are linked to our network are getting better. Is that a common side-effect?” Rose asked.
“Yes if they are dormant multipaths then being linked to a psychic network will heal their minds and stabilize their conditions,” the voice said.
Rose felt her consciousness transform completely. She now viewed the world in a much different way – as something that she could manipulate and eventually control. She remembered all the cruelty she suffered at the hands of the medical community but now that she had acquired all the experience of the future memories, she could avoid this. She now possessed the discipline and practice of over one hundred years. Her healing abilities would extend her own life and they were already slowing the aging clock. She had originally lived to be well over one hundred but now she could probably easily surpass two hundred years. Rose reached out with her mind and tapped into the force that flowed all around her. There were several different types of this energy and the one she’d first tapped into required a relaxed, happy frame of mind to connect with. The matrix that she was currently tuned into was different; it required a discipline of mind but no specific emotion. It wasn’t as powerful as the original but offered more choices for controlling the environment around her. This was a rare talent that Rose knew wouldn’t exist in a multipath for many years to come.
The first order of business was to leave this mental institution behind. Fortunately, her future self had already arranged a safe place for her to stay. Her partner, Kevin, would probably be waiting for her there or perhaps he was still working at Psi-Tech undiscovered. Rose sent a powerful stream of psychic energy to distort all of the psychic imprints that inhabited this facility which would prevent any psychometrists from learning any valuable information about her. She couldn’t allow herself to be hunted down just yet. There was still important work for her to do.
The door to her room opened of its own accord as she stepped toward it. Rose walked briskly down the hallway. An orderly came into view which she knocked out using her telepathic power. Rose was one of those multipaths that possessed both telepathy and empathy. She blocked the worst of the shock wave that struck back at her mind but there was still a mild twinge of pain through her body. Rose reached the glass doorway blocking the lobby and opened it telekinetically. She quickly knocked everyone unconscious which lambasted through her mental blockade. Agony smashed through her skull and she clutched her head in both hands. The backlash of using her telepathic ability on four people in the lobby was too much. Blood trickled down her nose and she realized she should have used telekinesis on them even though it would have taken longer. 
Rose stumbled weakly to the front door and stepped outside. She focused on streaming healing energy into her body and directed the majority of it at her aching skull. After several long moments, the pain subsided. Rose strode over to a black sedan and felt out the electronic signature of the locking mechanism. Soon, she had the anti-theft alarm deactivated and the door opened. 
Rose slipped in behind the wheel with a smirk of satisfaction. The world was hers for the taking.

Chapter 18
Jeremy and Kate stood vigil over Emily as they waited for some sign of improvement. Jeremy had fully expected his sister to awaken from her coma by the time he’d returned from his trip to California but he sensed the peculiar energy encasing her mind was almost as strong as when he’d left. Julie was trying to figure out a way to get them into Evergreen Terrace Center but it had been a couple of hours since his return and he wondered if she’d be successful.
“I just don’t understand what’s happening,” Jeremy said.
“I wish I knew. She should be awake by now. The future has changed for some reason,” Kate said fretfully.
Jeremy sat down on a chair next to the bed and focused on the malignant energy that caged Emily’s mind. Perhaps if he tried hard enough and long enough, he could tune into it and learn to manipulate it. Even after an extended period of time, Jeremy still found the mental prison to be elusive to his efforts to eradicate it. The temperature in the room plummeted as he worked even harder and tapped into the powerful potential of his psychic abilities. When his continued efforts proved useless, he tried contacting Emily directly. A tingle of warning flickered in the back of his mind as he connected with his sister.
“Jeremy, you have to help me! I’m dying!” Emily cried out.
“I’m going to wake you up. We can break out of here together,” Jeremy said.
“No, it won’t work. If you stay here with me, you’ll become trapped here, too. You have to leave now! Break through from the outside!” Emily said quickly in warning.
Jeremy reluctantly pulled back and found himself being held back by the imprisonment. Alarm rushed through him and he swiftly pushed harder. He wasn’t completely stuck yet but realized he soon would be. The malignant energy pulsed chaotically around him and disoriented his mind as he struggled to return to his own body. Abruptly, Jeremy awakened and found himself lying on the floor facing the ceiling. Kate and Julie both knelt over him with concerned looks which quickly changed to relief when they realized he wasn’t trapped in a coma.
“I’m okay now. I almost got stuck with Emily,” Jeremy said.
He tried to push himself up into a sitting position but his arms wouldn’t support the weight. He waited several seconds then tried again. His body trembled with exertion as he managed to sit up.
“How long was I out?” Jeremy asked curiously.
“You were lying there for about an hour,” Kate said.
“That long?” Jeremy regarded her with astonishment.
Kate nodded slowly and gnawed on her lower lip with growing concern. “We were afraid to move you. What happened?”
“I connected with Emily’s mind and tried to help her get out of the mental prison she’s in. She immediately warned me that I’d be trapped and even though I pushed my way out, it was a close call,” Jeremy explained.
“What’s happening to her? Why isn’t she awake yet?” Kate asked.
“It’s almost as if the attacker came back and strengthened the barrier at some point,” Jeremy said slowly.
“Do you really think that happened?” Kate asked.
“I think so. I should stand guard over her to make sure the attacker doesn’t return,” Jeremy said.
“I’ve been here for the entire time,” Kate said.
“You’re not a telepath though. You can communicate to people in the network because I drew you in but you won’t be able to sense the attacker,” Jeremy explained.
“The best way to help your sister is to find out what’s going on. I’ll have two telepaths keep watch over her at all times but I think it would be a good idea for you and Lynette to go to the Evergreen Terrace Center,” Julie said. “ Skylar can be one of the ones to watch over Emily while you’re gone.”
Jeremy reluctantly agreed even though he knew he was the strongest one and the most likely to keep any attackers away. Hopefully, he’d return back in time to confront the individual. He intuitively sensed that Kevin wasn’t the one who had done this even though he’d attacked the psychic network earlier.
“What’s our cover for the Evergreen Terrace Center?” Jeremy asked.
“I have fake police badges made for you,” Julie said. She pulled them out of her suit pocket and handed them to him.
“Won’t we get in trouble if we’re caught?” Jeremy asked.
“Don’t get caught,” Julie said.
“You trust Lynette to keep quiet about this?”
“Yes, she’ll be okay with this.”
Jeremy wasn’t sure Lynette would be so accepting of this plan but she surprised him by taking the news easily. He didn’t sense any deception or concern from her. She seemed to feel it was necessary and accepted the need for the deception. The two of them made the trip over to the mental care facility and stepped into the lobby. They flashed their badges to the receptionist who immediately called a doctor by the name of Tom Zimmerman. He had a harried air about him as he burst into the room. Jeremy and Lynette introduced themselves as they briefly displayed their badges.
“We need to ask you a few questions about the patients,” Jeremy said.
“I’ll do what I can but you’ll need to understand that limits of confidentiality may apply,” Doctor Zimmerman said guardedly.
“Have any of the patients been behaving unusually or has there been any trouble lately?” Jeremy asked.
“I already explained what’s happened to you guys when I reported the missing patient,” Zimmerman said with a touch of exasperation.
Jeremy delved into his mind to pull in any stray thoughts that may be useful. The doctor had called the police earlier because a patient had somehow escaped. Everyone in the lobby had somehow been knocked unconscious without any physical damage to their bodies but there had been some drops of blood by the front door. The patient who escaped was named Rose. The surveillance camera had filmed the occurrence but there hadn’t been time to watch the tapes before the police had arrived to collect them.
“I know you already explained this but can you think carefully about Rose and her behavior before the escape?” Jeremy said. “Is there anything you might not have thought of when you talked to the officers who had first arrived on the scene?”
Zimmerman frowned in thought. He hadn’t remembered anything strange about Rose but he could vaguely remember now that two of the orderlies had complained several times about her being creepy. They couldn’t list anything concrete about her but had just said that there had been something disturbing about her as if she may become cognizant at any moment and attack. Zimmerman quickly brushed aside these fleeting thoughts as irrelevant.
“You thought of something important,” Jeremy said. “Rose had disturbed one or more of the orderlies.”
“How did you know that?” Zimmerman said with astonishment.
“Your body language indicated what you were thinking and I took a hypothetical guess,” Jeremy said smoothly. “Can you tell me if they said anything specific about her behavior?”
“No, they didn’t. They couldn’t name any reasons for their feelings.”
“I would like to talk to them,” Jeremy said.
“All right but we’re extremely busy. Can you get by with talking to just one of them?” Zimmerman asked.
“I suppose that will have to do.”
Zimmerman called an orderly by the name of Ken into the room.
“Hi,” he said guardedly.
“These are police officers who are doing follow up questions about Rose’s escape,” Zimmerman said. “I’m not sure why it’s so difficult for them to track down an insane woman who should stick out like a sore thumb in public.”
“It’s just a little bit harder to track down one person among millions than to make sure they don’t escape from a fully staffed mental facility,” Jeremy explained coolly.
Zimmerman’s jaw clenched but he didn’t offer a response.
“Tell me about Rose,” Jeremy ordered.
“She suffers from severe dissociative disorder and autism. We can’t be sure how aware she is of her surroundings because she’s so unresponsive. She just lies down or sits in the same spot that you leave her unless you have her move. She rarely does anything on her own,” Ken said. “She gives me the creeps. It feels like she might just suddenly attack me without warning.”
“Why do you feel that way?” Jeremy asked.
“It’s just a feeling,” Ken said.
“Think carefully. Is there anything else about her behavior that is unusual?” Jeremy asked.
He probed deeply into Ken’s mind and realized there was something strange that shouldn’t be there. An energy imprint that was related to what he’d found in Emily’s mind. It wasn’t exactly the same but oddly similar. Jeremy tried tuning into the energy signature but couldn’t do it. Unfortunately, he didn’t have the time to concentrate for very long. He and Lynnette asked several more questions then left the building.
“You found something, didn’t you?” Jeremy asked as they approached his car.
“Yes, I was touching various objects in the room to get impressions. Rose did something to weaken the psychic imprints. When she sent out the psychic pulse, it left an imprint of her intention behind. She feels threatened by Emily and Nathan and intends on keeping them unconscious until her plans are achieved. She is extremely powerful – stronger than we can imagine. It’s like there’s some sort of energy that is all around us and she can tap into it,” Lynette said.
“That’s disturbing,” Jeremy said. “Do you think we’ll be able to protect Emily and Nathan from further attacks?”
“I don’t know. It doesn’t seem like it’s possible.”
A chill of foreboding crawled down the back of Jeremy’s spine as he wondered if Rose would soon consider him a threat as well. Obviously, Emily and Nathan were the strongest precognitives and their abilities would somehow reveal Rose’s plan before she could complete it. It was imperative that they awaken soon.
“I wonder how much time we have before it’s too late to stop her,” Jeremy said gravely.
 “She’s so strong I’m not sure that it’s possible to stop her even now,” Lynette said.
When they returned to the Phoenix Center, Jeremy took his turn watching over Emily with Skylar. Kate had finally taken a break and was gone. Jeremy fervently wished there was something he could do to help her. For hours, he tried breaching the barrier that ensnared her mind but once again failed to achieve any results. It was after midnight and Jeremy was debating how much longer he should keep vigil before going to bed when he sensed an intruder’s presence. He immediately contacted Julie telepathically so she could round up reinforcements. Jeremy pushed back against the intruder but found the individual so strong that he could only delay the arrival. The attacker approached Emily and energy pulsed around her, strengthening the imprisonment of her mind. Jeremy struck out savagely against the attacker and abruptly realized it was Rose. He had suspected but now her image flashed in his mind and he knew for sure. She obstinately continued working on Emily even as Jeremy continued to push her back. Julie and a large group of telepaths were suddenly there helping him. Rose was forced to halt and unexpectedly and she linked with Jeremy. He sensed her cold anger directed at him as he hadn’t allowed her to finish.
“You’re going to be sorry you did that,” Rose threatened. Her anger changed to surprise. “You’re Jeremy Winters.”
“I’m not going to let you kill my sister.”
“I’m not killing her. She needs to be kept out of the picture for awhile longer. I don’t want complications. Unfortunately, you’re a problem since in the original timeline you were dead. How is this possible?”
“Leave her alone. You have no right to attack her,” Jeremy said menacingly.
“You’re a multipath and you were supposed to die about a week after the electrical storm. I wonder if you’re part of the reason things haven’t gone quite right,” Rose speculated.
Her mind began to wrap itself around Jeremy but he pushed enough to prevent her from gaining a firm grip. He could tell she was trying to trap him in a coma like Emily but suspected she would kill him once he was incapacitated. Rose continued her efforts for awhile longer before abruptly leaving. Fatigue swarmed through Jeremy’s body and he sat down heavily on a chair.
“Are you alright?” Skylar asked.
“I’m just tired and frustrated,” Jeremy said.
“She tried to put you in a coma,” Skylar said.
“Yes, she did,” Jeremy confirmed.
He stayed up late to keep an eye on Emily but finally had to retire to bed. Unfortunately, he woke up with a terrible headache and realized he’d made a mistake. It was late in the morning so he quickly shaved, showered, and changed into a clean pair of jeans and sweatshirt before checking in on his sister whose condition remained the same. Kate and a telepath he didn’t recognize were posted in her room. Jeremy went downstairs for a quick bite to eat and met with Julie to discuss a few important scheduling matters before returning to Emily’s room. He spent all day trying to tune into the entrapment that kept Emily in a coma to no avail. For some reason, it was impossible for him to affect it in any way. He lost track of time and found himself dozing in the chair next to her bed. 
A precognitive vision abruptly replaced a dream. Images of Psi-Tech, Rose, and Kevin flashed through his mind. He saw newspaper articles featuring the expansion of Psi-Tech by the opening of new facilities across the country. An impending sense of doom crashed over him as dark images swirled uncontrollably through his mind faster than he could make sense of. One vision pertained to his sister dying. There was chaos in the United States following a government collapse and anarchy. Jeremy saw Psi-Tech becoming a government entity controlling the states of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. Other disturbing events rushed through too quickly for him to remember. He abruptly awakened to find Skylar and Kate standing over him with anxious expressions on their faces.
“What did you see?” Kate asked.
Jeremy hesitated before telling them what little he could remember.
“I saw the same thing. We have to save Emily,” Kate said.
“How can we do that?” Skylar asked.
“We need to have a meeting with Julie,” Jeremy said.
“She’s not going to come up with any ideas that you couldn’t think of yourself,” Skylar scoffed.
“You might be surprised,” Jeremy said.
He left the room to find Julie who was currently working in her office. She glanced up at him then frowned with concern.
“What’s happened?” she asked.
Jeremy explained the situation and Julie nodded slowly in acknowledgement.
“I’ve been thinking about a plan but I’m not sure I could convince people to follow through with it. I wouldn’t have mentioned it or even tried except for the dire circumstances. I’m sure with what you’ve told me, it would motivate a lot of people to help out,” Julie said.
“What exactly is this plan?” Jeremy asked.
“It involves linking with Emily and helping her to break out of her mind,” Julie said.
“We would risk a high probability of being trapped in comas along with Emily,” Jeremy pointed out.
“Not if we had a large enough group linking together,” Julie said. “I was thinking we could get fifty or so people to go along with it.”
“How could you possibly convince that many people to take such a risk?” Jeremy asked.
“I’m sure you and Skylar will volunteer.”
“Definitely. Now we only need forty-eight more people to join us,” Jeremy said flippantly.
“Trust me. I can do this,” Julie said confidently.
Jeremy was taken aback by her strident tone. She never failed to surprise him with her ability to achieve great things. He never would have expected that their psychic network would grow to over five hundred people. It was so large now that he no longer felt any changes when new members joined which happened constantly throughout the day.
“I’ll get back to you on my progress in the morning,” Julie said.
“Thank you for helping me with this,” Jeremy said gratefully.
“You’re welcome. Now, get some rest,” Julie ordered.
The following morning, Jeremy found his mother and Skylar eating breakfast with Julie and her husband, Ryan. He joined them with a bowl of granola and some orange juice.
“I’ve got terrific news.” Julie smiled at him. “We’ve got eighty-two people who will be ready to link with you and Emily at eight o’clock sharp.”
“How did you do that?” Jeremy asked.
“I have my ways but really it involves a little bit of deception,” Julie admitted. “After I explained the gravity of the situation to each member, I insinuated that I already had fifty people who’d volunteered so that there would be practically no risk. Compared to the precognitive vision you had as well as the ones the other precognitives had in our psychic network, people were very receptive.”
“I’m impressed,” Jeremy said.
He found it difficult to eat breakfast but forced himself to do so. He didn’t want his body weak while he linked with Emily in a couple of hours. When the time finally came for them to act, the four of them gathered in her room. At around eight o’clock, Jeremy’s mind was flooded with telepaths who had volunteered for this assignment. He waited until several minutes after the time because stragglers kept arriving. Finally, Jeremy reached out to his sister’s mind. Unfortunately, he couldn’t ease into it. After spending several moments trying this, he forced his way in. Emily’s mind exploded with pain and Jeremy cringed and telepathically apologized to her. 
Her mind was too deeply embedded within the imprisoning energy to respond to his contact. As a group, they delved deeper into her consciousness. Suddenly, a surge of power burst from her for no apparent reason. Jeremy, Skylar, Kate, and Julie were tossed like rag dolls across the room. An unnatural chill dominated the air as Emily abruptly sat up screaming. Her black eyes stared sightlessly forward as the lights flickered. Jeremy felt the absence of her presence in the psychic network like an aching loss and realized that this was what had killed his sister in his vision. They had somehow torn her loose from their link and triggered multipathic abilities which would block her from reestablishing a connection with them. Multipaths always died within a week from the point that their abilities awakened. Jeremy swallowed a huge lump that swelled in his throat as he berated himself for effectively murdering his sister and subsequently propelling the events that led to the collapse of the U.S. government and anarchy.

Chapter 19
Kevin was still sleeping as Rose finished her breakfast in the large, luxurious two-story house in Redmond. She was certain that even if Sharon figured out that she was working with Kevin, she wouldn’t be able to track this house down. Rose’s future self had arranged the purchase of this property through someone that implicitly trusted her and followed the complicated set of instructions given. Rose had three fake ID’s waiting for her here and one of those was the owner of the house. A pleased smile curved her lips as she reviewed the plans in her mind and silently congratulated herself on a job well done. Very soon, she and Kevin would become very powerful political figures. 
Unfortunately, Rose hadn’t heard from her future self as planned which meant that the outcome of events may not go as she had anticipated. She stepped in her bare feet in the backyard. A myriad of fruit trees and evergreens spread around her and offered privacy from neighbors. Rose strolled to the large slab of quartz crystal embedded in the ground facing the small pond. She sat down on the quartz platform and activated her very unique talent to communicate with herself during different time periods. It had some severe limits but gave her a huge advantage over her enemies. One of the strange quirks of her ability was that it was far easier to communicate with herself the greater the distance in the timeline. Rose frowned with puzzlement as she went as far toward the end of her life as possible. She would simply touch base with her oldest self and download the memories she’d accumulated which would provide her with more than two hundred years of additional information, practice, and memories. It was strange that she was having trouble making contact. It should have been easy because of the vast distance of time. Rose finally received a response and stilled at the unfamiliarity of the mind she met with.
“You shouldn’t be doing this,” her future self said.
“What do you mean? I need to know how our new plans will shape up.”
“Things aren’t going to go as you predicted but everything will turn out for the best.”
“You feel very different,” Rose commented.
“The years have changed me. You should go now.”
“No. We must link our memories together so I know what happens.”
“All right,” her future self said reluctantly.
Rose eagerly established the memory link and hurriedly pulled at the information, embracing it into herself before her future self could change her mind. She quickly realized that events were indeed drastically different as was her character and mind. Rose had somehow become weaker and this weakness threatened to contaminate her present self. She tried to block the link but the memories continued to flow as her future self kept it open. Fury raged through Rose as she collected herself and roughly broke the upload. 
“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” Rose demanded. “You’ve become weak and you’re dragging me down with you. Don’t you realize that if you give me your memories that you’ll ruin my ability to correct what’s happened while you’re in your current state?”
“Things have changed. You don’t need to do the terrible things you’re about to do. I want things to be different,” her future self said passionately.
“I don’t care what you want!” Rose screamed furiously. “What’s happened to you?”
“No matter how much you change things and no matter how many new goals you meet, you’ll never be happy. When you get to be older, you’ll wish you hadn’t carried through with your plans.”
“You’re wrong.” Rose seethed at the lack of cooperation she received. An idea suddenly struck. “Someone from Phoenix Enterprises is going to figure out what I’m doing. Tell me who is the key.”
“I’m not going to tell you anything.”
“I knew Phoenix Enterprises was a threat. That company is completely out of my control and Jeremy keeps ruining my plans,” Rose said. “I’m going to have to kill him.”
“No, you mustn’t do that! You’re going to murder so many people and cause so many deaths, it’s going to eat at you later when you’re different.”
Rose felt the memory link reestablish but quickly severed communication with her older self. She breathed deeply as she opened her eyes and disgust flowed through her. She couldn’t believe how weak she’d become. Somehow, she had been thwarted and thrown in prison. Her future self had been racked with guilt and anguish. She needed to discover what had gone wrong. The last two times she’d downloaded memories from herself, Emily had died and for different reasons each time. Unfortunately, Jeremy had gone berserk in both instances and joined forces with Psi-Tech to track her down. He needed to die. A name flitted through her mind and she remembered that it was someone from a memory she’d downloaded from her future self. A woman named Alexa O’Malley. She would become a powerful empathic healer if she wasn’t already one. She had visited the prison that Rose had been staying at and used her ability to weaken Rose’s mind and taint her with flawed reasoning which would fundamentally change her. Empathic healers were an uncommon breed of psychic but there were still plenty of them. Rose itched to find out more information but unfortunately the limits of her ability required that she wait until the end of the day before she tried to contact herself again. Next time, she’d go only fifty years into the future before she became imprisoned. That should be safe enough. The main key element that consistently ruined her plans always pointed to Jeremy. He was always instrumental in her capture so he had to be killed.

Chapter 20
Emily had been sitting in her bed staring sightlessly into the distance with disturbing black eyes for several moments now. Jeremy, Skylar, Kate, and Julie had managed to pick themselves up off the floor at this point and were keeping a safe distance from her. Jeremy felt her absence in the psychic network like an ache in the back of his mind. It made it difficult for him to think coherently as guilt and regret consumed him.
“Jeremy, she’s stuck in a precognitive vision,” Julie said. “She’s no longer trapped in a coma. You need to focus.”
“All right,” he said.
Kate patted her son on the shoulder and he smiled reassuringly at her before fixing his gaze on his younger sister. 
“Can you do anything for her?” Julie asked.
Jeremy gently probed the edges of Emily’s consciousness which was now free of the imprisoning energy. Relief rushed through him when he detected the faint connection of the psychic network which was barely existent. As long as this link remained, her survival was still possible. He could sense a lot of damage which must have resulted in their combined efforts to release her from the coma. Somehow, it had awakened her multipathic potential which he hadn’t been aware of. Jeremy focused on the connection and carefully worked on strengthening it. When he finished, he gently retreated from her to be sure he didn’t unintentionally wreck his work. He would need to check on the link several times a day to make sure it didn’t fray and break. Emily suddenly took a deep, shuddery breath and her pupils shrank back to normal size as she turned to face him.
“Thank you for saving me,” she said weakly. Her gaze swept over the rest of them. “I appreciate everything that you all did.”
“You’re a multipath now,” Jeremy said.
“Is that why it’s so cold in here? I thought it was you.” Emily smiled teasingly at him.
“In this case, it’s just you,” Jeremy said.
“I never thought I could become a multipath but the potential is said to be genetic and is often triggered by massive trauma,” Emily said thoughtfully.
“You just had a powerful precognitive vision,” Julie interjected. “What did you see?”
“Terrible things that don’t make any sense.”
“Tell us what you can remember,” Julie said gently.
“There are going to be many assassinations on the government by multipaths. No one will be able to figure out how to stop them or figure out who is doing it until years later. There’s a strong possibility that it will be too late by then because of instability and fear. The government will break itself up and sign over power to clusters. Psi-Tech will be put in charge over key territories. We’ll be in one section and Rose will be appointed a leader at some point. Everything is shifting so much that it’s hard to tell what will happen for sure. That’s the most likely outcome but eventually Rose will be found out and imprisoned but not until after many years of turmoil. Rose keeps seeing what will happen and changes major events so it’s difficult to see details. Also, there are many precognitives who see what is happening and are doing things in their own lives to protect themselves which is in turn affecting the major outcome.”
“What could other precognitives do to affect the major outcome if they’re only focused on their own lives?” Julie asked with a puzzled frown.
“I can’t see specific events, I just know that if a precognitive has a friend who is in danger due to something Rose does because she views them as a threat or just because they will be collateral damage, that causes a ripple effect when they act to prevent it,” Emily said.
“That makes sense. Is there any way you can hone in on specific events that are important in the near future that can helps us capture Rose?” Julie asked.
“I’m definitely going to try,” Emily said. “But right now, I’m exhausted.”
“Of course. You’ve been through a lot. Whenever you’re ready, you can get started. Until then, just recuperate,” Julie said reassuringly. “Let me know if you need anything.”
She left the room and Kate rushed over to give her daughter a warm, effusive hug.
“I’m so grateful you’re better now,” Kate gushed.
“Thanks, Mom,” Emily said.
Jeremy was so relieved to see his sister all right that he couldn’t bring himself to retire for the evening until late into the night. The next morning, he had the typical operational meeting with Julie and Ryan in the main conference room. Both of them looked grave and tense as though expecting problems. Jeremy braced himself for the bad news as Julie prepared to start their meeting.
“I wanted to start by bringing to your attention that there is a general fear and distrust of telepaths and multipaths because of the strength of their secondary abilities and of course the privacy issues,” Julie advised. “There is legislation currently being proposed in the government to monitor and control all telepaths including multipaths. Very soon, new laws will be passed that require them to register their abilities.”
“I hadn’t realized this was going on,” Jeremy said. “To be honest, I hadn’t been watching the news. This could be related to what happens with Psi-Tech.”
“That’s what Ryan and I were thinking. This could be the first step in giving Psi-Tech governmental authority. I could see the possibility of Psi-Tech being assigned as a monitoring agency for telepaths and multipaths. They already have connections to our government and are probably applying pressure behind the scenes for this kind of power,” Julie said gravely.
“Is there anything we can do to stop this?” Jeremy asked.
“You have a couple of friends in the government,” Julie pointed out.
“Yes but nothing close to the clout that Psi-Tech must have.”
“Ryan and I are going to start setting up appointments to meet with government officials. It would help if you could put in a good word for us.”
“Sure, I can do that. I’ll talk to Senator Philips and Senator Ayars who I can probably convince to meet with you,” Jeremy said.
“Is there anyone else you have ties with?” Julie asked.
“I’m sorry but those are the only two.”
“It’ll have to do,” Julie said decisively. “I also wanted to discuss the matter of protection from psychic attack. I noticed that during those times when our minds are grouped together, the attacks against us seemed weaker. I think that this is because it gives us a kind of protection and I have an idea on how to use this to our advantage. I’m going to assign each member of our core network four individuals to call if they need immediate assistance. By doing this, our entire network can temporary group together which should offer very powerful protection when needed.”
“Are you sure we would be able to group our minds together quickly enough to fend off any attackers?” Jeremy asked.
“Yes, because every member would have four members that they contact. I believe I could get two hundred members of our network to volunteer for this. I calculate that it would take less than thirty seconds to initiate this protection when needed. I suspect I can get more than two hundred individuals to sign up for this.”
“You realize this is just a theory and that it may not really offer any protection against psychic attacks, don’t you?”
“My intuition tells me that this will afford us very powerful shielding,” Julie said authoritatively.
She discussed several minor issues then dismissed the meeting. Jeremy returned to his office and was surprised to find it was rather easy to convince both senators that he knew to meet with Julie. After he informed her of the good news, he checked on Emily who was in her room resting. Her complexion was pallid and her shoulders slouched with fatigue. Jeremy sensed her connection to the psychic network had weakened so he quickly but carefully strengthened it again.
“Are you going to be okay?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I haven’t been able to use my abilities,” Emily said. “I suppose I’m kind of burned out.”
“Be careful and try not to use them at all until your link to the network is stronger,” Jeremy cautioned.
“I’ll do my best but my precognition is second nature to me. Trying not to use it is like trying not to breathe,” Emily said.
Jeremy frowned at her with concern but didn’t argue. His sister was strong willed and he realized that pressing the issue would just make her defiant. He’d just have to keep a close eye on her to make sure she stayed connected. He harbored serious doubts about Julie’s idea to group together a large conglomerate of telepaths for protection. It simply didn’t seem possible to do something like that in less than a minute. However, Julie continued to surprise him with her resourcefulness so he’d just wait and see.
“You know how to reach me if you need me.” Jeremy smiled teasingly at his sister as he tapped his head with his finger. “I’m just a thought away.”
Emily snorted with mirth and made a shooing motion. Jeremy chuckled and left the room. When he reached his office, he signed into the phone system to help with answering calls but business had dropped to the point that he only received a call every five minutes or so. Most of the telepaths and multipaths who were in jeopardy of losing their lives must have already joined one psychic network or another by now. Julie predicted their business would steadily decline until it reached a plateau. For now, there was more demand for psychic consulting than their ability to fulfill but that may change over time. The most popular use for contractors were the powerful precognitives in advising people on the safety of investments but a close second was investigative work using psychometrists. There were numerous psychometrists who weren’t employed at Psi-Tech or Phoenix Enterprises that could probably do the work but telepaths who were linked in a psychic network possessed much stronger talents than those whose primary ability was psychometry. It was no wonder that the public’s attention was becoming more focused on telepaths and multipaths.
Jeremy gasped as dizziness and disorientation slammed into him like a physical force. He slipped from his chair and collapsed to the floor as impressions flooded through his mind. When the strange and disturbing feeling passed, he slowly picked himself up off the floor and tentatively reached into the network which had more than quadrupled in size. He carefully eased himself into his office chair as he continued to probe at the psychic network that had transformed to accommodate the rapid growth. Normally, when new members joined the link there was no change felt by individuals but this had been such a drastic change that he knew everyone had felt it.
“Jeremy, what the hell just happened?” Julie said sharply.
“The network has grown by over 4 times its original size,” Jeremy said.
“How is that possible?”
“I’m not sure.”
Jeremy was struck with an awful thought and he quickly stifled his reaction so it wouldn’t telepathically transmit to anyone else. He felt his sister reaching for him but he was too busy tracing the psychic network to respond. He merely sent a reassuring thought to her before focusing his attention on the task at hand. Julie and Skylar both tried to communicate but he blocked it. He wanted to confirm his suspicions before he voiced his concerns. He swallowed anxiously as he found the evidence to verify his theory.
“I know what happened,” Jeremy telepathically broadcasted to Julie, Emily and Skylar. “Our network expanded so quickly because someone who recently paid us to link with our psychic network at Phoenix Enterprises just connected with the Psi-Tech network which has already joined six other networks.”
“Are you sure?” Julie asked.
“Yes, I just confirmed it. There was a strain on our network because the structure was changed to accommodate the new links,” Jeremy said.
“That’s just terrific,” Skylar said dourly. “So now Psi-Tech has direct access to our minds.”
“They can attack us at any moment,” Julie said. “I’m going to have to work on my protection plan more quickly than I thought or we’re going to be vulnerable. The question is whether Psi-Tech sought out a member of our network intentionally or if this was some sort of plan that an individual had to increase their psychic potential.”
“If it’s part of a plan that Psi-Tech concocted then we might find ourselves under attack very quickly,” Emily said.

Chapter 21
Rose and Kevin sat cross-legged in front of the pond in the backyard deep in meditation. A deep stillness permeated their surroundings and an unnatural cold dominated the air. They both abruptly awakened at the same time to reveal black eyes. Powerful psychic energy pulsed wildly between them as they regarded each other dispassionately.
“Did it work this time?” Rose asked coolly.
“Yes, I shared your memories,” Kevin said.
Over seventy years of her future self’s memories flooded his mind and reshaped his personality. Rose already possessed over one hundred years of practice suppressing her emotions and maintaining a link with the mysterious force that flowed everywhere. Several days ago, she’d achieved the ability to stay connected to this power at all times. Her future self had come up with the idea of trying to share the memory download with Kevin with the hope that he might learn to utilize this ability as well.
“Try to connect with the power,” Rose instructed.
Kevin slowly rose to his feet and opened his awareness to the mysterious force. He had practiced this ability before without success but this time, he could feel it pulsing around him.
“It’s working.” A hint of a smile curved his lips.
“Excellent,” Rose said. “We can begin killing off the senators then.”
“You don’t think we should get rid of Jeremy and destroy Phoenix Enterprises first?” Kevin asked.
“No, they’ll be a distraction for Psi-Tech. Once George Hendricks figures out that he’s being manipulated, he’ll realize what I’ve done. After the government is attacked by mysterious psychics, they’ll immediately turn on telepaths and multipaths. All of the companies like Psi-Tech and Phoenix Enterprises will stick out like sore thumbs. No matter what type of legislation the government passes, they won’t be able to track us down and their fear will grow. There will be a war waged against telepaths and multipaths,” Rose said.
“Jeremy always catches us in every future you create,” Kevin pointed out.
“That’s why I sent that letter to George Hendricks, warning him that Phoenix Enterprises will cause his company to become bankrupt in ten years and that Jeremy is the key to Phoenix Enterprises becoming the most powerful company in the world,” Rose said. “If Jeremy survives whatever attack Psi-Tech comes up with, he’ll be too distracted to figure out what’s going on.”
“That is a great idea,” Kevin said.
“Now that you share my ability to connect with the power, you should be strong enough to kill targets without the need to travel. That should make us even more difficult to track,” Rose said. “Let go inside. We have a few senators to put down.”
They made their way to the living room and Rose grabbed a folder from the large entertainment center. She and Kevin sank into the plush cushions of the gray sofa facing the large-screen television. Rose pulled out a newspaper clipping of a middle-aged man impeccably dressed in a blue suit smiling at the camera man. It was Senator Karl O’Malley and the picture had been taken several months ago. Kevin had the ability to remote-view his targets with a photo the majority of the time. Rose hoped that with his new ability he would have the strength to utilize his healing talent to launch a long-distance attack.
Kevin accepted the picture and closed his eyes to concentrate. Rose linked with him telepathically so she could observe the results of this experiment. Kevin’s connection with the force allowed him to easily find Karl who was in the middle of a business meeting with a room full of influential businessmen. Kevin focused his mind with the deadliest intent, directing a stream of malevolent dissonant energy at Karl’s chest. The senator gasped painfully and immediately clutched his chest. His skin turned pallid and he fell to the floor in an untidy heap as he struggled to breathe. The room was thrust into chaos. Two of the nearby men tried to help Karl but it was too late. Kevin could feel the senator’s life draining from his body. Giddiness thrummed through Kevin over his accomplishment and he jerked back into his own body, reeling from the shock of the sudden disconcerting return trip. His black eyes snapped open and he lost his connection to the force.
“Congratulations,” Rose said coolly.
“I lost it,” Kevin said. The absence of the connection left an aching maw inside his soul. He longed for its return. He had to have it. Kevin reached out with his mind but the power eluded him.
“Don’t worry. You’ll learn to keep the connection strong. The main thing you’ll need to do is suppress your emotions. You can only feel the tiniest sliver of emotion or you risk losing it for a time,” Rose said. “But there’s nothing to worry about because it will return.”
“I want it now,” Kevin whispered as the horrible, aching emptiness threatened to overwhelm him.
“I know how you feel. When you download memories with me tomorrow, you’ll gain the experience of an additional seventy years,” Rose said.
She reluctantly took the picture of Senator O’Malley from Kevin’s hand and put the folder of news clippings away. Unfortunately, Kevin wouldn’t gain control of the force long enough to perform any more long-distance attacks for quite some time. He might be ready this evening but it was more likely that they would have to wait for tomorrow. Rose didn’t mind as she’d mastered her patience and emotional control over centuries of practice. Downloading her future memories had already given her generations of experience and would provide generations more.

Chapter 22
Emily awakened abruptly from a precognitive nightmare in her chilly living quarters screaming with terror. She turned the lights on with a mere thought and shivered in the cold that she had generated with the use of her abilities. Panic clawed at her insides and she knew she was broadcasting an unspeakable horror through the psychic network to those who cared about her and perhaps those who were mere strangers. She stumbled out of bed and heard the door pound loudly as she sensed her brother’s presence.
“Come in!” Emily called as she reached out with her mind to unlock the door and open it.
“Are you all right?” Jeremy burst into the room and took a close look at her.
“It was my precognition. I had a nightmare,” Emily said.
“You scared the hell out of me,” Jeremy said.
“I’m sorry. It’s beyond my control.”
“I know. I don’t blame you. I’m just worried.”
“Don’t be. You’re the one in danger,” Emily said.
“What do you mean?” Jeremy regarded her warily.
“We need to discuss this with Julie. Actually, Sharon is going to be stopping by in a couple of hours as well,” Emily said.
“Sharon from Psi-Tech?”
“Yes.” Emily was resigned for a long, turbulent morning. “I’m going to take a quick shower. Can you let Julie know we’ll need to have a meeting?”
“She already knows. You woke her up with your nightmare,” Jeremy said. “She asked me what’s going on and I’ve just told her.”
“Great! I’m hitting the shower then I’m getting some coffee. We can talk downstairs,” Emily said.
Jeremy looked ready to argue as he was one to face problems head on but he also knew Emily was headstrong and once she decided on a course of action, it was best to just give in. Emily smiled faintly at his back as he left and closed the door behind him. She mulled over the precognitive visions that she’d dreamed about as she showered and put on a fresh pair of jeans and a blue polo shirt. When she made it downstairs, Julie, Ryan, and Jeremy were waiting for her with mugs of coffee sitting in front of them. Jeremy had prepared one for her with cream and sugar just the way he knew she liked it.
“Thanks,” Emily murmured appreciatively.
“Talk,” Jeremy said with a hint of reprisal.
“Sharon will be paying us a surprise visit soon. She has found out some information about Rose. Apparently she’s been pulling the strings at Psi-Tech in a pretty big way and they’ve just found out. Rose has been writing letters anonymously to the CEO of Psi-Tech, George Hendricks, just like she’s been doing with Psychic Parallels and about a dozen other companies. She’s developed a rapport and trust from those she’s contacted over the years. One of her biggest threats is Phoenix Enterprises and specifically Jeremy. She has an ability to predict the future by downloading her memories from her own mind that exists in the future. She is essentially able to absorb it all as if she had lived it. She has an unusual ability that has never been recorded in any future I’ve foreseen. It’s an ability to tap into one of the fields that is discovered around the planet. One of the fields has been theorized about in the scientific community but isn’t understood very well. It’s called a morphogenetic field. It is discovered how to actually measure this energy field in the future but as far as I know, Rose is the only one who’s ever been able to psychically tap into it.”
“I’ve heard of that,” Julie said musingly. “It was one of the theories used to explain the hundredth monkey effect.” When everyone looked at her as if she’d sprouted a second head, she hastened to explain the scientific principle. “Some monkeys on an island discovered by Lyall Watson learned to wash sweet potatoes and this behavior was observed and repeated by other monkeys on the island. When about a hundred monkeys had learned this behavior, it spread rapidly through the entire population and somehow the behavior was learned on other islands completely separated by the original one.”
“Interesting,” Jeremy remarked. “So then scientists tried to explain how this happened and came up with a theory of a morphogenetic field?”
“Yes and they tested the theory with other animals but could never measure or detect actual morphogenetic fields until far into the future,” Emily interjected. “Apparently, Rose can tap into this energy and it greatly enhances her psychic abilities. She has been downloading her memories from the future just about every single day so she has literally hundreds of years of memories and practice controlling her abilities. I’m not sure we can stop her if she decided to attack us directly which will probably happen at some point in the near future. Fortunately for us, she likes to pull the strings rather than to confront people directly.”
“So what is she going to do to attack us?” Julie asked.
“She’s already sent letters out to the companies she has helped to start, warning them that Phoenix Enterprises is corrupt and evil. She’s instructed them to attack this facility as soon as possible and cripple us before we can take over,” Emily said.
“So at any moment, we’re going to be attacked by a bunch of telepaths and multipaths from other companies?” Jeremy said sharply.
“No because Rose failed to predict that through her manipulations, she’s made us stronger than the original timeline. The companies all have psychometrists who can detect her true intent even if they can’t pick up where she lives or all the details of her abilities,” Emily said.
“So when you and Nathan were put into comas, did she see you as a personal threat?” Julie asked.
“Yes, because we’re able to tap into events in the future that she has manipulated. She wanted to buy herself some more time.” Emily paused and took a deep breath. “George Hendricks received one of the letters Rose sent that was warning them to take action against us. He had a couple of his psychometrists read the energy from the letter and confirmed what he’s suspected, that he was being manipulated even as he had benefited greatly from Rose’s financial predictions in the past.”
“So why is Sharon coming here?” Jeremy asked.
“George has sent Sharon here to get us to form a temporary alliance to share all information regarding Rose so that Psi-Tech can hunt her down and neutralize her as a threat.”
“Doesn’t Rose cause Psi-Tech to become extremely powerful in the future?” Jeremy asked.
“Yes, she does but at first they will be weakened as our government is destabilized via psychic assassinations. The government will retaliate against all telepaths and multipaths. It isn’t until the government steps down that Psi-Tech gains political power which is years in the future. At that time, all executives at Psi-Tech will be killed and Rose will take over,” Emily said.
“Why would anyone let her do that? Wouldn’t they just arrest her?” Jeremy asked.
“At first, they’ll try but she’s too powerful. There will be an underground movement that will live in secret and strategize for many years on how to stop her. You will be that leader and will eventually capture her.”
“It sounds like she’s already too powerful,” Jeremy said dourly.
Kate and Skylar burst into the room with concerned expressions on their faces. Julie shot them disapproving looks.
“I thought I told you we needed the time to discuss details before Sharon arrived,” she said authoritatively.
“We gave you a lot of time but we need to know what’s going on,” Kate said nervously. “It was such a terrible feeling that I sensed from Emily. I couldn’t wait forever.”
“I would have briefed you after we’d spoken with Sharon,” Julie said. “However, if you want to sit in, you’re welcome to, as long as you refrain from asking questions.”
Emily tamped down on a surge of irritation at Julie’s scolding. She couldn’t blame her mother and her friend for their concern and didn’t appreciate the rebukes they’d received. She quickly informed them of what they’d missed in spite of Julie’s growing impatience.
“Do you remember the formula that was used to neutralize Rose’s psychic abilities?” Julie asked.
“I’m afraid I don’t. It was the first thing that I tried to recall when I woke up but since I don’t have a medical background, that information was lost immediately as the terms are completely unfamiliar to me,” Emily said regretfully.
“I would like you to try and see this event in the future and to determine the exact formula used to create this drug,” Julie said.
“I’ll definitely try but I haven’t been able to foresee the details for that far into the future since the electrical storms occurred. There are too many precognitives that are changing the future – not to mention Rose herself,” Emily said.
“I understand that. Can you remember any other important details about your vision?”
“Unfortunately, Rose has an ally who has joined with her. He used to work at Psi-Tech but I think he was secretly working for Rose all along. His name is Kevin and he will at some point in time gain the same ability to tap into the morphogenic-like field as Rose,” Emily said gravely. She took a large gulp of her coffee and gathered her thoughts. “There are other details I can’t recall right now. Dreams are difficult for me to remember.”
“I’ve made good progress in my plan to offer psychic protection. There are fifty-three people who have agreed to join so far. This will be important to ward off any attacks by Rose or Kevin or even Psi-Tech,” Julie said.
“How soon do you think you’ll have that plan ready?” Skylar asked.
“By this afternoon,” Julie replied. She stilled with her mug of coffee poised close to her mouth. She grimaced and set the cup down. “Sharon has arrived. She’s waiting for us in the lobby. I’ve informed the receptionist to escort her into the main conference room.”
“I’m not looking forward to seeing her,” Emily said.
“You don’t have to attend the meeting,” Julie said, “but I’d appreciate it if you would join us there.”
“Of course, I’ll go. This is important,” Emily said.
Jeremy, Emily, Julie, and Ryan made their way to the conference room where Sharon was waiting.
“Hi, Sharon.” Julie leveled a stoic expression at her. “What brings you here today?”
“Some disturbing information has come to light at Psi-Tech and I wish to relay recent events and discoveries in the hopes that you will cooperate by in turn telling me what you know,” Sharon said succinctly. 
“I’m willing to listen,” Julie said.
“There is a former patient from Evergreen Terrace Center, named Rose, who suffered from a severe dissociative state. The condition made her barely aware of her surroundings. It has come to my attention recently that in the future, Rose will become part of a psychic network which will cure her condition and cause her to become self-aware. One of her abilities is to transfer memories from her future self and also to control her body in the past before she became cognizant. Her future self was power hungry and wanted to get an earlier start so she altered the past by taking temporary control of her body and writing letters to various individuals anonymously over a period of years. She has been helping some people to acquire wealth by accurately forecasting economic events. She has helped many individual businesses to start and gave these owners a list of those telepaths and multipaths who would die if they didn’t join a psychic network.
“By doing this, Rose saved many lives but she also gave people the knowledge to create a psychic network many years earlier. This has drastically altered our present and future. George Hendricks, the CEO of Psi-Tech, is one of the individuals that Rose has guided over the years. Rose knew that he wouldn’t be perceptive for her idea of creating a psychic network because Psi-Tech has always seen telepaths as a threat but recently, she convinced him of the ability to create a psychic network for empaths that could include multipaths and telepaths. This changed the mandate for Psi-Tech to seek out and enlist telepaths to join us as they are no longer a liability but instead, an asset,” Sharon said.
“It’s a shame that you guys couldn’t have figured that out before killing so many of them,” Emily said frostily.
“Let’s try to get past that. It’s a regrettable policy that Psi-Tech had adopted but that’s all water under the bridge now,” Sharon said emphatically. “One of the multipaths that Rose decided to save and enlist as an ally was Kevin. She had been secretly writing to him for years and realized his potential. We discovered Kevin’s duplicity shortly after his unauthorized attack on this facility but he escaped. No doubt, he’s joined with Rose who has recently been cured from her condition and escaped from the mental institution.”
Emily seethed at the casual way that Sharon wanted to ignore the atrocities that Psi-Tech had committed in the past including the deaths of innocents who would become telepaths as well as her own imprisonment. It took extreme effort for her to keep silent.
“We know about Rose and Kevin,” Julie said smoothly. She quickly briefed Sharon on what they knew. “So how did you learn about Rose’s manipulations?”
“George began to sense something wrong and when he received the latest anonymous letter from her telling him that Phoenix Enterprises had to be destroyed and that Jeremy Winters must be killed, he became suspicious. George had two of his strongest psychometrists work on the letter. They were able to pick up all this information that I have just told you. Apparently, Rose didn’t realize that she would leave enough psychic residue to expose herself,” Sharon said.
“But you have no idea where Rose is living now?” 
“I’m afraid not but we do know that it is somewhere nearby. She and Kevin are definitely hiding out here in Washington – possibly near the Seattle area. I was hoping you might have some information that would help us track them down.”
Julie slowly shook her head. “At the moment, we don’t have any further information but that could change and when we do know more, we’ll contact you immediately.”
“Excellent.” Sharon opened the manila folder in front of her which no one had noticed until this precise moment. “I brought the latest letter that Rose sent. Maybe you could have a psychometrist read this.”
“I’ll have them work on this as soon as possible,” Julie said. “I’ll call you with any additional information. We can keep this letter?”
“Yes, you may,” Sharon said slowly as she rose from her chair. Obviously, she was reluctant to give up the letter. “One thing Rose seems to be obsessed about is Jeremy Winters. Whenever Rose tries to alter the future, he always manages to survive and goes into hiding as she comes into power. She’ll become a powerful political figure but eventually, Jeremy will lead a group of people who will neutralize her abilities and prove her illegal activities to authorities. This leads me to believe that Jeremy may be at risk so you should be extremely careful. I’ll expect to hear from you soon with more information.”
“Of course. And thank you for sharing your discoveries with us,” Julie said smoothly.
A security guard appeared at the door because Julie had telepathically sent for one. He escorted Sharon out of the room.
“I don’t trust her,” Emily said heatedly.
“I don’t either but she was telling us the truth,” Julie said. “She intentionally left her thoughts unshielded so that we would be able to realize she was being completely honest with us. It definitely helps us that Psi-Tech is trying to hunt down Rose and Kevin because we don’t have the resources to do so. For this particular venture, we will cooperate fully with Sharon.”
“I agree,” Jeremy said. “They have more experience as well as the resources to stop those two and we can’t risk psychics with those types of abilities running loose.”
“The only concern I have is that Psi-Tech may keep Rose and Kevin prisoners in their own facility and keep it hidden from authorities. They may experiment and try to figure out how to duplicate their talents,” Emily said.
“I don’t think Psi-Tech will risk keeping them prisoner now that they’re in the public spotlight; however, we can address that issue if it arises,” Julie said.
“We may not be able to do anything once they have Rose and Kevin,” Emily argued.
“Those two are so powerful, Psi-Tech will most likely be forced to kill them rather than imprison them. I don’t think that will be a problem. And now that Psi-Tech is the one tracking them down, Jeremy won’t be as much of a target anymore,” Julie said.
Emily decided to let the issue drop even though she completely disagreed. Unfortunately, she couldn’t think of any alternatives. Phoenix Enterprises didn’t really have the resources to stop Rose and Kevin so it was best to let someone else handle the problem even if it was Psi-Tech.

Chapter 23
Emily concentrated on the images that flashed through her mind as she tried to hone in on major events that would involve Rose. Unfortunately, the future was changing too rapidly and she only saw swift, fading scenes with most of the details blocked out by gray. She currently sat alone in her office that she shared with her brother but she wasn’t sure when he would return. A pressure built in her forehead as she focused harder on seeing what she needed to. She’d already worked on this for quite some time. Loose objects throughout the room shifted as she unintentionally radiated telekinetic waves. She’d already knocked a stack of Jeremy’s papers onto the floor along with some of her own, some pens, and the wall clock. 
Rose’s face snapped into place and a sense of impending doom struck Emily hard. Rose had a cold, deadly look on her face as she stalked forward into the Center of Phoenix Enterprises. The receptionist was tossed backwards by an unseen force and smashed violently into the wall. Someone else whose features were blurred burst into flames. He screamed shrilly and then the details were lost as too many changes occurred. The scene was now dominated by blurred, grayed, indistinct shapes that shifted quickly from second to second as Rose continued to stalk deeper into the building. Emily lost the vision completely and had to focus on getting something tangible. Bile rose in the back of her throat at the horror she’d witnessed even as she struggled to bring in something useful. 
Emily tried to get a sense of timing for the attack and determined it would occur sometime within the next week. She couldn’t come up with a more precise time so she tried focusing on Rose and important events revolving around her. Unfortunately, this proved to be just as difficult as before. After awhile, she sensed a more clear moment in time and locked in on it. A scene abruptly snapped into focus of Rose sitting behind a wall with a window in prison garb. She wore a drab, prisoner uniform and had a haunted look in her eyes. Emily could sense that Rose was very elderly even though she only looked to be middle-aged. Jeremy sat on the other side of the window and frowned at her with suspicion as he reached over to pick up the phone so he could speak with her. Emily instinctively sensed that this point in time was over one hundred years in the future.
“How did you call me? I thought your abilities were neutralized,” Jeremy said in a cold, flat tone.
“The drugs don’t completely negate my psychic abilities. They only suppress them. Can’t you sense me in the psychic network? I’m still there,” Rose said sadly.
“Yes, I sense you there. You’re an abomination and a cold-blooded killer.”
“I was,” Rose said.
“I don’t believe your mind was cured.”
“I have a conscience now. I would never hurt anyone like I did before. You have to believe me,” she said passionately.
“You’re certainly different but I have a hard time believing you will ever truly be a changed person. Your powers are too great to ever risk releasing you,” Jeremy said emphatically.
“I can save your sister,” Rose said.
“You’re the one who murdered her!” Jeremy snapped.
Rose squeezed her eyes shut then opened them to reveal impossibly large pupils that had completely swallowed all color. “I could have broken out of here a couple of weeks ago. I need to change who I was in the past so I can prevent all those deaths I caused.”
“I don’t believe you.” Jeremy eyed her warily.
“You can feel my power. You know I could have escaped this place but I chose to remain here. Help me.” Rose’s imploring gaze bore into his.
Jeremy unexpectedly slumped forward then fell to the floor as he passed out. Blood dribbled from his nose and ears. Blood-curdling screams and shouts of panic erupted as everyone in the facility suffered from the worst pain imaginable before losing consciousness and dying. Rose slowly stood up from her chair and she gazed up in the air as if searching for someone.
“Emily, I suspect you will see this event at some point or I at least hope you will. I’m too strong now and the only way I can end this is to end my own life. I don’t know if I can do it but if I don’t, I’ll kill everyone around me. The only way I can be stopped is in the past. You need to find Elizabeth Westgard. She has a rare ability – empathic healing. She can give me a conscience before I become too powerful but you probably don’t have much time left. You need to find her before it’s too late,” Rose said desperately.
Her body trembled and blood trickled from her left nostril. She shook more violently and collapsed to the floor as she directed dissonant healing energy at herself. A moment later, she stilled as death claimed her. Emily abruptly lost the vision and her body jerked as she became aware of her surroundings. Jeremy knelt in front of her and was holding her upright so she didn’t fall forward. Emily straightened and smiled shakily at him.
“I’m alright now,” she said weakly.
“The hell you are!” Jeremy exclaimed with outrage. “You pushed yourself too far. You’re going to get hurt!”
“I’m fine,” Emily said and shivered at the cold temperature of the room. “Rose’s going to attack us soon. It looks like I’m going to be killed.”
“When?” Jeremy asked sharply.
“Anytime within a week,” Emily said grimly. “I wish I could narrow it down but I can’t. I’ve tried as hard as I could to pinpoint a more precise time.”
“You tried too hard,” Jeremy scolded her. “You’re a multipath now so you’re going to have to be more careful.”
“There’s someone who can stop Rose somehow. She’s an empathic healer. Her name is Elizabeth Westgard.”
“That name sounds familiar,” Jeremy said musingly. He walked over to his desk and typed rapidly at his computer. “Here it is.”
“You found something?” Emily asked hopefully.
“Yes, Elizabeth is a high level telepath who came here several days ago to become part of the psychic network. Her ability was giving her crippling migraines but the only ability she registered with us was telepathy. According to you, she also has another ability or perhaps it is one that will develop in the future.”
“We have to find her.”
“I can give you her address,” Jeremy said. “But I’m going with you.”
“Okay,” Emily agreed.
“I’m going to talk to Julie then we can drive down to Vancouver which is where Elizabeth lives,” Jeremy said.
The horror of what Emily had just seen stuck with her as she leaned fully against the back of her chair for support and squeezed her eyes shut to try to remember just the important events. Rose had somehow known that Emily would foresee that event in the future and she had changed. She seemed to regret all of the deaths she’d caused. Even though Emily was certain that she’d glimpsed a scene from over one hundred years into the future, Jeremy had looked to be in his early forties. Maybe Emily’s precognitive ability hadn’t been accurate. It had been extremely difficult to receive any solid impressions or scenes so maybe this vision had been faulty. Suddenly, the sense of terror and pain from those in her psychic network reached the edges of her mind. It was unexpected and not personal as she could only feel the shadow effects. Emily focused her attention on those individuals and the image of Psi-Tech rose up in her mind.
Disjointed images of the outside and inside of the building from many people’s perspective jarred her senses. Emily realized that she was seeing from many individual’s minds who worked in that building that had managed to join the network. The terror became more palpable and threatened to overwhelm her so she blocked out the telepathic impressions.
“Jeremy, I think Rose is attacking Psi-Tech right now,” Emily said.
“She is. I saw her,” Jeremy confirmed. “I’m discussing the situation with Julie and Ryan.”
Emily hadn’t realized he was participating in a virtual conference; it was a valuable tool that came with being a telepath. She waited patiently until suddenly Julie’s voice interceded her thoughts:
“This is Julie Saunders. Anyone who is working for me at the Center must leave immediately. I know I promised you a safe place and that I had been working on a way to protect ourselves on a psychic level from attack but there are two extremely dangerous psychics who I have reason to believe will be here soon and they are unstoppable as of right now – even if we attacked them together. Anyone who stays at the Center won’t be safe. This isn’t a drill. Everyone must leave now. I will hold a telepathic conference as soon as I have more information to give you,” Julie broadcasted.
Adrenaline pumped through Emily’s body as she shot to her feet. She hadn’t expected Julie to make such a definitive and timely response to the new information. Rose wasn’t interested in the individuals working here and probably wouldn’t track them down with the exception of Emily, Jeremy, Julie, and Ryan.  Skylar burst into the room just as Jeremy and Emily were heading for the office door.
“I’m going with you,” Skylar said.
“Of course,” Jeremy said. “We need to find Mom as well. She’s probably working in her office and will be here shortly.”
Kate appeared behind Skylar at the doorway.
“I’m here,” she said breathlessly.
“Let’s go,” Emily said urgently.
They crowded inside Jeremy’s SUV and headed south for Vancouver. Emily explained to Skylar and Kate what she had recently seen and learned about Rose and a possible way of stopping her.
“How exactly does this empathic healing work?” Kate asked.
“I’m not sure,” Emily said reluctantly.
“Maybe we should just hideout somewhere,” Skylar said.
“No, Rose will eventually track us down. We’re going to need to find a way to stop her before things get too bad,” Jeremy said.
“What can we possibly do against someone that powerful?” Skylar asked.
“I believe that an empathic healer can give Rose a conscience. In the distant future, she will be captured but if we can change her now then we might be able to stop all of this,” Emily said.
“What about Kevin? Are we going to give him a conscience too?” Kate asked doubtfully. “I’m afraid that this sounds like a very weak plan. It’s all well and good that in the distant future, Rose will come to regret her atrocities but I don’t think giving her an artificial conscience will stop her.”
“This all sounds very hokey to me. I agree with Kate. It isn’t a workable plan,” Skylar interjected.
Jeremy frowned as he continued to drive but refrained from arguing. He pulled onto the freeway and allowed the silence to drag on. Emily merely sat back with her eyes squeezed shut.  Skylar and Kate exchanged frustrated looks. Emily was relieved when they finally reached Elizabeth’s house. She lived in a small, beige house with a tiny lawn and her neighbor’s homes crowded beside it to give an overall cramped impression. A small, green sedan inhabited the parking lot which hopefully indicated that Elizabeth was home. Jeremy took the lead as they stepped up to the front door and he rang the bell. Elizabeth answered almost right away. She blinked at them in surprise.
“We’ve got some important news,” Jeremy said gravely. “Could we talk to you inside?”
A warm, soothing sensation permeated him and the others as they stood facing her. Emily noticed the feeling immediately and realized that this was the psychic gift Elizabeth possessed.
“Something is wrong. We can talk right here.” Elizabeth had the door only partially open and made sure she planted herself firmly in front of it.
Jeremy briefly explained about Rose and her powerful abilities. When he paused for a moment to gather his thoughts, Elizabeth interjected:
“What does this have to do with me?” she asked.
“You have a rare talent called empathic healing. This ability will give Rose a conscience and she can be stopped before she does any of the horrible things she’s about to do,” Jeremy said.
“No, this won’t work,” Elizabeth said shakily. “I don’t have any control over this ability. There’s nothing I can do. She will view me as a threat and kill me.”
“If you’re a threat, she’s going to seek you out. You’re not safe here anymore,” Emily said. “Your best bet is to come with us and we can help you develop your ability and keep you out of harm’s way.”
“No, I’m staying here. Leave me alone,” Elizabeth said firmly.
Jeremy and Emily exchanged worried looks and the door slammed in their faces.
“What do we do now?” Jeremy asked.
“I don’t know.” A wave of hopelessness and despair washed over Emily. “This can’t be happening. She was our only hope.”
“We need to convince her to leave this place,” Kate said.
Emily’s eyes cut to her mother’s. “You’ve changed your mind about her?”
“No but I just had a vision. Rose’s going to come here soon and kill her. She does see her as a threat.”
Jeremy rang the bell but Elizabeth didn’t answer. He rang the bell several more times then telepathically broadcasted a warning to Elizabeth. He repeated Kate’s warning several times then swept the group a resigned look.
“We’ve got to go. It’s no use,” he said.
“We did our best,” Kate said.
They piled into Jeremy’s SUV but he didn’t pull out right away. Instead, he mulled over the situation and Kate’s vision. Because Rose viewed Elizabeth as a threat, it made Jeremy even more convinced that they needed her help as an empathic healer.
“We need to think of a way of convincing Elizabeth to help us,” Jeremy said. “Or at least leaving this place so she’ll be safe.”
“She’s completely entrenched in her decision to stay here,” Skylar piped up from the back seat. “I was reading her thoughts.”
“That’s an invasion of privacy,” Kate scolded him.
 Skylar shrugged at her. “It was necessary.”
“We need to know more about how Rose’s ability works so we can discover a way of stopping her,” Jeremy said.
“She hasn’t developed her abilities until now and it’s been very fast,” Emily said. “She hasn’t even been self-aware until the last couple of weeks.”
“But her ability has given her life-times of experience in a matter of days,” Jeremy said.
“Maybe we should focus on seeing the future and identifying the drug that was made.”
“I tried that. Unfortunately, I’m not the one that is directly involved in making it. I’m just the leader in the underground movement against Rose. I’m sure the exact nature of the drug is never revealed to me because it wouldn’t make sense as I’m not a doctor,” Jeremy said.
“What about the people in your underground movement? If you can track one of the doctors that helped, he may be a precognitive that knows the formula,” Emily suggested. “After all, precognition is one of the most common abilities.”
“I’m pretty sure that most of the people weren’t part of the psychic network. They were non-telepaths,” Jeremy said. “But that’s worth a shot.”
“Surely there’s some way we can convince Elizabeth to leave this place. We can’t just let Rose kill her,” Kate said.
“We can’t stay and confront Rose. We wouldn’t stand a chance,” Emily said.
Jeremy turned the key to start the engine but nothing happened. He tried again but the engine wouldn’t start. A sudden flare of panic erupted in him. He looked up and saw the same emotion reflected in the eyes of the others.
“Something’s wrong,” Emily said sharply.
“Rose is already here,” Kate whispered. “We barely missed her in the original timeline but when I saw Elizabeth was in danger, it caused us to delay just long enough for her to catch up.”
Rose and Kevin cut across the neighbor’s lawn toward them. Jeremy tried starting the car one more time before stepping outside to confront them. Rose’s crazed eyes bore into his as she stopped a short distance away from him. Emily, Skylar, and Kate took up positions on both sides of him in a protective stance.
“You’re a bunch of fools,” Rose said coldly. “You made this entirely too easy for me.”
Even though Jeremy knew the end of his life was imminent, a strange sense of calm settled over him. He regarded her with an appraising look, wondering if there was any weakness he could exploit. He tapped into his intuitive powers and pulled hard at the inner strength of his psychic talents. His pupils dilated until his eyes were completely black. Emily was doing the same thing. A sudden gust of wind whipped over them and Jeremy sensed a concentration of heat. Instinctively, he realized that Rose was using one of her abilities to try to burn him alive. He pushed back against this talent and managed to keep the attack from manifesting. Kevin added his own efforts but Emily silently offered her protection as well. Rose quickly focused her attack and Jeremy had to push more forcefully to prevent it. He strained as the attack continued then abruptly stopped. Rose’s strength hadn’t waned but she was tired of spending too much time to kill him.
Jeremy used the opportunity to tap into his intuition again. He needed to think of a way of stopping her. This was his last chance. Abruptly, a painful pressure constricted his throat. He struggled to breath but found he couldn’t. Jeremy pushed back against Rose’s new attack and felt Emily’s assistance. Kate and Skylar telepathically joined with Jeremy which helped strengthened him just a little. Jeremy found he could draw breath now but the pressure against his throat and lungs still bore down threateningly. He wouldn’t be able to hold off the attack for much longer.
Images of Rose flashed in his mind. He could see her sitting down in plain clothes gazing sightlessly out of the window. Her body had been like an empty shell with no mind. Her thoughts had whipped in a mad, tangled, twisted whirlwind with no coherency. Jeremy suddenly couldn’t breathe again. He weakly struggled to defend himself against Rose’s and Kevin’s attack but it was hopeless now. Blackness crept along the edges of his vision and he felt Emily’s comforting presence retreating. A sense of betrayal slammed into him for just a split second before he realized it was the most logical act his sister could do. She would need the strength to fight Rose once Jeremy was dead. His knees hit the pavement and Skylar knelt down to hold him upright. Jeremy didn’t have much time left. Suddenly, the constriction against his throat and lungs left.
Jeremy’s vision cleared and he greedily drew in deep, painful breaths of air. He saw Rose lying on her back and swiftly picking herself up. Emily had knocked her backward with a burst of telekinesis. It had taken Rose completely by surprise and she’d lost her concentration. Her crazed black eyes honed in on Emily who was now the main focus of her attack. Jeremy felt the sudden burst of psychic energy. Emily didn’t have much time. Abruptly, Jeremy was struck with an idea that came to him with a burst of intuitive insight. He focused on Rose’s connection to the psychic network. He traced the dark, disturbing links of energy that linked her to them and abruptly cut them away. In an instant, Rose was completely separated from the psychic network.
She gasped in shock and the black of her eyes shrank to reveal the piercing green of her irises. The flat, cold, emotionless pit of her eyes was replaced by fury and madness.
“I’m going to burn you alive!” she shrieked.
Kevin turned to regard her with surprise as he was taken aback by the lack of emotional control. Rose’s gaze bore into Jeremy’s as her hands balled into fists and a flare of psychic energy welled around her. It was much weaker than the power she had controlled less than a moment ago and instead of manifesting, the energy quickly waned and flickered out of existence. Rose stumbled and fell backward. She lay flat on her back gazing sightlessly up into the sky as her mind quickly reverted to its former state before she’d joined a psychic network. 
“What did you do?” Kevin shrieked furiously.
Twin lightning bolts burst from both of his hands and shot toward Jeremy. He quickly halted the approach of the attack and concentrated on repelling them. After several seconds, the lightning fizzled out. Jeremy swiftly cut off Kevin’s connection to the psychic network. Kevin gasped and drew in several deep breaths as his body spasmed. His black eyes converted to their normal brown color and his power quickly fizzled out to normal levels. He pointed his hands at Jeremy to unleashed more lightning. His electrokinetic talent spurted uncontrollably and fizzled out. Several small flashes of blue lights flared from the palm of his hands but he couldn’t direct enough energy to launch an attack. Blood trickled from his nose and his body jerked several more times. His mind desperately reached out toward them and groped clumsily in an attempt to link but no one was willing. 
His body jerked uncontrollably and he flopped onto the ground like a fish out of water. He died less than a moment later.
“What happened to them?” Skylar asked with a mixture of fear, astonishment and relief.
“Rose’s mind was dependent on the connection to the psychic network. Without it, she returned back to her former existence. She’s no longer cognizant of the world around her. With Kevin, I’m not sure what happened,” Jeremy said.
“I know what happened,” Emily said woodenly. “It’s what would happen to any telepath or multipath whose abilities had stabilized once they became a part of the psychic network. Once we’re plugged in, we can’t disconnect or we’ll end up sharing the same fate as Kevin. Almost instant death.”
“You mean we’re all dependent on the psychic network to live?” Kate asked with horror.
“Not you but me, Jeremy, and Skylar,” Emily said.
Kate’s horrified gaze fixed on Kevin’s lifeless form and she shuddered.
“It might not always be this way. Generations from now, we may evolve to the point where multipaths are common and there’s no need to be linked with others,” Emily theorized.



Epilogue
As was common at the end of a workday, a surge of satisfaction over a job well done rushed over Emily as she logged off of her computer.  Skylar ambled into the room to check in on her. It had become a habit with him shortly after the two of them started dating several weeks ago.
“I’m almost ready to go,” Emily thought to him.
She jotted down a few notes on her notebook that she kept on her desk and tucked it away in one of her drawers. It had been almost a year since Rose was returned to Evergreen Terrace Center and in that time, society was stabilizing and people were growing accustomed to their new psychic abilities. Jeremy’s talent had been dubbed connectivity psi and those who possessed this rare talent were valuable commodities. Phoenix Enterprises managed to acquire two such talents in addition to Jeremy while Psi-Tech employed five with several European companies employing several. Emily reflected on the feeling of freedom and safety that she now enjoyed. Every time she glimpsed the future, there wasn’t a trace of the mortal danger that had plagued her relentlessly for so many years.
Emily’s eyes misted with tears as a sudden series of visions flashed sporadically in her mind of her future with Skylar and their children’s future as well as her brother’s life and children. She’d never seen so far ahead before and the beauty and joy of those moments overwhelmed her.
“Are you alright?” Skylar regarded her with concern.
“I’m just fantastic.” Emily leveled a warm smile at him. “You wouldn’t believe what I saw. I saw our families in the future. Everything’s going to be different. There’s going to come a time very soon when everyone’s a telepath. It will be like an entirely new world.”
“It’s already an entirely new world,” Skylar said wryly.
“Even more so in a few generations,” Emily advised. “And I’ve seen our descendant’s futures. There are some that could use a little help. I think I’m going to make some journals for these people to help guide them through difficult time periods.”
“That would be a huge undertaking.”
Emily grinned with excitement. “I know. But I have some ideas on how to keep my predictions accurate in spite of how things tend to change.”
“If anyone can do it, you can. But I don’t think we should delve too deeply in our own destinies. Let’s leave ourselves a few surprises.”
“I can handle that,” Emily agreed.
She and Skylar left the building with a sense of giddy anticipation. It was thrilling to have her entire life to look forward to.

If you would like to know when new books are available, you can sign up here.
If you would like to check out special offers and read more about
the other books available, you can visit the 
author website at http://johnoriley.net

All titles available by John O’Riley:

Winters Family Psi Chronicles series:
Book 1: Transformation
Book 2: Project Onyx
Book 3: Black Moon

Grumpy Old Wizards series:

Book 1: Grumpy Old Wizards
Book 2: Corruption
Book 3: Dark Energy
Book 4: Terramezic Energy

Wizards of Seattle series: (The first two books are novellas)
Book 1: Inheritance (a novella)
Book 2: Caretaker (a novella)

The following pages are a preview of the next installment of the
Winters Family Psi Chronicles,
Project Onyx


Chapter 1

As often as the recurring nightmares afflicted him, Brian would have thought he’d become accustomed to them. Instead, he found himself just as disturbed as always when he abruptly awakened in his dark bedroom. Fear clawed at his gut as a black mist in the shape of a man floated over him for several seconds before dissipating. Brian took a deep, cleansing breath and turned to gaze at the readout on his digital alarm clock which told him it was only a little after three in the morning. He closed his eyes and willed himself to relax and go back to sleep. He reminded himself that the black mist had been only an illusion spurred on by the nightmare. Finally, he drifted off to sleep but his alarm blared soon after. He reached out with his hand and slammed the snooze bar. 
The tinkling of mini wind chimes drifted to his ears, indicating his older sister was already awake. Brian lay back in bed as exhaustion drew him back to sleep but the alarm went off again. He turned off the alarm and reluctantly got out of bed as it was after six and he needed all the time to prepare for the day. Brian turned on the light and sat down on the office chair at his desk. He set the oven timer for forty minutes and assessed the condition of his mental shields. As a level ten empath, his psychic strength was off the charts and it was imperative that he maintain a constant mental barricade to prevent his ability from overwhelming him. He was dismayed but not surprised to find his protection almost completely eroded. He always had the nightmares when he struggled with maintaining a strong enough mental barricade to keep his empathy under control. All the high level talents on his mother’s side of the family suffered from the same recurring bad dreams and theorized that they were a warning of possible psychic burnout which for a level ten talent would lead to death.
Brian would often suffer from this recurring problem for just one or two days before recovering but this time, it had dragged on for over a week. He forced his fear aside and immediately set to work on strengthening his shielding. Unfortunately, he could tell it wasn’t helping much. When the timer went off, he was still exhausted and the mental barricades were still extremely weak. He dreaded going to school today and suffering the deluge of emotional energy imbalances that his peers and teachers suffered. When he finished showering and dressing, his older sister was already almost finished with her breakfast and coffee. Amy smiled amiably at him as she took another sip of her coffee. Her hazel eyes conveyed a cheerful mood and her slightly dampened, long blond hair flowed freely over her shoulders. Her bowl of oatmeal shuffled restlessly from side to side and the three empty chairs at the table fidgeted as though alive and afflicted with ADHD. Amy was a level ten telekinetic so it was a rare experience to find her surroundings quiet and still. Her psychic energy sent constant twinges of pain in his forehead, chest, and gut. When his psionic shield was this weak, everyone caused him pain except for other level ten empaths.
“Good morning.” Amy offered a pleasant smile.
“Hey sis,” Brian said as he fought off another yawn.
Amy took another assessing look at her younger brother. 
“You look exhausted.” Amy’s brows furrowed with concern.
Brian ignored the comment as he crossed the room and poured himself a bowl of cereal. Even though he and his sister possessed off the charts psychic ability, their telepathic strength was well below average so they couldn’t sense the condition of other people’s mental barricades. Their father, Paul, unexpectedly emerged in the kitchen and overheard his sister’s remark.
“You’ve been having problems for about a week. I’m getting concerned,” Paul said.
He was medium set, and clean-shaven with short, wavy brown hair and hazel eyes, and wore a blue polo shirt and black pants. His level six telepathic ability was average with level five empathy that made him a perfect fit for his job. His proximity intensified the twinges of pain that stirred in Brian. Brian felt his father gently probe his mental shielding. 
“Dad, stop it.” Brian’s lips curved in an irritable frown.
“Did you spend forty minutes on strengthening your shielding?” Paul asked with concern.
“Yes.” Brian disliked his vulnerabilities being so exposed. He wished he shared just the average telepathic ability like everyone else even if he had to give up his empathy. Brian could clearly sense his father’s and sister’s anxiety over his current condition.
“We’re going to need to take you to a shielding specialist.” 
“No!” Brian said forcefully. He hated the invasive feeling of a level ten telepath working on his mind and knew that while the individual worked, they could sense a lot more of Brian’s thoughts than he cared to share. It wasn’t that he had any dark secrets but the intrusion on his privacy and allowing a stranger access to all his innermost thoughts disturbed and embarrassed him.
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Paul said. “And you could die if this leads to psychic burnout.”
A moment later, an unnatural sense of calm stole over Brian as his father’s empathy washed over him. Brian angrily pushed away the psychic energy that his father flowed to him even as his body instinctively welcomed the reprieve.
“Stop it!” Brian said heatedly. “I’m not your patient!”
“I’m just trying to help you.” Paul regarded his son with concern.
Brian noticed that the chairs were fidgeting harder now and some of the cupboard doors were flapping wildly as Amy watched her brother with anxiety. Guilt slammed into him as he sensed her sympathy for him as well as her anxiety over his condition. Paul’s similar emotions blared at Brian like a foghorn. He swallowed as more guilt rose in him. He allowed the mental healing energy of his father to flow over him.
“I’m sorry.” Brian threw him an apologetic look. “I don’t mean to take it out on you.”
“We know.” Amy stood up and patted him affectionately on the shoulder. “Don’t worry about it.”
She left the room and a quiet stillness immediately settled over them.
“Maybe you should stay home,” Paul suggested.
“I’ll be all right, Dad,” Brian said. “I feel like I’m struggling already and I’ve got a couple of B minuses. You know what happens if I get a C or lower in anything.”
Paul nodded gravely but Brian could sense a burst of quick mental laughter. “Your mother made it very clear she would revoke your car privileges if that should ever happen.”
Teresa had purchased a car for both her children on the condition that they maintained at least a B in all their classes. She made it very clear that she would immediately take it back if they failed to meet their end of the bargain. Once they graduated from high school, they received permanent ownership of their cars. Until then, the title was still in her name. Teresa was a consultant for the military with top-secret clearance. Her work often took her away from home for extended periods of time. All level ten psychics were required to work for the government as their numbers were limited and their strength made them dangerous. Shortly after the Catastrophe of 2018 which had eventually resulted in an entire world of telepaths as well as a myriad of other psychic abilities, chaos had threatened to tear apart society. Governments had quickly mandated regulations to control powerful talents in order to maintain order. The average telepath was a level five and the maximum capacity that current technology could detect and measure was a level ten. Most people exhibited a secondary ability while there were rare individuals called multipaths who had more than one. For some reason, multipaths always demonstrated level ten strength in all their abilities. 
Almost everyone chose to link telepathically to the worldwide psychic network, called the Global Net, which greatly augmented their strength. Only a handful of individuals, mostly religious fanatics, chose to remain telepathically isolated from society and to form their own smaller networks. Even though only about twelve percent of the population possessed the gift and curse of a level ten ability, it tended to run in families. Teresa’s family had more than their share of powerful psychics. Brian envied his mother and his sister. From what he’d observed, their abilities never turned against them although it was always a possibility with their strength. 
Brian hastily finished his breakfast and prepared for school. By the time he slipped behind the wheel of his blue sedan he was already running late. He managed to arrive to his first class literally seconds before the bell rang. His first class was the most boring and monotonous but the least stressful as well as the easiest to pass. Brian didn’t have to study much because if you took notes well, it was almost a guaranteed A if you just read them over once. He squirmed in his chair as the emotions of his peers screamed at him. Adrenaline pumped through his veins and his breathing spiked and his body’s survival instincts kicked in. Because he was a level ten empath, he could vividly feel the emotional state as well as the energy of the emotional imbalances of anyone around him. The weaker his mental barricade, the stronger the stimuli. The psychic input that bombarded virtually all level ten psychics awakened the survival instincts and created a visceral reaction that was practically impossible to ignore which necessitated powerful shielding to prevent this from happening in the first place.
Sometimes, the abilities of level ten psychics became too much for the human body to handle which the medical community referred to as psychic burnout. Brian fervently hoped this wasn’t the case because there was no way to combat it other than with the aid of shielding specialists which were psychologists with level ten telepathy. Even this approach wasn’t a surefire way to prevent psychic burnout. As the day progressed, Brian found it increasingly difficult to concentrate as everyone’s anger, irritation, giddiness, happiness, boredom, passion, love, and depression relentlessly prodded at his mind. His third class for the day was algebra and he sat near the back of the room next to his best friend, Derek.
“How’s it going?” Derek said.
Brian hesitated because his friend’s turmoil twisted his gut. 
“You and Amy have been talking about me.” Brian forced himself to adopt a neutral expression on his face.
Normally, he would have kept this discovery to himself but he didn’t concern himself about such niceties when everyone’s emotions were constantly beating at his senses and exhaustion had seeped into his body. Brian still harbored mixed feelings about his best friend and his sister dating. They had believed they were hiding it from him for over two weeks but he’d known all along. Because Derek shared the same ability as Brian, he should have known better than to think he could keep it a secret. The energy that sizzled and exploded between him and Amy was impossible to ignore. Brian had pretended not to notice for over two weeks as they had snuck around nervously behind his back. One day, he’d finally told them they made a great couple and the tension had released like a damn bursting.
“She’s worried about you,” Derek said.
“So am I,” Brian said. “There’s no reason why I should be having this problem. My shields keep getting weaker and weaker. I’m exhausted. I don’t know how much longer I can take it.”
“You should see a shielding specialist,” Derek said.
“I will,” Brian said.
Derek flinched in surprise because he knew how passionately Brian despised these brands of psychiatrists.
“I’m surprised your dad didn’t insist on one sooner,” Derek said. “You’ve been looking more and more sickly every day. You’re gambling with your life, you know.”
“He’s probably expecting me to make a full recovery at any moment now. I usually snap out of it after a couple of days. This is the first time it’s lasted this long. I guess I’m one of the unlucky ones who can’t handle my psychic strength,” Brian said sardonically.
“I don’t think so,” Derek said. 
“What makes you so sure?” Brian asked.
Before Derek could respond, class started and their algebra instructor was the football coach who didn’t tolerate any idle chitchat whatsoever. It didn’t matter anyway. Brian knew his best friend was just offering his support which equated to hollow words of comfort. The longer his condition dragged on, the more certain Brian became that he was afflicted with psychic burnout. His body just couldn’t handle the demands of his empathic ability. Brian was exhausted by the end of the day when his final class, psychic control and development, rolled around. This particular course was designed for level ten talents like himself. He, Derek, and Amy shared the same class. The instructor, Mr. Scott Hagen, was medium set with thinning brown hair and cold blue eyes. He possessed a disturbing and formidable air about him which wasn’t too surprising given the fact that he was a level ten telepath. 
When the bell rang to signal the beginning of class, he immediately informed them in precise, measured tones that this session would be devoted exclusively to practicing their assigned tasks. He’d given individual assignments to everyone at the beginning of last week with goals. Today, they would warm up with gently but firmly pressing against the mental shield of their assigned partner. Mr. Hagen assigned everyone their seats and exercise partners which he would change once every other week. Currently, Brian had the misfortune of working with Zack who possessed level ten telepathy with no secondary ability. The two of them shifted their desks so they faced each other. Zack’s flaming red hair was a tangled mass that contrasted sharply with his pale face. He had a small, unflattering nose and a multitude of zits that covered his face and also sprinkled down his hair arms.
“Are you ready?” Zack twisted his lips in a faint sneer.
“Yes.” Brian regarded him with reluctance.
The tight pressure against Brian’s shield made him wince and pain exploded in his head. This was not the light pressure of a warm up exercise. In fact, they were never instructed to strike out against someone’s mental barricades in earnest as Zack liked to do. Brian felt cracks spread over his weakening defenses. Instantly, everyone’s emotions intensified and beat at him relentlessly. Blackness crept along the edge of his vision and he found himself leaning forward with his face pressed firmly against the cold wood of his desk. Brian cautiously raised his head and realized everyone’s emotions were muffled and held at bay. Everyone was staring at him. Zack’s face was red and his brown eyes conveyed a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
“I didn’t do it on purpose. I can’t help it if his shields were practically nonexistent,” Zack said.
“You should never have used so much force. This was a warm up exercise,” Mr. Hagen pinned him with a cool, reproving look. He swept a stern gaze over the rest of the class. “Continue with your assignments.” He waited until he made sure they had complied before focusing his attention back to Brian. By now, Brian had figured out that his instructor had encompassed his mind in a shield. “You will spend the rest of the class strengthening your shield so that when I remove mine, you won’t black out again.”
“All right,” Brian said.
He was relieved when the bell rang to dismiss class. Unfortunately, Mr. Hagen wasn’t ready to let him off the hook so easily. 
“I need to have a word with you, Brian,” he said as Brian prepared to follow his classmates out of the room.
“Yes, sir,” Brian murmured.
He approached the front and his instructor gestured for him to take a seat at the desk closest to him. Brian reluctantly sank into the chair.
“Your work on defensive preparation has been spotty over the semester and the last two sessions have been unsatisfactory,” Mr. Hagen said in cold, precise tones. “You will need to prepare harder or your grades are going to drop. Furthermore, you greatly increase the chance of psychic burnout if your shields remain this depleted.”
“I’ve been working on it forty minutes every morning and one hour after school,” Brian said.
Mr. Hagen stared wordlessly at him for an uncomfortable moment. “That concerns me a great deal. With that kind of preparation, your defensive mental barriers should be substantially stronger. Do you have any theories on why this is happening?”
“Yes.” Brian didn’t volunteer any theories as he was reluctant to discuss his personal issues.
“I sense that this problem has been going on for quite some time – possibly years,” Mr. Hagen said.
“That’s right.” Brian regarded his instructor with surprise and wariness.
“You’re correct. I’m reading your thoughts. It’s almost impossible not to do when I’m currently shielding you. Your mental protection is still too weak for me to withdraw from your mind safely.”
“I spent the entire time working on my shields.” Brian crossed his arms in a defensive posture.
“I know,” Mr. Hagen said. “Unfortunately, I don’t have the training to build up your shield for you. You’re just going to have to work on it for a bit longer until you’re well enough to leave. If it takes too long, I’ll call your parents and they can decide how to proceed. In any case, I will be informing them of what has occurred today.”
“All right.” Brian heaved a weary sigh.

Chapter 2
A disturbing sense of unease flared across Brian’s empathic senses as he pulled his blue sedan into the street in front of his house. Paul’s black SUV and Amy’s silver sedan were parked side by side in the driveway. The darkness of night was almost complete with a nearby street light partially illuminating the front yard. Brian’s stomach clenched as he finally realized that the porch light was out. It was set on an automatic timer so it should be on by now. In fact, all the lights in the house were turned out. Brian’s pace slowed as he took in all these details and halted several feet from the front door with the keys gripped tight in his right hand.
It wasn’t that late so his dad and sister should still be awake. Adrenaline coursed through his veins and he slowly backed away from the house. He’d only taken a couple of steps when the front door burst open and a thin man dressed entirely in black emerged. An unnatural blackness covered his face as though the darkness had coalesced to obscure it. The long, serrated kitchen knife held in the man’s right hand glinted in the streetlight. Brian turned and ran toward his car. He pushed the remote to unlock the door but the attacker knocked the keys from his hand and they flew out into the nearby bushes. Brian knew he didn’t have the time to look for them as his assailant was directly behind him. He ran past his car and pumped his legs as fast as possible. He kept running for all he was worth as the assailant’s heavy breathing reached his ears from directly behind him. 
If Brian slowed down for just a second, he would be dead. He concentrated all his energy on running even as his legs threatened to give out on him. The assailant continued to doggedly pursue him as he dashed past block after block. Periodically, Brian glanced behind him to find that the man was still only several feet away from him. Abruptly, he awakened from the nightmare and found himself lying in bed, breathing heavily as though he’d really been running for his life. Adrenaline coursed through his body and his eyes struggled to pierce the darkness of his bedroom. He checked his alarm clock and realized it was only a little after three in the morning. He lay back down and struggled to quiet his mind. 
He managed to fall back to sleep and plunged back into a similar nightmare with the unknown assailant pursuing him. He awakened and dropped off to sleep again. His alarm clock didn’t go off but he only slept in until shortly after seven. After the incident with his shield collapsing yesterday, his father had scheduled an emergency appointment with Dr. Bettinger who happened to be the only shielding specialist in Snohomish County. Brian wouldn’t be attending classes today which wouldn’t have bothered him if he wasn’t already struggling with some of his grades and he didn’t want to lose his driving privileges. Brian considered laying in bed and trying to drop off but realized that was hopeless because he was wide awake.
Even though Brian usually dreaded the doctor’s visit, he was so exhausted from the restless nights and his runaway empathic ability that he didn’t mind too much. No one was waiting in the small lobby when he and Paul arrived at Dr. Bettinger’s office. For furnishings, the room offered only four, blue cushioned chairs and a tasteful painting on the far wall along with the receptionist’s desk where a blond woman was seated who looked fresh out of high school. After only a short wait, Dr. Bettinger opened the door to his office and smiled welcomingly. He was a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair, brown eyes, and a calm demeanor. They gathered in his office and he closed the door behind them. Paul sat on the chair facing the desk while Brian sank into the comfortable, beige easy chair off to the side which faced an identical easy chair. The subtle aroma of lavender mixed with peppermint had a calming effect on Brian’s nerves. Dr. Bettinger tapped a few keys on his desktop computer to activate the voice recognition program that he used to record all his sessions before settling in the easy chair facing Brian.
“Thank you for seeing us on such short notice,” Paul said.
“It was no problem. I had an opening and fit you in.” Dr. Bettinger turned to focus on Brian. “Tell me about the dreams you’ve been having.”
Brian explained them with as much detail as he could recall. Dr. Bettinger allowed him to recite them without interruption and only asked a few clarification questions before proceeding with the assessment of his mental barricade. Brian sensed the psychologist’s powerful presence gently probing the surface of his shield. After several moments, Bettinger requested that Brian allow him to enter his mind to avoid further weakening of the protection. Brian stiffened at the sense of invasion of another’s presence in his thoughts. Almost immediately, the strength of his shield increased and the pain brought on by the input of everyone’s emotional states evaporated. The tension slowly eased from his body as the protection swiftly increased. After about half an hour, the doctor withdrew and Brian’s shield was stronger than it had been in almost a year. Bettinger always performed first class work and he charged a generous fee. Luckily, their insurance covered most of it.
“I feel so much better,” Brian said.
“I suggest you work on your shielding for at least an hour in the morning and at least an hour in the late afternoon or early evening,” the doctor said. 
Bettinger strode across the room and positioned himself at his desk so he could type into his computer and swiftly typed some notes into it. 
“I sensed the kind of damage to your shield that usually indicates a psychic attack,” Bettinger said.
“There’s this kid who attacked me during class,” Brian said and filled the doctor in on the specifics of Zack’s attack and how his protection had collapsed completely.
“That could explain it. I don’t have enough information yet to determine whether this is a traditional psychic burnout or just a phase that a lot of level ten talents go through during their teen years.” The specialist typed in some more notes and asked a lot more personal questions about Brian’s state of mind and physical wellbeing. Finally, the session was at a close. “There is no reason to miss another day of school as long as your condition doesn’t deteriorate. I recommend you see me in about a week.” He turned to direct his attention at Paul. “Did you want to schedule another appointment while you are still here, Mr. Winters?”
“Yes, for the late afternoon. If you have something open after four, that would be great. I don’t want Brian to miss any more school if possible.”
“I believe that could be arranged. Stephanie has my appointment book at the front desk. I look forward to seeing you. Hopefully, your condition will remain stable,” Bettinger said.
He opened the door for them and Paul thanked him again for arranging to see them on such short notice. A young woman in her early thirties was waiting in the lobby and leafing through a magazine. The doctor ushered her into his office while Paul set up an appointment for his son next week. Paul didn’t have much to say until they’d almost arrived home.
“How are you feeling?” Paul asked.
“A lot better. My empathic abilities are completely under wraps now and I’m not as exhausted as I’ve been all week,” Brian said.
Even though his energy was returning and it was a huge relief to know that everyone’s emotions weren’t screaming at his psionic senses, he felt nervous about someone working so closely in his mind and having access to his innermost thoughts. Because Brian was taking a lot of psychology courses in preparation for his career as a psychologist, he knew that a lot of his memories and thoughts had seeped into Bettinger’s mind. Even though he was a doctor and everything he learned was kept strictly confidential, it still bothered Brian a great deal.
“A lot of level ten teens have similar problems with their abilities so there is nothing to worry about. I’m sure after a few more sessions, you won’t have any more problems with this,” Paul said.
“Or I may have psychic burnout in which case I’ll have to see a shielding specialist at least once a week for the rest of my life,” Brian said.
“I know that it’s common but most level tens don’t suffer from that condition,” Paul said firmly. “You have nothing to worry about.”
Brian didn’t argue but he knew his dad merely spoke hollow words of reassurance. Paul was a psychologist but he had no experience working with high level talents and since he wasn’t a level ten telepath, he would never be able to do so. Only level ten telepaths could learn the skills necessary to strengthen and repair someone else’s psionic protection.
“Once your mother returns from her assignment, she can help you build your shielding and you won’t have to see the specialist as often or hopefully ever again,” Paul said.
“Great.” Brian’s expression turned sullen. 
“I know how you feel but it’s necessary for someone to work on your protection until you’re able to manage it on your own,” Paul said.
Brian didn’t respond even though he knew his father was right. Maybe spending two hours working on his shielding wasn’t such a terrible price to pay after all if he could avoid allowing others access to his mind. Paul allowed an unspoken quiet to descend over them for the rest of the trip home. In the late afternoon, Amy arrived with Brian’s homework. Before he could escape to his room, she asked how the appointment with Dr. Bettinger went.
“It looks like it’s psychic burnout.” Brian threw his sister a dejected glance.
“We have an appointment next week,” Paul interjected. “This may just be a temporary problem. A lot of high level talents have this difficulty.”
“Do they also have nightmares?” Brian demanded.
“Yes, some of them do. The same types of dreams that you have,” Paul said.
“Really?” Brian regarded him with curiosity. “Why didn’t you tell me before?”
“I didn’t know before. I did a lot of research these last couple of days.”
“I’ve looked for information online but didn’t find anything that pertained to my situation.”
“You have to wade through a lot of information but I have access to professional databases due to being a licensed psychologist,” Paul explained. 
“I think you’ll be fine, Brian.” Amy offered a reassuring smile. “You look a lot better already.”
“Thanks,” he said.
Brian escaped to his room to begin working on his assignments. He lost track of time as he became absorbed in his work. When his door knocked forcefully, he flinched and looked up. His great uncle, Dick, burst into the room without waiting for a response. Dick Mackenzie was his mother’s uncle, and a multipath with psychometry, telekinesis, and self-regeneration psi that made him look as though he was only in his early twenties instead of his real age, seventy-nine. Dick had piercing green eyes, brown hair, and a thin wiry frame. He wore a blue tee shirt, jeans, and blue running shoes. 
“How’s my favorite nephew doing?” Dick said flippantly.
“I’m fine,” Brian said.
“Amy told me about what happened,” Dick said.
“Everything is okay,” Brian said.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Dick asked.
“No,” Brian said.
“Do you want to play darts?” 
“I have a lot of work to do. My grades are getting behind because of the problems I’ve been having this week,” Brian said.
“Amy said you weren’t sleeping well and you have psychic burnout,” Dick said. “But you’re feeling better now though, right?”
“Yes but I need to get caught up. I wasn’t able to concentrate in my classes and I’ve gotten behind.”
“We can just talk about stuff in general. We don’t have to talk about your psychic burnout if you don’t want to. Let’s play darts. You need a break,” Dick said.
“Where is Amy?” Brian said as he realized he couldn’t hear the wind chimes which meant his sister wasn’t in her room.
“She’s not home,” Dick said. “She told me she had a date with Derek.”
Amy and Derek had been going out a lot lately. They were good about including Brian though. He shrugged, stood up, and stretched briefly. Maybe a break was a good idea. He followed Dick to the family room and they picked their darts. Paul joined them when they were half finished with their first game. He waited patiently until they started a new one.
“How are things going at the prison?” Paul said. “Are you still working overtime?”
Dick was a prison guard for the Pine Hills Corrections Center.
“Everything’s fine now. We’re fully staffed again so I’m back to forty hours a week,” Dick said as he drew back his arm and narrowed his eyes at the board with concentration. He was in his competitive mode now. With his arm pulled back and ready to spring forward to release the dart, the right sleeve of his shirt rode up to reveal more of the large skunk tattoo. He finally tossed the dart and it landed in the bull’s eye with uncanny accuracy. Everyone suspected that Dick cheated by using his telekinesis when he played so well. His other two throws hit the bull’s eye.
“You’re not using your telekinesis, are you?” Paul adopted a forced casual air.
“Of course not.” Dick smiled widely. “I don’t need to.”
“Where’s Stephanie?” Brian asked as he suddenly realized his great uncle’s girlfriend was missing. The two of them were practically inseparable.
“I wanted some alone time,” Dick said.
Brian and his father exchanged knowing looks. Dick went through girlfriends like tissue paper. Once he started spending time by himself, things deteriorated rapidly. Obviously, the relationship was nearing its end. Brian didn’t realize how much time he’d spent playing darts until his sister sauntered into the room wearing the same pleasant smile she always did after a date with Derek.
“How’s it going?” she said.
“You want to join us?” Dick asked.
“Sure,” Amy said.
“I need to get back to my homework,” Brian said.
“What? We haven’t finished this game yet.”
“I’ve already played a bunch of games and it’s getting late.”
“You only played three and it’s still pretty early,” Dick protested.
“It’s after nine. Brian should probably be working on his psionic protection,” Paul threw him a pointed look.
“That’s right. I probably won’t have time for any more homework tonight,” Brian said.
He shouldn’t have wasted so much time goofing around. He closed his bedroom door, positioned himself comfortably in his office chair and set the timer for one hour. He noticed immediately that his shielding was substantially weaker which was a major disappointment. He’d expected it to last much longer with no measurable signs of weakening over the first evening. Brian realized he’d spent several moments brooding about his predicament. He forcefully brushed aside his thoughts and focused on the task at hand.

Project Onyx is available now in ebook and paperback formats.
You can visit the author’s website at http://johnoriley.net 
to view all available titles, check out special offers & book promotions, 
and to sign up for new book notifications.


