I Hate New
Sunday School
Classes
A Judachew, the Singing Mouse, Adventure


Timothy W. Ayers
  Published by Timothy W. Ayers at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 by Timothy W. Ayers


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this temporarily free ebook. Although this is a free book (for a few months), it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.

All rights reserved.
ISBN-13:978-1500614577
ISBN-10: 1500614572
Timothy W. Ayers
timothywayers@gmail.com
http://www.timothywayers.wix.com/author

DEDICATION


To Jude and Lily Rennie

To Cameron and Zachary Cockroft

To all kids who face the difficulty of moving and attending a new class

To the kids at Sycamore Baptist Church. Thanks for lending your names to a group of fun mice
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


The Judachew Adventures is a real labor of love. It was started because I wanted to write a Christmas story as a reward for the Sunday School students, who did such a fantastic job with our Sunday School Christmas play one year (see 5 Little Christmas Dramas for Today's Kids published by CSS Publishing). The second in the series was written for a friend for her grandchildren. This, the third in the series, is an outgrowth of my desire to produce resources for small churches. This is a way to help new students adjust to a new Sunday School class. 

Many thanks to my daughter, Rebecca, who always gets roped into to doing the early readings and preliminary editing. She did them while pregnant and then delivering Lily. Now, that is dedication and hard work.


Chapter 1





I, Judachew,  threw the last of my worldly possessions into a small matchbox and tied it shut with a piece of string I found on the floor of the old church building. I had already said goodbye to my best friend forever, Alexa. Both of us cried and we both promised to keep in touch. Alexa said she would email me, but I knew that without a computer, or even an email address, it would be hard for us to stay in touch. I just thought that I would figure something out because BFFs stay in touch. 
“Dad, tell me again why we are moving all the way to some small town in Iowa,” I said with a hint of frustration in my voice. My mouse friends and I had done wonderful things at the little church where we lived in Western New York. Now that the Pastor's wife was over her illness, or at least it was in something called remission, we should be able to have a great life right here. 
Dad scurried on his hind legs, grabbing this and that and then more of this and that. He let out a loud, frustrated sigh before answering me. “Judachew, the pastor has decided to retire and move closer to his daughter in Iowa. He has been our friend for a long time. We are his 'church mouse family' and therefore, if he moves then we move. It won't be so bad. There will be a new church to attend, and you will make lots of new friends. Besides you have a new responsibility now,” he said.
I knew what he was talking about. I have a new little sister. I love the little girl but we all know how little sisters can cramp our style, or at least, whatever style a singing mouse has. Lily joined our family just a short time ago. I call her Lily but her full name is Lilliputian. I know, that is some crazy sounding name. You can see why I call her Lily. 
When Mom was having Lily, Dad was building her new nest. As is my Dad's custom, he waited until the last minute to get to work on the nest. He was hurriedly tearing pages from a book called Gulliver's Travels. When my mother asked what they were going to name the baby, he did, as he did with me, looked at the page he was tearing and called out the first thing he read: Lilliputian. It stuck but fortunately for her, he did not sneeze right after saying it. 
You see, I got my name when he was trying to say the name Jude from the Bible, but a loud, explosive sneeze came right after it. Therefore Jude plus Achoo became Judachew. I decided to save my little sister from the embarrassment of having to explain her name by calling her Lily. 
Although Lilliputian fits her well. If you don't know what a Lilliputian is then maybe I should explain. About fifty years before the United States started, a pastor named Jonathan Swift, wrote a book about a ship's captain named Gulliver. Gulliver was shipwrecked and washed up in a country made of islands called Lilliput. The people who lived there were called Lilliputians. They were just like regular people except for one thing; they were only six inches tall. So, they were no bigger than us mice. 
My little sister, Lily, is a tiny thing as well. So, I guess the name fits her well. She is Little Lily and is as a cute as a bug. To be honest though, I don't really understand that phrase to be “cute as a bug.” I don't find bugs all that cute. I mean, a Ladybug can be cute but what about a Stinkbug? They are not cute and well, they stink. As I was saying, Lily is my little sister and she is as cute as a bug.
Lily and I hang out together a lot. She idolizes me since I am a famous, singing mouse and have been on TV and all that. I don't mind because I love her and watching her is my responsibility. 
My packing was interrupted when my mother walked in the room and spoke. “Remember, Judachew, this journey may take two days so don't forget to pack some games to play.”
“Mom, why do we have to move? I like all my friends here and I have the best Sunday School class in the world. I hate new Sunday School classes!” I told her as I stomped my little, back paw on the bare wooden floor behind the wall of the church.
“Judachew, that is enough of that childish behavior. We are the pastor's church mice family. If he moves, we move. It is settled. Now, finish your packing and don't forget your games.” Mom turned and walked away. 
I could tell she was a little angry with me, but I could not get her to understand that I hate new Sunday School classes. What if the other mice were mean to me? What if they wouldn't let me be a part of their class? What if I didn't know the answers to the teacher's questions? What if the teacher hated me? What if the other mice wouldn't let me play in their reindeer games? I made a joke. Get it? It was from that song about Rudolph. Now that I think about it, I felt a lot like Rudolph. Here I am a singing mouse. That is as bad as having a big, red nose that glows. I might as well have a big, red nose because none of the other mice are going to like me. None. Period. 
“Ahhh!” I heard Lily scream from the other room.

Chapter 2





I raced from my room towards the sound of Lily's voice. I could hear Dad's padded little paws pounding against the floor behind me until they overtook me and reached Lily first. He stooped and picked her up. He examined her all over to see where she had gotten hurt before asking, “What is wrong, Lily?”
“I can't find my dolly. Dolly has to move with us. I won't go if Dolly doesn't go. Daddy, do you think she ran away because she doesn't want to move?” Lily asked with her big mouse eyes filling with tears.
“I already packed her for the trip,” Mom said from her position behind me. “Your dolly is safe and she wants to be with you. She will move wherever you move. Dollies are good friends in that way. Now, you be a good daughter and come ask me your questions instead of screaming. Remember, we are supposed to be as quiet as church mice.” Mom scurried back to her packing and Dad did the same. 
“Mom is right, Lily. Dolly will move with you. In a short time, this move will just be a memory. Little mice like you have it easy. You don't have to pack and when you get to the new place, all the other mice families will think you are just adorable. They will accept you right away but me, that is a different story. I have to make new friends, meet new humans and go to a new Sunday School class and I hate new Sunday School classes,” I told my little sister.
“Mama told me not to use that word,” Lily stated.
“What word is that?” I asked even though I knew which word my mother did not like. 
“Hay, hay, hay....don't like,” Lily stammered with the alternate phrase that Mom found more preferable. 
“I know, but I really don't like going to a new Sunday School class. What if the other mice don't like me” I told her. She padded across the floor and threw her arms around me. 
“Oh, Judachew, who could not like you? You are the most wonderful and amazing big brother in the world,” she told me as her big eyes looked up at me.
“Alright, that's enough of trying to get on my good side. What do you need, little sis?” I attempted to make a joke because I was ready to cry. I was nervous about moving and my little sister was the support that would get me through it. I sure loved that little girl.

The ride to our new home did take two days. By the time we got there I was tired of playing games. I needed a good piece of fresh cheese and a field to run around in. Lily slept most of the way. She was a bundle of refreshed energy when the moving truck finally pulled into the driveway of the pastor's new house. 
As I crawled down off the truck, I looked up to see the house. It was nice, but the best part was that it sat right next to an old stone-walled church building. The church had a very high steeple and stained glass windows all around the sides. It was beautiful. The church would be our new home. I couldn't wait to find my own room. Maybe moving wouldn't be so bad. It didn't matter now. I was here and I had better make the best out of it. 
The moving men pulled the boxes from the truck. As they set them on the lawn, Dad, Mom and I would pick up our belongings and move them to the small mouse door in the side of the church building. 
We had stacked up all the boxes under a large bush and sat down for a quick picnic before carrying everything inside. After eating, all four of us walked inside to tour our new home. It was glorious. The sun filtered through the stained glass windows and created  a rainbow of colors across the floor and pews. As the sun shifted positions it painted a new palette of colors everywhere. Lily thought they were a game and that the colors were her new friends. She danced with them like only a tiny, innocent mouse can. Lily jumped from red to blue to green then yellow. It was a wonderful thing to watch. 
“Oh, honey, this is going to be a great home. I hope we can fill the place with lots of dancing, little children,” Mom said to my Dad. Dad stood proudly as if he had built the old church himself. They were happy and Lily was ecstatic. Me? Not so much. I still had to deal with the new Sunday School class and as you know, I hate new Sunday School classes.
Mom and Dad located a wonderful place behind the wall to make our new home sweet home. I picked out my room and Lily picked out hers. We were a little surprised when none of the neighboring mice came out to greet or welcome us. It was lunchtime, though, and maybe they were all having their family meals. Mom and Lily got busy sweeping out the area. Well, Mom swept and Lily pretended to sweep with a tiny little paint brush Dad found in one of the class rooms. He and I scurried down to the outside mouse door to start carrying in our boxes. 
I was on my tenth load up the stairs to our new home when it finally hit me: I was tired. “Dad, I need a break. I am going to take a tour around the outside of the building before I carry up the last load,” I said.
“Meet you upstairs in a few minutes. Be careful, though. Stay close to the building so you don't get lost,” he responded. 
“I am too tired to go too far,” I told him. I started to stroll along the pathway under the shade of the bushes. The breeze was cool and the air was sweet smelling. I got to the back of the building and looked over the church yard to the field behind me. It was filled with corn. Wow, there was so much corn to eat that I would become one big, fat mouse if I didn't watch my diet. I walked over to the field and saw an ear of corn that had already fallen from the stalk. I plucked off a kernel and strolled back towards the building to eat it. 
The first bite put me in taste bud heaven. It was the sweetest, juiciest corn I ever had. Maybe the move to Iowa wasn't so bad after all. I sat munching on the kernel while I relaxed. It was a beautiful day. Mom was happy. Dad was proud and Lily was having a ball. This could be a serene, peaceful and relaxed lifestyle for us all. Then I smelled it. It was a foul and nasty odor.
“Meeoww,” came the sound from behind me. Gulp! This was not going to be a good day, I emphatically decided. 


Chapter 3




“Hello, little mousey,” purred the large, furry, gray cat. His lips were curved in a smile as he licked his tongue across them. “Welcome to my home. Mice around here call me Catsby, the Great Catsby. I don't want to eat you but if you walk your little feet over this way, I wouldn't mind just having a little lick,” the cat said. He grinned bigger. It was a false grin designed to make me believe him but remember, I had been on TV, so I knew a fake smile when I saw one. 
“Sorry, can't do that today. I need to help my family move in,” I slowly rose to my four paws. This was going to take my fastest and surest moves to escape this new, unattractive enemy.
“Oh, I saw your family. Your little sister will make a wonderful appetizer. Now, if I could just have a lick of you then I will know if you need salt and pepper or maybe you will taste delectable just the way you are,” the cat said as it drew back on its haunches. The beast was ready to spring at any second. I wasn't about to wait. I turned and ran for the mouse door in the side of the building. Catsby was on my tail. I mean, really on my tail. His paw slammed down and caught me by the very tip of my long tail. 
“Maybe a lick won't be enough. I worked up a real lunchtime appetite slamming my paw down. You might be just what I need to tide me over until my food bowl is filled up again,” Catsby purred as he moved his head closer to mine. I could smell the fishy, cat food on his breath. I was about to be his lunch when a large  humming bee landed on Catsby nose. Without thinking, he raised his paw to swat it away. In an instant, I was up and running towards the door in the side of the building. Catsby slid to a stop in the dirt by the hole casting pebbles and soil everywhere. I could hear him talking to himself.
“Drat, I finally catch my first mouse and it gets away. I am certainly not much of a real cat. I might just be a dog. 'Woof, woof' is what I should be saying. Now, no mouse will ever call me the Great Catsby.” I waited a few minutes before poking my head out of the hole. Catsby was gone but my last two boxes were still there. I raced out, grabbed them and ran up the stairs. 
“We were wondering what happened to you. Your father was ready to mount a search party,” Mom said with a laugh. She was happy in her new home. They were all happy in our new home. How could I tell them about the big, gray, scary cat? It would only frighten Lily. I decided to keep it to myself until the right moment. 
We all put our belongings away. Mom pulled out the last of the cheese from the trip and we had dinner. It was a modest meal but tomorrow was Sunday, and just like every church there would be donuts, cookies and wonderful, big, extravagant trays filled with yummy cheese and nourishing crackers.
Bedtime came but I was too upset to sleep. I would doze off but dream of nearly getting caught by Catsby. Finally, sleep came but so did the nightmares.

“Welcome, little mice, to your new Sunday School class. I am your new teacher, Mr. Catsby. After our lesson we will have a little snack, or rather, I will have a little snack. Today's Sunday School lesson is about feeding the poor. More exactly, it is about feeding the poor cats. Always remember, it is more blessed to give than to receive,” Catsby purred. “Here is my first question.” I looked around at the other mice. There were more than a dozen of us. 
“The first question is for you, Judachew,” Mr. Catsby said.
“Me? Why me? I am new here and I don't even know what you studied last week. This isn't fair,” I protested but Mr. Catsby wasn't listening. He was busy pulling out a plate, a salt shaker and a pepper shaker. 
“Name every instance where a cat is mentioned in the Bible,” Catsby commanded.
“Cats in the Bible? Who cares about cats in the Bible?” I stated indignantly.
“There is no mention of a cat, at least a house cat, anywhere in the Bible,” came a small voice from behind me. It was Lily. She was probably right. At least, I hoped she was right or I would be the Sunday School snack. 
“Drat!” Catsby muttered. “You are right but don't you agree that there should be cats in the Bible? I propose that we re-write the Bible to have cats everywhere. What do you say, Judachew?”
“That is ridiculous. We can't rewrite the Bible and put cats in it. The Bible is a finished book. We can't add to it and we can't subtract from it,” I said defiantly.
“Drat! Well, then I think the lesson is over. Let's eat!” Catsby said as he leaped for Lily. Without thinking I jumped in front of her, because that's what big brothers do. Catsby scooped me up in his one paw and grabbed my tail with the other. He hung me upside down as I swung back and forth from my tail like a hypnotist's watch. The cat raised me over his upturned head and opened wide his mouth. Catsby lowered me toward his gaping, fang-lined hole. I struggled. I pulled on my tail to free it. I moved closer and closer to his mouth. My first day at a new Sunday School would soon be my last. 
Mr. Catsby let go of me and I fell through the air like a miniature skydiver. The dark black opening of his mouth grew closer and closer. This was it for me. My next stop was Catsby's stomach.

Chapter 4




I could hear yelling in the background. It was my mother's voice. I didn't want her to see her only son leave the world in this way. I covered my ears to muffle her screams.
“Judachew, it is time to get up. How many times do I have to call you. Sunday School is in an hour and you need to look your best. No child of mine is going to Sunday School with a 'bed head' tuft of fur. Now, get up!” Mom scolded.
“Wow, sure Mom. This a great day and that was only a dream. I will be ready but if the teacher is a cat then I am running for it. Agreed?” I told her as I sat up quickly in my bed. 
“Judachew, where do you get your imagination? I talked to the neighbors and they said that a nice mouse guy teaches the class. They said that you will love the lessons, the games and the snacks,” she said.
“I don't want to hang around for snack time, Mom. It is too dangerous,” I told her as I jumped out of bed and started to comb my hair with a broken eyelash brush. 
At breakfast, Lily chattered the whole time. I didn't hear a word she said because all I could think about was how much the other mice won't like me at the new Sunday School class. I looked at my Mom and put on my “I'm too sick to go to Sunday School” face. I didn't even get to open my mouth when she said to me, “Forget it. You are going to Sunday School.”
The time came and we all walked down to the Sunday School area. Adult humans were standing around drinking coffee. I could smell the donuts and that meant we would have something new besides cheese for dinner. The thought of fresh donuts to eat almost made me forget about the horrid event that was about to happen to me. I was ready to ask my Dad a question when he whirled around, put a finger of his paw to his mouth and whispered, “Do not forget, these humans do not know we live here. Their opportunity to worship should not be stopped by our noisy interruption.” Dad was right. I needed to quietly move to my classroom and not bother the humans. I had found that most of them are not friendly towards mice. We are quite lovable when given the chance, at least, I thought so
Without me realizing it, I was standing in front of my classroom. My mother was talking to the Sunday School teacher. I was relieved to see that it wasn't the Great Catsby but another mouse just like us. After their conversation, the teacher, Mr. Dospencer, motioned for me to follow him into the class and had me sit in one of the chairs. All the chairs were around a large thread spool. He introduced me.
“Boy and girls, this is Judachew. He just moved here with his family and will be joining our class. Let's go around in a circle and introduce ourselves.”
“Hi, Judachew. I'm Ethan. It is great to have you in the class. Maybe we can play ball together after the service,” said Ethan, who seemed to be a great guy and would obviously be my friend. So far, it was going okay but that was only one kid.
“I'm John. Where ya from and how did ya get such a silly name?” he asked next. 
“It's a long story. I can tell it later after I meet everyone,” I answered as nicely as I could. One of the girls spoke next.
“I am Carissa and I think we live right next door to you. I watched you move everything into your place. Your little sister is soooo cute. Glad to have you with us,” she said. I could only smile back because she was right, Lily was soooo cute. 
“Well hello, Judachew. I am Ava and I think you are cute. Oops, did I say that out loud?” Ava giggled to herself and the girl next to her, Alida, giggled along with her. Alida was a little shy and didn't want to talk at first then spoke up.
“That was funny Ava. I wish I was as funny as you are. My name is Alida and I hope we can be friends, too.” said Alida through her giggling. 
Isaiah stood up and reached out his paw. “Shake, buddy.  My name is Isaiah, and you and I are going to be great friends. Welcome to Iowa where every day starts with corn and yep, you guessed it, every day ends with corn.”
“I am Elsie,” said the next girl.
“And I am Emily. We are best friends because our names begin with E,” Emily said. 
“If you change your name to begin with an E then you can be part of our best friends club,” Elsie added.
“My name is Xavier and nobody else has a name that starts with an X. Then again, none of us have a name that ends with a sneeze, either. You will like it around here. This a quiet and safe place,” the boy mouse said with a broad smile that stretched across his little mouse face. I could have disagreed with him about it being a safe place upon my recollection of Catsby.
“I'm Izzy and if you ever call me Dizzy Izzy then I may have to tie your tail in a knot,” she said with a seriously mean look on her face before breaking into a laugh. “I'm just kidding but don't ever call me Dizzy Izzy.”
It was Campbell's turn. Her family had built their little house out of Campbell's Soup cans right next to my new home. She tried to talk but she was tongue-tied. Mr. Dospencer decided to help her out. “Campbell, what's the matter? Did the cat get your tongue?”
“Argh, that is the worst thing you could say, Mr. Dospencer. We don't want that cat getting anything of ours,” said Emily.
“I'm okay,” Campbell said. She looked at Judachew with starry eyes and then spoke to him. “I'm Campbell and I live next door and I saw you move in and I think you are cute, too and...”
“It's my turn to speak,” said the last mouse as he jumped up from his seat and onto the table. “I am Rick. All these niceties may make you feel good, but the truth is that none of us will be living here in a few weeks. None of us!” The others looked at him in shock as he continued. “I heard the grown-ups talking and they said that some guy called Bishop something or other is planning to merge our little church with a bigger one and sell this building. In two weeks we will all be homeless,” Rick yelled.

Chapter 5




The little, mouse children drew in breaths of shock. Two of the girls began to cry and even one of the boys. Carissa was very upset and said, “What about my room? What about my toys? What about my large wardrobe of clothes? What about my little sisters and brothers and all their stuff? Will my parents have to give us up for adoption?” She was ready to cry when her father appeared at the door to the classroom. 
“No, my little Carissa. Our family will stay together, no matter what. I just wanted to tell you that the humans are having a meeting to discuss the church closing right after a luncheon. All our families will meet in the great pantry room for lunch then head up to the balcony to listen to Bishop Potentate. After we hear what he has to say, the adult mice will have a meeting to discuss our options. We can't get upset until we know exactly what is happening,” Carissa's father told us. 
I looked around at all my new friends and felt bad for them. This had been their home all their lives. None of them were experienced at moving like I had become. They needed someone's help. They needed a miracle like the one we had on Christmas Eve just a few years ago in New York. It may not be Christmas time but I knew that God could be trusted to do the best for all of us. God is still in the miracle business, as I was a true example of that. God is in control twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week and three-hundred sixty-five days a year. 
The class was quiet for the rest of the morning. Even the luncheon in the great pantry room had a hush that hung over it. The mom and dad mice talked very quietly to each other in small groups. I was sure they didn't want to upset their children by talks of moving. The little mice were not in the mood to play games or even to talk. I sat quietly next to Campbell for most of the meal. When dessert came, she turned to me and talked.
“I think I know who you are.” she said.
“I'm not any mouse special. Just a little rodent who has moved far from his home, and is looking to make lots of new friends. I would like this to be my new home. I really like all the others in the class.” I tried to change the topic because I didn't want to be anything but a good friend to the others. “Can't wait to see what the Bishop has to say. Maybe he already has a plan to save the building and the church,” I told her with as much hope as I could muster in my voice. 
Xavier's Mom announced that we needed to clean up and head for the balcony. It was time to hear what Bishop Potentate had to say. Once we were all settled along the railing that overlooked the sanctuary, we quietly waited for the Bishop to walk to the lectern. I looked at John who was next to me. His face was sad. I knew they were all scared but we needed to hear what the real story was. No one had to shush us or tell us to be quiet. We were as worried as our parents.
Bishop Potentate got up from the large, high backed, red velvet chair that sat at the front of the church. It had his name carved at the very top. I found out later that he took it everywhere he went. This chair was the only chair he would sit in. Four grown human men had to carry it in and out of a large truck that had the words The Most Holy Reverend Doctor Bishop Potentate painted in fourteen carat gold across the side. 
“Ladies and gentlemen of the congregation of Second Community Church of this great town, I will dispense with the opening prayer because this congregation does not have a prayer of a chance of saving your building. Two years ago your pastor retired, and since then you have done nothing to bring in new people. In fact some people left. They were upset that I used the money that would go to a new pastor to have this beautiful chair, a symbol of my superior importance, built for my travels. They were upset that I would buy a used truck to haul it from location to location. They thought the money should have gone to the ministry here or at to missionaries. Rubbish, I say. That kind of thinking is what has gotten you into this financial mess. 
“As you know, I have done my best and allowed Pastor LeClaire from First Community Church to hold services for you. He did that without pay because he knew how important this chair is to the good people of this church and to the surrounding community. Pastor LeClaire is aging and can no longer minister to both congregations. He was ninety-nine on his last birthday and I feel it is best to have him concentrate on only one congregation, while working full-time as my secretary. He is overworked and underpaid. I like it that way.
“The good news, which I am sure you are all waiting for, is that I plan to sell your building to a man who lives nearby. He wants to open up a cat hotel for his hundreds of feline friends.” An audible gasp went up from the rows and rows of mice along the balcony railing. The Bishop must have heard it for a twisted grin grew across his face before he spoke again.
“Why is that good news?” the Bishop continued. “It is good news because the sale of this building will allow me to buy a new, bigger truck and to have lights installed on my chair. Can you imagine how that will impress all those horrible sinners who don't go to church? That will put the fear of God into their souls. You see, I don't use your money for me. This chair isn't for me. That truck isn't for me. The new, luxury limousine isn't for me. They are to show the world the way to God. 
“You should be thankful that I try my best to do everything for you, a very pitiful congregation. I don't ask for much when I sacrifice this way for all of you. I do it because that is the way I am. I never think of myself. I only think of you, my dear, pitiful congregation. 
“And so, with all that said, I announce that this building will be closed and two weeks from today will be your last service. Unless you can come up with the necessary money to buy this building and keep it open yourselves. In fact, to show you how much I love all of you, I would sell you your own building for only 110% of the amount that the cat hotel man was going to pay. Now, that's a deal, if you ask me.
“There will be no closing prayer, either. Since, as I said before in my amazingly snarky yet loving way, you have no prayer of a chance.” The Bishop ended and sat down. 
I looked down at the few members of the congregation. They were stunned and shocked. One very nice, older woman looked around and said, “How do we come up with that kind of money? We are small and poor. The Bishop certainly has us in a real pickle.”
“I guess we just have to give up. I used to believe in miracles but the Bishop tells us that the miracles in the Bible were only fairy tales and not true. It is now to a point that I don't know what to believe. When they close this church, I may not even go to church anymore. Besides, I don't think that the best use of the funds from selling this church, should be to buy him a new truck. All this is so depressing. I think I will just go home and take a nap. If someone comes up with a way to save the church then I will work my head off. If not, I am done working so that Bishop Potentate can sit in a big chair and drive around in a luxury limousine,” said the woman next to her in a loud angry voice. I could see heads bobbing up and down in agreement as they heard her.
I thought her loud words might anger the Bishop but instead I saw him smile as he walked beneath my perch in the balcony. He said to himself, “Good, my plan is working.” What kind of plan did he have? Did he want the church to close and sell? That was mean and that wasn't what a church should be doing. I turned to Campbell who sat on the other side of me.
“I know how we can save the church and I have plan,” I told her but suddenly there was a loud noise behind us. All the mice scurried for the holes in the wall. I heard a sinister purring and turned in enough time to see the Great Catsby picking up Lily by her tail.

Chapter 7




“NO!” I yelled with my loud, human voice. I charged at Catsby at full speed, and leaped into the air with both fists in front of me. I was headed for his nose. This should hurt him, and me as well, but that didn't matter because protecting my sister was my assignment from my mother and father. I would fulfill that duty no matter what it did to me. 
Catsby let out a pained meow as my tiny mouse frame smacked hard against his nose. He dropped Lily. Dad was there to catch her. He handed her to Mom and she ran faster than I have ever seen her run before. After hitting Catsby's nose, I toppled to the floor at my Dad's feet. He looked down at me, grabbed my arm, picking me up off the floor and said through a proud smile, “Jumpin' Jehosaphat, you are certainly a chip off the old block, my boy. Now, let's get out of here.” I was ready to run when I glanced behind me. Campbell was still on the railing. Catsby saw her, too and was licking his lips. Being a hero once was just a reaction. Being a hero twice could put me on the cat's dinner plate. Campbell was in trouble. I needed to save her and that was all I was thinking about. I pulled away from my father and raced on all fours towards my new friend. The cat leaped towards her at the same time I jumped.  Would I reach Campbell first or would his powerful jaws snapped shut on her?
My tiny frame arrived first but I realized that I had not thought this through. As I got to Campbell, there was no place for us to go but over the railing. I would save her from the cat just so we could both tumble out of the balcony and crash on the pews below us. I grabbed her around the waist as I passed in the air. We were still flying out over the pews down below when I saw it. There, on the wall. was an old speaker box with a loose wire that hung at the bottom. If I could keep us flying long enough, I could grab the wire while holding on to Campbell. The two of us could safely crawl to the floor and be gone in another minute before Catsby could get to us or the humans could see us. 
Campbell's eyes were wide with fear as I stretched out my little paw to catch the wire. Could I do it? Could I reach it? I was inches away and we were still flying. I snatched hold of the wire and both of us came to a swinging stop. “Climb down, Campbell, then get to the wall fast before the human's see you.” She whispered a thank you then ran down the wire and into a wall hole. As I watched her I saw the Great Catsby come hurtling over the railing into the airspace above me. I expected to hear him splat on the floor below giving me more than enough time to escape. 
I looked down to see the cat waiting for me. He looked up and sneered said, “Did you forget that cats always land on their feet? Now, you will be my after lunch snack instead of your little sister.” I froze on the wire above. I couldn't go down and there was nowhere to go if I went up. I needed a new way out and I needed it quickly.
The Bishop had stepped back into the sanctuary to oversee the moving of his great, red velvet chair. He was barking orders as he placed his high pointy, Bishop hat on his head. Inside the hat was a silk-lined pillow between the terribly high peaks. I had an idea. I pushed myself off the wall and started to swing like Tarzan from the old books I read. I kept swinging until I was over the hat then I let go. A moment later I dropped onto the cushion inside the hat. 
“Drat!” I heard the Great Catsby say. I couldn't see the cat but I knew that he was smart enough not to cross the mean, old Bishop. 
The Bishop spoke, “Hello there, little kitty. Have you come to see your new home? Or maybe you would like to see my beautiful truck with my name painted in large letters, with real gold paint, on the side of my truck? Or maybe you just want to come sit on the expensive leather seats in my large, luxury limousine? What do want Mr. Puddy-tat?”
I peaked over the edge of the hat to see Catsby purring like a sweet little kitty as he rubbed his furry body along the Bishops long, colorful robe. My plan had been a good one but it looked like Catsby had a better one. He would get the Bishop to take him home and he would just wait until I had to come out of the hat. Once I was out of the hat then I would be Catsby's dinner. 
As the Bishop strode out of the building, Catsby followed him with a warm, playful, high stepping prance. The cat was putting on a show. It was a great acting performance by the Great Catsby. I needed to escape just as soon as I could.
The Bishop's chauffeur opened the door for the man of great self-importance and extended a hand towards the Bishop's hat. Catsby jumped inside the limo's large, soft leather back seat. I saw my chance and I took it. I projected out of the hat, slid along the roof, down the back window and off the car. Catsby stared at me as I slid down the window sticking my mouse tongue out at him. His mouth was open and I could almost hear him say, “Drat!”
By the time the cat was able to crawl out of the car from around the rotund Bishop, I was already back inside and heading towards my home in the wall. I walked in my front door to see my father holding my mother in his paws. She was crying until her little mouse tears had soaked the floor beneath her. Lily was laying at her feet completely lifeless, and Dad was patting her comfortingly on the back. Something was wrong. Was it Lily? Was she...?

Chapter 8




“What's wrong?” I yelled.
Without turning to see who spoke, my Mom said, “My baby is gone,” She started wailing so loud that I could barely get a word out of my mouth.
“What happened? How did it happen?” I asked as I walked toward the three of them. I couldn't believe that my baby sister had gone from this life to the next. The thought was unbearable.
“The cat ate my son, Judachew,” she wailed even louder. I had to get her attention. I yelled as loud as I could.
“Mom, it is me, Judachew. The cat didn't eat me. I am right here. I am alive. Look, not even a disgusting, cat slobber anywhere on me.”
Lily jumped up from the floor and raced to my leg and hugged so tight that she cut off the circulation to my head. Mom and Dad spun around and stared at me. 
“You gave your mother quite a scare, young mouse. You need to stop all these heroics,” he scolded but I knew from the look on his face that he was a proud papa mouse.
“Me, a hero? What about you, Dad? We raced out there to save Lily together. I guess the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree. Besides, I was doing as you both instructed me. I protected Lily,” I told them with a big grin on my face. Lily continued to grip my leg like an iron vise. I reached down, picked her up and kissed all over her face. “I am so glad that you are unharmed. We have to be more careful around the Great Catsby. He is not a nice cat.”
“Jude, you and Daddy saved me. You are my heroes,” she said with a smile on her lips and tears  in her eyes. 
“I will always protect you, little sis. That's what big brothers do.” I placed her back on the floor and she hugged my leg again. My mother dried her tears and hugged me like she had not hugged me ever before, but my Dad wanted to hear the whole story. I told it as my back was to the door. When I finished telling all the details about the hat and the limousine, I heard clapping coming from behind me. All the other mouse families had quietly moved into our home, surrounded the walls and filled in the doorway and hallway. 
Campbell's father was the first to speak. “I cannot express my gratitude enough. I have brought you my prized possession.” He held out a small piece of tin foil wrapped around what appeared to be a large slice of cheese. “This is a delicious piece of Limburger cheese. I have been saving it for the right time. I thought I would eat it alone but now I want to share it with you. You are quite the hero.”
“I'm no hero,” I stated. I was embarrassed by the way people were looking at me.
“You're my hero,” said Campbell. “That was a close call but I have to admit that this has been the most exciting Sunday I ever had. It was fun but the hero stuff is over” she said then turned serious. “You told me you had a plan to save the church building. We all want to hear that plan.”
Ethan pushed his way to the front of the crowd and spoke, “Whatever the plan is, I am with my new best friend all the way. Whatever he says, I already agree with it.” Xavier, John and Isaiah crept up behind him. They said in unison, “Yep, we guys all stick together. Whatever plan our new best friend has then we are for it.”
I looked around as the room hushed then started to explain my idea, “Back in New York, we had  to save the pastor's job. One of the little human girls and I decided to sing the Christmas Carol that the pastor's wife sang every year before she became ill. It was a big hit and we saved the church and the pastor's job. I think we can save this church by holding a special concert, invite the neighbors and ask for donations.”
“That is so ridiculous,” said Emily's dad. Soon the whole room was laughing. 
“Wait a second, everyone. There is a singing mouse out there. I saw him on TV one night. If we can just find out who that mouse is and contact him to come here then the idea might work. I just can't remember his name,” Ava stated.
Elsie and Emily spoke up next. “I have his poster on my wall,” said Emily. 
“Me, too,” said Elsie.
“What's his name, girls?” asked Ava. 
“Judachew,” they said in unison.
“The same name as my new best friend,” said Xavier.
“That is a coincidence, is it not?” added Izzy, who was never to be called Dizzy Izzy.
“Where do we find this Judachew, the singing mouse?” quizzed Izzy's father.
“I told you that I knew who you were,” Campbell said quietly to me. She then turned to the others and held up her hands to get their attention. “Fellow mice of Second Community Church, I present to you, none other than, Judachew the Singing Mouse. Star of stage and television, if I am not mistaken.”
“Campbell is right. I do have a special gift and I want to use it to save our new home. I hate new Sunday School classes so I am going to do everything I can so I don't have to go through this again. I am not sure how we can go about it. I think we can successfully hold a concert two weeks from last night,” I said.
Alida was jumping up and down waving her hand in the air. “That is perfect. That is also the Corn Harvest Festival that weekend. People come back to our little town from all over the country. They are always looking for something fun to do. This idea is really going to work. I want to be an usher,” she said with so much excitement in her voice that it started to spread to all the mouse families.
Ava, Elsie and Emily all said they wanted to usher as well but Ethan was excited for another reason when he spoke, “Oh, mouse, oh mouse, oh mouse, that is the best time of the year. The humans make corn fritters, corn dogs, corn poppers, corn chowder, corn on the cob...”
“Okay, Ethan, we get it. There are lots of corn foods to eat,” Campbell interrupted. 
“Corn bread, corn chili, grilled corn...” he added as if she never interrupted him.
Campbell tried again, “Okay, okay. We get it. There will be corn everything. What we need to do now is make plans to have a great, super duper, fantastic concert. Judachew, what do we need to do?”
 “We need posters, a piano player and lots of other things. I haven't thought it all through with the Great Catsby trying his hardest to eat me. Does anyone have a suggestion as to whom of the humans would help us?” I questioned.
It was Ethan's mom that stepped forward this time. “I think we would all agree that Deacon Bob Leever seems to be their leader. He and his wife, Bee, are constantly at the church and they could be the ones we need to contact. I just don't know how.”
“I do,” said Campbell. Mrs. Leever is also the pianist for the church. She's been teaching her granddaughter, Faith Ann, the piano on Monday afternoons. I always go and listen to her practice and she knows I am there. Faith Ann leaves me a bit of her cookie. One time she even smiled at me. I think she is wonderful and beautiful, and I believe she will be the person that we need to make this all work.”
“Then tomorrow afternoon Campbell and I go to meet Faith Ann. In the meantime, we need your best artist to draw a poster.” My classmate Isaiah stepped forward. 
“I guess that would be me, Judachew. Could you sit for a portrait tomorrow morning? I will do my best to make the most interesting poster possible but how do we make copies of it?” Isaiah asked.
Isaiah's dad moved up behind him. “When I was a kid, I grew up in a print shop. I have watched humans use copiers for a long time. It is just a matter of getting the original drawing in place and then jumping up and down on the big green button. We can do it, but I will need the help of a lot of us to lift the top, and to get paper in the machine. We will prepare the machine in the church office to start copying right after Isaiah finishes the poster.”
“I will not stand for this,” yelled out the oldest mouse in the group, Mr. Longsnout. “If God intended for mice to sing, he would have given them wings.”
“The phrase is: if God intended mice to fly, he would have given them wings,” said his daughter who was also Campbell's mom. 
“Well, let's get moving then. Why are you all standing around when there is work to do,” commanded old Mr. Longsnout.

Chapter 9




The next morning came quickly after a good nights sleep. I was more tired than I thought. Being chased by the Great Catsby had worn me out. My mother made us a filling breakfast from the food we gathered after the luncheon the day before. Lily begged to come with Campbell and me to meet Faith Ann. At first, I said no, but then thought if any mouse could win the heart of a human, it would be cute, little Lily. She would be my ace in the hole. 
When I arrived at Isaiah's house, he already had a sheet of paper tacked to the wall, and a mixture of pens and short pencils scattered around him. On his head he wore a small, blue beret. “What's with the hat?” I asked.
“Every great artist wears a blue beret, well at least, a beret. If I am going to paint my masterpiece then I want to look the part. It also keeps this long tuft of fur out of my eyes,” he said pointing to the long pouf of fuzz between his ears.
After an hour, I was getting restless and started to fidget. I now knew what the mouse in the famous painting, “Mousa Lisa” felt like. “Can we take a break for a minute? My left leg is starting to cramp,” I asked.
“Oh, sure. That's a good idea. My Mom was making us some lemonade. Maybe it is ready. I could go for a cold one right about now,” Isaiah said as he walked out of the room. I stood and stretched to my full five inch height. I was still growing and hoped I would be as tall as my Dad. As I moved my front legs about in circles to get the circulation back in them, I strolled over to the painting. I was surprised. Isaiah was a really good artist. His likeness of me was very close. This poster would be an excellent way to advertise our concert. I was beginning to think that we really could save the church. The meeting with Faith Ann would be the most important moment for our plan. I was glad I decided to take Lily along. How could anyone resist a cute, little mouse with brown eyes so big that you can't wait to stare into them.
After the lemonade break, Isaiah put the finishing touches on the drawing. We paw bumped as he told me that he would put the time and place information on the poster and have it ready for the work crew that would copy it. I wanted to watch how it was done. It would be difficult but a group of mice can always come up with a way to get a task completed.
Upon returning home, I followed my mother into the front door. “Were you out making friends, Mom?” I asked.
“Judachew, I joined the other woman in their Women's Auxiliary Basket Weaving Circle. They've been weaving baskets for months to get ready for the Corn Harvest. After the farmers detassel and harvest the corn, then there is an abundant amount on the ground for us mice to pick up. All the families bring it back to the church and store it for the winter. I am truly enjoying the sense of community in this little village of mice. Now, what can I get you to eat? I want to make sure you have your strength for your meeting with Faith Ann,” Mom told me.
“You know, Mom. Our pastor always said that God has everything in His control and that God can be trusted. I am starting to see how  moving to Iowa was part of God's plan. I still hate new Sunday School classes but this one doesn't feel new anymore. I feel like we are all a part of God's big plan,” I remarked as I sat on my little chair. Just then Dad walked in with Lily.
“Did you enjoy the park, Lily?” my mother asked.
“Not really. There are cats all over this town and these are not friendly cats. Dad and I had to stay in the bushes and I never got on one swing,” she told us in a very disappointed voice. 
“I will make you a nice lunch and that will help,” Mom said as she leaned over and kissed the top of Lily's head.
Lily looked at me and said, “I am still going with you to meet the little human girl, aren't I? I have been waiting for a million years to do that.”
“You've only been waiting for a few hours, Lily,” I reminded her.
“Is a few hours almost the same as a million years?” she asked. Little mice don't have the same sense of time that we grown-up, at least almost grown-up, mice have. 
“I guess so, little sis. Both are a long time. Yes, you are going. I need your help this time. You will be my hero this afternoon,” I told her with a big grin.
“Did you hear that, Dad and Mom? I get to be Judachew's hero today. This is going to the best day of all my born years. I will be the hero,” Lily said as she dug into a plate of delicious crumbs. 
With lunch done, the dishes washed and put away, Lily and I walked next door to Campbell's house, with all the soup cans, and knocked on the little door. “Are you ready to go?” 
“I just have to brush my fur and I will be right with you,” Campbell said as Lily and I sat down to wait. Lily was growing impatient. 
“Is this going to take a million years, Judachew? Will I have to brush my fur before going out or will Mommy always do it for me?
I didn't get a chance to answer as Campbell stepped out of her room. She announced that she was ready. The three of us headed down the hall. As we turned the corner, I saw something I did not like. The Great Catsby had stuck his long paw with his razor-like claws on the end into the mouse hole in the wall. He was feeling as far in as he could reach in hopes of finding a little mouse snack.
Campbell looked at me with sad eyes and said, “This is the only way to the choir room where Faith Ann practices her piano. Now, we won't meet her and our families will lose their homes. What are we going to do?”
I thought for a minute, then cautiously approached Catsby's big, hairy paw. I looked around for an idea. There was nothing. Then I saw it!

Chapter 10




Along the wall, under a separated, floor plank, was exactly what I wanted. It was a set and never sprung mouse trap. Although it scared me to handle such a horrible weapon of mouse destruction, I knew this had to be done if we were going to save the church. I placed my little body behind it and shoved. It didn't move. I pushed again and I saw the trigger on the trap jiggle. I needed to be more careful because one wrong spring of that trap could send me to the great mouse heaven. 
I looked around again and saw that the trap was blocked by an old, uneaten, piece of corn. I guess that is the way it is in Iowa. There is corn everywhere. I kicked the corn out of the way and tried pushing the mouse trap again. This time it slid easily. I got the weapon near the claws of the Great Catsby and lined it up. He was moving his paw three grabs to the left then three grabs to the right. I waited. One grab to the left. Two grabs to the left. Three grabs to the left. One grab back to the right. Two grabs back to the right. I yelled to Campbell and Lily, “Be ready to run because this will be one very mad cat in exactly one second.”
On the third grab to the right, I slid the trap under his paw. Snap! As we ran, we heard Catsby meowing and whining loudly. His final word as he ran out of the room and away from the hole was “Drat!”

The three of us stopped at a hole that led into the choir room to listen for Faith Ann playing and to compose ourselves. Campbell tapped me on the shoulder and asked, “Do I look alright?” She was patting down her blondish tuft of fur between her ears.
“Ah, yeah. You look great,” I said without even glancing at her.
“Do you really think so?” she asked with a smile beaming across her face.
I looked over at Lily. She was rolling her eyes. I turned back to Campbell, “Yeah, now go in the room so we can meet this girl.” After Campbell went in, Lily came up and punched me in the side and said, “You big, dummy.” I didn't get it. I didn't get it at all. Girl mice can be so confusing.
As Campbell walked in, Faith Ann quit playing. She never looked down but said, “I know you are there. Anything you would like to hear?” Campbell tried to answer but her squeaks made no sense to a human ear, but I saw this as my opportunity. 
“Do you know 'How Great Thou Art'?” I said loud enough for her to hear me. Faith Ann nearly jumped off the stool.
“Who is talking to me? Where did that come from? I must be going crazy,” she said. I rushed out to where the girl could see me, pushing my little sister in front of me. How could she resists two cute girls and a talking mouse. Faith Ann was looking all around the room when I spoke again.
“Faith Ann, down here. My name is Judachew, the singing mouse. This is Campbell, my friend, and this beautiful, cute little mouse is my sister, Lily. We need to talk to you.”
“Judachew, I saw you on TV but I thought you were a cartoon or an animation. I never dreamed you were real. Let me catch my breath for a moment,” she said before pausing and breathing in a few sucks of air to calm herself. “Alright now, I think I am fine but no one I know is going to believe me. I don't believe me. I am talking to three mice. I am talking to two very cute mice and one mouse that speaks and sings. What can I do for you, my three mouse friends?”
“We have an idea that might save the church,” I said.
“My grandfather is the one who needs to hear that,” she exclaimed.
“We know but you are the only one who can get him to listen. I want to present a concert, on the Saturday night during the Corn Harvest Festival. I will explain to everyone that we are trying to save the church from Bishop Potentate's plan to sell it. We think we can get enough donations to save the building,” I told her. 
“I still can't believe I am talking to you but I have to admit that your idea is a great one. Count me in. What do I need to do?” Faith Ann said as she sat back down on the piano bench.
“Please get your grandfather to listen to me and we need your grandmother to play piano for the concert. Do you think you can do that?” I pleaded.
“Nana will be no problem but Papa is a little hard-headed. The way to get him to agree is to convince him we can save the church and stop the Bishop. He is not very happy with the Bishop. I will talk to Nana in a few minutes. She will figure out how to talk to Papa. She's handled him for a long time. Can you meet me tomorrow at this time in this room? I will bring Nana to meet you,” Faith Ann told us. Campbell and Lily were jumping up and down with joy. I wanted to do the same but needed to appear to be a serious mouse doing serious business. 
“We can do that. Now, how about you playing that song so I can sing.” Once Faith Ann and I finished our duet, she continued to practice while the three of us ran back to our group of mouse homes to give everyone the good news. 
When we arrived everyone was in a big circle staring down at something on the floor. My first thought was that the Great Catsby had decided to pay me back and one of our own mice was laying on the floor. I raced up to the crowd yelling, “What happened? Who did Catsby get this time?”

Chapter 11




I frantically pushed my way through the crowd of mice. My actions against the Great Catsby had caused another tragedy. Whoever it was, it was my fault. I would stand up and take the blame for it. Once I cleared the front person from the crowd, I came to screeching halt. I stared down at me looking up at me. Isaiah had finished the poster and it was stupendous. “Wow!” was all I could say.
Lily poked her head between my legs and squeaked, “The picture looks like you, Judachew. Only he is good looking!” Then she laughed. The mouse next to me laughed. The one next that mouse laughed and it soon caught on. All the mice were laughing at her joke. I gave her ear a tug, and she twisted her head to look up at me. Those big brown eyes always melted my heart. “Sorry, big brother, I couldn't resist kidding you a little bit.”
Isaiah looked at me and said, “Do you like it?”
“Like it? I love it! This is going to make people come to the concert just to get copies of the program we hand out,” I said.
“You mean I have to look at that goofy face again to draw a program?” Everyone laughed again before Izzy's dad held up his hands to hush everyone and spoke.
“What happened with Faith Ann? Is she going to help?”
“She was every bit as nice as Campbell said she was. She will talk to her grandmother and the two of them are meeting us tomorrow afternoon. If Mrs. Leever likes the idea then she will get Bob Leever to approve it. After that it is nothing but hard work. Is everyone ready for some hard work that will save our homes?” I called out. 
Carissa's father spoke up next. “As you all know, this coming Saturday is the Great Corn Harvest for us mice. The farmers will finish on Friday night so the fields will be filled with corn. As you all know, this reminds me of the Bible story where Boaz, the owner of the farm, allowed Ruth to glean from the fields all that the harvesters left behind. On Saturday, Project Ruth begins. The Women's Auxiliary Basket Weaving Circle has the baskets ready. We will begin at sunrise and glean until sunset. Pray for good weather and the absence of you know what.”
“Cats!” the crowd of mice yelled together.
“Which reminds me, does anyone know why the Great Catsby was running around meowing like he got his paw caught in a trap?” Carissa's father questioned.
“Yeah, he got his paw caught in a trap,” Campbell said. “He was reaching into the hole on the path to the choir room and Judachew pushed that old trap close to him. I don't think he will try that again.”
“Three cheers for Judachew,” called out Carissa.

The day went fast as we all worked hard to prepare for Project Ruth, as the church mice called it. In New York we didn't have a corn harvest in our little village. Here in Iowa it was a rite of passage for every small, medium and large mouse in our church building. A few of the older boy mice had great reputations as top harvesters. They could glean a few hundred baskets in a single day. This was foreign to me as a city mouse, but I would soon look up to the older boys as great providers for our community. 
That evening we gathered for a time of singing. I learned some new songs and did a solo or two of my favorite songs. Everyone wanted to hear the song I sang on TV and I was more than happy to fulfill that request. Towards the end, I looked over and saw my sister, Lily, asleep in Mother's arms. Dad quietly picked her up and carried her into the house. I knew she would sleep well for tomorrow she would once again accompany us to meet with Faith Ann and Mrs. Leever. 
Once all the lights were out and not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse, I laid in my bed thinking. Could we save the church? I had given everyone hope but hope wasn't enough. I needed to sing my heart out so that people would donate to the fund. I knew there was one thing missing from my plan but I wasn't sure what it was. Tomorrow was another day and I was sure that missing piece would come to some mouse's mind. I said my prayers and fell asleep.
I awoke to the sound of my mother singing in the kitchen. I hadn't heard her do that for weeks and weeks. She was feeling very much at home. It was a wonderful feeling to grow up in a home so filled with love. I felt a tug at my blanket. It was Lily standing next to me rubbing the sleep from her eyes. 
“I fell asleep at the singing party last night. Did I miss anything?” she asked.
“No, kiddo. It seems that every other mouse got tired after you. We broke up the fun and every good little boy and girl mouse went to bed. Are you ready to meet Mrs. Leever today?” 
“Yeah, I was thinking that I should wear that nice, little pink bow in my tuft of fur. What do you think?” she asked through a morning yawn.
“Great idea. Remember, your sweetness is what is going to get this concert on the road,” I told her as I swung my feet out of bed and touched the floor. 
“Judachew, don't be so dumb about Campbell,” she added as I passed by her for the door.
“What are you talking about?” I argued. Girl mice could be very confusing, even little, tiny girl mice.
She let out a big sigh and said, “Never mind. You'll never get it.”

The afternoon rendezvous with Faith Ann and her grandmother came quickly. I had spent the morning with Isaiah working on the program for the concert. I had great hopes that Mrs. Leever would join us in our plan to save the church. Our walk to the choir room was uneventful this time. There was no cat paw in the way, no trap to set off and happily, no drama. When we got to the hole, Faith Ann was already playing “How Great Thou Art.” I took that as my cue to enter singing. 
The three of us walked in and I looked up. I was shocked and stunned. There was Faith Ann at the piano, Mrs. Leever was sitting next to her on the bench and in the folding chairs sat three older men. Campbell whispered to me that one of them was Bob Leever. I continued to sing and when I finished the first verse, the three men clapped. That was a good sign.
“My little mice friends, I can see that my wife and granddaughter were telling me the truth. You are real and to be more honest, I like your idea and your bravery. It takes a lot of courage to come out from behind that wall and show yourself to us. I want to hear your plans and that is why I brought along the Deacon board. If we like what we hear then we will okay it right here and now,” Bob Leever said.
Mrs. Bee Leever crouched down in front of us and asked me who my friends were. I introduced Campbell and Lily. Mrs. Leever placed her hand near Lily and asked her to jump on. She talked to her as she raised my sister up and onto the back of the upright piano. “You are the cutest little thing. I want you to sit up here by Faith Ann and me. Would you like a piece of cookie?” Lily nodded her head up and down enthusiastically. So far, this meeting was moving along quite well. 
I stood in front of the three Deacons and explained how we had just moved here with our Pastor and his wife, and how much I hated new Sunday School classes. I think the three men were surprised to hear about the mouse Sunday School class that took place at the same time as their classes. I told them about Catsby and then I explained about the concert. 
“Judachew, I have been in this church from the time I was a newborn baby,” Bob Leever said with a smile on his face. “My mother had been in this church since she was a baby, and her Dad helped to build this very building. I do not like the Bishop's plan to sell it, but we all knew that we did not have the money to save the property. I sat up the last few nights praying that God would provide a way to save our building. I do believe that God has answered my prayers. I vote to give this concert a chance to save the church we all love and sacrificed for.” The other two Deacons nodded their heads yes.
Mrs. Leever turned to me and spoke, “Faith Ann said that you need a piano player. Sign us both up for that. We will do everything we can and I will get the Ladies Auxiliary to make anything else you need and prepare refreshments for after the concert. They will all be made from corn, of course, since it is the Great Corn Harvest Festival that day.”
Campbell jumped up and down with excitement yelling, “We are going to save our church!” Faith Ann looked at me and said, “Judachew, this is very strange but I think I hear her saying 'We are going to save our church.' Is that possible? Is she a singing mouse, as well?”
“It is my understanding that when people have faith and hope then miracles happen,” I told Faith Ann. “I think you now have faith and hope and soon the whole church will have it.”

Chapter 12




The next few days were filled with activity for both the human and mouse church members. We had to prepare for both the gleaning and the concert. Faith Ann, Mrs. Leever and I spent hours picking out songs for the concert. Faith Ann had some great ideas for costumes and thought maybe some of the mice from my Sunday School class would enjoy being in the show. We decided to have them do a dance number while I sang. 
Ethan was the only one who didn't agree to it. It wasn't that he was disagreeing with it, he was just too busy listing out foods that were made with corn.
I asked him and his answer was, “Corn salsa, corn mush, corn chowder, corn casserole, corn...”
I stopped practice long enough to watch the mice make copies of the poster. It was very ingenious how they hoisted up the lid of the copier with a string and pulley system. Four of them scurried across the glass, slipping on the smooth surface, falling, then standing again until they got the poster in the correct place. Elsie got the job of jumping up and down on the green button. Copies of the poster spit out of the machine. As they did, four of the mice rolled it up and handed a copy off to those who were going to post them. 
Holding the two top ends, two mice would run up a telephone pole while another carried chewed off strips of tape to each corner. Before the day was finished, our little mouse brigade had covered the small Iowa town with one hundred announcements for the Corn Harvest Festival Concert starring me, the singing mouse. By evening I could hear the kind villagers talking about it as they strolled by the church building. If everyone who said they wanted to come arrived for the concert then it would be standing room only.
The next day was a beautiful Indian summer afternoon. My Sunday School class decided to gather under the green, leafy, big bush in the front of the church building. We watched humans walk by chattering about the harvest work they were doing. Several of the teens were walking slowly after working long days in the corn fields detasseling the corn. I laughed at that and asked Izzy, never to be called Dizzy Izzy, what detasseling was. 
“You city boys don't know much, do you?” she said. “The tassel is the top of the corn stalk. It is like a flower. The teens go out in the fields, pull off the tassels and throw them on the ground.”
“Why do they throw them away like that after doing all that work to pull them off? It doesn't sound real smart to me,” I retorted.
“They do it so the pollen from one type of corn will pollinate the seeds from another type of corn and create a healthier and better tasting corn. They didn't teach you that type of thing back in New York?” Izzy questioned. I shook my head no but was stopped in mid-motion by the sight of a large, luxury limousine as it pulled in front of the church. 
The Bishop struggled to get his body out of the car while wearing his large, tall pointy hat. He stumbled as he exited the car but a hand reached down and steadied him. It was the man who owned all the cats. He roughly dragged the Bishop over to the poster for our concert that was taped to the pole in front of us.
“How do you explain this, you little weasel. You already have my down-payment and from the looks of that big, new pointy hat, you spent most of it already. What are you going to do about this? My cats are ready to move in and now those wretched, fuzzy mice are doing a concert to save the building. Who gave them permission to do this in my building?” the cat man growled.
“Technically, the church members still have possession of the building. I don't think a concert with a stupid mouse is going to stop our plans. I have been thinking about this problem as my chauffeur drove me over here. I believe there is a way to turn this whole concert into a Great Corn Festival Fiasco. I believe you are in possession of large number of cats. Am I correct?” the Bishop said.
As he said the word cat, the Great Catsby strolled up slowly and silently behind his master. He listened intently while the Bishop continued his plan. “What do you think would happen if a hundred cats showed up for a mouse buffet? There would be mice of every size. Thin ones, chubby ones and of course, this singing one would be there just ready to be caught and eaten. Can you take care of that? Can you get your legion of felines to come to a room full of delicious, delectable mice?”
Emily gasped. Her sound reached Catsby's ears. He quickly swiveled his head and looked straight at me. The cat flashed a large grin so I could see his sharp teeth, then he drew a fat, bruised and swollen talon across his neck. He was indicating that the concert would be my last day on this planet. 

Chapter 13




The cat man rubbed his stubbly chin. His ice cold, blue eyes looked hard at Catsby and then he turned his face back to the Bishop and spoke. “I have an additional idea. According to some of my cats, the mice spend this coming Saturday gleaning the fields after the harvest. They run back and forth across the church's back lawn all day long. The cats can leisurely snatch up a mouse every few minutes until their little cat bellies are stuffed full of mouse goodness.” Catsby's smile grew even larger as he heard this.
“That sounds like indescribable fun and a grand show to watch. If I wasn't out trying to steal another church building to sell, then I would love to come and observe, while sitting in my big, red velvet chair with a bowl of popcorn. Let me know how that works out. If it doesn't then put my plan into action. You'll have your new cat hotel the following Sunday,” the Bishop said as he slithered back towards his luxury limousine.
Catsby turned to me again and rubbed his belly. He wanted me to know that it was he that would catch me. I was ready to take the battle to him, right then and there. I took two steps towards the edge of the bushes when Ava caught my arm. “Don't do it. We can outsmart them instead of fighting them,” she said. Ava was right. All we needed was a good plan. Unfortunately, I didn't have one. 
That night my Sunday School class reported everything we had overheard to the mouse families of our church. A few possible ideas were presented but none of them caught our attention as being able to save Project Ruth. Finally, Ethan stepped into the center of us all and sad, “Do you realize that if there is no gleaning then I can't eat all those marvelous corn dishes? That is not acceptable. I have an idea that I think will work.” His plan was crazy. It was outlandish. It sounded like the ravings of corn-fed lunatic but more than that, it sounded like it could work.”
“”Ethan's plan may put Project Ruth back on track but it still left us with the horrible thought of a hundred cats showing up at the concert to disrupt the presentation,” said Carissa. “I feel like we jumped from the frying pan into the fire.”
All the mice nodded their heads in agreement. I could see their excitement and faith draining from their bodies. We needed another plan to take care of the enemy, cat battalion a second time, if we survived their first attack. 
My classmate John had a solution. “We need to get Lucky,” he said.
“I don't think luck is what we need. We need hope, faith and prayer,” I retorted.
“I don't mean luck. I mean Lucky. Tomorrow Judachew and I are going to see my friend, Lucky. He will be exactly what we need,” John said. John and I made plans to visit with Lucky the next day. He told me no more about his friend nor about our visit. I was left guessing. 
John and I left early the next afternoon to go see Lucky. We didn't arrive at his place of business until we hit the edge of town. I had no idea who Lucky was or even what Lucky was. “Here we are,” John said. “This is where Lucky works.” We were standing in front of a junk yard. There were cars spread all over the ground along with battered, old refrigerators and rusting metal parts from any number of items. I was looking all around when I heard a horrible, vicious growl that made me jump in the air. My eyes pivoted to a large, unkempt, dirty dog with a patch over a blind eye, minus one leg, most of his teeth gone and one chewed off ear. 
I gulped until John said, “Judachew, this is Lucky.”
I did my best to hold back a laugh. If this dog was lucky then who needed bad luck. I cleared my throat and reached out a paw to greet him. Lucky reached out his but I noticed that it had no toes. I could restrain myself no longer, I had to know. I asked, “Why do they call you Lucky?”
The junk-yard dog motioned with his upturned paw towards all that surrounded him. “Just look at this paradise that God gave me to live in. I get to chase away thieves and stray cats all day long. Plus, I have got great friends. Every dog in the village is my friend and John, here, is one of my best friends. He's not a bad guy, for a mouse, wouldn't you say?”
“When you put it like that then I have to agree. You are one lucky dog,” I agreed. It made me think. Maybe I needed Lucky's attitude. He saw the world around him as a gift from God. I needed to do the same.
“Lucky, we need your help,” said John.
“Just tell me what I need to do and you will get my help. Let's go sit in the shade of that old mini-van and have few bites of dog food. You do like dog food, don't you, Judachew?” Lucky said with a wink from his one good eye. I had never tasted it before but I was sure it would be fine. I was wrong. 
After John explained his idea, which I heard for the first time, Lucky lapped up a mouthful of water from an old hubcap, as he pondered the proposition before he spoke. “Let me make sure that I understand what you are asking of me. You want me and all my ruffian, dog friends to sing in a choir at the church. That is the craziest idea I have ever heard. Are you sure they will let an old, junk-yard dog into church? I mean, I am not one of those holy, holy dogs or one of those pretty, French Poodles.”
“I think Judachew would agree with me when I say that church is not just for the saints. It is also for the sinners,” John told Lucky. It was a very touching statement. John was absolutely right. 
“If ruffian, old dogs like me can come then you can expect the meanest, roughest dogs in the community to be there and in your choir. John, what you just said meant a lot to me. Maybe there is hope for a junk-yard dog,” Lucky told John. 
We left the junk yard a few minutes later. I turned to my classmate as we walked back to the church and said, “What you said to Lucky was very true and your idea was fantastic. I can't wait to see what happens when the people see that. This is going to be quite a show.”
“I knew he would do it but I didn't want anyone to know. If the word gets out then it will ruin my surprise. Do you have a song that you want them to sing with you?” John asked me.
“I have the perfect number and it will have the effect we want. This is a brilliant plan,” I told him while slapping him on the back. He was to be congratulated for this key missing element.

On Friday night, all the mouse families gathered, as was their tradition, to have one last meal from last year's gleaning. The kids were playing games and the adults sat around swapping stories from Project Ruth gleanings in the past. The older boys were showing off their muscles to make sure everyone knew they could carry the heavy baskets of corn kernels across the field. The little boys looked up to them and idolized their abilities to run and carry the baskets. 
Last year's winner for carrying the most baskets challenged all the new carriers for this year. He said he would carry more than all of us put together. He would most likely win that bet since he was bigger and faster than any mouse I had seen before. I decided to go to bed early since I was one of the new basket carriers that was just challenged. I wanted to make sure that I held up my end along with my Sunday School classmates.

Chapter 14




The sun had just peaked over the freshly harvested field of corn. It was the morning of our great gleaning in the corn field. I could hear the others scurrying as fast as their little mouse feet would carry them. I gave one big yawn and was out my bedroom door heading for the baskets. As I got to the hole heading outside there was a blockade of mice. “What's going on?”
“Cats everywhere. There are cats everywhere you look. They are hiding but our look out on the roof can see them. If we race out now it will be the end of our community. Ethan, I know you had a plan but it isn't working,” called back Ava from the very front. 
“Watch the air and you will see our winged friends coming in to save the day,” Ethan called from somewhere over on my right side. Finally, we heard it. Flocks and flocks of crows came in like a thick, black cloud, cawing and screeching. Their claws were filled with great clumps of plants. I didn't know what type of plant until I saw the reactions of the cats. Each one was different but some leaped in the air, some rolled around meowwing, others laid down and chewed the plant as it dropped in front of them. “The crows have delivered a wild crop of catnip. Those cats will be occupied for hours then take naps. We will have all day to work,” Ethan yelled out.
The mice cheered and raced for the corn field. I had my basket on my head and ran as fast as possible towards the now harvested stalks of corn. When I got to the edge I was stunned. There before me lay a golden sea of juicy corn kernels just waiting for us to pick them up. It would be enough food to feed mice the worldwide, I thought. I filled my first basket and raced back to the storehouse, dumped it and ran back for a second. I must have made ten trips before I heard the call to stop for breakfast. I was tempted to fill my belly with the excellent tasting foods but I knew that would only slow me down. I ate enough to give me strength then grabbed my basket and went back to the gleaning. 
On my twenty-ninth basket I felt exhaustion wash over my muscles. I needed a break and my pace had slowed from a run to a walk. That was when I noticed the large, teen mouse, who carried the most last year, running by me at full speed with two baskets in his arms. He looked over at me and called out, “We all have our gifts and our place in the community, Judachew. This just happens to be mine. There will be another break in a minute or two. You can catch your wind and then catch up to me.” I still felt tired but his encouragement made me want to move on.
This went on all day. I would fill a basket, run it to the storehouse and then run back to the field.  As the sun made its last gasp over the church steeple, we had gathered the most corn ever. I was the last one to come across the church yard. I was too tired to even think about dinner or an evening celebration. My mind was already climbing into bed while my body trudged through the blades of grass carrying my heavy-laden basket. I wasn't watching for the catnip had worn off on a few of the cats. One of those cats was the Great Catsby. I was looking down when I ran right into the furry, gray fiend who had moved to block the hole in the wall that entered the church. 
“Well, well, well, if it isn't the little mouse that sings. I wonder if singing mice taste better than regular church mice. I guess a cat will never know until he eats one. I feel terrible about this. I know you are tired. It would be fair for us to have this little get together on a day when you are more lively but no one ever said that I was fair,” Catsby said.
“You are right. I am tired but somehow, I just got my second wind. I have a church full of wonderful mice friends that are counting on me. You may win but I won't go easy,” I told him as I dumped my basket of corn on the ground, leaped into the air and crammed it down on his head. 
Catsby struggled to get it off but I had cut off his line of vision. Maybe I was a little too confident because I didn't run for the hole. I walked slowly with my head held high and my shoulders back. I expected cheers and I thought I heard them but it was the other mice screaming for me to run. It was a mistake to turn my back on Catsby. I was two steps from the opening when I felt his paw come down heavy on my tail. The next thing I knew was me dangling in the air by that tail of mine. Catsby walked back into the yard holding his prize up so all the other cats could see me. 
“Hey, you cool cats, look what I have. This is a special, singing mouse. He thought he could save the church and now I am going to save him for my evening meal. What do you think, cats? Or do you think I should just eat him now?”
“Now, now, now,” rose up from the collective voices of the cats. 
“I can't hear you, cats. Should I eat him now?” Catsby yelled in order to taunt me.
“Now, now, now,” came back the louder response. 

Chapter 15




The cats were so focused on me and the Great Catsby that they did not see what was coming. I looked up to see Faith Ann marching like a seasoned soldier across the yard with a broom in her hand. Catsby's back was to her, and he never saw the first swing as the broom connected to his head. I could swear I saw stars spinning around his skull like in a cartoon. He released my tail and I thudded to the ground. The Great Catsby thudded next to me. He was knocked out cold. 
One of the other cats pounced for me but Faith Ann was there with her broom again. That cat was caught in mid-air. It was a home run hit for my human friend. I didn't wait around for another cat to make me his catch of the day. I was up and ran harder than ever before until I reached the hole in the wall. I went skidding in and would have hit the other wall hard if my Dad hadn't reached down and grabbed me. 
“Nice of you to join us, son. That was fortunate for you that Faith Ann was here practicing and saw what was going on. You need to go upstairs and thank her,” he said, “and find out if she would play on the mouse baseball team next season. She is definitely a clean up batter with that broom.” I laughed at Dad's joke but he was absolutely right about her swinging ability. 
I walked to the choir room and peaked in. Faith Ann was sitting alone. She was shaking. I spoke softly to her, “Thanks for saving my life out there.”
“Oh, Judachew, I just don't know what is happening. I have always loved cats but ever since this cat man came to town, even my little kitty at home is getting mean. What is happening to our town? 
“Then this Bishop Potentate, who should be leading us with Christian values and godly guidance, sells the building and keeps the money. I don't know where he gets his theology from but my Bible doesn't say that people come to God because Bishop Potentate has a big truck with his name on it. I don't see God in what he is doing. I don't understand, at all,” she said through a stream of soft tears that rolled down her cheeks. 
I jumped up next to her and patted her hand before saying, “If we can save the church then I think we can turn things around. When we were in New York, the pastor had some people who worked hard to make his life miserable. At the darkest time in the Pastor's life, they attacked even harder. His good leadership and Christian heart got us all through that period. I wonder if he would help by pastoring the church after we save it next week.”
She smiled for the first time in our conversation and thoughtfully asked, “Do you think he would help us get this church back on track? Bishop Potentate's sermons are totally against everything I have heard before from the Bible. We need our church back and we need a good pastor.”
“I will ask him tomorrow morning and thanks again for saving my life,” I told her. Her face seemed a bit brighter when I left the room. I knew that I had to talk to the pastor. He wanted to retire now that his wife was feeling better. It would have to be his decision but I wanted to see if he could help in some way.
By the time I got back to our group of mouse homes, most of the younger mice had gone off to bed. The mother mice were cleaning up the storage area and the path to it. Project Ruth was successful and now we had enough food to last for the whole winter. The only thing blocking our peaceful wintery season was whether or not we would be living here in this church. When I walked in our house, I found my Dad seated in his big, comfy chair.
“Did you talk to Faith Ann and thank her?” he asked with half closed eyes.
“I did but she was very sad tonight. She made me think about how to really save this church. Dad, even if we save the building, we have not saved the church. The church need's a pastor and the best pastor I know lives next door. Do you think he would listen to me and you about taking over the church until they can afford a new pastor?” I asked.
“Judachew, although his wife is getting better, she still needs lots of extra care and attention. I don't think he will have time. On the other paw, it is worth a try. We can talk to him after the service tomorrow. The human congregation has asked us mice to join them in the fellowship hall for a luncheon. That alone is a true miracle. Maybe the pastor will agree,” Dad said. “Now, let's get some sleep.”
I slept well. My body was tired and my mind tired, too. I slept like a tiny, baby mouse. When morning came, I jumped out of bed and got ready quickly. I had a great Sunday School class to attend. I sure loved my new Sunday School class. 
Mr. Dospencer tried to lead our lesson on one of the Old Testament stories. We weren't very cooperative. The whole group of us were excited about having lunch with the humans, the great harvest the day before and the concert coming in just a few days. He did his best but we were all too focused on other things. He finally gave up trying to teach the lesson and asked, “So, tell me all about the concert.”
Campbell was the first to speak. “It is now more than just a concert. All of us in this class are part of a song and dance number. Our mothers are working on real costumes for us. This is going to be so much fun. I heard some of the songs that Judachew is singing and they sound great.”
“The community is talking about it. The posters will draw a big crowd,” Xavier added. “I sneaked downtown and listened to the humans talk about our upcoming show. I believe we are going to save the church. I am excited.”
Mr. Dospencer rubbed his chin. He had a questioning look on his face. There was a question or a problem that he was thinking about. Finally he asked, “There is a rumor that the cats are going to disrupt the concert. How do you plan to stop that?”
John looked over at me and I looked at him. John said, “Oh, I think we have that potential problem taken care of. The cats will find out that they are not very welcome.” He started to laugh and so did I. The others looked at us like we were crazy but when the concert comes they will be laughing as well. 
Our class ended and we all sat in the balcony during the service. Mr. Leever spoke. He talked more about the concert and what the congregation needed to do. I grew more encouraged as he spoke. I felt like the members, both human and mouse, were coming together for a common goal. I now saw why God moved us all the way to Iowa, even though I didn't want to leave my home and friends. I was seeing God's plan more clearly now. 

The luncheon was a joyous affair. My little plate was piled so high with food by Mrs. Leever that if I ate it all, I would not be able to fit through the door of our mouse house. I ate all that I could then scurried over to an empty chair next to our pastor from New York. I wanted to present my case. I had thought about how to say the words that would make the pastor see the vision of what was needed. 
“Last night I was thinking that we could actually save the building, but we wouldn't be saving the church. The church needs a pastor. They need some godly guidance instead of the Bishop's teachings,” I said as convincingly as I could. 
“Judachew, I met with the Deacons this morning and we talked about it,” the pastor said.
At that moment, his wife moved up behind me and leaned down low so only I could hear her. “I told him to go ahead and do it. He misses teaching the Bible and I miss being able to criticize his messages.”
“Wow,” I said with a giant smile on my little mouse face. 
“And, little mouse, I have a bone to pick with you. Why in the world have you not asked me to sing our song together? I am not that ill and I want to do what I can to save the church building. When do we practice?” she added.
“I will come over tomorrow morning,” I told her. My smile kept getting bigger. 
She patted my tuft and said, “I will make your favorite pancakes for breakfast.” The pastor's wife turned to some of the other women and I crawled down off my chair. I couldn't wait to tell Campbell the good news. I didn't see her anywhere. I asked the others where she went. Ava said she wasn't feeling well and needed to get some air.
I couldn't wait to tell Campbell the good news that we could really save the church. I raced to the hole at the back of the church. I saw her but I didn't like what I saw. The Great Catsby already had her in his claws. He stared straight at me and smiled.
“I am not going to eat her. Instead, I will exchange her for you. Meet me tonight in the alley behind Miller's Shoes. I will let her go but you will surrender yourself to me and my cat legion.” Catsby then walked away. I heard his evil laugh as he left the yard.

Chapter 16




I fell to the ground. I was completely defeated. I had no choice but to trade myself for her. I got the whole group of mice into this mess and now I alone would have to get us out of it. The ground felt cold on my little mouse form. The whole world felt cold at that point. 
Something touched me. I looked up to see my entire Sunday School class behind. Emily spoke, “We all saw what just happened. This is not how it ends, Judachew. We will get her back and the concert will go on.”
“I wish I had your faith. I feel like this is all my fault. I have brought the anger of these cats down on all of us. It would have been better if I had stayed in New York,” I told them. 
“Sure. I agree,” Elsie said sarcastically. “Then we would have no hope of saving our homes, our church, our Sunday School and who knows what else. Quit talking like that and let's come up with a plan to save Campbell and you. Your class owes that much to both of you.”
Emily shyly stepped forward, “When everyone else was coming up with ideas to scare the cats away. I had one, too, but I thought the others were so much better than mine. Maybe they weren't better. Maybe it is just time to try mine, now. As they say, there is more than one way to skin a cat,” she said.
I got up from the ground and looked seriously at her then said, “If the idea comes from you then it will be a good one. You are one of Campbell's best friends and she knows she can trust you. Tell us your idea. We don't have a lot of time to pull it off.”
“It is an easy one. What is it that cats like better than mice?” Emily asked.
“Fish,” said Elsie
“If Xavier could do one poster inviting all cats to a free fish fry that starts at the same time that Judachew meets Catsby then they will leave him standing alone. That leaves all us mice against one cat,” Emily said.
“Catsby still won't be afraid of just us mice. He will just eat us all,” said  Izzy, never to be called Dizzy Izzy. “Oh, wait a minute, are you thinking what I am thinking, Emily?”
“I think so,” said Emily. 
“Could you tell the rest of us, girls?” asked John.
“Nope. Just rest assured that when the time comes Alida will take care of the Great Catsby,” Emily remarked.
“You mean that trick I do at the slumber parties. Oh, yeah, that will work but I need to get prepared for it. Come on Ava, let's get ready to make Catsby a real scaredy cat,” Alida said as she and Ava left the hallway.
“Can you have that poster ready by then, Xavier?” Emily asked but there was no answer. He had already gone back to his art studio. 
As dusk started to fall, three of my classmates climbed the telephone pole outside of Miller's Shoes to hang the poster. Moments later the first cat sat in front of it and read the words:
To Thank All the Cats
The Town Is Holding a
FREE
Fish Fry
at
Lucky's Junk Yard
Right Now!
All the Fish You Can Eat!!!

I have heard the expression that some things are harder to do than herding cats. Well, they never had Emily's idea because all the cats that were heading towards the alley spun around, and ran, in unison, towards Lucky's Junk Yard. Once they got there, I was sure that Lucky would give them a warm welcome. 
I strolled down the alley to the back of Miller's Shoes. There stood Catsby holding a very frightened Campbell by the tail. She was struggling to get loose while yelling to me, “Run, Judachew, run!” Instead I stood my ground trusting that Alida's slumber party trick, whatever it might be, would scare the Great Catsby.
“I didn't think you would show. I am glad that so many of your friends came, as well. My fellow cats are waiting to help me clean up and get rid of all you rodents. This town is not big enough for both cats and mice,” he boasted.
“I don't see your friends, Catsby. Maybe they are scaredy cats? Let's see all your friends,” I taunted.
“You asked for it, little mouse. Come on out, cats. Show these mice that we mean business,” Catsby said with big, toothy grin. Nothing happened. No purrs. No meows. He looked around with surprise written on his face. “Cats! Dinner is served! The mice are here. Come and get yourself a mouse for dinner.” Still nothing. We mice moved slowly until we had Catsby surrounded. Now was when we needed Alida to pull off her trick but I heard and saw nothing. 
Catsby looked down at me and said, “Well, I guess I will have to eat all you mice by myself. I am not afraid of mice.”
I looked around for Alida. She was hiding behind a garbage can with a half finished bottle of soda pop. I didn't know what was going to happen but it had to happen now and it did.
“Woof! Woof! Woof!” came three of the loudest burps I had ever heard. More amazingly they sounded just like a dog barking. This was the most perfect surprise of the day. I looked at Catsby's face and saw him form one word, “Drat!” before dropping Campbell to the ground. He ran at record speed to get out of the alley.
The mice gathered around Campbell, giving her hugs and high-fives. I walked over to Alida and said, “I owe you one.”
She looked at me and said, “Well, it isn't quite the same as singing but it is a special talent that not many mice have. Judachew, you owe me nothing. We are a family. You use your gifts and I will use mine to save our church.”
Campbell walked up to us. “I guess I can tell my future baby mice someday how I was saved by a belch,” she told Alida as she hugged her for a long time. Then she turned to me and scolded, “I told you not to come. I told you to run.” She smiled and said “but I am glad you didn't listen to me.” She hugged me. A girl mouse was hugging me. I was so embarrassed but also glad that she didn't kiss me. Then she did, right on the end of my nose. My nose blushed to a bright red. Oh, no, I was becoming Rudolph, the Red Nosed Mouse.

Chapter 17




The rest of the week was spent in preparation for the concert. My classmates worked on their dance routine. Faith Ann, Mrs. Leever and I worked on our songs and Mr. Leever polished off the short appeal he would make to the guests at the concert. 
The Women's Auxiliary sewed a curtain for the front of the sanctuary. I would not tell anyone why I needed a curtain but it would be our show stopping number, or rather our cat stopping number. As we were putting the finishing touches on one of the songs, a reporter showed up from the local newspaper. She wanted to interview some of the participants for an article that would be in the Great Corn Harvest Edition of the paper. Faith Ann told me that it would be good advertising and that I should be kind and sweet to the reporter. 
The reporter asked a lot of questions about how I got my name and my singing gift. We talked about that but the question that surprised me the most was about the sale of the church building. The reporter wanted to know why we were continuing to hold the concert even though the building had already been sold. I was sitting on a table's edge in front of her and almost fell off. We paused our discussion so I could ask Mr. Leever to sit in with us. Once he was part of our conversation I asked her to explain her question. 
That afternoon, the reporter spoke with both the cat man, who wanted to turn the church into a cat hotel, and Bishop Potentate. Both had told her that the contract was already signed giving the building to the cat fancier. Mr. Leever was shocked that the Bishop would sell the building after promising the congregation they could buy it. I watched Bob Leever's face turn white as the blood drained from it. He was physically upset. He got up and left the room.
I looked at the reporter and told her, “The entire congregation heard the Bishop promise that we could purchase the building and that we had until this Sunday. There will be a Great Corn Harvest Festival concert this Saturday night. At that concert, we will raise the money to buy this building back from the Bishop and his group. This town and the people who live here are honest folk who love what is right and they will make sure that the right thing is done for this congregation.”
The news of the church sale had spread through the human and mouse congregations. People and mice felt betrayed. The life and spirit had gone out of our production. Many felt that we should just scrap the idea and start moving things out of the building. Mrs. Leever spent her days on the telephone calling everyone to bolster their faith and to keep with the plan. It was decided that there would be a meeting on Friday night before the dress rehearsal. 
All members of the congregations, both mouse and human, sat together to hear Mr. Leever. He was passionate about continuing with the plan for our concert. Most people agreed with him on that but another of the Deacons stood and spoke. “Brothers and Sisters, we have done all that we can. The contract has been signed and turned in at the court house. The truth is that we have been lied to from the time the Bishop was appointed to run the churches in this area. Two weeks ago, he stayed true to his character and once again did not tell us the truth. We have no recourse but to leave this building but, with God's grace and help, we are going to end our time as one church body with the greatest show this town has ever seen.” A few in the congregation clapped then more joined in. Moments later more joined in and finally the whole room was clapping harder and harder.
The pastor finally stood and spoke, “As most of you know, I have agreed to pastor this church part-time until you can afford a new pastor. When I said yes, last week, I had no idea it would be for only one week but I need to talk to you. When everything looked gloomy and it seemed like the end in New York, God did a miracle. If you ask me, God is still able to do miracles. I wouldn't be surprised if a miracle happened right now and...”
The pastor was interrupted as the back door to the church swung open and an old man, walking with a cane, stepped into the well-lit sanctuary. I had no idea who it was and why he was there. I was praying though that it was the miracle we needed. 

Chapter 18




As everyone looked at the old man, he paused and caught his breath before he spoke. “I tried to hurry to make your meeting but my legs no longer run, in fact they barely walk. I am so sorry to interrupt your meeting,” he said.
“How can we help you, Judge Zachary?” Mr. Leever asked of him.
“You can't help me, but after reading the article in today's paper, I decided to review the contract for the purchase of this property. There were several irregularities on it. I didn't recognize the witness, a Mr. Great Catsby, to begin with. Who is this Catsby? Does anyone know?” he asked.
“He is a cat, your honorship,” Faith Ann said. 
“Just call me, Judge, little Faith Ann. As I was saying, cats do not make legal witnesses. So, I checked a little further into the deed. It seems that Bishop Potentate must have complete approval of the Deacon and Trustee Boards of this church in order to reassign ownership to anyone else. I will have to rule that this document is not legal. 
“Of course, I will have to wait until Monday to inform the Bishop. Therefore, if the money is raised Saturday night and the Deacon and Trustee Boards vote to sell it back to the congregation on Sunday, sign the necessary paperwork and turn it into me on Sunday, then it will be your legal possession by the time Monday arrives. You will have to excuse me, but I need to get home, Cheryl is making corn chowder tonight and I never miss her corn chowder,” the Judge said before turning and walking back out the door.
“Never underestimate God,” the pastor said. At that point the whole church exploded with shouts of joy. The only thing left to do was to raise the money. From the talk around town, I knew we would have the large audience we needed, but I also knew, too, that neither the Bishop, nor the cat man, nor the Great Catsby would simply let us hold the concert. They would try to stop it.
Saturday morning came. The sun was bright and Faith Ann, her grandmother and I were going to practice our songs one more time. After breakfast, I hurried over to the sanctuary. As I entered the sanctuary I heard Faith Ann scream loudly. I raced inside as she pointed to the curtains. They were ripped to shreds by what appeared to be claws. Catsby and his gang of cats must have sneaked in during the night and clawed the curtains. Faith Ann's grandmother delivered the rest of the bad news. Her sheets of music had also been clawed into long pieces of useless paper. 
“What do we do now, Nana?” the young girl asked.
“We play it by ear,” she responded. “The three of us know all the songs. We just play them by ear.”
“I can't,” said Faith Ann.
“Yes, you can. Sit at the piano and Judachew start singing a song. Faith Ann, just close your eyes and see the music,” Nana encouraged. We both did as she said and the songs came out fine. Faith Ann was smiling until she looked at the mangled curtains. “The curtains are still in shreds. We will never get them sewn by tonight.”
“I think we can,” I said.
“How? It takes hours to sew and it took us two hours just to hang them. Who in the world could do all that by tonight?” Faith Ann retorted. 
“I know a group of seamstresses that sew fast and will work on the curtains where they hang. That will save us two hours right there. The project will be done by the concert tonight. Mrs. Leever, can you buy us several dozen spools of thread and the same amount of small needles. I will go round up the mice that will fix it by this evening. We have come this far and we will see this through,” I said as I left the room to get the mouse version of the Women's Auxiliary.
It was Ava's mother that took over the project. She taught each of the mice on the team the stitch to use. They began at the bottom and climbed up the shredded curtains stitching the sections back together. It was a long and tedious job but I heard them singing as they worked. They finished the project about ten minutes before the doors opened.
Our little mouse usherettes stood on pedestals and chairs handing out programs to the people streaming in. The pews filled quickly until the men of the church had to bring the chairs from the fellowship hall in to accommodate the still arriving crowd. The Balcony had been unused for a decade, except by us mice, and now people were crushed together on the steps that climbed to the roomy balcony. Soon it was full as well. Every chair in the building had someone in it. Still people were coming. The Deacons opened the church windows and more people sat lawn chairs outside. The response was greater than any of us anticipated or ever dreamed possible. 
Bob Leever had just walked to the microphone in the middle of the stage when there was a thunderous commotion at the door at the rear of the church. “Make room for me. Don't worry because I have brought my own chair.” The Bishop had arrived and was pushing the townspeople out of his way. “Get out of my way, you rotten child!” he screamed as he shoved an eight-year-old girl against the wall. 

Chapter 20




The Bishop pushed his way in further, but ninety-nine year old Pastor LeClaire, the Bishop's secretary, was struggling to get the now enlarged and fully lighted, red velvet chair through the narrow aisle between the sitting and standing concert goers. “Out of my way. Don't you know who I am? Can't you read the side of my truck. I am very important. I am Bishop Potentate,” he said in an irritated and self-righteous manner. The people didn't seem to care who he thought he was or about his obnoxious self-importance.
The Bishop looked at the front of the sanctuary that had been redesigned as a concert set. He pointed and demanded, much like a spoiled child, “That is where my chair goes. Who put their stuff where my chair goes? I want my spot for my chair. I want my spot for my chair, now! If I don't get my spot for my chair then I will hold my breath.”
Many of the people who had come were offended by his actions until one of them misunderstood, thought the Bishop was a comedy act and started to laugh. Then others laughed as well.  I quickly jumped to the microphone and said, “Ladies and Gentlemen, let's have a round of applause for the comedy stylings of Bishop Potentate. Could a few of you help him with his chair? You can place it behind all the others on the lawn. The Bishop continued to stomp his feet and whine but at this point everyone was laughing at him. That is something that should have been done a long time before. 
Bob Leever started his introductions again. He thanked everyone for coming and explained how the church was trying to save their building. After his short comments, Faith Ann started to play. The applause was loud and appreciative when I finished that first song followed by the pastor's wife and I singing our duet. 
We were about to unveil our big production number with my classmates dancing behind me. Although, many people were surprised and some were shocked that four girl mice, wearing dresses and bows in their hair, were placing the programs in their hands, none were frightened or upset. Most of the woman attenders commented on how pretty and polite they were. No one felt compelled to jump on a chair and yell “mouse.” But I was not sure if they were ready to see mice dancing. I was about to find out how that would go over with this very receptive crowd.
I looked over at Faith Ann and mouthed the words, “Hit it!” She played the keyboard and my classmates filled the stage with acrobatic and contemporary dance. I didn't expect the reaction to it. The audience stood and clapped, cheered and whistled. It was the hit of the show so far. I looked back at the other mice as they heard the people's appreciation. Each one had a grin as big as their hearts. I was proud of what we had done. As the number finished we all bowed. I motioned again towards the other mice and the crowd broke into applause again. As I came up from my second bow, I noticed a new audience.
Across the balcony railing, along the center aisle and up the side aisles, close to one hundred cats hat slinked in without notice. I pointed them out to Faith Ann and nodded to John that it was time for our super big, show stopping number.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your being here. I ask that you indulge me in doing a favorite, old song. It is often played at weddings and parties because it is such a fun song. In order to do it justice, I invited a guest choir to join me in singing this wonderful, popular hit.” I started into the first verse as the shredded and re-sewn curtains were pulled back to reveal Lucky and his canine friends. 
I sang, “Who let the dogs out?”
The dog choir answered, “Woof, woof,  woof, woof, woof.”
“Who let the dogs out?
“Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.
By the time I went into the third “Who let the dogs out?” the audience was cleared of cats except for one. The Great Catsby had been all the way to the front and didn't notice the others had left him alone, once again. I motioned for him to turn around and look. He did, then slowly rotated himself back to me. I heard him say over the song, “Drat!” before slinking backwards, as if he was trying to be invisible, toward the door. The audience was up singing along with the song by the time we finished. This time the applause was thunderous. Lucky and his friends didn't stay around long. They bolted for the back door and soon the night air of the town was filled with angry barks and frightened meows. 
We had come to the end of the concert. I had one more song to sing but Bob Leever needed ask for donations to save the church building. He spoke to the people, “This has been quite a night, hasn't it? You heard a television star who is also a singing mouse, watched mice dance, witnessed the first dog choir and now you wonder how and why this all happened. For many years, we humans had no idea that families of mice lived behind these walls. They held their own Sunday School classes. They listened to our sermons and sang along with our songs. We worshiped together for years but had no idea they existed. It wasn't until a little singing mouse and his family, who is part of our new Pastor's family, moved here. We learned from mice how to have a simple and real faith. We ignored that too long and ignored what this church was called to be. It was almost too late for us and in fact, it will be too late for us, if we don't raise enough money to buy our church back. If you help us, then we promise to be the kind of community church that you can turn to when you have questions about faith or just need a friend. Our offering plates are going to pass through each row. Please do whatever you can because, as you can see from our singer tonight, that small things do matter.”
By the time the offering plates returned to Bob Leever, they were full, dumped and full again. I knew that God had done a miracle that night and our church building was saved. More than that, the meaning of what it meant to be a church had been rediscovered.
We turned the lights down low and I sang my last song, “How Great Thou Art.” As it finished, I felt a very joyful spirit throughout the people who were slowly heading to the fellowship hall for refreshments. I smiled as I watched the mouse and human congregations praise God for saving their building. 
Lily rushed out of the side of the wall and hugged my leg. “We did it and even me, little Lily, got to be a part of it,” she said. 
“Yes, you did, Lily. You are the best little sister in all of Iowa,” I exclaimed as I hugged her back. 
“Just Iowa?” she joked.
“I stand corrected. You are the best in the whole world.” She grinned with her mouth and eyes and hugged me harder.
Mom and Dad strode over and wrapped their paws around me followed by my Sunday School class. Campbell looked at me and smiled before asking, “So, do you still hate new Sunday School classes?”
I could only smile while I shook my head no, an emphatic no!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Tim Ayers is a pastor, author, cartoonist and most of all a grandfather. He is best known as the “pen” behind the Spinechillers Mysteries series published by Thomas Nelson Publishing under the pen-name Fred E. Katz. His other books have covered a variety of topics in both fiction and non-fiction. The Judachew series began as a way to produce a Christmas story each year but has developed as a tool for helping children find new ways of expressing themselves when facing difficult situations.

