Letting Go

Carrie Lange

Copyright Carrie Lange 2013

Published by Orca Music Publishing at Smashwords

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support. 

All proceeds from the sale of this book will be donated to the
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. Help is available 24/7.
www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org
1-800-273-TALK (8255)

Please visit the author’s website, which is dedicated to suicide prevention and grief support. There you can contact her directly
www.littleblogoflettinggo.com
Or on any of her social networks. 
Twitter 
Facebook
Tumblr

Please consider leaving a review and sharing information about this book on your social networks. Word-of-mouth is crucial for any author to succeed, and would be greatly appreciated.

If you want to be notified when the author’s next book is released, sign up here: http://eepurl.com/ASaKz
You will only be notified of new releases, your email address will never be shared. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Cover design by
Mark Atteberry


ISBN: 148208077X
ASIN: B00C9KX2JU
Cover design copyright © 2013 Mark Atteberry
Cover image based on Angel of Grief, an 1894 sculpture by William Wetmore Story which serves as the grave stone of the artist and his wife at the Protestant Cemetery in Rome.
Table of Contents
Beginning
Prologue
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
About the Author
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
The darker the night, the brighter the stars, 
The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
~ Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment
~~~~~
March 3, 2000 – Indianapolis, Indiana 
Dead end. Dead quiet. Dead weight crushing his soul. Dead. Dead. 
Dead?
Why not.
Dan’s hand trembled, along with the Tanto, fixed-blade tactical knife he held. A volatile mix of excitement and terror rolled through his body in a wave that crashed into his churning stomach. 
The reflection of candlelight glimmered along the seven inch steel blade, enchanting him with its promise of release. 
A muffled thu-thu-thump pricked his ears. He turned toward the front door of his apartment. Had someone just fallen down the stairs? 
Ears ringing with silence, he tightened his grip on the handle and pressed the knife edge against bare skin. 
He closed his eyes and imagined. 
White skin. Red blood. Deep breath. 
The faint sound of someone crying interrupted his thoughts. 
“Damn it,” he whispered, turning once more toward the door. What’s going on out there? 
Now that everything was ready, he could not be delayed. This moment might not come again. Or he might chicken out next time. He had done that enough already. Not again. 
Dan looked back down at the blade resting against his left wrist, digging in just enough to crease the skin. Ready to pounce. 
The feeble crying paused momentarily as the crier took a choking gulp of air.
He sighed and shook his head. Putting the knife down, he went to the door. He didn’t see anyone on the other side of the peep hole, but the sound was unmistakable. Someone was out there. 
Opening the door, he saw a woman lying in a shivering heap in the hallway in front of his neighbor’s door. The harsh fluorescent light of the hallway contrasted with the subtle candlelight of his apartment causing him to squint. “Hey, are you okay?” He walked over, kneeled beside her and touched her shoulder. Startled, she flinched and looked up at him, blue eyes shimmering with tears. 
He knew her, had chatted with her in the hall a few times. She was probably in her late twenties, like him. Slim and attractive, she could never be interested in him – a fat guy with a hairline that was already receding. Besides, he had been fairly certain she was in some sort of relationship with the man who lived upstairs. “Are you hurt?” 
She hung her head, tears sliding down her face and landing on the back of her hand with a tiny splash. She wiped her wet hand across her face and snuffled. “Uhh… No. I’m fine...Thanks.” 
“Are you sure? You don’t look fine.”
Long blonde hair cascaded around her face as she put her head on her knees which were drawn up close to her body. 
The metallic clunk of a door opening upstairs broke the silence. Her head jerked up, eyes wide with fear as she started to scramble down the hall on hands and knees. Trying to both run and get up at the same time, she reminded Dan of the many horror film damsels he had watched futilely try to escape from crazed killers. 
He looked back through the open door of his apartment, his eyes lingering on the glint of hand-sharpened steel. 
He had been so close.
Was this a sign, after all? Was the Universe trying to tell him something?
God? 
No. He didn’t believe in God. But he did believe in signs. 
Didn’t he? 
Christ, he was already starting to chicken ou­­­­­­––
The stairs creaked. Dan’s eyes flicked up toward the sound. A desperate kind of compassion mixed with fear for the woman quickened his pulse. “Come on.” 
She didn’t resist as he scooped up her small frame. He carried her into the apartment and put her down on the sofa. 
“Lock the door,” she whispered. 
He returned to the door and bolted it. 
Voices floated through the hollow steel panels.
“Is she gone?” a woman asked.
“Yeah, she ran off,” a man responded. The man who lived upstairs.
Laughter. 
Retreating footsteps. 
Silence.
The sharpening stone lay on the table in front of her, the knife beside it. Glancing at it, Dan knew his moment was gone. This was a sign. Sitting right in the middle of his apartment. 
Wasn’t it?
He turned his focus back to the woman and sat next to her. The vibrations of her trembling body as she quietly sobbed, traveled through the sofa cushion and into his heart. He started to reach out for her, but stopped and lowered his hand. “Are you hurt? Do I need to call an ambulance…or the police?”
“N-n-no.” Her teeth chattered. “I’m f-fine. I’m j-just c-c-cold.” 
Outside, a frozen mixture of snow and sleet swirled around in the gusting winds of a typical Indiana winter evening. Dan lived on the third floor, and the heat from the two apartments below rose up into his own. Seldom did he even have to turn the heat on. The apartment was warm, yet a blue-ish tinge shaded her lips. 
“You’re in shock,” he said, removing the knife and stone from the table, hoping she hadn’t even noticed them. He retrieved a blanket from the bedroom and draped it over her shoulders. He sat beside her again, rubbing the cloth on her back in an effort to warm her up, uncertain what to do next. 
“I’m Dan,” he said, still not having the simple courage to introduce himself as “Daniel”, the name he preferred. 
“Dan”, he had become, sometime between childhood and manhood. It happened gradually, stealthily, to many of the boys. Jonathans became Johns, Michaels became Mikes, Daniels became Dans. 
He wished he had held onto his name. He wished he had the courage to take it back. Maybe Daniel would have been a stronger man.
She looked up, her eyes darting away when they met his. “I’m Anne.” 
He smiled. “Hey, we rhyme. Anne and Dan.” 
She did not reply, but sat hunched over, slowly rocking back and forth, the crying subsiding, replaced more and more by the soft tapping of her teeth chattering. 
Wow, that was lame. 
He realized the lights were still off. Shadows of candlelight danced on the walls. Dan took his hand off her back, and moved his body away from hers, suddenly self-conscious about being so close. Not knowing how to ease her shock or warm her up, he hopped up and headed for the kitchen. He flicked a switch, and yellow light flooded the dark places in the small, yet tidy apartment.
On the Formica counter sat a bamboo eight bottle wine rack, various colored bottles of reds and whites filling the slots. Above the rack, from the matching under-cabinet stemware rack, hung four wine glasses. Dan had discovered a passion for wine many years before. It became part of his spirituality. When he drank good wine, he tasted the soul of the earth. When he inhaled the rich, tangy scent, it filled him with the very essence of the universe.
“How ‘bout some wine? It’ll do us both good.” He grabbed a bottle of ‘98 Rosemont Shiraz and two glasses. Returning to the living room, he sat opposite her, on the other sofa. “Wine is good for the soul, you know.” The dark red fluid flowed out with a soft chug-chug-chug. The bottle pulsed gently in his hand, like the rhythm of a heartbeat. The fruity, yet woody aroma carried the flavor through his nostrils and over his taste buds. 
When he looked up, her eyes briefly met his, and darted away again. “N-no thanks, I hate w-w-wine.”
“Doesn’t matter.” He extended the glass toward her. “Have some anyway, it’ll warm you up.” 
She looked at him. A little crinkle formed between her eyebrows and a small ember sparked in her eyes, which seemed to warm her face slightly. She pushed the glass away. “No, th-thank you. I don’t like wine. I can only d-drink it with ice in it, and I’m too cold for that.” 
Her eyes did not dart away when she looked at him this time and the stuttering had diminished. Dan saw the inner fire of her strength rising up and warming her. He needed to get her a little more fired up, though. She might walk out the door, but at least she would not crawl. 
Besides, if he got rid of her now, he could get back to the real business he had intended for this evening. 
The Universe wasn’t trying to tell him anything. That was an absurd notion cooked up by his weak and wavering mind. 
How predictably pathetic. 
The Universe was as cold and soulless as the mythical God rumored to have created it. 
Dan smiled. “How awful. You can’t drink wine with ice in it. And red wine must be at room temperature. I bet you’ve just never had good wine before. I think you’ll like this.” He extended the glass to her once again.
The crinkle became a scowl. She cocked her head, and one corner of her mouth. The slight flush on her face grew, and touched her blue lips. 
Dan chuckled. “I tell you what. You try my wine, and if you don’t like it, I’ll put some ice in it.” He tilted the glass toward her and winked. 
Why couldn’t the self-confident man he projected to the world, be the real Dan, he wondered? Why did he always have to pretend? He gripped the stem of the glass more tightly, as he half expected her to slap it from his hand.
The crinkle between her eyebrows melted away. She reached out and took the wine in shaking hands. “F-f-fine.” She sighed and took a drink, her eyes shining as she watched him over the rim of her glass. 
Dan looked at his empty, outstretched hand. What the hell? 
He shook his head slightly, and lowered his hand. People didn’t often surprise him. Now what was he supposed to do? 
They drank together in silence for a few moments. Her body relaxed. The pink color returned to her lips. 
She leaned back on the couch and smiled. “What do you know, you’re right. This is good wine.”  
Part 1
“And they lived happily ever after…”
I wish that was how my story ended. That’s how the publishers and movie directors would end it. 
A man, on the brink of suicide, rescues a damsel in distress. They look into each other’s eyes, fall madly in love and…well, you know the rest. 
Yes, our eyes met that night, and we did fall madly in love. Anne said I saved her life, but it’s not true. The truth is, she saved my life that night although she never knew it. Sometimes love can save you…but not always. 
I wish I had told her that.
Life is kind of like a story. It’s hard to make up for a bad beginning. But what about a bad ending? Can you make up for that? 
I’ve been dead for two months now. At my funeral, someone said that my suffering was finally over and I had found peace. 
What a load of crap.
Everyone wants a reason, spelled out in black and white. I wish I could give them one. Mental Illness. A disease that I wouldn’t accept, wouldn’t treat. When I was alive, I wouldn’t even say the words - Clinical Depression. 
“Everyone gets depressed…” I heard it all the time, hell I even tossed that phrase out myself. Marginalizing all those with Clinical. Suicidal. Depression. It was a great way to marginalize myself at the same time. Society taught me to do that from a young age. 
Stand over someone who is freezing to death and say, “Hey everyone gets cold sometimes…”
Look down at a child starving to death and say, “Hey everyone gets hungry sometimes…”
“Hey, everyone gets depressed sometimes…”
We, the suicidally depressed, are even marginalized by the clinically depressed. “I’ve been there,” they say. “I struggle with it every day. I know what it’s like.” 
Like a cancer survivor who thinks they know cancer. They know cancer treatment. They know survival. But they don’t know dying. They haven’t felt it standing over them, curling around inside them, breaking them, pulling them away from everything they have ever known or loved. They don’t know the utter helplessness of inevitable death approaching. They don’t know the pain of end stage cancer, nor the release of finally letting go. 
That’s where we are. We, the suicidally depressed. We are in the end stage of clinical depression. We are dying. Yet, unlike a cancer patient who is gently encouraged to let go when his battle is lost and his pain unbearable, we are told to hold on. And when we no longer can, we are hated, laughed at, looked down upon. The cancer patient who dies becomes a hero. We become an embarrassment. A shameful thing to be hidden away. 
It’s easy, now. To look back and see my brain for what it was. A damaged physical organ which controlled my every thought, emotion, sensation, reaction, memory. It controlled my ability to make rational, logical decisions. I could have gotten medical treatment for the damage, but like a rape victim, I was ashamed to admit the truth to anyone. Ashamed of myself, blaming myself, hating myself more and more every day. Trying to stuff it down deep inside so that no one would ever know…
After my death, I watched my loved ones shove the pain, the guilt, the shame, the self-hatred, down deep inside themselves. I watched Anne put a loaded gun to her head. That was like being trapped inside a burning room. That pain was like fire, and there was no way to escape. It made me want to run and scream and shake somebody. As much as I wanted to be with her, I didn’t want her to die like that. I wanted her story to have a happy ending.
But, as someone much wiser than myself once told me - in death, just like in life, you don’t always get what you want.
~ Dan
Chapter 1
May 21, 2001 – Nashville, Tennessee 
Dan stood in his apartment watching himself dying on the couch. 
A moment ago, he had been inside his body. Putting a gun to his right temple, he had pulled the trigger without hesitation. He had told himself he would not hesitate or he might chicken out. 
How could I have been so stupid? he thought now.
When he pulled the trigger, a white flash of light exploded in his head and caught fire. People who shot themselves in the head were supposed to die instantly and painlessly, but this was neither. The noise and pain blasted through his body. Survival instincts that slumbered before came alive and screamed at him. 
Stay awake! Stay awake!
But his life force slipped away, just as the gun slipped away from his uncurling fingers and fell to the floor with a dull thunk. As his body grew colder, the blood running down his face seemed to grow warmer. With each exhausted blink, the world became darker and quieter. 
“Shhh.” Someone whispered in his ear. A soft hand like satin touched his forehead. A warm breeze moved over his skin and closed his eyes. Fractured pieces of his life flashed before him. 
Smiling faces, 
grasping hands, 
the smell of cotton candy, 
the taste of warm sweet potatoes, 
fresh sheets on smooth skin. 
The images sped past him, as he slowed down. He tried to reach for them, but a heavy weight pushed down on his chest and arms, paralyzing him.
The hand slipped down, caressing his cheek. Soft lips brushed his ear. “Shhh.” 
The images of his life raced away from him, into the distance. “Let them go.”
Anne’s smiling face came last. Her final words to him echoed and hung in his thoughts. “Call me as soon as you get home.” 
“Let her go.”
“No!” he shouted. A surge of hot energy rose up through his arms. He swatted at the whisperer in his ear, and pushed the silky hand away, opening his eyes. He stood in front of a man slumped over on the couch. Like waking from a dream, disorientation clouded his perception and he did not recognize the man. He touched his head. No holes, no pain, no blood. It had been a dream. His smile faltered when he looked again at the man on the couch and realized it was his own body. 
Reality came sharply back into focus.
The body on the couch was still alive. 
Bile rose in his throat. Dan struggled to swallow the acidic lump, as he watched the shallow rise and fall of the body’s chest. The arms and legs made small, twitching movements. Blood trickled out of holes on either side of its head in a weakening rhythm, the rhythm of a heartbeat. Somewhere, Dan had read that when the blood stops flowing, it means the heart has stopped beating. 
The quickening rush of adrenaline lanced through him like a hot knife. When the body on the couch died, what would happen to him? Would he suddenly blink out? Would the blackness and non-existence that he had longed for come to pass? 
He did not want that any more. 
All thought of what had driven him to self-destruction vanished, and the eternal, instinctual, struggle for survival ignited anew within him. 
Dan tried to get back inside the body, but when he reached out to touch it, his fingers were stopped by the solid flesh of its arm. Reaching out with both hands, he aimed for the center of the body and rammed himself forward. His hands collided with the firm, warm chest. His fingers squished in slippery blood which covered the cotton fabric of the shirt. Under the blood, and the fabric, and the flesh, another sensation, almost imperceptible – 
Thu-thump…thu-thump…thu-thump…
The faintest tremor of a heartbeat. 
Dan looked down at himself. Shouldn’t he be hovering, or invisible, or at least transparent, or vapor-ish? But he looked normal…whole. Chest, arms, legs, all the way down to his feet, which were planted firmly on the floor. 
Walking toward the phone, he watched his feet. Yes, they behaved just as feet should, one foot in front of the other. The vibration of each foot’s impact with the floor rose up through the bottom of his feet, and into his legs. 
He picked up the phone. The hard plastic felt cool against his ear. The dial tone hummed. This was not what he expected. Maybe there was still time to save himself. He reached down to dial the numbers, 9-1-1, but the phone sat in the cradle. He looked at his hand. 
Empty. 
Grabbing the phone again, he slammed it to his ear. The hard plastic bit into his flesh. He looked down to dial the number. The phone sat in the cradle. Over and over he desperately tried to use the phone. It always ended up back where it had started - sitting in the cradle. “Damn it!” he shouted, his breath coming in ragged bursts. 
He took a deep breath and walked back to the couch on weak legs, hands shaking. He kneeled in front of the body and looked at the pale face. All the pinkish color of life had drained out of it, and onto his couch. The arms and legs had stopped moving. The chest was still. The blood no longer flowed.
Dan bowed his head and tears fell from his eyes as he tried to prepare himself for the end that he thought would come at any moment. This is my fault. I’m only getting what I deserve, what I wanted. How could I have been so stupid? 
Nothing happened. 
He looked up. 
No lights. No angels. No tunnels. No burning fires of Hell. 
The fear of imminent loss of consciousness began to subside. His cheeks puffed out as he released the breath he had been holding in a long, windy gust. 
Now what? 
Dan hadn’t believed in an afterlife before. Now that he was apparently here in it, shouldn’t he be moving on to Heaven…or to Hell…by now? Or was he to become a restless spirit, doomed to haunt the living?
Maybe he should pray. 
He hadn’t prayed since childhood, and it felt awkward and insincere as he tried it now. Already kneeling, he clasped his hands together and closed his eyes in the familiar posture of a desperate man. “Dear God. It’s me, Dan. I’m sorry it’s been so long since I prayed…and I’m sorry that I haven’t believed in you…I...I’m sorry that I just killed myself…” 
This is so stupid, he thought, and then cringed. What if God could hear his every thought? 
“Wait, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean that! It’s not stupid. It’s just…I don’t know what I’m supposed to do…I need help.” He opened his eyes and saw that the dead body was still before him. The tiniest bit of stark reality began to icily wend its way into his mind. 
He looked at the body, surprised, yet relieved, that its brains hadn’t blown out. I guess it doesn’t always happen like it does in movies. The old revolver that Dan had snuck out of his parents’ house lay on the floor. It had belonged to his dad’s father, a cherished memento. Dan had wondered if it would even fire.
The ancient gun didn’t have the power to send skull and brain fragments flying, although there was an awful lot of blood. It had flowed down his face in streams of crimson, settling around the body and in the crack between the sofa cushions. The small crushed bullet lay on the floor near the couch. I suppose it was my skull that crushed it. 
Imagining the trail of destruction the bullet had seared through his brain, Dan tried his prayer again, with renewed conviction. “God, please forgive me. I had no idea what I was doing.”
But, that wasn’t true, and God would know it, wouldn’t he? He had known exactly what he was doing. Willfully and intentionally killing himself. Wasn’t that a sin? Was this his ‘Hell’? To stand here for all eternity? 
In Nashville? 
The cold truth now began pouring over all of his senses and he shivered.
A whisper of a voice floated through his thoughts, directionless. “I’m here to help you.” 
“Hello?” Dan looked around the room. “Is someone there?”
“Yes, I’m here. I’m here to help. Just stay calm and try to focus on the sound of my voice.”
Dan couldn’t tell if it was a man or woman, or where the voice came from. But the cold, trembling fear that had been nestling in his stomach and chest was instantly washed away by a hot wave of relief. It coursed through him and stung his eyes, bringing tears of joy and the sudden, almost instinctual words of gratitude from his lips. “Thank God. Where are you? Am I dead?”
“I’m here with you. Don’t worry, you’ll see me soon enough. And yes. You’re dead,” the voice answered matter of factly.
Dan panicked instantly, looking around to find the source of the voice. “What? What did you say? How can I be dead? I feel fine. I…I think I can get back in there…” 
While he had been alone, he had remained somewhat calm, able to distance himself from the reality of the situation. Now that someone else was with him, confirming his worst fears, the proverbial flood gates opened and a tide of emotions flowed through him like a battered cliché. 
“Oh, give me a break,” the voice said. “Just what the hell did you think would happen when you put that bullet through your brain? Didn’t you want to die?” 
Dan hesitated. Yes… I did want to die. 
But that didn’t matter now. He had made a mistake. “I-I…I don’t want to die.”
“Well,” the voice answered in a gentler tone, “You will find that in death, just like in life, you don’t always get what you want.”
Chapter 2
As Dan stood, staring at his own corpse on the couch in front of him, he tried to focus on the words of the newcomer. The voice was becoming louder, it sounded as if it were in the room with him now. Maybe it’s an angel, sent to help me…but it sounds kind of like…an asshole…
He thought about one of his favorite movies, ‘Dogma’. In that movie, Alan Rickman played an angel who had been both condescending and compassionate, just as this voice seemed. The more Dan thought about it, the more the voice sounded like that angel. It was a man’s voice. It sounded British. “I can hear you,” Dan said, “but I can’t see you. Where are you?” 
“I don’t have a body,” the voice answered, “so you’re going to have to picture me in your mind. Close your eyes, and try to relax.” 
Dan closed his eyes, and pictured the angel from ‘Dogma’ whom this voice sounded so much like. A middle-aged man with dark hair and eyes. A distinguished British look with a subtle, almost sneering smile. 
“Just listen to the sound of my voice, and imagine what I look like,” the distinctly smooth, rich voice continued. 
The image of the angel solidified. That can’t be right. Is he dead too? When he opened his eyes, Alan Rickman stood in front of him. 
Dan took a step back. “Oh my God, it is you.”
Alan shook his head. “No, no, no. I assure you, whoever you think I am, I’m not. You don’t know me. You just thought of someone; put a face to a voice, and now – poof. Here I am.” He motioned to himself. “I don’t have a body, so I don’t really look like anything…and neither do you.”
Dan looked down at himself. 
“Yes,” the man who was not Alan said, “you still see your body, but you are no longer attached to it. You’ve left it behind on that perfectly dreadful couch over there. You’re just seeing the memory of yourself.”
“I-I-” Dan stammered, looking from himself, to the body on the couch, and back to the man standing next to him. “You really do look exactly like him.” 
“Well, don’t worry about it. You didn’t look anything like yourself when I first saw you, either.”
“Oh yeah? Who do I look like?” 
“Well…like yourself now. I can see you over there.” He nodded toward the couch. “But when I first saw you…you looked like someone else entirely.” 
The man walked over to the body and leaned in close to the head, examining the bullet holes. “What a mess.” Turning back to Dan, he shrugged. “Oh well, I’ve seen far worse. I don’t suppose you bothered to call 9-1-1 before you did it?” 
Dan wilted. “Uhhh…” He had given no thought to what would happen after. There wasn’t supposed to be an ‘after’.
The stranger cocked an eyebrow. “I’ll take that as a no. You know, it may be a while before anyone finds you.” 
Dan shook his head, attempting to focus. “So. Who exactly are you? Were you the one whispering to me before, when I was still in my body…uh…dying? Are you an angel?”
The man laughed and the sound had an almost magical effect on Dan. A tiny tickle of euphoria raced up his spine and spread across his face, curling the corners of his mouth into a smile. This wasn’t the voice of a mere human. This must be the voice of an angel, perhaps even the voice of God Himself. The stranger shook his head. “No, I’m no angel. I’m just a spirit, like you. I was once alive, and then I died. It wasn’t me talking to you when you were dying. I only came here just now because I heard you calling for help. Praying to God, I think. You can call me Tar.”
“Tar? What kind of name is that?”
“Well…I didn’t say it was my name.” Tar began walking about the apartment, casually inspecting the contents. He went in the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door, leaning over and rummaging inside, picking up items, examining them, setting them back down. 
Dan watched him curiously, wondering if the objects really moved. He glanced at the phone momentarily, and shook his head, returning his attention to Tar. “Um … my name’s Dan.” He walked into the kitchen. Tar had closed the refrigerator door and now looked through the cabinets in a distracted sort of way. Dan shifted from one foot to the other, trying to remain patient, and cleared his throat. “Eh-eh-em…”
No response.
Tar grabbed a bag of cookies from the cabinet above the stove. He buried his face deep inside the bag and sighed with delight. Dan stepped closer to him, his patience wearing thin. Wondering if this...person…was here to help him, or not. “So. Is my body really dead?” 
Tar held the bag up to Dan’s nose. Dan looked at him impatiently over the edge of the bag for a moment and then shrugged. He inhaled deeply, the sweet, chocolaty aroma flooding his nasal cavity and mouth. An earthy, rich aura of taste and scent poured over his face, down his throat and into his lungs. It spread through his body and, as though traveling with it, Dan felt the sensation of movement until he could inhale no longer. Never had he experienced such a feeling, and like with Tar’s laughter, Dan could only describe it as magical. What was happening to him? 
With a shake of his head, and a sharply exhaled breath, he pushed the bag away. “Is there a way for me to get back in there? Inside my body, I mean? People survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time, don’t they? I’m having an out of body experience, right? I’ve heard of people who see themselves die, but then they go back in their bodies and come back to life. Can’t I do that?” 
Tar put the bag down on the counter and sighed. “All right, stop right there. Look, I have absolutely no sympathy for you,” here he paused and gave a slight shrug, “well, maybe I have a bit of sympathy, and slightly less patience. But if you want my help, there are a few things you need to accept right away. Okay?”
Dan looked around for the bag of cookies. “Okay.” He had seen Tar put them down, but now they were gone. He stepped back to see if they had fallen on the floor.
“First of all––” Tar slammed his hand down on the counter with a sharp crack. 
Dan blinked and looked up at him. The cookies could wait. 
When Tar had Dan’s full attention, he continued, “No. People do not survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time. They almost always die … just like you did. Your body is completely dead.” He pointed to the couch. “And it’s already starting to decompose. Neither emergency medical personnel, nor God itself could get your spirit back into that body. You aren’t having an out of body experience. You don’t have a body anymore. And the only reason your body is dead, is because you killed it, so it’s your own damn fault. Now, I am here to help you, but I can’t help you get back there. That’s all over now. Okay?”
They looked at each other, and Dan realized it was his turn to speak. “Okay…I’m sorry. It’s just that…I…I’m scared and I…I don’t want to die.” He held both hands up. “I know, I know, I killed myself, and I know it’s my fault, but this…this just isn’t what I was expecting.” 
Dan did not understand his feeling of hysteria and fear. Why, when he had wanted to die for so long, did he now want to live?
“It’s all right, Dan. I understand.” Tar’s voice softened along with the hard edge around his eyes. “I know you’re scared. But, there’s nothing here to be afraid of. And I know you don’t want to be dead. But you’re not really, you see? You’ve just moved on to a different kind of life. Only that body over there is dead. Do you understand?”
Dan did not, in fact, understand. And he stood there dumbly for a few moments, unable to form cohesive thought. Nothing seemed real, although he knew it wasn’t a dream. “Tar,” he said, trying to focus on something, anything, that might help him form a connection with the life that now seemed so far away. “Can I ask you something else?”
“Of course. What is it?”
“What happened to that bag of cookies? I know you set it down right here.”
Tar smiled and opened the cabinet door above the stove. The bag of cookies sat right where Dan had left it – when he had been alive. Dan reached out to touch the bag. Everything depended on touching it. It was a part of his life. The life that, until recently, he had been a part of also. Grabbing onto it would be grabbing onto life, and he would never let it go again. 
All else faded away. This moment became for him like countless other times when, as a child, he reached for something new and exciting. The reaching out became a thing all its own. Not quite knowing – expectation, exhilaration, fear, wonder, and a certain kind of love for the object of his attention. Until he touched it, it had complete power over him. After he touched it, its power always diminished. His earliest lessons in disappointment. 
Just as it had been when he was a child, the tingle of excitement filled his lungs as he breathed. The feeling was so palpable that his hand trembled and slowed in an effort to prolong the sensation. He pushed all expectation aside, and simply reached for it. A dull clunk echoed through the quiet apartment and a sting bit into the tips of his fingers as they collided with the closed cabinet door. 
A steady, but not unexpected, feeling of disappointment rose up and caressed him. The phone all over again. Had it all been illusion? The tingling in his lungs dissipated. His arm grew heavy. He lowered his hand and turned back to Tar. “So. What now?” 
Tar waited, letting Dan have this moment with his disappointment. Perhaps he understood what that moment was all about. “Well, that depends on you. What do you want to do? Are you ready to leave? Or do you want to stay here and see what happens?”
To see what happens? Dan could imagine his parents’ reaction, not to mention his fiancée, Anne. A sinking feeling pulled at his stomach and throat. He suddenly wanted to sit down. Why had he been so blind before? And why did he see so clearly now? His head bowed with shame. He could not face them again, even from death. “I don’t want to stay.” 
“Very well, “Tar said. “Let’s get the hell out of here. I also have no desire to stay.” He turned and began walking toward the front door. 
Dan started to follow him when the phone rang, the sharp trill cutting through him like a knife. “Uhhh …”
Tar continued walking, not looking back. “Leave it. You can’t answer it.”
“Wait. Just let me hear who it is first.”
Tar stopped, turned to look at Dan, and sighed. “All right... I didn’t really think it would be that easy anyway.”
The answering machine beeped, and then, there she was. 
Anne. 
Her sweet voice filled his quiet apartment. 
So alive.
So blissfully unaware. 
“Hey you, aren’t you supposed to be at work right now…? Dan...? I just called you at work. You should be there by now. Are you there...? Pick up the phone if you’re there...All right… well...I guess you’re on your way. I’ll try calling over there again. Talk to yoy later. I love you, and miss you already.”
“Well, fuck,” Dan said.
“Yeah,” Tar replied.
Chapter 3
Dan thought he was doing Anne a favor. He thought she would be better off without him. Looking around his apartment, at the blood and the greying body, he realized that this was no favor. “Can we just stay for a little bit?” he asked Tar.
“Was that your girlfriend?” 
“She’s my fiancée. We’re getting married at Graceland.”
An uncomfortable pause settled on the air. The kind where one person looks at another person out of the corner of his eye, trying to determine if that person had noticed something, and hoping desperately that he hadn’t.
“Well…I mean we were getting married at Graceland.” 
“Of course,” As if trying to divert attention away from the awkward moment, Tar seemed suddenly interested in the pile of junk mail sitting on the kitchen counter. His fingers slipped over the glossy surfaces. The edges bent. The paper crinkled. Dan’s ears tightened at the crackling sound. 
The pages moved. 
Or did they? 
As Dan watched, his sight became sharper. Each individual fiber of paper came into focus. But after the fibers he could see, almost feel, something else. What is that…? 
He almost saw it––
“Do you think she’ll come over soon to check on you?” Tar asked.
Dan blinked, and whatever it was that he almost saw, vanished. “No. She’s four hours away, in Indianapolis.” 
Four months ago, he moved to Nashville to start a new job as a website developer for the state of Tennessee. It would be a great opportunity, he had told her. What he hadn’t told her was that he hoped it would give him the will to live. Her love had saved him before, but it wasn’t enough. He couldn’t tell her that. 
When starting the new job, as when starting their relationship, he had been hopeful. This job would define him as a man. This would save him. It was evident almost immediately, however, that it could not save him anymore than Anne could. Creeping anxiety, self-loathing, weariness, soon bored their way back into his mind and body. An undefinable pressure pushed in from all around. Every day felt heavier. Some days he could barely move. 
Neither Anne, nor the new job, had taken away his will to live, but he had expected both to give it back to him. When they hadn’t, he finally lost hope. 
“We can stay for as long as you want,” Tar said. “Although, I don’t know why anyone would want to stay in this God forsaken place.” 
Dan’s attention snapped back to Tar. God, of course. That must be the answer now. God would save him. God must be real, after all. “Did God really forsake it?” he asked, anticipation peeking back into his heart. “Is there a God? What about Heaven? Will we go there?” 
Tar sighed, and then shrugged. “It’s just a figure of speech.” He walked over to the couch and sat next to the body, looking at it. “You know, it’s a simple answer, but as soon as I give it to you, you’ll just have more questions. And there are just as many questions here, as there.” He nodded toward the body. “Yes, there is a God, and no, it hasn’t forsaken the world. Is there a Heaven? Yes, I suppose so. Will we go there? Well, I guess we are there. Right now.” 
“This is Heaven?” Dan asked incredulously. “In Nashville? Please tell me there’s more to Heaven than this.”
Tar laughed. “There’s much more, Dan. More than you could’ve ever imagined in that broken brain of yours. I can take you to a place where there are no more questions. But you have to let go of this mortal place, before you can move on to that one.”
“Let go of this mortal place? How do I do that?” 
“I can’t answer that for you,” Tar said, slowly shaking his head. “I don’t know what you’re holding onto.” 
That didn’t make sense to Dan. Just more mumbo-jumbo, psycho-babble bullshit. Was there no escape from it, even here? A tiny spark of anger ignited inside of him and burst to life. He flung his arms out wildly and pointed at the body. “Look at me! How could I let it go any more than that?” 
Tar raised an eyebrow and made that little, huffy exhale people make when calling bullshit on something someone else just said. “You didn’t let it go. You ran away from it. There’s a big difference.” 
They glared at each other. Dan’s hands curled into fists and he clenched his jaw. Tar leaned back on the couch, smiling, and relaxed. That smile, like Tar’s laugh, like Tar himself, radiated through Dan. He smiled back in spite of his anger. Besides, Tar was right. He hadn’t let go of it. 
He already missed it. 
Like a tempermental child who runs away to live in the woods forever, he now wanted to creep back through the window hoping that no one had noticed his absence. He let out a heavy sigh, marveling a little bit at the way he could feel the air rushing out of his lungs and over his lips. Should I be able to feel that…He blinked and focused on Tar again. “Why do you even care about me, anyway?” 
Silence. 
“Tar?”
Tar tilted his head in an off-hand way. “You remind me of someone,” he said, his smile fading.
“Who?” 
Tar only looked at him, his head cocked slightly to the side, his eyebrow raised as though daring Dan to press the issue. 
Dan shook his head in resignation and sat down on the other sofa, half expecting to fall through it onto the floor. He looked down at himself. Let’s figure out God first, then the laws of physics in the afterlife. Looking back up at Tar, he said, “If I do this. If I ‘let go’ of all this, will I meet God then?” 
Tar chuckled. He was radiant in his perfection. Flawless, full of light. Tar had power and raw energy. Like a spark of electricity, it touched Dan, and moved through his body, filling him with the sensation. Warmth, joy, peace. Dan expected Tar to tell him at that moment that he actually was God, come to take him away from all this.
“Well, you know, Dan”, Tar said. “God isn’t an old man sitting on a cloud granting wishes to the righteous and punishing the wicked. As a matter of fact, it isn’t a person at all, or even a spirit like us. God is...like the ocean, and we’re the creatures living in it. It surrounds us, protects us, gives us life.”
Dan was crestfallen, sure that this had been God, and that he was going to save him. So...you aren’t God…? Really?”
No halo of light shone over Tar’s head. No wings sprouted from his back. No choirs of angels sang over his shoulder. He didn’t wear a billowy white robe. He wore blue jeans and a faded black sweat shirt. But there was a certain quality of divine-ness, a more-than-human-ness about him that Dan couldn’t define.
Tar tilted his head back and laughed. One of those full-bodied laughs that sends a shiver of joy through even the grumpiest of souls who hears it. “No,” he said, his eyes still sparkling. “I told you, I’m just like you. I was a man once. I died and came here. I’m a spirit, nothing more. God is…” He looked up, searching for the right words. “…much more.”
“Are you talking about the Tunnel and the Light?” 
“Well––”
The staccato trill of the phone ringing again splintered the moment. 
“We can talk about God later,” Tar said with a wink. 
The phone rang several more times over the next hour. Each time Dan heard Anne’s voice from the answering machine, echoing through the quiet apartment. Bouncing off the ear drums of the dead man on the couch. She had a three-year-old daughter, Alexandra, from a previous marriage. The lilt of her sweet, baby voice stirred him, and he felt his first twinge of shame. Will she miss me? Will she even notice I’m gone?
“Hey, Dan.” Alexandra giggled. “Mama says you s’pose to be at work. Get your butt up! Out of bed, Dan. Call us!” 
With Alexandra, he could relax. She would direct him when they played, tell him what to do, what to say, even what to feel. A bossy little thing, he loved her. The longer he waited, he had told himself, the harder it would be on her. If he was going to kill himself, it had to be while she was still young and would never even remember he existed. 
He thought he was doing her a favor. 
She would be better off without him. 
The answering machine clicked as Alexandra hung up, but almost immediately, the phone rang again. It was Dan’s friend, Rick. “Hey Dan, are you there…? Hello…?  Pick up the damn phone if you’re there…You should have been here three hours ago. Where the hell are you…? Okay, well I hope you realize that Anne’s really freaking out…I’m coming over… Dan. You better not have done something stupid again.”
They had been best friends since grade school. Rick worked with Dan, had helped him land the job. Everything was supposed to be great. A stable job doing what he loved. Working with his best friend. Beautiful, loving girlfriend who wanted to marry him. 
Why hadn’t it been enough? 
 “What’s he talking about?” Tar asked.
“I don’t know. What do you mean?” Dan answered.
“I mean, the part about you doing something stupid. Again. And why are they all so worried about you. It hasn’t even been that long.” 
Before Dan could answer, the phone rang again.
“Listen Dan,” Anne’s voice said. “Your sister’s going be here any minute to babysit Alexandra and I need to go to work...You better be okay, because I don’t know what I would do without you...If you’re listening, pick up the phone…” there was a heavy sigh, and then, “Damn it… I shouldn’t have let you leave here last night…You told me you were glad to be alive…You said everything was fine…Remember? Nothing’s changed, right? Listen I just want you––” 
The answering machine suddenly cut her off mid-sentence. As Anne spoke, Tar had been studying the large section of carpeting that had been cut away from the floor. A look of dawning seemed to be creeping over his face. “Well, well, what’s this, then?” He got up and walked over to get a closer look. The carpet and padding had been removed down to the bare hard wood. Tar scrutinized the dark stain on the floor. “Blood, I believe…” 
He walked back over to Dan’s dead body, leaning over and examining the hands. One long red slash was deeply embedded in each wrist. Tar shot him a withering look. 
A rush of nausea and shame swept over Dan. He wished it would sweep him away into nothingness. 
The phone rang.
“Okay, Dan I’ll make this short before the machine cuts me off. If you can hear me, just know that me and Alexandra love you. I’m sorry I didn’t call you last night, I was really tired. If you do something stupid, I’ll just die. I couldn’t live without you. Okay…well…I know I sound stupid and you’re probably just out driving around or something...Call me as soon as you get in. I’m going to work. I’m sure you’re fine, and we’ll laugh over this later. I love you, Dan.”
Tar never took his eyes off Dan. “So. Second time’s a charm, eh? You tried to kill yourself before, by cutting your wrists.” 
Dan wished he could somehow make himself smaller, but he seemed to have no more control over his body then he did when he was…alive. What the hell kind of ghost am I, anyway? 
He looked over at the hole in the carpeting. He had sat right there on the floor three weeks ago, bleeding to death. Drinking wine, smoking cigarettes one after another, watching his blood casually flow out of his body. At first the blood jetted out with alarming power. It sprayed a warm, fine mist across his face and arms. However, it soon weakened. Like a gentle, throbbing river, it meandered its way onto his floor. A vague feeling of wonder had floated around in his fuzzy mind at how long it took for him to start fading away.
He woke up in a hospital bed. 
Muddled thoughts. 
Bandaged arms. 
Disappointment as sharp-edged as the Cold Steel knife used to cut them. 
They told him 9-1-1 had received a hang up call from his apartment and sent the police. He didn’t remember dialing the number. I’m a complete failure, he had thought immediately. I can’t even do this right. Chickening out at the last minute…Even his most hidden, unconscious self was weak. He would not be weak again. Next time, he promised himself, he would not hesitate. 
“You wanted a second chance,” Tar went on. “To go back and be alive again. But you already had a second chance, didn’t you? And them?” Tar pointed angrily at the answering machine, as though they all lived inside it. “Now they can’t say ‘We never saw it coming’. Instead, they’ll say ‘We should have seen it coming’. They’ll say ‘How could we have let this happen again?’”
Dan shrank before Tar’s increasing and unexpected fury. His throat tightened and stinging tears pricked his eyes. “I…left a note––” 
“Oh! A note. Lovely. Where is it?” Looking around the body, Tar saw the small piece of paper on the table beside the couch. “Oh, how nice. I’m sure this will explain it all beautifully. Let’s see, shall we?” Tar started to read the note and Dan caught his breath. 
This was going to be embarrassing. 
“‘Mom, Dad, Rick, Anne, Sarah’,” Tar began. “Well, that’s efficient. Get them all in there, in one shot.”
“Please,” Dan begged him. “Stop.” 
Embarrassing wasn’t the right word. 
Humiliating. That worked.
“Oh, no, I really want to hear your explanation. I have so many questions about why you did this. I’m glad it can be summed up in just a few short words. How succinct. ‘Mom, Dad, Rick, Anne, Sarah. I tried and I just can’t do it or deal with it. No one is to blame but me. Forgive me, I’m sorry. Dan’.”
Tar kept looking at the note, as if trying to find more meaning in the few words written there. “Yes,” he said softly, “Everyone’s questions answered. Don’t you feel better now?” 
Dan could only shake his head. “What have I done, Tar?”
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
The front door thundered and they both jumped.
“Daniel Smith! This is the Nashville police department. Open the door.”
“Yes, I’m coming!” Dan shouted, running to the door and opening it. 
But instead of seeing the officer on the step outside, he only saw the closed door. Grabbing the knob again, he tried to turn it. This time, his hand slipped over the smooth metallic surface. He looked curiously at his hand, and reached for the knob once more, a vague notion about something to do with the phone flitting through his mind. 
Bang! Bang! Bang!
“Daniel Smith! Can you hear me? This is the Nashville police department! Open the door immediately!”
“Yes, I’m trying! One second!” He furiously tried to make contact with the door. “There’s something wrong!” he shouted. “My hand isn’t working!”
Chapter 4
As Dan tried to open the front door of his apartment, he heard Tar chuckling. 
“What are you doing?” Tar asked.
“Damn it! I’m trying to answer the––” As he turned to shout at Tar, Dan saw the dead body. Its eyes had large bruises around them. The blood was dry and dark. “Oh my God…how could I forgot…”
Dan and Tar watched, unseen, as the officers came in, looked at the body, and did a sweep of the apartment. The search didn’t take long. The apartment was small, and sparsely furnished, a testament to Dan’s tidy, well-organized existence. Watching the men touching all his things made Dan feel anxious. Though he noticed his anxiety was surprisingly less than expected. When he was…alive…this would have caused so much physical discomfort that his skin would have crawled, and his stomach would have turned. 
After his suicide attempt three weeks ago, doctors had labeled him ‘Clinically Depressed’. They had also labeled him ‘Obsessive Compulsive’. Dan had not acknowledged either of these labels. “Depression” was for weak-minded people seeking attention or an excuse to dodge hard work. As for “OCD”, that was ridiculous. There were logical reasons for everything he did. Neither obsession, nor compulsion drove him. 
In his closet were exactly as many shirts and pants as he needed. Twelve pants, twenty-four shirts. They hung on matching hangers, facing the same direction, spaced a finger’s width apart. The reasons were simple. First, it was faster and easier to decide what to wear, and secondly, his clothes did not get wrinkled. His casual clothes were arranged just as neatly on the other side of the closet.
The shower curtain was always closed so that it would dry completely and mildew would not form on the plastic lining. Only liquid soap was used because it was sanitary, and did not collect lint, and hair, and germs. He had to use that certain brand of toothpaste, because it was the only one that retracted the paste slightly after squeezing. There was a damn good reason for everything he did.
True, he didn’t exactly have a reason for counting all the steps he took. Or why it bugged him so much when journeys ended on an uneven step count that he would force himself to add another step or skip the last step all together. Yeah, yeah, be honest with yourself, Dan. Everything had to be even, not just steps.
Stirring pots, adjusting volume levels, adding shakes of salt, clapping. He cringed just the tiniest bit every time he saw a digital clock with an odd numbered minute showing. For the longest time, he couldn’t use a clicky-top pen because there was no way to open it by clicking it twice. Until that glorious day when he realized he could count the downward click as one, and the upward click as two. 
Light switches were the bane of his existence. 
Okay, so possibly the counting thing was kind of weird, but didn’t everyone have their little quirks of character? And it’s not like counting had a negative impact on his, or anyone else’s life. 
The officers finished their initial sweep of the apartment and Dan followed one of them outside. His friend, Rick, sat on the steps that led up to the front door, looking pale and sick. Dan sat down next to him. 
A baby blue, cloudless Tennessee sky hung above them – a canopy of color that almost seemed to cool the waves of heat that shimmered up from the white concrete. “Rick.” Dan hesitantly reached out and touched his shoulder. The cotton fabric was a thin covering for the muscle and bone that Dan felt underneath. “Can you hear me, Rick?” 
Dan slid his hand down to Rick’s forearm and gripped it tightly. He could feel each individual hair, the muscles flexing as Rick nervously clenched and unclenched his hands, the pulsing rhythm of blood coursing through veins. If he looked closely enough, he was sure he could see the cells that made up Rick’s arm. Dan’s fingers dug into the skin. 
Why couldn’t Rick feel it?
The police asked Rick lots of questions about Dan’s mental state and recent suicidal behavior. They often had to repeat the questions because Rick couldn’t seem to stay focused on their words. His eyes kept flitting back to the open front door, through which the faint image of Dan’s dead body could be seen in the shadows of the apartment. Every time he looked through the door, he grew paler and seemed to wilt a bit more. 
Dan did find it amusing, however, when they asked Rick if Dan played Dungeons and Dragons. He turned to Tar, shaking his head. “Why would they want to know that?” 
Tar shrugged. “I’ve no idea. I never heard of it. What is it?”
Dan looked at him curiously. Well, maybe they don’t have the game in England…Still… “Exactly how long have you been dead, Tar?”
Tar raised his eyebrows and looked down his nose. “A while.”
Dan realized how little he knew about this…person... Of course, he didn’t know the first thing about him. “That’s not your real voice, is it? Are you even British?” 
Tar chuckled. “Do I sound British?” 
“Yeah, you have the voice of the man you look like.” 
“Ah, yes, did you know him well?”
Dan shook his head. “No. He’s a famous movie star.”
“Really? Well, I’m coming up in the world then. Is he very attractive?” 
“Ummm.” Dan looked at Tar for a moment, wondering if spirits felt things like vanity. “I don’t know. I think he’s mostly known for his acting.” 
Tar rolled his eyes. “Of course.” 
“He’s got a great voice though,” Dan added with a shrug. “Very British. Anne said it was sexy.”
“I hate British accents,” Tar said with a smirk. 
The ambulance arrived and paramedics pulled a gurney from the back. A photographer started snapping pictures and an officer began stringing yellow crime scene tape. When the officer with the tape approached the front steps he stopped. Rick stood there staring at the cell phone in his hand. The officer cleared his throat, but Rick did not hear. His eyebrows were furrowed and he gripped the phone so tightly, his fingertips were turning a reddish-purple color. The officer took a step toward him. “Excuse me.” 
Rick jumped and backed away with a lurch. The officer apologized and zipped past him, brushing his elbow with the yellow tape, as he enclosed him into the ‘crime scene’. A detective asked Rick about Dan’s next of kin. “His parents live in Indianapolis,” he answered. “So does his girlfriend. Uhhh… are you guys going to call them?” 
The detective looked up from his notepad. “We will, son. But it might be better if they hear it first from someone they know.” 
Rick’s already pale face turned a slight shade of green.
Dan’s stomach did a few backwards somersaults. Rick was about to be sick because of him, and now… “Anne. Tar, how do I get to her?” 
Tar had been running his fingers along the glass pane of the front window, appearing to revel in the feeling of the smooth surface. He paused, but left his hand resting on the glass. “Well, it’s not difficult. Just close your eyes and think about where you want to go and who you want to be with.”
Dan closed his eyes and pictured her in his mind. He imagined hurtling past the hundreds of miles that separated them, flying like a spirit traversing the expanse of its former mortal coil. 
Nothing happened. 
Yeah...figures...Gotta let go of something, right? 
He opened his eyes and was standing in the parking lot in front of where Anne worked. He could see her getting out of her green Ford Escort wagon. He blinked several times, but the images remained. “Whoa,” he said, “how did I do that?”
Tar had somehow come with him and stood beside him. “It’s not a matter of moving your body. You don’t have one, remember? It’s simply a matter of shifting your focus. Easy enough, even for a new spirit, like you,” Tar said with a wink. 
Anne worked in the quality control lab at a lead refinery. Dan had often dropped her off or picked her up, but had never been past the front security gate. Now he found himself walking past that gate with her, into the locker room where she changed into her uniform. 
Her back to him, she crossed her arms and grasped the corners of her t-shirt pulling it over her head. A cascade of golden hair fell tumbling from beneath the shirt and swept over the gentle curve between her shoulder blades. How often had he watched her, admiring that curve? Dan raised his eyebrows at Tar, who held both hands up in a gesture of surrender and disappeared in a little puff of white smoke. 
“Anne, can you hear me?” Reaching for her, Dan’s fingers brushed the pale skin of her lower back. Her jeans dropped with a muffled thump at her ankles. Before Dan could slide his hand down to her hip, she stepped into her pressed, polyester uniform pants. White skin slipped away from his touch as the matching shirt was quickly pulled from the locker and slung over those gracefully curving shoulders. 
The locker door shut with a bang! She slammed her palm against it, and leaned her head against her hand. “You’re dead, aren’t you? I’m never going to see you again,” she whispered. Punching the locker with her fist, she turned around. Standing inches from Dan she looked up, unseeing, directly into his eyes. “No, that’s not right. I’m never going to see you alive again.”
“Anne, I’m right here.” He reached out for her, barely grazing her cheek before she walked past him and out the door. 
Dan followed her into the lab and saw the faces of her co-workers, who he had heard about, but never met. He saw the lines of worry etched across her face and knew that her fears would soon become reality.
This wasn’t exactly working out the way he had imagined. 
At this point, she was supposed to be more angry than worried. And then once she found out he was dead, she was supposed to be relieved that it was over. No longer would she be saddled with a weak man. Yes, she would probably be sad for a while, but she would know in her heart that this was for the best. She could move on and find a better man. A stronger man. Dan had felt almost noble about his motives for suicide.
But he was starting to get an uneasy feeling as he watched her nervously fumbling, and checking her cell phone over and over. 
Could he have been wrong? 
No, he told himself. People were supposed to act worried when they couldn’t find someone. That was normal. Her fear probably wasn’t completely genuine, she was just getting herself all worked up the way people do. 
No, her relief would come.
Just like he planned. 
Chapter 5
An odd by-product of my loss is that I’m aware of being an embarrassment to everyone I meet. I see people, as they approach me, trying to make up their minds whether they’ll ‘say something about it’ or not. I hate it if they do, and if they don’t. Perhaps the bereaved ought to be isolated in special settlements like lepers.
To some I’m worse than an embarrassment, I am a death’s head. Whenever I meet a happily married pair I can feel them both thinking. ‘One or other of us must someday be as he is now’.
~ C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed
~~~~~
Anne stared at the ringing phone. 
Her fear became palpable. Her stomach churned. Her hands shook. Her heart raced so fast she panted. 
This is it, she thought. 
She picked up the phone.
“Lab,” she said, a little too loudly.
There was a pause. 
“Hey Anne, it’s Rick.” His voice trembled slightly. The last time she talked to Rick, he said he was going over to Dan’s apartment to check on him.
Anne tried to sound casual. “Hey Rick.” 
 Where’s Dan? 
“Uhh…How you doing?” Rick asked. 
Anne could hear voices and movement in the background. “I’m fine”.
Where’s Dan? Where’s Dan!
Rick didn’t say anything. 
She suddenly didn’t want this conversation to continue. An almost uncontrollable urge to hang up came over her. Her sweaty grip tightened around the phone, and she forced her voice to remain calm. “How are you doing, Rick?” 
Oh my God, where is he…
“Anne…” Rick’s voice did more than tremble. Sometimes, a person can sob a word, and this is what Rick did. In his voice, Anne heard his eyes filling with tears.
Jesus fucking Christ, where is he?
“Rick…what’s wrong?” 
Fear lanced through her so sharply and completely that she felt a sudden tingling in every part of her body. 
“Dan’s dead,” Rick said. 
Easy as pie.
Anne experienced a type of paralysis that seemed to freeze not only her body, but time itself. Her perception of reality shrank down into a tiny, immovable point of focus where nothing else existed. 
No room. 
No phone.
No Anne.
Nothing except this small undefinable point in time. 
She moved rapidly down a narrowing tunnel, away from that point, away from her body. 
The light faded.
The air vanished.
Something heavy and muffled wrapped itself around her. 
Her legs gave out and if there hadn’t been a chair behind her, she would have fallen on the floor. She couldn’t breathe, and for a moment she couldn’t see. 
Later, when she looked back on this moment, she could only remember experiencing it from the skewed angle of that tunnel. An altered state of reality, where she hovered outside of her body. She watched herself fall in the chair, heard herself crying and shouting. She always felt a rush of sympathy for the woman she observed slumping over in that chair. 
Anne’s breath suddenly returned with a ragged gasp. “What? What do you mean, dead? How?” Anne listened to Rick’s words through the sounds of her own sobbing and shouting. She shouted things like: 
“That’s not possible, Dan doesn’t have a gun.” and 
“Where did he get it?” and 
“Are they sure he’s dead? Sometimes people get shot in the head and live.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw her co-worker leave the lab and hoped he was going to get someone who would know what to do. 
After the initial shock wore off, cold reality blasted it’s way in. “Rick. What about Sarah? She’s at my apartment right now babysitting Alexandra.” 
“Anne… I…I…”
She could tell that Rick was in shock. Mentally, she slapped herself and rolled up her sleeves, trying, through her haze of tears, to be brave. “It’s all right, Rick, I’ll call her, but…what about his parents? You know what they think of me. I can’t call them.”
“It’s okay, Anne. The police said they would call.” 
Anne hung up the phone and stared at it. Should she call Sarah now, or tell her when she got home? Unlike Dan’s parents, Sarah had not blamed Anne when Dan tried to kill himself. But what would she think now? Perhaps Anne could be excused the first time, because Dan had never shown any sign of depression. But Anne no longer had that excuse. 
She should have known. 
She should have saved him. 
Anne picked up the phone and dialed the number. She heard herself say the words from a great distance. 
“Dan’s dead.” 
She should have waited. Should have told Sarah when she could put her arms around her. But maybe then, it would have been too real. 
No way back. 
Sarah would have looked in her eyes and asked, “Why?” And what could Anne say? 
Why did I leave him alone? How could I have been so stupid?
Anne hung up the phone and laid her head on the desk and wept. 
Weeping is different than crying. When a person weeps, a part of their soul is carried away with their tears. 
~~~~~
Tar had returned and stood beside Dan in the lab as he watched Anne’s reaction. It was definitely not what Dan had expected, and he realized now how completely he had deluded himself. “She never cries,” he whispered, more to himself than to Tar. “God, she hates for anyone to see her cry.” 
He thought back to that first night he had met her, when he had found a shivering little heap laying on the hallway floor. She had been crying then as well, something she was embarrassed about later. 
~~~~~
“I don’t usually do that,” she said after they had moved on to the second bottle of wine. “Crying is for babies, and if I didn’t do it as a baby, I’m sure as hell not going to start now that I’m all grown up.” 
Dan had closed his eyes, trying to understand what that meant. But the wine clouded his brain. “Aww, come on. It’s okay to cry sometimes, especially for girls. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about.” 
She cocked her head to the side. “Oh yeah? Do you cry?”
“Well…” He flicked open the top to his silver Zippo with a sharp zing and lit a cigarette. He handed it to her and lit another one for himself. He took a long drag and exhaled smoke through his nose, squinting through the haze which hung in the air before him. “That’s different.”
“Hhump,” She said, smirking, “of course.” She opened her mouth in an O and blew smoke out slowly, trying unsuccessfully to make rings. “Letting yourself cry is like letting yourself get a tattoo. Once you start, I’ll wager you’re likely to never stop. I don’t ever want that to be me.”
“Hey, I have a tattoo,” he said, pulling up the sleeve of his t-shirt to reveal the plain, black, bar code tattooed on his left shoulder. 
She leaned toward him to examine it, touching his skin with her warm hand, sending a shiver up his spine. He caught the faint raspberry scent of her perfume, the clean, light fragrance dancing along the edges of his senses. At that moment, he knew he could fall desperately in love with this woman and a chill replaced the tantalizing shiver of passion with cold fear and self-loathing. 
A woman like her could never love him, certainly not the real him. And he was already growing weary of holding up his façade in front of her. The best thing he could do, he told himself, would be to get her out of his apartment, and his life, as quickly as possible. He pulled his arm away from her, raising the cigarette back up to his lips. Leaning back, he stretched the other arm out on the back of the couch, leaving her hand that had been touching him hovering in mid-air. 
She looked at her hand a moment, and then closing her fingers in a fist, she hastily pulled it back and grabbed her own cigarette out of the ash tray. “Why a barcode?”
He tilted the wine bottle toward her, and when she shook her head, he nodded, and filled his own glass. “To remind myself that we are all just chattel. Mass-produced and wholly without distinction.” He raised the glass in a toast and drank it down in a few long gulps. 
~~~~~
Standing in the lab now, remembering that first night. The pain he had seen in her, the fierce pride. Now seeing her once again reduced to this wretched state, knowing it was him who had brought this upon her, Dan was torn. 
A part of him wished he had gone away to that “other place” with Tar when he had the chance. But another part of him wanted to go over to her and put his arms around her and comfort her. And he wondered why nobody else did. He pointed angrily at the small crowd of people gathered outside the lab door. “What are they doing? Why are they all standing around out there?”
Tar shrugged. “They don’t know what’s going on. They don’t know what to do.” 
The scene was surreal. 
A woman alone in an empty room, crying. 
A gathering of silent people just outside the door, listening. 
Finally, a man pushed his way through and walked in. He went over to her and laid his hand on her shoulder. “Anne, what’s happened?”
The man walked her to her car. Just outside the building, she collapsed. He caught her in strong arms, and planted her back on her feet. Dan hoped someone would offer her a ride home, but no one did. 
People watched from a distance.
Dan and Tar went with her as she drove back to her apartment. Dan sat in the front seat beside her, Tar in the back. 
“Where are you?” she asked, looking up at the sky, as if expecting to see him in the clouds. 
“Tar, does she know I’m here? Can she feel me?” Dan asked as he stroked her hair.
“No, she’s just hoping.”
Dan slammed his fist into the dashboard. “There must be a way to get back!” His feeling of helplessness grew hotter, fueling his fury. She was so close. “What about people who do come back? They see the tunnel and the light, and then they come back to life. What about them?” 
Tar shrugged. “Yes, that happens. Sometimes, spirits leave their bodies early. You did, remember? Your body was still alive when you left it. A spirit can go back, if their body still works. But yours didn’t. Your brain was destroyed...I’m sorry.” 
Dan’s lips tightened with rage. “Damn it!” Why did I do it?” Tears streamed down his face. “What the hell was I thinking? Why, Tar? Why?”
Tar shook his head. “Don’t you know why?”
Tears streamed down Anne’s face as she shouted and beat the steering wheel with both hands. “Why? Why? Why?”
Chapter 6
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. 
~ Seneca
~~~~~
Alexandra slept under her blankie. It was her favorite, the one all poky dotted with fluffy white sheep. The bed moved like someone had just sat down on it. Then, something wrapped around her and picked her up, out of her warm snuggy nap. Her head bounced and her eyelids fluttered up and down as she was put in someone’s lap. It was Mama that was wrapped around her, and she squeezed her so tight that it hurt. 
“Hi, baby,” Mama whispered in her ear. “I love you.” 
Alexandra wriggled. She didn’t want to be held. She wanted to burrow back under her blankie for nappy time. She squirmed and straightened her back so she could get out of Mama’s hug. But Alexandra suddenly realized that something didn’t seem right. Mama was holding her different. Way too tight. She looked up and saw something she’d never seen before.
Mama was crying. 
So what if Alexandra didn’t want to be held. Mama wanted to hold her real bad, and that must mean something important. 
Alexandra always needed Mama to make bad things go away. But nothing bad ever happened to Mama. 
Did it? 
She stopped whining, and relaxed. “Mama, why you cry?” 
Mama was quiet, looking at her with shiny eyes. “I’m sad.” 
“Why you sad?” Alexandra reached up and wiped away the tears. 
Mama did a long breath. “I’m just sad, baby.”
Alexandra held Mama’s face in her hands. “It’s okay. I’m here. You don’t haf’ta be sad no more.”
~~~~~
Anne touched her daughter’s warm, sticky hands, the soft scent of apple cider and peanut butter gently caressing her raw nerves. “I have to go away to Nashville for a few days. You’re going to stay with Daddy until I get back.”
Alexandra smiled. “I go to Nashville. To Dan.”
Anne cringed slightly. “No baby. You can’t come this time. Daddy needs you right now.”
Anne hastily packed a bag for Alexandra, as she knew her father, Tom, would arrive any minute to pick her up. Anne was separated from him, but not yet divorced. “Estranged” someone had once called it, the word as tangled as their relationship had been. He arrived a few minutes later and was surprised to find Anne there. 
“Aren’t you supposed to be at work?” he asked with what seemed to be a perpetual scowl painted on his face. 
Anne took him outside and told him what happened. 
“What did you do to him?” were his first words. He gave her a moment to respond, but how could she? Tom had been so angry and hurt when she started dating Dan. He had wanted their marriage to survive, and had harbored nothing but contempt for both Anne and Dan from the moment their relationship began. Still, she had hoped for a shred of compassion from him now. 
When she didn’t respond, Tom continued. “Well, I’m glad the cocksucker’s dead.” 
An invisible hand slapped her face. Anne wasn’t sure how to feel or what she was supposed to do. She had the vague notion that she should be upset at his words. Perhaps she should be angry at him, but she couldn’t be sure. Finally the struggle to decide how to react overwhelmed her, and she sat on the ground, looking up at him. 
Tom looked back at her and with an exasperated wave of his hands, said, “Christ…I’m sorry, Anne…I…” His words trailed of as he stood looking down at her for a few moments. “What are you doing?”
Anne furrowed her eyebrows and shook her head. “I…I don’t know,” she said hesitantly. She did not know why she was sitting on the ground, nor did she have any idea what to do next. 
Just sit here, she supposed. 
She would just sit here for a bit longer. 
“Look,” Tom said. “I think we better get back.” When she made no move, he reached for her. His fingers dug into her upper arms as he gripped her tightly and pulled her to her feet, leading her back toward the apartment. 
Anne stopped walking. “Wait.” She tried to loosen his tight grip around her arm, which she had finally decided was hurting her. “What should I do now?”
Compassion, if only for a fleeting moment, softened Tom’s eyes. “Anne…I…” 
But his expression hardened and he grimaced slightly. “I’m sorry, I really am. But I have to think about Alexandra right now. I’m taking her with me, so we need to get back and get her stuff ready to go.” 
Back at her apartment, Anne finished packing Alexandra’s bag. Alexandra gave her mother a kiss before she left. “Kiss Dan for me.” 
“I will, baby doll.”
“Hug too!” 
“Ok, baby, hug too.”
~~~~~
Dan had two younger sisters. Emily lived in Colorado, and Anne had not met her. Sarah lived with their parents in Indianapolis. Sarah was the ‘troubled’ one, the one who had struggled with Clinical Depression, and had attempted suicide on more than one occasion. It had been Dan who suggested, several months ago, that Anne hire her to babysit. Tom worked first shift, Anne second. They needed someone to watch Alexandra for the few hours that their shifts overlapped. 
Dan said it would be good for Sarah to get out of the house, quit moping around, and earn her own money instead of expecting everything from their parents. He spoke with derision about his little sister’s suicide attempts. “She just wants people to feel sorry for her. She needs to grow up and learn to take responsibility for herself.” 
“I can’t believe he’s dead,” Sarah said as they waited together at Anne’s apartment. “How can he be the one who’s dead? It shouldn’t be him.” 
They were waiting for Dan’s parents to call. Once they found out from the police, Anne assumed they would call Sarah. And Sarah did not want to go home until she was sure they already knew. “I could never tell them that he’s dead. And I don’t want to be there when they find out.”
An hour passed. 
Anne tried to call Rick, but he didn’t answer. Anne got the idea that perhaps he didn’t answer because he was with Dan at the hospital. Maybe Dan had, in reality, survived and been rushed to the hospital. He could be in emergency surgery right now, Rick on the edge of his seat in the waiting room where cell phones weren’t allowed. 
When she suggested this, Sarah seemed hesitant to even consider the possibility. 
“I mean,” Anne said, “people survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time, right?”
Anne was beginning to doubt the whole story. The more she thought about it, the less likely it seemed. Dan did not have a gun. No, something had definitely happened, but in all the confusion, Rick probably just got some crazy, mixed up information. People were always trying to make stories more dramatic than they really were. 
“I don’t know,” Sarah said. “I think Rick would know what he was talking about. I don’t think cops make those kinds of mistakes.”
“What are you talking about?” Anne said animatedly. “They make those mistakes all the time. They’re always running around and talking real fast, most of the time they don’t know what the heck they’re talking about!” Anne could hear the volume of her voice rising, even as she tried to lower it. “Besides, I know Dan. He was right here in this apartment yesterday. And he was fine, and he was looking forward to going back to work, and he told me point blank to my face that he was glad to be alive. To my face, Sarah. Trust me, he did not k––” 
Anne hesitated for a moment, and then lowered her voice to almost a whisper. “He was right here, Sarah. Yesterday. Sitting right where you are now. I mean…I had him right here with me.” 
For the next hour she called as many hospitals around the Nashville area as she could find. None of them had a patient named Daniel Smith admitted with a gunshot wound or any other kind of injury. 
“Anne,” Sarah said after her third phone call, “I think Rick told you the truth. Dan’s dead.”
Anne dragged her hands down over her face and looked at the phone. Why hadn’t his parents called yet? What were they waiting for? 
She sighed heavily. “Sarah. If your parents don’t know by now, someone needs to tell them.”
Sarah looked at her with stark terror in her eyes, shaking her head. “No way. I can’t do it. Can…can we try to call Rick again?”
Of course, she couldn’t expect Sarah to tell her parents this kind of news. Why hadn’t the police called them yet? As happened before, when she was outside with Tom, an overwhelming sense of confusion fractured her thoughts. She shook her head in an attempt to clear the fog. What had they been talking about just now? She looked at Sarah, bewildered. “What?” she asked. 
“I…I don’t know,” Sarah answered. “I was just saying there’s no way I can call them. Maybe we can call Rick again.”
Right, right, that’s it. Dan’s parents need to be called. Am I supposed to do that? 
She picked up the phone and stared at it. Her hands trembled as she dialed the numbers. 
Wait! What are their names? She couldn’t remember, and she began to panic. Her head swam and her stomach rolled over and over. She was about to hang up, when suddenly, his father was there on the other end. 
“Hello?” 
Anne froze. 
And then she remembered his name. 
Leonard. 
In his world, Dan was alive. 
“Hell-o-oh?” he said in a sing-song-y voice.
Leonard’s world was still turning. 
He chuckled. “Is anyone there…?” 
She would stop it for him. 
Chapter 7
After the call to Dan’s parents, Sarah left to go home. Anne sat on the couch, staring into space. Dan and Tar sat on the other sofa and Dan thought this would be his chance to talk to her. 
It was so quiet. 
He started to speak but his voice caught in his throat. The light dimmed. Fear pricked at the back of his neck. Something was in the room with her, moving around the edges. A shadowy smoke circled its way toward her. 
Dan turned to Tar. “What’s happening? Is the apartment on fire?”
Tar stood up, an uneasy apprehension on his face. “It’s Despair. They’re drawn to her. She’s very vulnerable, now that she’s alone.” 
Tar stood and started to move toward it, perhaps trying to get a better look, but Dan jumped up and grabbed his arm. “What are you talking about? What are they doing to her? Are they demons or something?”
The darkness closed in. Small fingers of inky shade reached out to her, but seemed to be repulsed back by an invisible force field around her body. It prodded and tapped, hesitated, and then coiled around her, as if testing for weaknesses in her defenses. 
A shadow fell over Tar’s radiant face, a tremor of doubt touched his unwavering voice. “They aren’t doing anything to her,” Tar replied curtly. “And no, they aren’t demons. Or…hell…maybe they are.” 
 “What are you talking about?” Dan shouted viciously at him. “Are they demons, or not?”
All trace of shadow disappeared from Tar’s face and his voice became strong. “They aren’t minions of Satan from the fires of Hell, if that’s what you’re asking. They’re spirits, like us. They’re drawn to suffering the way a shark is drawn to a dying creature’s blood. They can smell it. Right now, they’re stalking her.” 
Tar’s eyes narrowed and his lip curled as he regarded the darkness. “They can’t quite get to her yet. She still has hope that you’re alive. She knows this isn’t a dream, she knows it’s real, and yet...she doesn’t completely understand. They’ll wait. Because they know the time will come. And when she’s lost all hope, they’ll descend upon her. And the strongest one will take her. I can see better than you. I know the one who’s strongest. He’s there with her now. Waiting.” 
Tar looked at Anne again, and now fear was in his eyes. Dan couldn’t imagine Tar being afraid of anything. Cold terror gripped him. Like swallowing ice water, he felt the chill of it slip down through him and settle in his stomach. 
Tar turned to Dan. “You asked me what you had done.” He pointed to the darkness. “You’ve brought this down upon her. She’ll have to fight for her life and her soul, and there’s nothing you can do about it. I know the one who’s waiting for her.” 
The venomous look he gave Dan made him want to curl up and…what? Die? Yes, that’s how he felt. But he had already tried that, and death wasn’t going to give him the escape he desired. He could do nothing but shrink before Tar’s overpowering presence and be afraid. 
Tar vanished with a crimson flash of light. But Dan could still see those piercing, accusing eyes boring straight into his soul. 
Chapter 8
The heat of Tar’s anger moved quickly and easily through his spirit, warming him, stirring him. Now that he felt the heat, he couldn’t stop it from boiling over. The feeling was exhilarating, liberating. 
He hadn’t been this angry in a long time, for he had been asleep.
Yes, spirits sleep. 
And dream. 
Dreaming is all that some spirits do. 
In Tar’s dream, a voice beckoned him. It whispered his name. His real name. 
Tar’s real name had been taken from him so long ago, that at first, he did not recognize it. And then, after he remembered, he would always turn away from the voice. Withdraw like a hulking bear to the dark recesses of solitary slumber. 
He was only Tar now, and forever more, his name would be. 
But then, he had heard another voice. 
A voice calling out for help. 
The stirrings of familiarity roused his dormant senses. 
A memory. 
Green hills. Damp, rich earth. The heat of a bright, yellow sun.
He awoke. 
And he searched. 
He searched for the voice, and the memory, and the bright yellow sun. 
He did not find the memory, or the sun, but he did find the voice calling out for help. 
Tar recognized the spirit, and his heart soared. Then he saw the man’s body on the couch, before which the spirit knelt. And the smack of cold reality sent his heart plunging back down into its icy depth. 
I should have known, he thought, as he listened to the ignorant spirit’s plea for help. 
Although disappointed, and more than a little irritated by what he found, Tar remained, as always, a compassionate spirit. The fear he heard in the man’s voice pulled on Tar’s well worn, yet still intact, heart strings.
If only Tar had been able to take him directly away from this infernal world of life and longings. But Dan, like others before him, had realized that he didn’t want to leave after all. 
Dan didn’t understand why, but Tar did, for he had seen it before. There had been other times when Tar had awakened to the frantic cries of help from recent mortals. 
The transition to immortal was not always seamless. 
When a crippled man dies from the world, his spirit sheds the confines of his wheelchair. In the immortal, there are no disabilities, and he can move, and run, and dance, and fly as freely as any spirit can. 
In the same way, Dan had shed the confines of his crippled brain and with it the flawed logic of a mentally ill mind. 
When the world is gone, the spirit sees. 
Why do I stay here? Tar asked himself, yet again. 
The question hung in his thoughts. Heavy. Distracting. He talked about letting go, but he hadn’t completely let go himself. He held onto something and he hid it deep in his heart. And when it pierced, and rended, and tore at him, he grasped it even more tightly until the blood of his soul spilled out onto the dry, barren landscape of his dreams. 
This new spirit was different from the others, however. And for the first time, in a long time, Tar felt the vaguest twinges of hope, an emotion he had almost forgotten. With this spirit at his side, maybe he could find a way to let go after all. Perhaps, in helping this spirit, he might also find a way to help himself. 
Fear wrestled with the new rumblings of hope. Fear and longing and anger. Three emotions which defined Tar’s spirit, fought to overcome the fragile, tender hope welling inside him. The unconscious safety of dreams beckoned him to return. 
Return and never again rise. 
Sleep. 
Tar could have left. Now that he had seen the familiar dark spirit haunting the woman, he told himself he must leave. For, of all the spirits Tar had encountered, this was the only one he feared. When Tar had been alive, it had whispered in his ear and wrapped its black shroud around him. There was no reason for him to get tangled up in the foreboding web cast by that spirit again.
Or is there? He wondered. Have I ever really broken free of it? 
Chapter 9
Courage is being afraid and going on the journey anyhow. 
~ John Wayne
~~~~~
Dan went with Anne as she drove to Nashville. 
And the darkness went with her.
Shadows cast by tortured, hungry spirits wrapped around her. Dan heard it now. A rustling. A soft whisper of despair. When he reached out to touch her, the darkness reared at him like an angry viper, and hissed until he withdrew his hand. 
He sat in the back seat feeling a million miles away. As he looked out the car window, he wondered if Tar would ever return. The familiar miles rushed past him through the blurry haze of his tears. 
As one drives south, along interstate sixty-five, they will notice a gradual change in the driving speed. Driving like a bat out of Hell, or Chicago, the change is noticed shortly after leaving Gary, Indiana. 
If driving in the summer, a person will find themselves surrounded by lush carpets of rich, green soybean leaves. Or forests, in miniature, of corn - knee high by the fourth of July. Grey silos nestle beside red barns. Cows drift across seas of grass, even their tails flick slowly at lazy flies. The slower pace of rural life pulls on the soul and eases the gas pedal. 
If driving in the fall, once past Indianapolis, a person will find themselves surrounded by color - yellow, red, orange. A tapestry of vibrant autumn painted around them over the gently curving land which reaches out, crawling toward the Appalachian Mountains southeast in Kentucky. Even a native Hoosier, born and raised in the unassuming state of Indiana, marvels at the beauty.
Driving over the Ohio River, through Louisville and into Kentucky, the gentle curve of the land begins rolling into larger waves of crests and valleys. Green pastures, dotted with horses, sit below the highway to the left. While to the right, forested expanses climb up to hide under foggy canopies. Traversing this rising and falling earth seems to slow the frantic pace of both life, and car. 
By the time one crosses the Kentucky border into Tennessee, the urge to push the pedal down has diminished. Where, after leaving Chicago they must restrain themselves from driving seventy-five, in Tennessee, they must push themselves to drive sixty-five. 
Dan had been under the firm belief that the state of Tennessee increased the speed limit to seventy in an effort to encourage people to speed up. 
In his opinion, it hadn’t worked. 
It’s not the scenery alone that causes this shift. The culture also shifts to a lower gear the farther south one travels. People talk slower and walk slower and live slower. To a man like Dan, who operated on constant overdrive, a change to this environment could be jarring. 
“If Hell really exists,” he had said to Anne once, “it’s in Nashville, Tennessee. And this is where I’ll go when I die.” 
Anne had laughed. “Aww. You think you’re going to Hell? Because you’ve been such a bad boy?”
“No, I’ll go to Hell because no one in Heaven will know who I am. I’ll be over looked.” 
Anne laughed, “That’s so sad. I guess I’ll just have to die first, so I can put in a good word for you.” She ran her fingers through his thinning hair, the way she often did. As always, it made him feel self-conscious. 
He playfully pushed her hand away and smiled to hide his embarrassment. “You won’t die first,” he said, pulling her down onto his lap. “You’ll live to be a happy old woman with lots of grandkids.” 
She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck. “Ooh, I hope so.” 
Just outside Elizabethtown, Kentucky, Anne pulled into a rest stop. She reclined the seat until her head lay beside him in the back. Dan smiled at the subtle irony. He had gotten a speeding ticket here once.
As she drifted away, so to, did the shadows. The tight muscles on her face relaxed. The crinkle between her eyebrows, that had so often amused him when she was upset, faded. He kissed her forehead, the lingering scent of strawberries and cream shampoo tickling his nose. 
Anne had teased him when he bought the shampoo. “Do you want me to smell like Strawberry Shortcake? I can put on a pink dress and wear pig tails for you.” 
He had laughed. “You’re already sweet enough.”
Yesterday morning, when Dan had been alive, they had showered together. He washed her hair with the fruity shampoo and conditioner, gently working his fingers through the tangles. At the time, he wondered if she would miss having him wash her hair. His throat tightened and goose bumps rose on his arms. 
He already missed it. 
It was midnight. 
Eighteen hours ago he had been alive, making this same drive. 
Driving toward his destiny. 
His release. 
Now, here he was, on his way back to Nashville again.
Figures. 
Chapter 10
Looking out the car window now, Dan could see only blackness past the yellow lamp posts that lit the near empty parking lot of the rest stop. Cars dotted the asphalt at regular intervals. The occupants spaced themselves as far from each other as possible, looked furtively at their neighbors as they locked doors, and slid down out of sight. 
Why do people sleep in rest stop parking lots along interstate highways? Dan wondered as he watched them. How many other tragic stories were nestled inside hollow, metal worlds?
Loneliness crept in along with the amber glow of the lamps. Would Tar ever return? 
“Tar?” he said to the empty car, hoping that Tar would hear him as he had before. Hear him as the mysterious “it”, as Tar referred to God as, was supposed to have heard him throughout his entire life. Does “it” even listen to anyone?
 The air shimmered briefly, and Tar appeared in the front passenger seat, looking at Dan in the rear view mirror. “Yes?” 
Dan jumped. “Jeez!” He held his hand up to his chest in an effort to calm his pounding heart, and took a gulp of air. “You scared the crap out of me. How did you do that?”
Tar shrugged. “You called my name. I came. How that would scare you is beyond me.”
“You know what I mean.” Dan’s heart rate slowed and his muscles relaxed as surprise gave way to relief. “How did you just appear like that? How did you hear me?” 
“Because I’m a good listener.”
“Where were you?”
Tar hesitated, as though searching for the right words. “In my Heaven,” he said with a weary kind of smile. 
“Can I go there with you?” 
“I tried to take you there before. You weren’t ready.”
Dan rolled his eyes. “Well, I’ll go with you if I can come back here.”
Tar turned his body sideways and looked back at Dan. “If you go with me, you won’t want to come back.”
Dan cocked his head to one side, his eyes narrowing. “You came back.” An unspoken question was left hanging in the silence.
Tar smiled, but said nothing.
“Well, what if I do want to come back?” Dan asked. “Would I be able to?”
“Yes. Shall we try?” Tar held out his hand. 
Dan ignored the hand and looked out the window. What if he’s right? What if I don’t want to come back? “Where did the shadows go? The despair? It was here for a long time, but seemed to fade when she fell asleep.”
Tar gently ran his fingers through her hair. “They followed her into her dreams.”
A coldness seeped into Dan’s heart. “Her dreams? You mean, they’re in there with her right now?”
“Yes, a spirit is vulnerable when it’s sleeping.” He nodded. “Believe me, they’re in there.”
They were both silent for a few moments as each seemed to contemplate their own visions of despair and nightmares. Finally, Tar shrugged, “Anyway, what did you call me for?” 
“Right, I did want to ask you something.” Dan leaned forward conspiratorially. “Is it possible for us to talk to the…the living…in their dreams?” The words sounded absurd, like ‘the living’ were somehow a group he no longer belonged to.
“Yes, it’s possible,” Tar answered, looking down at Anne’s face. “As I said, the spirits within human bodies are more vulnerable when the body is asleep, but they are also freer, more open, more alive. We can have conversations with them, although it’s difficult for their brains to interpret what we say. They don’t necessarily remember it as a conversation after they wake up…if they remember it at all.”
“Yeah, about that, Tar… How is it exactly that we’re talking to each other? I mean, we don’t have brains. And how is it that I can feel things?” Dan stroked the side of Anne’s face. “I can feel her body. How is that possible?”
Tar sighed one of those big, expansive sighs. The kind that, at the end of which, a person’s lips putter like a little out board engine. “Well, you had a body once, and a brain. You can still breathe and cry and speak because you learned how to do those things when you were with a human body. Emulation, I believe, would be an appropriate word for it.”
Dan had wondered about things like sitting in chairs and picking up telephones. He had not given much thought to breathing or crying. 
Of course, he realized, he didn’t need to breathe anymore, so he stopped. It wasn’t long however, before his chest burned, and the pulse in his temple throbbed. He exhaled sharply, and took a rasping gulp of air.
Tar laughed. 
“What the hell?” Dan shouted. 
Tar reached up and patted Dan’s chest. “You haven’t let go of the mortal world, and all the hard things that go along with it. Here, you don’t need lungs to breathe, you don’t need a mouth to talk, and you don’t need a brain to think. However, they still do.” He motioned toward her sleeping form. “And unfortunately for us, it can be difficult getting past that thick layer of flesh and blood to the spirit inside.”
Past the flesh and blood. Dan looked down at his hands. There were no gashes on his wrists any longer. He felt his temples. Still no holes. Tar had said he was running away. Was he still running? Afraid to see the truth etched across his own flesh?
Since his death, his mind had been quiet for the first time in a long time. The loud, clanging noise, like the grinding of a great, infernal gear, always moving yet never going anywhere, was gone. A silky silence caressed his bruised spirit.
The feeling of pressure that had been growing inside of him had disappeared as well. The pressure had been there for as long as he could remember, but it had been a small ember, just under the surface, warming and directing him. It never quite let him relax. It had kept him focused, driven, successful. It had been his ally. 
But over the last few years of his life, it had grown hotter. Like a malignancy, it had taken over his body and mind. Turning on him, hurting him, confusing his thoughts and his emotions, above all - tiring him. 
After his suicide attempt, doctors had labeled him. ‘Depressed’, ‘Obsessive Compulsive’. But they didn’t understand him. They wanted to give him medication that would sedate him, change him. They couldn’t make him stronger, they could only hide his weakness. 
Mental illness. 
That was something he would not allow. 
No, he had told himself, this was merely a weakness of character. This must be overcome through brute force of will and mental discipline. This was his battle, and he would fight it alone.
But he had become weary of the battle. He no longer wished to fight. Retreat was an acceptable battle tactic, and one that he finally came to desire and covet. 
To die, had become his obsession.
He would be saving Anne from a lifetime saddled with a weak man. His strength had been what she had fallen in love with. But that façade had been crumbling. Soon, it would have cracked wide open. She would have seen him exposed. Naked. Trembling in his frailty. 
Why hadn’t he considered her frailty? 
Dan’s hand still lay against her face, the warmth of her skin penetrating his own. A slight tingle caressed his fingertips as they traced the line of her jawbone. “I can feel her, Tar. How?”
Tar ran his fingers lightly over the knuckles of her hand. “It’s not her body that you’re feeling. It’s her spirit.”
Her spirit? 
Dan pushed down on her cheek with his index finger, a little concave depression forming in her skin. 
Tar must have seen the look of confusion on Dan’s face because he chuckled and said, “It’s not her skin that you touch. It’s her spirit.”
“No way,” Dan said, grasping her wrist. He moved it up and down in short succession. Up and down her hand flapped, as if waving to Tar. “That’s her arm, Tar. It’s moving. See?”
Tar grabbed her hand. “Stop.” 
Dan let go and Tar placed her arm over her chest. “Watch. Closely.” 
Inch by tedious inch, Tar slowly raised her arm. Dan blinked several times. She had two right arms now. One suspended in midair, held by Tar’s hand. The other curled up on her chest where it had been when she fell asleep. 
“What?” Dan whispered. He touched the arm that Tar held. It was solid and warm. 
Tar nodded. “Her spirit.”
Dan touched the arm that lay on her chest. Like an apparition, Dan’s hand passed through. He lifted his hand back through her arm and looked at it.
“Her body,” Tar said.
Dan slammed his hand on the glass of the window beside him with a smack. “What about that, Tar? I can feel that too.” 
“You’re not touching the glass. You can’t touch anything in that world.”
Dan sneered. “What? I’m touching its spirit?” He ran his hand along the smooth surface of the window, trying to feel the dividing line between real and illusion. 
Tar shrugged. “Every bit of matter has spirit. Even after a body dies, tiny molecules and particles still exist - they still have spirit. Everything that has been created has spirit.”
Dan raised his eyebrows. “Even cookies?”
Tar laughed. “Especially cookies.”
“But you moved the bag. You took it out of the cabinet.” 
“Like this?” Tar scooped Anne up and pulled her body close to his, cradling her in his arms. Her head lolled backward into the space between the front and back seat, just brushing Dan’s thigh, her feet and ankles still trapped under the dash board on the driver’s side. The seat where she lay a moment ago was empty. “Her body is still there, Dan. You can’t see it, but I can. I can see better than you. In time, you’ll be able to see clearly. Do you suppose I just pulled her spirit out of her body?”
Dan’s heart skipped a beat. “Put her back!”
Tar laid her back down. “I didn’t do anything to her spirit or her body. Her spirit didn’t move any more than her body did. All spirit exists at the same time, in the same place. There is no separation. Only in that physical world are things separated. Here, where we are, in this…in-between place…we approximate separation. We learned how when we were alive. We became individual, and our spirit remembers. But believe me, Dan, here – there’s no separation. That’s the illusion.”
“I…don’t understand,” Dan said with a heavy sigh. 
“It’s all right,” Tar replied. “You will.”
Anne was starting to stir, and a rosy glow peeked over the treetops along the highway.
“Tar, you said you can talk to people in their dreams?”
“Yes.”
“Do you think I can do it? Do you think I can talk to her?”
“My dear sweet boy, you couldn’t talk to her when you were alive. Why would you be able to do it, now that you are dead?”
Chapter 11
There is no pain greater than this; not the cut of a jagged-edged dagger nor the fire of a dragon’s breath. Nothing burns in your heart like the emptiness of losing something, someone, before you truly have learned of its value. Often now I lift my cup in a futile toast, an apology to ears that cannot hear.
~ Drizzt Do’Urden, author R.A. Salvatore
~~~~~
Twelve hours after the phone call from Rick, Anne hurried up the sidewalk to Dan’s apartment. She tilted her head and squinted at the orange paper on the door. Her pace slowed a few feet from the front stoop as the writing on the paper came into focus. 
Caution: Biohazard Contamination. 
Keys dropped from shaking hands. 
This is it. The biohazard contamination is Dan.
She didn’t know anything about hand guns, or what really happened when someone shot themselves with one. Maybe he had blown half his head away and bits of it still lay in there, just on the other side of this door. 
Black spots swam in her vision and she shuddered. A sharp pain in her stomach caused her to double over. Raising her head, she saw her reflection in the shiny brass door knob. It looked as though a dark shadow winded its way over her shoulder, caressing her face. She blinked, and it suddenly vanished.
Sweaty, shaking hands unlocked the door and pushed it open. Her vision was black and white, and muted shades of grey. Only the blood was sharply defined in bright, livid splashes of red, draped across the grey back drop of his apartment. 
It took a moment, but relief came when she realized there was no splattered brains. She released her breath with a ragged sigh. As she walked to the couch, she glanced down at the bare patch on the floor, the faint dark stain still visible. She sat on the sofa and laid her head beside the blood, turning her body slightly toward it. Almost as if reaching tenderly for a lover’s face, she caressed the dry, dark patch. 
She traced the flow of it down to where it had pooled in the cushion. This blood was not completely dry. Anne touched it, and rubbed it on her cheek and the back of her hand. The tangy, coppery scent drifted up and mixed with the salty taste of tears running down her face. 
It’s your blood, Dan. It’s supposed to be in your head. Is this all I have left of you?
Searching the area on hands and knees, she scrutinized over every drop of blood. There weren’t very many. 
A light spatter on the wall which the couch rested up against. 
A drizzle across the arm rest. 
A few lonely drops on the carpeting. 
Most of it seemed to have merely drained out of his head and onto the plush tan sofa cushions. 
In his duffel bag lay a box of bullets. Picking them up, she ran her fingers along the cool metal casings, Winchester 38 SPL stamped across the tops. 
Six holes in the box. Six bullets missing.
Small, dark, recessed shadows. 
One of those shadows killed you. 
She glanced down at the silver band on her right ring finger. Inlaid with an intricate Celtic knot engraving, Anne had designed the pattern, and had two matching bands made, one for each of them. Neither of them ever took theirs off, and she wondered if his blood had splattered on his when he pulled the trigger. 
Where was Dan now? Did he still have his ring on? Did he still wear the silver crucifix necklace she had given him when he was in the hospital? 
After his first suicide attempt, he told her he needed something to believe in. 
“Here’s something you can believe in,” she had said, as she took off her necklace and put it around his neck. Neither of them had much faith at the time, and she had hoped perhaps they could find some together. 
Where was that faith now, she wondered? Now that she needed it more than ever. Bleeding, dying, sprawled out on a cold metal table in the dark? Faith, like a delicate snowflake. Pretty to look at, but try to hold onto it, and it disappears before your eyes. 
She finally went upstairs to the loft and fell asleep in Dan’s bed, wrapping the sheets around her. She buried her face in his pillow, breathing in the smell of him. The familiar, comforting scent had always meant she was home, she was safe.
Chapter 12
Dan sat beside Anne as she slept among the rumpled and twisted sheets. Just as before, the coiling shadows had receded as she fell asleep and he wondered what they whispered to her in her dreams. 
Tar examined a small, somewhat oblong silver item sitting on the tidy corner desk nestled beside the bed. Dan smiled when he saw the look of puzzlement on Tar’s face, suspecting that he had never seen a computer mouse before. “Tar, Can you talk to her for me? In her dreams?”
Tar sniffed the mouse and looked at it one more time before setting it down and turning to Dan. “I have a better idea. Why don’t you show me something of your life together?”
Dan stopped stroking Anne’s hair and looked up at Tar. “Uhhh… What?”
Tar walked over to the bed and sat beside Dan. “We’re spirits. Like I said, there’s no real separation between us. We can share memories and experiences. I can show you how. May I?” Tar held his hands out to Dan, as if to touch his head. 
“Is this like a Vulcan Mind Meld?” Dan asked, a tad skeptical of the whole ‘no separation of spirits’ business. 
Tar dropped his hands, another puzzled look on his face. “Pardon?”
Dan sighed. “Oh, never mind. What do I have to do?”
“It’s easy.” Tar raised his hands again and wrapped them around Dan’s forehead. “Just think of a happy memory. Immerse yourself in it. Imagine being back there, right now.”
Dan closed his eyes. A tiny tickle tremored through his mind. Tiny, warm feet ran down his spine and spread out, like slipping into a hot bath. 
~~~~~
Dan lay in his bed. Anne lay beside him, her head on his chest, smiling up at him. Late afternoon sunlight streamed in through the blinds. The dappled silhouettes of spring leaves fluttered on the wall beside them. 
“I can hear your heart beating,” she said in a dreamy, almost child-like voice. A look of wonder in her eyes at the simple miracle of a beating heart.
“Good thing for me,” he replied, brushing the tip of her nose with his index finger. 
They had replayed this scene many times before. Anne quietly listening to the soft, rhythmic thudding of his heart and the windy, hollow sound of his breath rushing in and out of his lungs. 
Dan caressing her face as he watched it move up and down with the gentle rise and fall of his chest, always amused at her easy joy.
 The first few times she said it, Dan thought she was just trying to be cute. But after a while, he realized that when Anne said, “I can hear your heart beating,” what she really meant was, “I love that you’re alive, and you’re real, and you’re mine.”
And when Dan said, “Good thing for me,” what he really meant was, “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”
~~~~~
The warmth in Dan’s body was suddenly replaced by an icy chill. Shivering, he opened his eyes. 
Tar looked at him with eyes that smoldered and shook his head. “Why did you leave her?”
Chapter 13
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear. I am not afraid, but the sensation is like being afraid. The same fluttering in the stomach, the same restlessness, the yawning. I keep on swallowing.
At other times it feels like being mildly drunk, or concussed. There is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me. I find it hard to take in what anyone says. Or perhaps, hard to want to take it in. It is so uninteresting. Yet I want the others to be about me. I dread the moments when the house is empty. If only they would talk to one another and not to me.
~ C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed
~~~~~
A few hours later, Anne woke with a start. The shadows came into focus. She was in Dan’s room. She was in his bed, but he was not with her. Where was he?
He’s dead.
The dried blood on her hand was dark and flakey, crumbling like her heart. 
The sounds of everyday life assaulted her ears. Birds chirping, leaves rustling in the wind, traffic passing, the air conditioner humming. 
The sounds were muffled, and muted. 
The light had a strangely dim quality. 
An unfamiliar pain coursed through her body. 
She buried her face in his pillow. It still smelled like him. How long would the scent linger? Longer than the blood stain on her hand? 
As she stared up at the ceiling, a shadow passed through the room. Goose bumps rose on her skin from a sudden chill. She sat up and looked around. Patches of darkness seemed to be hiding in the light around her. She could see wisps of it around the edges of her vision. The soft murmuring of many voices whispered in her ear. She didn’t know what they were saying. There were too many, whispering too softly.
But then she heard one voice gently call her name. “Anne.”
She jumped a little and looked around.
“Anne,” the voice called again. 
She held her breath for a moment. “Dan?”
She got up and walked over to the bannister of the loft and looked down. “Dan?”
This is ridiculous, she thought as she leaned over the railing, looking beneath her. Am I hearing things?
“Anne,” the voice seemed to come from down stairs. But it was fading, as if moving away from her. She leaned further over the railing, and for a moment, her vision seemed to clear. Just beneath her was the bare patch of floor. The shadows coalesced around it, swirling in a hypnotic rhythm that soothed her tormented senses. 
He’s down there, an unfamiliar voice seemed to whisper from deep inside her. He’s down there waiting for you.
The dark patch fell away from the floor and sank into the depth of oblivion. The shadows followed it, and Anne leaned further still over the railing, head down, feet beginning to slip off the floor. 
But then the voice seemed to hesitate.
Wait…
Anne’s feet touched the floor.
She waited.
As unexpectedly as the shadows had appeared, they vanished.
Anne stood up straight, blinking. It felt as if awakening from a dream. She took a startled step back from the railing and burst into tears. “Why did you leave me?”
~~~~~
Later that morning, she received the only explanation she would ever get from the detective that came to Dan’s apartment. 
“You’re from homicide?” she asked.
“Yes,” the detective answered, “it’s not like on TV. I mostly investigate suicides and accidents.”
“That must be very depressing.” 
He sighed. “Yes, it can be. And let me tell you how sorry I am for your loss,” he said as he pulled a pair of reading glasses from his shirt pocket. The words sounded rehearsed. Anne wondered how many times he had said them. 
“I brought you a copy of the note he left.” Directing his gaze down, through the lenses of his glasses, he searched the manila file folder he had brought with him. He pulled out a single piece of paper and handed it to her. “I’m...sorry there isn’t more,” he said, looking at her over the top of his spectacles. Although the words sounded rehearsed, Anne saw true compassion in his eyes. 
Anne didn’t have to read the words to see that there weren’t many. “He put my name fourth…” Something seemed to leave her body at that moment. A hollow, breathless sensation pulled through her chest cavity as a piece of her hope rushed out, just as the tears rushed out of her eyes. 
Fourth.
“I’ll tell you something,” the detective said, with what was probably supposed to be a look of encouragement. “When a person is getting ready to kill himself, he isn’t exactly thinking rationally. Most don’t even leave a note.”
“He didn’t the first time…I got mad at him for that…” A chill swept over her and she shivered. The room dimmed. Despair spread through her body like a fever. She felt cold, but at the same time, she felt something burning away inside. 
Looking up at the detective with what she hoped was a calm and rational look, she said, “I don’t mean to sound crazy or anything, but did you actually see Dan? I mean...are you absolutely sure he really died, like, all the way? Because I heard somewhere that a lot of times, people survive gunshot wounds to the head. More often than people think, right? I mean, you would know...” Her words trailed off as she heard herself speaking them. She sounded ridiculous. My God, what’s wrong with me...?
He took his glasses off and looked directly at her. “Yes, I’ve seen Dan’s body this morning, at the medical examiner’s office. He died yesterday, from one gunshot wound to the head. The bullet went in the right temple,” he placed a finger on his own right temple, “right about here. And it exited from the left temple, a little higher up. He wouldn’t have felt any pain. And no one could have ever saved him, no matter how fast they got to him. He would have died within seconds.”
Within seconds...Did he even have time to regret what he’d done? She couldn’t keep holding onto this piece of paper, but she couldn’t let it go. She wanted to throw it away from her, and hold it close to her at the same time. She wanted to jump up and scream and hit something and throw her hands through the glass window, through which the sun shone so brightly. She wanted to burn up in that brightness. And at the same time, she wanted to lay her head down into blackness and go to sleep and never wake up. The feeling became so overwhelming that she turned helplessly to the detective and said, “I don’t know what to do.”
“Is there someone down here with you?” 
“No, I’m alone.”
Last night she had called her mother. 
“Do you want me to go to Nashville with you?” her mother asked.
“No,” Anne answered, “I don’t want you to see me get hysterical.”
Her mother scoffed. “You’ve never been hysterical in your life, Anne.”
“I know, and I don’t want you to be there when I am.”
A part of her had secretly hoped her mother would insist on going. Maybe she understood why her mother didn’t. 
Anne had never been good at needing anyone. 
But that didn’t matter now. She was lost, and for the first time in her life she needed her mother to come and find her.
~~~~~
Once, when Anne was about five, she and her brother had become separated from their mother in a store. He wasn’t even a year older, and people often thought them twins. They looked up and down the aisles for what seemed an eternity, holding each other’s hands. 
Everything was so big, and all the faces of all the people looked abnormal in their bigness. She never saw them straight on. She only saw them, ever, at an angle, as she looked up at them. 
Chins bigger than foreheads, two gaping black holes in their noses. 
Her brother started to cry. Anne looked at him and wondered why. Was he hurt? His wails became louder until the sound of it hurt her ears. The lights became brighter and every person who passed by seemed to bump into her with their big bodies. She wanted to block out all the brightness, and bigness, and loudness. 
“Why are you crying?” she asked.
“I wa-want m-m-mommy.” His choking sobs caused the words to stutter and break.
She pulled him by the hand to the front of the store, and then outside. Quiet and still, there were no big people with big noses and chins. Her brother continued to cry, and she watched him silently, trying to understand what caused him pain. 
Finally, their mother came. “There you are! I looked all over for you two, why are you out here?” 
“We got lost and he started crying …I was looking for you,” Anne said, thinking her mother would be proud of her for being so brave.
Her mother’s anger, however, only seemed to melt away when she looked at her son. Kneeling down, she pulled him close, comforting him with soft little words that Anne couldn’t quite hear. His crying increased as their mother caressed his face and cooed in his ear. She kissed his forehead and wiped the tears from his red, sweaty face.
Anne stood there watching, trying to squeeze tears from her eyes, quick, before it was too late. How did one cry like that, she wondered? She blinked and blinked, but the tears didn’t come.
“All right, honey, you’re okay now, Mama’s here, you’re safe,” her mother said to him as she rose and prepared to leave. She turned to her daughter, the one who never seemed to need anything from her. “Why did you wander off? I told you to stay right there.”
What do I say? Anne wondered. How could she make her mother come to her, as she had gone to her brother? Her brother had only cried those unbelievable tears, like he was injured. Had her mother actually believed that he was?
When Anne didn’t respond, her mother turned, still holding tight to her brother’s hand, walking away from Anne. “Come on, let’s go.”
Anne turned away from her mother momentarily, and in the distance, just on the other side of the train tracks, along the edge of the woods, she saw her friend. He waved at her, beckoned for her to join him in the dark. She could disappear with him in the woods, forever. 
Anne never told anyone about him. She knew they couldn’t see him anyway. He was dark and shadowy and he always talked in whispers. It was easy for him to hide from the other people.
She took one step toward him. 
“Anne!” her mother’s voice called. “Let’s go!” 
The other people were always so loud.
Anne blinked, and her friend was gone. 
She cocked her head to one side as she considered the retreating form of her mother before falling in line behind her. 
Anne had never been good at needing anyone.
~~~~~
“If you need a shoulder to cry on,” the detective said, “you’re welcome to use mine.” 
Anne collapsed on his shoulder and sobbed uncontrollably. The detective wrapped his arms around her and held her as she wept. 
“I know it’s my fault. I should have stayed home from work. I never should have left him.” 
The detective drew her away from him, lifted her chin with his hand, and held her gaze with the power of his own. “I want you to listen to me for a minute, okay?” 
She drew both hands over her face, wiping away the tears. “Okay.” 
“Maybe you did something wrong. Or maybe you should have done something, but you didn’t. You think that you let him down. You might even be wondering if he had wanted you to save him. But that’s not what happened.” 
She started to say something, but he interrupted her. “I’ve investigated a lot of suicides. But I’ve also investigated a lot of attempted suicides. Sometimes I have to talk to them, make sure someone wasn’t trying to kill them, you understand?”
She nodded her head, and he continued. “I’ve talked to people who wanted to die. They don’t blame anyone else. They think their loved ones will be better off without them. And I’ve also talked to a lot of murderers. Usually, they blame the victim. They try to convince me that the victim somehow deserved it.” 
Anne shook her head. “That’s not the same. Dan wasn’t murdered.”
“It is the same,” he said sternly. “The man who pulled that trigger was a murderer. And I know, if I could talk to that man, he wouldn’t blame you. He would blame the man he murdered. He would tell me all the reasons why he deserved to die. He would tell me that he was protecting you from that man.”
She looked away. “I know what you’re trying to do.” 
The detective shook his head slowly and sighed. “I’m not trying to do anything. I’m just telling you the truth. I see it all the time in my line of work, and even in my own life. There’s a darkness out there. A darkness that touches us all. It comes into everyone’s lives from time to time. But for some people, it gets down deep into their very souls. That’s the kind of darkness Dan was fighting…Look at me.”
She turned toward him, his image bleary through the tears in her eyes. He put his hands on her shoulders, and his eyes flitted around, as if studying the outline of her body. With one hand, he pushed the hair away from her face. “You’re going to have to struggle with that darkness now. I can see it all around you. It’s trying to get in deep, Anne. You have to stay strong, and don’t let it in okay? Because Anne…it will eat you alive.”
She sat up straighter and gave him an uncertain smile. She had a sudden and desperate desire to not fail this man. “Okay…I’ll try...” 
Throughout the coming days, Anne thought about everything the detective said many times. His words were like an anchor for her when she felt herself being swept away in the violent and unpredictable tempest of her guilt and grief. At first, she could remember the sound of his voice, the compassion in his eyes, and the strength of his conviction. 
And he was her hero. 
As the days continued to pass without Dan by her side, however, the memory faded. 
A growing darkness enveloped her and whispered to her. The words of her despair became her constant companion, until finally the words of the detective were all but forgotten.
Chapter 14
Dan watched all the people he had thought would be better off without him. 
Anne, Rick, his parents, his two sisters. They gathered together now, at Rick’s house, trying to find the answer to the one question they all had. 
Why? 
Anne sat alone on the front porch swing. A heavy shroud of darkness surrounded her. The invisible force field now gone, the coiling filaments moved freely over her skin, whispering to her. Perhaps the living people around her also sensed its presence, for no one touched her and they seemed to instinctively move away from her if she came too close. 
Dan and Tar stood beneath an expansive Weeping Willow tree in the front yard. The branches hung down around them like a green tendriled waterfall, the rustling leaves mimicking the sound of rushing water. The property encompassed ten acres of solitude. Horses moved slowly, nosing through tall grass. Neither the road, nor the neighbors could be seen, adding to the aura of isolation. 
Together, they watched Anne, and the dusky presence which curled around her. In the cool shade of the Willow, Dan shivered. “What is it, Tar? What does it want with her?” 
“I told you already. They’re spirits, like us. But different. They’re drawn to her suffering.”
“You said you could see them. What do they look like? Like you and me?”
Tar shrugged. “Mostly. They look like people. But I don’t know most of them, so to me they just look like murky figures. What do they look like to you?” 
“It’s just a black, smoky sort of shadow. But sometimes I see eyes, and I hear whispering. Sometimes I think I see a man.” 
Dan squinted, focusing on her Despair, trying to give it more definition. Who are you? What do you want? 
He got no answer. All he could see was smoke and shadow. 
~~~~~
“What’s the one thing you’re most scared of?” Dan asked her once. 
“Chucky,” Anne answered, without having to give it a moment’s thought.
“Chucky?”
“Yeah, you know, from that movie, ‘Child’s Play’? Oooh. Killer dolls that come alive and start talking.” She shivered, an amused look of horror on her face.
Dan laughed. “Come on, I’m serious.”
“I’m serious too. What could possibly be scarier than that? Besides clowns, maybe.”
“But that’s not real. What are you really scared of?” 
She had been peeling potatoes over the sink. Making sweet potatoes, one of his favorite dishes. She paused and looked up at him with a knowing, half-smile. “Who ever said something had to be real for you to be scared of it?” 
Dan froze, his face suddenly hot, his palms sweaty. The ever present knot in his stomach tightened. Does she know? 
He almost broke down and told her about his fear and anxiety. About the pressure that had been building, crushing, breaking his spirit. About his undefinable, yet overwhelming ‘Depression’. But no. He couldn’t do that. She had fallen in love with his strength. What would she think of him if she saw his vulnerability, his weakness? 
“I don’t know,” he finally said. “I’ve never seen that movie.”
Anne gasped in mock horror, her hands covering her mouth, eyes wide with shock. Cheezy science fiction and horror movies were her favorite. 
She rented the movie, ‘Child’s Play’, and forced him to watch it with her. She jumped and screamed at all the right places, and they both laughed. She had been teaching him the simple joy of watching a bad movie. 
“I can’t believe that’s the same guy who was in ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’,” he said when it ended.
“He was?” 
“Yeah. Don’t you remember Billy Bibbit?” 
She slowly shook her head, the little crinkle between her eyebrows forming. Then a look of dawning came over her face and she smiled. “Oh yeah...I remember him. The stutterer. I loved him!”
“It was the guy who played Chucky, Brad Dourif.”
“No way...” 
Anne wouldn’t believe him until he rented the movie and they watched it together. He thought it might open a discussion, and he could gain some insight into her feelings on mental illness. 
She was visibly uncomfortable watching it. She kept fidgeting and getting up to go to the bathroom, or to get something to drink. 
“What’s wrong?” he finally asked.
“Nothing. It’s a great movie. Crazy people just make me nervous, is all. I don’t like seeing them all locked up together in that place. It’s...disturbing.”
Anne shook her head after the movie. “Un-fucking-believable. Billy Bibbit is Chucky.”
Dan looked down at his hands. “You never can tell about people, huh?” 
“Poor Billy,” she said, “Why did he have to kill himself? I loved him so much.”
~~~~~
Dan watched Anne from the shadows of the Weeping Willow, wondering what she was most afraid of now. “Tar, you said you knew one of them. Is that one still there?”
“Oh yes,” Tar answered, “he’s there. There aren’t many others left. His sorrow is too much, even for them. And the more he’s with her, the more his sorrow will grow. He suffers along with her.”
“But why?” Dan asked. “Does he like suffering? Does he like causing other people to suffer?”
“It’s not that simple,” Tar said, shaking his head. “He’s a spirit that can’t let go. He can’t forgive himself - or anyone else. It’s his guilt, you see. He’s punishing himself. There’s no pain where we are, here in this…Heaven. The only real pain comes from that world. It’s the closest thing to Hell he can find.”
“Why does he punish himself? What is it he can’t forgive?”
Tar remained silent. 
Dan tried to imagine what crime this spirit had committed. Murder? Wasn’t that the worst thing a person could do? Had this spirit been a murderer when he was alive? 
Chucky. 
Dan thought about the evil little killer doll again. Then he thought about Martin Klamsky, another character played by the same actor, Brad Dourif. The movie had been ‘Istanbul’. Dan had immediately liked Martin Klamsky, felt a kindred bond. This man could be him - driven, focused, mysterious. Clearly damaged, yet honorable. 
Then Martin Klamsky had been revealed as a child molester and murderer. Dan was shocked and angered. Now he was supposed to loathe this man, hate him and be disgusted by him. And he was disgusted by him, but he found that he couldn’t hate him. 
Martin Klamsky had been trying to punish himself. 
Searching for some form of Hell in which to burn. 
At the end of the movie, the police took him away, just as he deserved, but Dan didn’t like the fact that he felt sorry for him when they did.
Tar had still not answered the questions. He had turned away from the darkness and now looked out over the green rolling fields of a beautiful May afternoon in Tennessee, a faraway look in his eyes.
“Tar?” 
Tar’s eyes remained fixed on the horizon. “What did you punish yourself for, Dan? What couldn’t you forgive? Was it worth the death sentence you imposed upon yourself?”
Dan didn’t know how to respond. He looked back at the darkness, and saw the faint shape of a man. Its piercing eyes watched Tar from the deep shadows of Despair. 
What was Tar saying? Was he supposed to feel sorry for this thing? Like Martin Klamsky, could he loathe it and pity it at the same time?
Almost as though it could hear his thoughts, it turned its gaze toward him, and for a moment their eyes locked. A shudder passed through Dan’s spirit, for he saw the depth of despair reflected in those eyes. 
Then the front door opened and his parents came out. 
Dan looked back, but the shadowy figure was gone, and only the shadow remained.
Chapter 15
And can it be that in a world so full and busy the loss of one creature makes a void so wide and deep that nothing but the width and depth of eternity can fill it up!
~ Charles Dickens
~~~~~
Anne sat alone, on the front porch of Rick’s house smoking cigarettes, one after another. 
She felt the cold shadows around her. Whispering to her. Quiet, yet insistent. “He’s gone. He’s not coming back.” Sometimes the voice seemed so real, that she turned her head, hoping that someone, anyone, would be there. 
The weight of grief was so heavy around her that at times she couldn’t move, or even breathe. Sometimes she would forget to blink. At first, she didn’t understand why her eyes burned, but now she knew, and she forced them to close until the burning subsided. 
She wondered a lot where Dan was. 
Heaven…? Hell? 
Yesterday, when she had been at Dan’s apartment, one of his neighbors had talked to her about it. “It’s such’a shame,” he said casually, in that familiar, rolling southern accent that could either be charming or irritating, depending on the words it spoke. “He seemed like such’a nice guy. And now he’s burnin’ in Hell.” 
Another slap in the face, another silent response.
A nun at the Catholic high school Anne had attended told them God would forgive a person who committed suicide because they were mentally unstable, and not responsible for their actions. Well, that seemed very nice of God. But just because it seemed nice didn’t make it true. God couldn’t forgive you unless you asked for it. The nuns had taught them that too. And if you killed yourself, how could you ask for forgiveness? It was too late. Straight to Hell you go.
Of course, none of that mattered if there was nowhere to go. And the truth was, Anne had lost her faith a long time ago. It was not due to any animosity toward the Church, or even to God. God just didn’t seem scientifically reasonable or necessary. 
Science had given her answers and religion had given her ghost stories. 
And as far as she knew, wars had never been fought over the theory of evolution. And that seemed nice too. 
But what about now? 
Could she throw out all that sensible logic just because she really, really wanted Dan to be there? Somewhere? Wasn’t that how religion got started in the first place?
Can you hear me, Dan? If you’re there, give me some kind of sign. 
The only voice she heard was that of her own guilt and despair. “He’s not here,” it whispered. “He died alone, waiting for you to save him.”
Dan had not believed in an afterlife either. Anne wondered if he had changed his mind at the end. He had been raised in some obscure religion of Middle Eastern descent. She couldn’t remember the name. He had said almost nothing about it, seeming almost embarrassed by it. 
Even though Anne had lost her faith, she still felt drawn to the Catholic traditions. She felt at home in a Catholic church. The stained glass windows were like old friends, telling her their sad tales as she sat in the pews. Mass was quiet, hushed. The lights were soft, along with the voices around her. She always knew when to stand, when to sit, when to kneel. What to say, and when to say it. There, she was expected to keep her head down, and that was fine with her. 
Dan told her he wanted to start going to mass with her. He said he wanted something to believe in that day in the hospital. That’s when she had given him her crucifix necklace. He had worn it every day since. 
Anne had looked everywhere in his apartment, but had not found the crucifix, or the silver ring she had made for him. Looking down, she twirled the matching band she wore around her finger. Had Dan died with his ring and crucifix on? Did that mean anything? 
“The only thing it means,” the voice whispered, “is that you and Jesus weren’t there for him when he needed you.” 
Her eyes burned. She closed them and saw Dan’s face. 
“That’s all you’ll ever have now, just this memory...and it will fade.”
The front door banged. She jumped and opened her eyes. Dan’s parents came out. Anne had only met them twice, and she had not seen them after Dan’s attempted suicide. The last time she talked to Leonard, she told him his son was dead. 
“Can we talk to you for a minute?” Grace asked. 
“Of course,” Anne answered.  
Grace sat beside Anne on the porch swing, but not too close. 
The gentle creaking of the chain and the soft rustling of leaves in the trees echoed in the deep corners of Anne’s vacant heart. A warm breeze carried the scent of honeysuckle and horse manure through yellow sunshine and fields of tall grass. 
“Leonard and I owe you an apology,” Grace said after a moment. 
Anne peeled her burning gaze from the waving tendrils of the old Weeping Willow tree and blinked at Grace. “Pardon me?” 
“At first, we blamed you.” Grace’s eyes and nose were red and shiny. Her chin quivered and she dropped her head in her hands with a choking sob, unable to continue.
Leonard stood by the door, his head hung low, hands shoved deep in his pockets. “We…know it’s not your fault now. We’re sorry we ever blamed you. We just… we just didn’t know what to think.” His voice trembled and his eyes glistened.
“It’s okay.” Anne placed her hand on Grace’s shoulder. “I don’t know what to think either. I was afraid you still blamed me…thank you.”
The chain creaked. 
The sun shined. 
The grass waved. 
“Can I ask,” Anne said after several minutes, “what changed your mind?”
Grace looked up and took Anne’s hand. “It was seeing how upset you are. Looking in your eyes. We can see how much you loved him.”
They relaxed. They cried. They even managed to smile a few times. Anne told them about the neighbor’s comment that Dan was now burning in Hell. “So, what does your religion say? Is he in Hell?” she ventured. 
“No,” Leonard answered. “There is no Hell. God loves everyone, and we all go to the same place after we die.”
Anne thought about that for a moment and then asked, “No Hell for anyone? Not even for… like...Hitler?”
A thin smile formed on Leonard’s tired face. “No. Not even for Hitler.” 
“What about people from other religions? They all go to the same place?”
“Yes. We all go to the same place. God doesn’t care what religion you follow. 
This religion sounded interesting. Anne wished Dan had told her more about it. “What’s your religion called again?” 
“The Baha’i Faith.”
The name didn’t sound any more familiar to Anne now, then it had when Dan first told her about it. 
As she talked with his parents, and the gentle acceptance of each other grew, she thought, perhaps, she could try needing these people after all. 
Chapter 16
Thou hast written of the severe calamity that hath befallen thee - the death (by suicide) of thy respected husband. That honorable man hath been so subjected to the stress and strain of this world that his greatest wish was for deliverance from it. 
Such is this mortal abode: a storehouse of afflictions and suffering...The wise man, therefore, doth not attach himself to this mortal life and doth not depend upon it; at some moments, even he, eagerly wisheth for death that he may thereby be freed from these sorrows and afflictions. Thus it is seen that some, under extreme pressure of anguish, have committed suicide.
As to thy husband, rest assured. He will be immersed in the ocean of pardon and forgiveness and will become the recipient of bounty and favor.
~ Abdu’l-Baha (Teachings of the Baha’i Faith)
~~~~~
In the Baha’i Faith, the deceased must be buried no more than one hour’s travel from the place of death. To do otherwise, might cause confusion for the departed soul, delaying their passage to the next life. For Anne, the realization that Dan would be staying here meant losing him for a second time. Nashville had taken him away from her, and like a jealous, jilted lover, would keep him forever. If I can’t have him, no one else can either, it seemed to taunt Anne. 
The funeral would be tomorrow. Dan’s family was at the funeral home today to view and help prepare his body in accordance with their burial rituals. 
The police had given Dan’s parents the personal effects he had on him when he died. The silver ring and crucifix necklace Anne had given him. She watched as Emily brought these things out of her purse, each one in a small plastic zip bag. Inside each bag, a small part of Dan. Each item was covered with his blood. 
Emily handed them to the funeral director. “These will have to be cleaned.” 
Anne’s hand intercepted the small bags as the funeral director reached out for them. “I gave these to him.” She pulled them carefully to her, as if claiming them. “Can I put them on him?”
Emily looked at Anne for a moment, perhaps wondering who she was, this woman that her dead brother had worn a crucifix for. “Of course,” she finally managed to say. 
Anne pulled the items out, examining each in turn. She studied the smears of blood as if hoping to find an answer there. 
“Would you like me to clean those for you?” the funeral director asked. 
“No.” Why would she want him to wash part of Dan away? She had so little of him left now.
As they were led by the director, through the funeral home toward Dan, the scenery around Anne blurred. They reached a door, which she instantly knew was the door. 
That door’s going to open, and I’m going to see you dead, she had just enough time to think before it opened. 
And she saw him. 
Dead.
~~~~~
Dan had not spent much time with his body after it was taken from his apartment. Tar had tried to convince him to watch his autopsy, saying that it would help Dan ‘let go’. But Dan didn’t have the nerve or the stomach for it. 
Now, as he looked down at his body, with his family around him, the truth of his situation hit him in a new and surprising way. 
No, he had not been in denial, exactly. And although he had fantasized about finding a way back, he understood that it wouldn’t be possible. 
But there must have been a buried hope somewhere, so small, so hidden, that he had not even been aware of its existence. Because all at once, it opened the doors to its hiding place and cried out. A pitiful, silent wail rose up from deep in his heart, and his legs grew weak. He faltered, and almost fell to his knees. 
There were no more secret places now. 
It was over. 
He was dead. 
He would never again be alive. 
Never be able to walk with them. Talk with them. Breathe, eat, sleep, fight, with them. Those terrible, wonderful, hideous, beautiful, flawed but perfect people that he loved so much. They were all there, separate but together, on that cursed and yet glorious place called Earth. 
They were there, and he was not. 
The shades of Despair which had clung to Anne for so many days swirled around him now, reaching out to him. Here, they seemed to find another source of pain that was raw and pure. Maybe, if they couldn’t have her, they could have him. They caressed him lovingly and whispered in his ear. “Come with us...come with us...” 
And then Dan did fall to his knees. And, finally, saw a long tunnel. He looked down that tunnel, into the means to his escape. Would he find release at the end? 
He started to fall forward into it, the dusky spirits ready to catch him, when suddenly, someone shook him hard. He looked up into the face of an angel. 
Tar.
The shades recoiled in Tar’s presence. Dan saw a man standing in the corner alone, just before the shades returned to him, and he disappeared into them.
Tar pulled Dan to his feet. “What the hell are you doing?” 
“I-I- don’t know…what happened,” Dan said shakily.
“Why did you come here without me?” Tar asked. 
Dan’s head spun and his vision trembled along with his legs. He blinked several times in an effort to reorient himself. 
Tar sighed and shook his head. “You should have gone to your autopsy like I told you.” 
They watched in silence, as one by one, his family left the room, leaving Anne alone with Dan’s body and Dan’s spirit. The two forever separated. 
~~~~~
Dan’s body lay on a table, a white blanket pulled up to his chin. Anne wanted to touch him, but fear, colder than the refrigerated room she stood in, paralyzed her. Black and purple bruises ringed his eyes, and she saw faint traces of dried blood in his nose and ears. His hair, still damp from being washed, had been parted neatly and combed to the sides. Dan would have hated it.
Working up the courage, she reached out and touched his arm through the blanket. The hardness of his arm startled her. She hadn’t been prepared for that feeling. Resisting the urge to recoil, she forced her hand to stay there. 
Coldness seeped through the blanket and into her fingertips. 
Anne closed her eyes, inhaled deeply, and swallowed, fighting back a wave of nausea. Her hand moved up along his arm to his shoulder, then at last, his face. Bare skin, hard and cold.
She stepped nearer and put her hands on either side of his face, just below the holes which were filled with flesh colored wax. Resting her forehead on his, she closed her eyes. Your poor broken head. What did you do to yourself?
His cheek twitched. She jumped slightly and looked up hopefully, about to say something, when she realized that the twitching must just the result of some biological process of decay. 
Closing her eyes and resting her forehead back on his. She felt the muscle twitching in his cheek, and for just this moment, pretended he was alive.
Fear of his body faded. 
She grasped his hand and tried to interlace her fingers with his. Cold unyielding flesh, like a vise, tightened on her own. The pulse in her fingers throbbed, and a purple tinge began to color the tips. She finally had to release his hand. “I’m sorry, Dan, but you’re hurting my fingers.”
She put his silver ring back on his finger, where it belonged. She touched the crucifix around her neck, but did not put it around his. “Jesus wasn’t there for you when you needed him,” she whispered. She wrapped her hand around his and laid her head on his chest. How many times had she done this? More than simply listening to a heartbeat, this had been her affirmation, her confirmation. 
There had been so much life churning inside him. She felt it, heard it, immersed herself in it. 
Her head rising and falling with each breath he took. The vibration of his heartbeat caressing her face. The windy rush of air moving in and out of his lungs. The muffled thudding of his heart, the gurgling of his stomach, the creaking and popping of his joints. His body had been a cacophony of sights and sounds and sensations which she delighted in, for it meant that he was real and he loved her. 
Now his chest was hard and cold. Still and quiet. 
She found herself holding her breath in an effort to hear even the minutest of sounds. Her heart pounded inside her chest and her ears rang until finally she took a choking gasp of air. 
Dan’s body remained still and quiet. 
He was no longer there. 
And then the last of her hope - the small, buried part that she kept hidden inside - broke out of its hiding place. The same anguished, yet silent, wail burst forth from deep in Anne’s heart. The final bit broke away. The last vestiges of an irrational but sturdy piece of hope - the hope she held onto these last few days, or had it been years? It left her now, flying away, into the recesses of that still, quiet heart.
An unfamiliar feeling of helplessness crawled over her, an inky coldness seeped into her heart. The force of her despair came crashing down and she let it crush her. She had been fighting it for days, trying to hold onto her sanity and self-control, but now she let it take her.
~~~~~
Dan noticed the dark spirits leaving from where they hovered close to her, small wisps breaking off and fading away. The room became brighter as more and more of the darkness lifted. For a joyous, fleeting moment he thought the Despair was releasing her from its cruel embrace. 
Then he saw what stepped forth from the darkness. 
The man he caught mere glimpses of before, now stood beside her, fully formed. 
Dressed in shadows, pale skin, long black hair. Gauzy filaments of inky blackness clung to him, unwilling to let go. He held out his hands and touched her head which still lay on Dan’s chest. And the last of the clinging tendrils fell away from him. 
“Do you see him?” Tar asked.
Dan nodded. “I see him. Who is he? The one you told me about?”
“Yes,” Tar answered. “He’s called Rale.” 
Dan regarded the man for a moment longer. “He looks like another movie star, Brad Dourif.”
Tar gave him a sidelong glance. “What is it with you and movie stars?” 
Makes perfect sense, Dan thought. And, he supposed the decision had been made under that Weeping Willow tree, when he had been thinking about Chucky, and Billy Bibbit, and Martin Klamsky. 
Her fear and his. 
Personified.
~~~~~
Anne couldn’t imagine ever walking out of this room and leaving him behind. 
“How will I make myself walk out of here?” She said aloud.
Her despair wrapped its arms around her and whispered in her ear. “You won’t have to. Soon they will come and take you away.”
That was a comforting thought. 
So she laid her head on Dan’s chest and waited. 
And yes, just as the voice promised, they came for her.
“Come on,” Leonard said, “it’s time to go.” He put his hands on her shoulders, and gently led her out the door. 
Chapter 17
Dan stood alone beside his grave in an obscure little cemetery on the outskirts of Nashville. He had been dead for over a week now. Tar had wandered off, as he often did. He must have stayed close, however, for he always came back when Dan called his name. 
In the distance, he could just see the highway he had driven so many times when he had been alive. It was quiet here, except for the gentle wooshing of the distant traffic, and the lilting birdsong from the few trees that dotted the bumpy, uneven lawn. 
Heaps of wilting flowers covered the mound of dirt that marked his grave. Plastic flowers, some bright and cheery, others faded and frayed, marked the graves of his eternal neighbors. The occasional plastic angel or cross or vase, tilted or fallen over, were sprinkled among the clusters of forgotten flowers. 
Dan looked toward the highway, the spark of sunlight on metal glinting in the distance. He always hated that traffic, every morning forcing himself to pull out of his apartment parking lot and go to work. 
I’ll never be in that traffic again. Now, it will be forever passing me by.
He had kept his distance from Anne these past few days. The dark spirit was always with her now. Rale, Tar called him. Had they known each other in life? Or only in death? 
Dan tried to find out more about Tar, but he would say very little. 
“I let go of that life, Dan. That’s been over and done for a very long time.”
But Dan saw something in Tar’s eyes that made him wonder if that were true. Sometimes he saw a longing, and a remembering, and a certain kind of sadness that meant he still held onto something.
“Are you going to haunt this graveyard?” Tar unexpectedly asked him.
Dan jumped. “Tar, you startled me. What are you doing here?”
“I might ask you the same question. You spend so much time here. Why?”
Dan sighed. “I’m not sure, really. I don’t know where to go…what to do... I don’t want to leave her, but, the truth is, I don’t want to be around Rale.”
“It’s all right, I understand. I don’t like being around him either.” Tar paused. “You know…you could move on now. Let go of all this.”
Dan was silent for a few moments before responding. “I wish I could. But I’m not ready to leave her.”
“Well then, you’ll have to get over your fear of Rale,” Tar replied. “Because he’s not going to leave her anytime soon either.”
Chapter 18
Dear Dan,
This book about grief says I should start a journal. I’m supposed to write down everything I wish I could say to you and what I’m feeling and thinking. 
I mean, really? How I’m feeling? I’m feeling pretty fucking sad. It’s not that complicated, is it? 
Okay, how about what I’m thinking? 
I think about time a lot now. 
And God. 
It sounds cliché about realizing the value of time, but it’s true. I’ve always taken it for granted. I remember when I told you we didn’t have to talk to each other every day. You used to drive me crazy calling me all the time. Did you know that?
The first few days after you died, I kept calling your office phone so I could hear your voice mail greeting. Over and over I would call, until that voice was taken away from me too, when they disconnected your line. I left so many messages…I wonder if anyone listened to them?
I’ve spent hours and hours believing that if I just try hard enough, I can go back in time, to our last kiss. I lay here alone in my apartment trying to will myself backwards in time. I’m not speaking metaphorically. I believe that I can go back in time and change all this. Pretty hilarious, huh? 
Sometimes I think I don’t have the power to go back in time, but God does. And so I lay her and I try to make deals with a God that I never believed in, to work a miracle that I fully realize is impossible. I promise God that I will devote my life to him and spend the rest of my life in service to him, if he will just let me open my eyes and be back at that moment. No one would have to know but me. It would be our little secret. An all-powerful God could make it happen. 
If I can just convince him, I can save you. 
It’s pathetic, it’s wildly irrational. But nonetheless, I sit for hours every day trying to make it happen. 
I open my eyes over and over. 
And nothing.
So, I give up on God. He’s just a fairytale anyway, I tell myself. 
I go back to trying to make it happen through the sheer force of my own will power. I go over in my mind the days leading up to your death, like it’s my do-over. If I can figure out what I did wrong, what I missed, what I should have done or said, then somehow, it will magically all be fixed. I’ll go back in time. I’ll open my eyes, and you’ll be standing in front of me. And then I’ll save you.
I don’t know why I start thinking this way. Right now, I’m rational and know that nothing will ever bring you back. 
You are dead, and that’s the way you will stay forever. 
God is not real. 
Time travel is not possible. 
But, something changes when I start thinking. My thoughts develop a will of their own, and drag me down into this fantasy land of make believe where I literally have the power to change the course of history. If I just believe it strongly enough. Pray good enough. Wish hard enough. 
And as irrational as I know these thoughts are, I’m completely devastated all over again when it doesn’t work and you’re still dead.
I keep on doing my do-over, but nothing changes...what the hell? 
So I think I must have done it wrong. And I go back again, trying to re-do my do-over. I’ll open my eyes and - poof! 
You’re still dead...
Fuck...
~ Anne
Chapter 19
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief...and unspeakable love.
~ Washington Irving
~~~~~
Anne spent five days in Tennessee, and when she returned to Indianapolis, she spent another week alone in her apartment. No one called or came over, and she felt it best to let Alexandra stay with her father. 
Her appetite and thirst had long vanished. In Nashville she had been with people who insisted she eat something. Alone now, however, that pressure was gone. For five days she ate nothing, and drank almost nothing. 
Typical for late May in Indiana, the weather was hot and humid, yet Anne turned the air conditioner off. Perhaps it was because of the chill that clung to her spirit. 
Perhaps it was because she searched for some form of Hell in which to burn. 
The heat crept in and wrapped around her, along with the cold shadows of grief. 
The heavy sweater she wore slid over damp skin, causing prickly red rashes to rise on her stomach and neck. Her vision blurred as stinging sweat dripped into eyes already swollen and tender from salty tears.
Anne stopped bothering with her contact lens in Nashville. Now her glasses slid down over the perspiration on her face, etching red, shiny furrows in her nose as she constantly pushed them back up. The moist heat from her face and eyes fogged the lenses. She wiped the inside with equally moist fingers which smudged and smeared the glass. 
A sudden bolt of anger drew her hand up to grab the infernal glasses and slammed them into the floor over and over and over again. Then she cradled the broken pieces in her hands, tears streaming down her sweaty face, because once again, she had destroyed something precious to her. 
Occasionally, the heat overwhelmed her and she got up to stick her head in the ice box for just a few blessed moments of relief. She saw a carton of French Vanilla ice cream, Dan’s favorite flavor. Two days before he died they had snuggled on the couch eating this ice cream together, watching one of Anne’s bad science fiction moves, ‘Death Machine’.
At the moment when the cop looked up and said “Holy donuts!” right before the death machine fell on top of him, Dan had groaned and laughed. “Oh my God, Anne, this movie is so bad. How can you like this crap?”
Anne giggled and scooped some more ice cream out of the carton Dan held. “Oh man, what are you talking about? I love this movie! The bad guy is so awesome. It’s your buddy, Brad Dourif. Did you know that? It’s the dude who plays Chucky and Billy Bibbit.”
“The only thing awesome about this movie,” he said, “is the ice cream.” 
Now, looking at the carton through the swirling fog rushing out of the ice box and over her hot face, a wave of nausea rolled through her stomach. 
Why was the ice cream still here and Dan was not? 
She smoked cigarettes and watched the same three VHS tapes over and over again, ‘Galaxy Quest’, ‘Re-animator’, and ‘Death Machine’, only getting up to go to the bathroom, or to go smoke on the porch, or to hit the rewind and play button on the VCR. 
Muscles around her face and throat and abdomen tightened, strained, ached from strenuous and prolonged sobbing, until finally they trembled with exhaustion. 
And then, at last, an expansive yawn released her and drew her down into a fitful yet welcome unconsciousness. There she dreamed dark dreams that reflected her dark spirit. 
In one dream, she saw the detective again. “I’m sorry,” he said, “There’s nothing I can do.” Then his face started changing, morphing into the face of Dr. Herbert West, the re-animator. 
He held up his hand, and instead of holding a pen, he now held a large syringe, filled with glowing yellow fluid. At the end of the syringe, a long, silver needle gleamed. “There’s something I can do for him.” 
Dr. West, crazy eyes set with determination, leaned over, moving the syringe downward. Anne saw with horror, that Dan’s body lay on the metal gurney before him, and the needle hovered just above his head.
“No!” Anne shouted, reaching for the syringe. 
“What’s wrong?” Dr. West asked reproachfully. “I thought you wanted him back? I can give him life!” He slammed the needle into the bloody hole in the side of Dan’s head and pushed the plunger down, the bright yellow fluid disappearing into Dan’s flesh. 
Nothing happened. 
Dr. West hung his head and sighed heavily. “Not fresh enough. If only I’d gotten to him sooner.” The tone of his voice was sharp-edged, accusing. When he looked up, Anne saw disappointment in his eyes. “I would have gotten to him sooner. I never would have left him alone. You didn’t love him enough.”
And then, Dan’s eyes blinked rapidly. He brought his hands up to his head, and screamed. He sat up and turned to look at Anne with dead eyes. “Why didn’t you save me?” he asked, and then growling like a wild animal, arms flung out before him, he lunged at her. 
Anne woke screaming, and reached with shaking hands for a cigarette. She went out onto the porch to smoke and watch the night sky move slowly above her. 
As time passed, she had to go to the bathroom less and less. She still cried, but seemed to have used up all her tears, for no more fell and her eyes became dry and red. Although she was as hot as ever, she must have become acclimated to the heat because she no longer sweated at all. Her lips became chapped and cracked, but at least the prickly rash went away. 
She didn’t smoke as much either because the porch was too far away to bother with. More and more, her routine reduced itself to play…rewind…play…rewind.
It was a strange comfort for her, a way to go back in time. Back to the beginning of the movie. She had complete control over the lives of those tiny people in the TV. 
Some of them, she could even bring back to life just by hitting a button. 
Do-over. 
No matter how many times she rewound them, however, the movies always ended the same and the same people still died in the same ways.
Sometimes, she didn’t have the strength to get up and hit the rewind button and the credits slowly rolled over the screen to the end of the tape. Then she stared at the blue screen until her eyes burned and she remembered to blink them. 
She talked to Dan less and less, and to the voice in her head more and more. She stopped asking “Where are you?” and started asking “Where is he?” 
And a now familiar voice answered her. “He’s gone. He’s dead. It’s all your fault.”
Was that voice real? Or was she just making it up in her head? An attempt to create a companion where one no longer existed?
Then, a man began coming to her in her dreams, a shadowy figure, who always reached for her. Anne was afraid of him. She would dissolve if he touched her. She tried to run away, but always came back to him. He looked like the bad guy from ‘Death Machine’. 
“You aren’t real,” she finally said. “You’re just a scary guy from a movie.”
“No...” he answered, reaching for her, “I’m real.” 
Or had he said ‘Rale’? Anne wondered, after she woke up, groggy and disoriented. 
It only took a few seconds for the pain to sink in. She didn’t exactly forget when she slept, but somehow after waking, she remembered all over again. And for that fleeting moment, it was fresh and new.
Dan’s dead. 
Easy as pie.
In the darkness of her quiet bedroom Anne searched for a sign of Dan as she did every night. Scanning the room, she caught the glimmer of eyes watching her from the corner. Her own eyes flicked back to the corner, but it must have been only the glint of a passing car’s headlights reflected on the wall. 
Where is he? 
Chapter 20
To Anne, it seemed that Dan’s troubles didn’t start until he moved to Nashville. She didn’t want him to go in the first place, but he insisted it would be a great opportunity. “This job is going to fix everything, I can tell.” he had said to her, his eyes wild and darting. 
“Fix everything? What needs fixing?” she replied, a little crinkle between her eyebrows. 
His gaze froze, and he looked down, and shrugged. “Well, nothing…I mean…it’s just a great opportunity is all.”
By the beginning of March, all that began to change. He became more and more dissatisfied every day. 
“Just come back home,” Anne told him several times. You hate that town, and that job, but we love you here. Come home.” 
Dan resisted at first, saying he would feel like a failure for giving up so soon. But at last he had agreed to return when the lease expired on her apartment at the end of June. They looked at two bedroom apartments together. Anne began collecting boxes. She even went to see a divorce attorney, something which was long overdue.
Then an unexpected thing happened at the end of April, a week after they signed the lease agreement on their new place. Dan called her and told her he wanted to end the relationship. 
“What are you talking about?” Anne asked, bewildered. 
“I just don’t think this is going to work”
“But we signed a lease agreement together…” 
“Yeah, I know, I’m sorry, but I just don’t think this is going to work...look, I have to go…” He hung up, and left Anne staring at the phone in her hand. She tried to call him back several times, but the phone just rang. 
Later that night, she got a phone call from Sarah. Dan was in the hospital. 
The next morning, she drove down to Nashville, going to his apartment first, in order to find some kind of answer. 
A note. 
Something.
But she found nothing there, except an unbelievably large pool of blood. The coppery, musty scent of it wrapped heavily around her, filling her nose and mouth. She brought both hands up, trying to shield her face from the assault. 
Next to the pool of blood lay an empty bottle of whiskey and an ashtray full of bloody cigarettes. Anne imagined him sitting on the floor, smoking cigarette after bloody cigarette, slowly dying. Would it have been slow, or long? She wondered. How long does it take to bleed to death?
Anne knelt in front of the large pool, and touched it. Her fingernail disappeared in the depth of the cold, sticky blood. She caught her breath. My God, how did he survive this?
Later that morning, Anne stood in the doorway of Dan’s hospital room. They looked at each other in silence. 
“What are you doing here?” Dan finally asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
Anne smiled. The image of him became bleary behind the tears in her eyes. “I came to see you. Did you think I wouldn’t come?” 
Dan looked down. “I told Rick I didn’t want to see you.”
~~~~~
Anne had met Rick in the hospital cafeteria before coming up to Dan’s room. He bore into her like a precision scalpel. 
Questioning. 
Accusing. 
“What did you do to him, Anne?” he asked almost immediately. 
“I-I…” Anne stammered, “I didn’t do anything. I have no idea what happened. He called me yesterday and broke up with me out of the blue.”
“Why?” Rick scowled at her. “Did you guys fight about something? Something happened, damn it. I’ve known him practically my whole life and Dan would never try to kill himself. You did something to him, and by God, I’m not going to let you go up there until I find out what it was.”
Anne was not the type to cry easily. It was something she detested watching others do, and even more, detested doing herself. Nevertheless, she felt the watery devils welling up in her eyes, which she opened a little wider in an effort to contain them. She sighed, and slumped heavily in the chair across from Rick. Against her will, she blinked and the infernal tears slid down her face and hung on her cheek, testifying to all the world of her weakness. “He called me, Rick. He broke up with me. And I have no idea why. What did he tell you? Does he blame me?”
Rick studied her face, as if trying to find her guilt or innocence there. She sat up a little straighter, knowing she had nothing to feel guilty about. 
Did she?
Finally, Rick sighed and dropped his gaze, his voice softening. “No, Anne. He didn’t blame you. He told me the same thing you just told me. He said it had nothing to do with you.”
“Then why, Rick? Why did you blame me?”
He shook his head. “Because he is the last person on Earth that I would think capable of this.”
~~~~~
As she looked at Dan, lying in a hospital bed, telling her he didn’t want to see her, the nameless guilt reared up again. 
Was it her fault? 
Anne’s voice trembled. “Why don’t you want to see me? Did I do something wrong?”
“No,” Dan answered weakly.
“Then why?” 
A tear slipped from the corner of his eye and traced a shimmering line down the dry skin of his face. “I didn’t want you to see me like this.”
Anne’s fear and uncertainty vanished and she walked over to him. She had never seen him cry. As she got closer, she saw both of his arms, heavily bandaged and splinted at his sides. “My God, what happened? Why…?” 
Dan wouldn’t look her in the eyes, something else she had never seen. She reached out to touch his arm, but he pulled away. “I really don’t want to talk about it right now, okay? I’m not ready.” He looked down at his hands.
“Okay, Dan, it’s okay. I’m just glad you’re all right.” She paused. “Do you want me to leave?”
He looked up, red eyes brimming with tears. “No,” he said in a trembling voice, “don’t leave.”
After surgery to repair the tendons Dan cut in his left wrist, they moved him to the psychiatric floor. He only spent a week there. They diagnosed him as Clinically Depressed, which he staunchly denied, and Obsessive Compulsive, which he scoffed at. They gave him some medication, which he refused to take, and discharged him. 
Easy peasy, lemon breezy. 
None of the staff from that floor ever said anything to Anne. When she asked the nurse behind plexi-glass if she could talk to his doctor, the nurse replied without looking up from her paper work, “Are you family?” 
“Well, I’m his fiancée.”
“Sorry, we can’t disclose medical information to you. Spouses or legal guardians only.”
“Look,” Anne said, “I’m the one he’s coming home with, and I think I need to know what’s going on with him. Now I want to talk to his doctor.” 
The nurse looked up and raised her eyebrow. “His doctor is not going to talk to you about anything. It’s a privacy issue.”
Anne felt red heat warming her pale face. She clenched her jaw and said through gritted teeth, “I knew this would be a waste of time. You’re all the same. Completely useless.”
She picked him up from the hospital, and he spent the last two weeks of his life with her and Alexandra. They went to the Grand Ole Opry, and saw the Titanic exhibit. Each ticket had a passenger name printed on it. Inside the exhibit was a list of names - who survived, who perished. They laughed and considered it a lucky omen, because according to their tickets they all three survived the ill-fated voyage. Anne and Alexandra held their hands as long as they could on a giant block of ice and then snuck up behind Dan and put their cold hands under his shirt. Dan shouted in surprise and grabbed them, laughing all the while. 
 They visited the Greek Parthenon replica in Nashville. Alexandra curled her hands into claws and chased Dan. “Im’a nasty giant, and Im’a gonna eat you up!” Dan fell on the ground and let her climb over him as she raked him with her nasty claws and bit him with her sharp, nasty teeth. 
They went to Mammoth Cave and Dan carried Alexandra through most of it. In Indianapolis, they went to the zoo, and the Children’s Museum, and the Art museum. The Art museum garden was one of their favorite places to visit. They paused on the bridge and kissed, and Alexandra covered her eyes and said, “Ewww!” 
When Anne fell asleep on Dan’s couch, he and Alexandra covered her legs with Easter stickers, from her ankles, all the way up to just below the bottom of her shorts. Anne laughed and said she loved it, and when they went out to dinner that night, she left the stickers on her legs. Alexandra squealed with delight and told everyone who would listen to her, “I decorated my mama!” 
Several times Dan assured her that he was not depressed, that he was glad to be alive, and that he did not want to die. It never quite made sense to Anne, but she didn’t push the issue because she didn’t want to put more pressure on him. He seemed genuinely happy, so it was probably best to just forget about it, and move on. Dwelling on it too much would only embarrass him. 
Besides, she would have plenty of time to talk to him about it later, after his physical wounds had healed, and he was back home living with her. 
Then, everything would be fine.
Sunday, May twentieth had been their last day together. They stayed in bed most of the day and made love. What Anne didn’t know was that the gun which would kill him lay only a few feet away, inside his duffel bag. He had gone over to his parents the night before and snuck it out of their house while she had been at work. 
She had to leave for work that Sunday afternoon. He would be leaving for Nashville shortly after, returning to his job Monday morning. 
Sometimes, he would wait for her to get home from work before leaving. When she got home around 1 am, they would sleep together for a few hours, before he would silently slip away around 4 am to make the long drive back to Nashville. 
Anne had waited too long to get out of bed this Sunday, and was going to be late for work. She rushed around, trying to get ready. Dan sat on the couch and she had her back to him. “Are you going to be here when I get home tonight?” she asked. 
“No. I have to get going. I have a bunch of stuff to do...unless you want me to stay...do you want me to be here when you get home?”
Anne couldn’t see his face. She stood with her back to him. She tilted her head and a little crinkle formed between her eyebrows. It seemed rather odd. They had specifically taken care of everything in Nashville before driving up to Indy so that he would not have anything to worry about before his return to work. 
What could he possibly have to do? She wondered for the briefest of moments before blinking and shaking her head. 
“No, that’s okay. If you have stuff to do, go ahead and do it.”
Chapter 21
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Anne screamed to her empty apartment. “Why didn’t I turn around and look at him? Why didn’t I tell him to stay?”
She was lying in bed, once again thinking about all the things she did wrong. All the signs she didn’t see. Stinging silence echoed through her ears and grew louder. Why, she wondered, did her eyes also sting? Oh right, she realized, and closed them. 
When she opened them again, she saw Rale sitting in the faded blue rocker beside the bed.
He leaned forward and looked in her eyes. “You didn’t tell him to stay because secretly, you were glad to be getting rid of him.”
Anne closed her eyes, and then opened them again. 
Rale was still there. 
“You aren’t real,” she said, with some hesitation in her voice.
Rale said nothing. 
She sat up in bed and blinked her eyes several times, but he remained. “You aren’t real,” she repeated. 
“Then what am I?” His wild blue eyes seemed to look right into her soul. A long strand of black hair fell forward into his pale face. 
Anne tried to think, but her head swam dizzily through a haze of black spots. Dry, cracked lips stung as she grimaced from the grinding waves of nausea that churned in her stomach. “I’m…hallucinating. I-I-haven’t had anything to eat or drink for days. It’s…dehydration.”
Pushing the strand of hair away, Rale winked at her, a subtle smile on his face. “That’s possible. Why don’t you get something to drink, and see if I go away.”
Anne wondered why she didn’t hallucinate a vision of Dan. Why this alarming looking man? He looked like the shadow man from her dreams. Rale? Was that his name? Is he real? No, of course not. She had just watched that movie too many times, she supposed, and now this man had seeped into her insanity. 
Still. She didn’t want to get up and get something to drink, because she didn’t want this hallucination to go away. At least it talked to her. “I wasn’t glad to get rid of him.”
“It’s okay.” He spoke quietly, gently. Lulling her senses. “I understand. With him gone, you were finally going to be able to relax. You had been holding your breath for weeks.”
“No...that’s not true…,” she said weakly.
“He was so much responsibility. Your responsibility. Never quite knowing what to say. Always tip toeing around the edges of his feelings. Always afraid you would say the wrong things, never knowing how to say the right things.”
Anne remained silent, transfixed by the sound of his voice, by the spark in his electric blue eyes. Her own eyes burned, as she could not look away from him, even for the merest moment it would take to blink. If she blinked, he might disappear.
Rale leaned back in the chair, his elbows on the armrest. He drew his hands up in front of him and rested his fingertips against each other. “Your whole world had to revolve around him. Always afraid that at any moment he would break into a thousand tiny pieces.” 
They looked at each other. 
Everything Rale said was true. 
Dan going back to Nashville, back to his job, meant that things would go back to the way they had been. She didn’t have to be responsible for saving his life anymore. He was healed. She would have a few days to relax and not worry about him. When he returned, he could go back to being the most perfect man she had ever known. 
“Did he want me to tell him to stay?” she asked.
Rale inclined his head toward her. “What do you think?”
When she remained silent he went on. “He was waiting for a sign. He gave you signs, Anne. And he hoped you would give him one. But you never did.”
Anne thought back to that Sunday afternoon. Dan had walked her out to the car. He held her hand as they walked out together, but she was trying to hurry. Afraid of being late to work.
“I’ll miss you,” she said to him when they stopped in front of her car. He put his arms around her and started to kiss her. She tried to break away from him. “Honey, I don’t have time, I’ve got to go!” 
Dan tightened his hold on her, not letting her get away. He put his hand on her cheek and turned her face to his. “You have time for one last kiss.”
Anne’s momentary irritation melted away as she looked in his eyes. He kissed her long and passionately. It was the kind of kiss you see in movies. Her heart raced, and her stomach fluttered. She was smiling as his face moved away from hers, but he was not. He looked sad. “Gosh, Dan, you’re acting like we’re never going to see each other again. It’s only going to be a few days, silly.” 
He smiled for the first time. “I know, but it will seem like an eternity to me.”
She shook her head playfully as she got in her car and smiled at him through the open window. “My hopeless romantic. I love you. Call me as soon as you get home.” 
“All right, I will. I love you too.” 
As she drove away, she saw him in her rear view mirror, walking back to her apartment. A bright, warm, glorious May day surrounded him. He had his hands in his pockets, and a distant look on his face. 
It was the last time she would ever see him alive. 
The last moments of life in a rear view mirror. 
He looks so sad, she thought to herself, and almost...almost...turned the car around and went back to him, but she was already so late. He would be fine, she told herself. I can’t afford to lose any more time...
Anne leaned toward Rale, and whispered. “I almost turned the car around.” 
Rale brought his hands together in a gesture of prayer and lifted them to his lips. He sighed and nodded gently, speaking from behind his hands. “I know. You almost saved him.” 
He dropped his hands back down to the armrests, the volume of his voice rising, almost pleading. “He hoped you would come back. He hoped after that kiss you would stay with him. You told him to call you when he got home, but when he did, you didn’t answer the phone. Why? In the deepest hour of his despair, he reached out to you, hoping that you would take his hand in your own, and you just...” Rale didn’t finish the sentence, and for the first time, he looked away from her, shaking his head.
“I couldn’t answer the phone,” she said in a weak voice. “I was in the middle of an assay...”
She had been at work, holding a tall glass pipette, transferring acid into a beaker when the phone rang at 11 pm. She looked up, wondering if it was him. But she could never get to it in time. She could call him later.
Rale looked back at her, eyes blazing with accusation. “But you never did call him back. Why?”
“It was a hectic night...I was so busy...I never got the chan––” 
“No!” Rale’s voice flung the sharp word at her, stinging her, and she flinched. “That’s what you tell everyone else, but I know the truth. You had time. You could have called him. But you wanted to make him suffer. Just a little bit. You wanted to punish him for everything he had put you through.”
“Shut up!” Anne yelled at him, “You’re not real! That’s not true!”
“It is true, and you know it! He disappointed you. The perfect man - not so perfect after all. So, you didn’t call him back. You wanted to let him suffer. And he did suffer. He waited for hours. Just to hear your voice. That would have saved him. He thought you might call when you got home from work, but you didn’t. Why?”
Anne couldn’t speak. She didn’t want to talk to this hallucination anymore. She wanted it to go away.
Rale narrowed his eyes and sneered at her. “I know what you tell everyone - it was late, you didn’t want to wake him, you were tired. But we both know that’s not true. You weren’t quite done punishing him, were you? You had been at his beck and call for three weeks. He could wait a little while longer. The crazy son of a bitch could wait until morning. But there would never be another morning for him. He died alone, thinking you didn’t care about him. All because of your petty...selfish...”
“Shut up!” Anne screamed. She was going insane. She closed her eyes and crawled to the end of the bed. Darkness swirled around her and she realized she was losing consciousness. She shook her head, trying to hang onto her lucidity, and fell onto the floor. 
As she dragged herself to the bathroom, she realized a demon had come to torment her for letting him die. Perhaps she was dying right now, and he would drag her to Hell with him. Any moment, his hand would tear into her flesh and pull. 
With trembling hands, she turned on the faucet and splashed water on her face. She tried to drink, but her mouth and throat were so dry that it was impossible to swallow. The trickle of water ran down her throat, searing like flames. 
When she finally worked up the courage to return to the bedroom, Rale was gone. 
Part 2
Forgiveness.
I never realized how important it was when I was alive. I spent my life forgiving others, but did not realize that I could forgive myself. I thought I had to fix myself, fix all the things that I thought were broken. 
I thought I was weak, and I finally lost hope that I would ever become strong. I did not realize that I could forgive myself for my weaknesses. 
Now, as I watch them, with my eyes finally open, I can see how they also struggle with their own burdens of guilt. They search for forgiveness that they don’t think they deserve. 
Anne searches for forgiveness from me, knowing I can never give it to her. 
Will she ever be able to forgive herself? 
And what will become of her if she can’t?
~ Dan
Chapter 22
In every child who is born, in no matter what circumstances, and no matter what parents, the potentiality of the human race is born again. 
~ James Agee
~~~~~
May slipped into June. 
Anne had been alone in her apartment for almost two weeks. Her mother and some of her friends called a few times, but Anne assured them everything was fine. Being around other people was exhausting and she just wanted to be left alone. 
She still could eat very little, but she forced herself to drink water every day. The incident with Rale scared her. Did dehydration cause hallucinations? Or could this grief literally be driving her insane? Whatever it was, Anne decided, she needed to get a grip on reality. 
She called Tom, and he brought Alexandra home. Alexandra wrapped her arms around Anne’s legs and squealed with delight. “Mama, I missed you!” She ran over to her toy box and excitedly began pulling her toys out. She spent quite a bit of time upside down in the box, with her tiny feet waving gently above the floor. She suddenly tumbled out of the toy box and landed on her bottom, looking over at Anne with a toothy smile. “Where’s Dan?” 
Anne hesitated only a moment. “Dan’s not here right now, baby.” 
Alexandra went over to the phone and picked it up. “Call?”
“No, baby, we can’t call him right now, I’m sorry.” 
“When?” 
Anne sighed. “Alexandra, we aren’t going to be able to see Dan again. He’s gone now, and he won’t be coming back.”
“Why?” 
Anne walked over to her, took the phone out of her still outstretched hand and placed it back on the cradle. Picking Alexandra up, she carried her over to the couch, and sat with her in her lap. Alexandra’s eyes grew wider, as though she sensed something was wrong and was afraid. Anne could melt in those warm, chocolate eyes. Alexandra reached up and touched Anne’s face. “Where’s Dan?” 
Anne looked at her tiny daughter, and realized that even though she was still a baby, she was not incapable of rational thoughts or emotions, like some people seemed to think. They said Alexandra would forget Dan quickly. Said his absence wouldn’t mean anything to her, said she wouldn’t even notice. But they didn’t know how much Alexandra loved Dan. Anne knew Alexandra wasn’t simply going to forget about him if she never mentioned his name again. 
Besides, Anne didn’t want Alexandra to forget about Dan, and she didn’t want to never mention his name again. They had been some sort of family, the three of them. Alexandra deserved the truth, even if she wasn’t able to fully understand it. 
She sighed. “Honey...Dan’s dead.” 
~~~~~
Alexandra didn’t know what ‘dead’ meant, but she had heard it before, lots of times. It had something to do with things that got broken. Things that got thrown away.
Mama had called flies sleeping in the window sill ‘dead’. Alexandra poked them to make them wake up. 
“Don’t touch those, baby,” Mama said. “They’re dead. Yucky.” Then she swept them up and threw them in the trash. 
Alexandra knew what ‘yucky’ meant. Dan’s not yucky.
Mama talked a lot about batteries being ‘dead’. And when she did, she threw them in the trash, too.
One time, Alexandra couldn’t watch her shows for forever, because Mama kept saying the TV was ‘dead’. Then she had picked up that TV and threw it in the scary, stinky dumpster. Is Dan in’a dumps’er? Alexandra shook her head and looked up at Mama. “What’s dead?” 
“Well,” Mama said with one of her long, heavy breaths, “Me and you - we’re alive right now. You know how we can walk around, and talk and breathe, and think in our heads?”
Alexandra nodded.
“When someone is dead, they can’t walk, or talk, or even think. They stop moving, or breathing. They just...lay still. They just...don’t work anymore.”
Alexandra scrunched her eyebrows together. Dan stop breathing? Is he holding his breath? 
Alexandra held her breath sometimes when she was mad, but it hurt so bad she always had to stop. Then she would take a big breath. Dan just needed to stop holding his breath, and then he would feel all better.
“Do you remember when the TV stopped working?” Mama asked.
Alexandra blinked. “Yes.” 
“One day, the TV worked fine, and the next day, it was dead, remember? It just stopped working. And nothing we could do would fix it. Sometimes…that happens to people.” 
Alexandra’s mouth opened in a big O, and then she shouted. “But you threw the TV away!” 
Mama jumped a little. “I know honey...” 
“Is Dan in’a dumps’er too?” 
“No, Alexandra, no, of course not.” 
Alexandra relaxed. She had seen Dan behind her eyes, lying in the dumpster. Holding her TV. Covered with batteries and sleeping flies. “Where’s he at?” 
“Well...he’s...buried in the ground.”
Alexandra’s eyes flew open wide. She knew what buried meant. “Buried in’a ground?”
Mama seemed a little bit scared now. Like, maybe she just messed something up. “Well…yes,” she said slowly, “When people die, they…well, they put them in long boxes, and then dig a deep hole in the ground. Then they put the boxes in the ground and cover it up with dirt.”
Alexandra jumped off Mama’s lap and shrieked. “You let them do that to Dan? How could you, Mama?” 
She ran to her toy box looking for it. Where is it? My shovel, my shovel! There it is! Picking up her plastic shovel, she turned to Mama. “Dig him up, Mama! Let’s go! Buried is no good!” 
Behind her eyes, she saw Dan covered with dirt, his eyes peeking out at her, like when they played peek-a-boo. Worms were in the ground too. Worms were yucky. But she knew how to dig things up. 
Mama shook her head. “We can’t dig him up, Alexandra. He’s dead. His body doesn’t work anymore. It’s like he’s asleep, but he can never wake up. He doesn’t dream or think, or move. He can never do anything ever again...he’s gone forever...he’s dead.”
Mama came over to her and kneeled down. “Only Dan’s body is buried, honey. The real Dan. The Dan that thinks and feels.” She reached up and touched Alexandra’s head. “The part of Dan that lived inside here, inside his head. He flew out of there, and up to Heaven. Dan’s in Heaven now. With God.”
Alexandra’s eyes brightened and got bigger. “With God?” She didn’t really know who God was, but he was like Santa. He did good things for her and she was supposed to thank him a lot and be a good girl because he watched her all the time. 
She stood, holding her red shovel up for a long time, trying to understand what Mama said. Finally, she lowered her hand. “Why he’s dead?” 
Mama’s eyes got all shiny and a little tear fell from each one when she blinked. She shook her head some more and dropped it down in her hands. “Alexandra…baby doll…I think I’m messing this all up…I don’t know what to do.”
Alexandra put her hand on Mama’s shoulder. “Mama, jus’ tell me the troof. That’s what you always say...Why Dan’s dead?”
Mama looked up and smiled a tiny little smile. “Okay, baby doll. The truth. He hurt his head very badly.”
Alexandra dropped the shovel, and put both hands up to her head. “Hurt his head?” She knew what getting hurt meant. She got hurt lots. Getting hurt did not mean getting buried. Getting hurt always got fixed. 
“Yes, baby, he hurt his head very, very badly, and it couldn’t be fixed. He hurt his head so bad, that he died.”
“How he’s hurt his head?” 
Silence.
“Mama?” 
“He got shot in the head...with a gun.” 
Alexandra knew about guns. She looked at her toy box. She saw one of her toy guns peeking out from under her big stuffed rabbit. She played with Dan lots with her gun. She would point it at Dan and shout “Bang!” He always put his hands up to his chest and yelled, “Oh! You got me!” And then he would fall down and pretend to be sleeping. She would tippy toe up to him, and he would grab her and shout, “Arrggh! Got ya!” Then he tickled her and they would both laugh. He never got hurt for real. He always just pretended. Maybe this was a game, and Mama was pretending. “Who shot him?” 
“He shot himself, honey. He didn’t use a toy gun, like the ones you play with. He used a real gun.”
She knew the difference between toys and real things. Real things worked better than toys. “Why he do that, Mama? Why he shoot his-self?” 
Mama let out another one of her big breaths. “Well, baby…sometimes things happen accidently, you know? Sometimes we don’t mean for something bad to happen, but it does.”
Alexandra nodded. “You haf’ta be careful, right?”
“That’s right,” Mama said. “Careful. We always have to be very careful, or bad things can happen, and we can get hurt.” 
Alexandra did not know about some of these things Mama said, and she was tired of trying to figure them out. “Mama, we need to dig Dan up, and taking ‘im to the doctor. The doctor, he can fix Dan’s head.”
“Honey, the doctor can’t fix Dan’s head.” 
“Yes he can!” Alexandra stomped her foot and pointed to her head. “He can put a ban-aid there an’ fix it.” Ban-aids fix everything. 
Mama held her arms out. “Come here, baby doll.”
Alexandra knew what this meant. When Mama did this, it meant the talking was all done, and she wasn’t going to get something she wanted. 
This meant she would not see Dan again. He would stay buried in the ground, or up in Heaven with God, whoever he was. 
If God wasn’t going to let Dan come home, then she didn’t think she would say thank you to him anymore.
Tears filled up her eyes. 
Mama wrapped her arms around her, and they both cried. 
Chapter 23
On these magic shores children at play are forever beaching their coracles. We too have been there; we can still hear the sound of the surf, though we shall land no more.
~ J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan
~~~~~
Alexandra sat on the living room floor making Play-Doh birthday cakes for her Barbie dolls. Mama slept on the couch. She liked it better when Mama slept because then she didn’t cry. Mama was sick, or something. She cried a lot and always said she didn’t feel good.
Sometimes, Alexandra pretended that she was the Mama, and did all the things for Mama that Mama did for her when she cried. She hugged her, kissed her, touched her forehead with the back of her hand. She said things like, “It’s okay” and “Poor baby.” Mostly, she just tried to be real quiet so Mama would sleep. 
~~~~~
Dan stood in the bedroom looking out through the window. It reached almost all the way to the ceiling and almost all the way to the floor. He had always hated this particular window because it was so large that when he stood in front of it, a person outside would be able to see his entire body and a good deal of the room he stood in. 
He felt helplessly exposed by this window, and the window seemed to know it. The wooden slats which sectioned off the glass panes resembled the shapes of freakish, square eyes. The long, wide sill along the bottom, the slit of a mouth, which grimaced at him. 
Dan would close the curtains, hiding the ghoulish face from himself, and hiding himself from the ghoulish world. 
And Anne would forever draw the curtains back open. “For goodness sake, let some light in here! I love these windows, don’t you just love all that natural light?” 
Dan would explain to her about people being able to see in. And she would laugh and look outside. “Who’s looking? There’s no one out there, Dan.”
One time she teased him about it. “Let’s give them something to look at.” She maneuvered him close to the window, grabbed his coat by the shoulders and pulled it off, letting it drop to the floor, and tried to kiss him. 
A sudden jolt of anxiety, like an electric shock, coursed through his body as his back touched the window and he saw the dried up husk of a dead fly on the sill. He was exposed and vulnerable in the yellow lamp light that shone out into the darkness. He cringed and pushed her away. “Stop it, Anne. This window is so gross, why don’t you ever clean it?” 
Anne tilted her head to the side and bit her lower lip. “You’re no fun anymore. I swear you get more uptight every day. If the window bugs you so much, then clean it yourself.” 
So, while Anne and Alexandra baked chocolate chip cookies, laughing and making more messes, Dan cleaned the window. 
Scrubbing until the paint started rubbing off. 
Trying to scour away the dirt, and the ghoulish face, and the anxiety. 
Alexandra came into the bedroom now and Dan turned his head to look at her. Grape juice stained her little cherubic face and she had a sparkle in her gaze, which almost seemed directed at him. If only he could play with her once m––
“Hi, Dan,” Alexandra said, waving her tiny fingers. 
She was looking directly in his eyes. 
Could she see him? 
No, that’s impossible, she’s just pretending, imagining that––
“Hi Dan,” she said again. Her purple stained lips parted as they turned upward in a toothy smile. 
Dan blinked. “Alexandra?” 
Alexandra giggled and ran toward him. 
Dan cringed as she approached, not knowing what to expect. Would she run right through him?
Suddenly, gloriously, her tiny arms wrapped around him. “Dan!” His legs muffled her bubbly laughter as she buried her face in them. 
Falling to his knees, Dan wrapped himself around her. “My God...” 
Alexandra was solid and warm. Her body shook as she giggled and nuzzled her face into his chest. The vibrations traveled through his spirit, bringing an effervescent tingle and warmth along with them. He held her by the shoulders and pulled her away. 
Alexandra looked in his eyes.
Tears sprang forth and the air in Dan’s lungs evaporated. A smile rose up causing his eyes to squint and the tears to spill over. He gasped for breath. “Alexandra...how…?”
“Mama said you was dead.” 
“I-I-” Dan looked down at himself, and then back at her. “I am.”
Alexandra blinked and looked at him. Then she smiled and pulled on his hand. “Come on. Mama wants you.” She tried to pull him toward the door.
Dan couldn’t breathe. He felt shaky, and all at once lighter as tears of joy ran down his face. 
Alexandra pulled on his hand which now stretched out in front of him. 
He pulled her back and hugged her close, the scent of grape juice and Play-Doh tickling his nose, assuring him that this was real. “Alexandra, I love you.”
“I love you too, Dan. But Mama…” She pointed toward the living room.
“Mama can’t see me, honey.” 
“Why?” 
“Because … I’m dead. No one can see me but you.” His voice faltered for a moment and he inhaled sharply. “I don’t know how you can see me.”
Alexandra struggled under his grasp. She squirmed and pushed on his chest with her hands, breaking free of his embrace. She cocked her head and put her balled up fists on her hips and looked at him fiercely. “I don’t know what dead is, or why people keep sayin’ that word.” She shook her head. “It don’t matter. You’s not hurt and you’s not buried.” She pointed again to the living room. “Mama. She’s in there. She’ll stop cryin’ now.” 
Alexandra paused for a moment and then reached out and touched Dan’s head. “Why you cryin’? You’s not hurt.” 
Dan looked up, and saw Rale standing in the doorway, watching them. Would she be able to see him as well? Could he hurt her? 
Panic, as wild as fire, blazed through Dan’s spirit. What was he supposed to do? Tar will know what to do. “Tar?” he called sternly as he watched Rale. And with a tiny little pop, and a flash of orange light, Tar appeared beside Dan, smiling as though amused at his own theatrics. “Yes? I’m here.”
Alexandra looked up at him, eyes wide. “Who’s that?” she whispered suspiciously to Dan.
Tar smiled, and kneeled in front of her. “Hi there. I’m a friend of Dan’s.”
Alexandra’s eyes got bigger. “Are you God?”
Tar chuckled. “No, I’m Tar.”
Alexandra touched Tar’s cheek. “Are you dead too?” 
“Yes. I am.” He reached out and ran his fingers lightly over the side of her face, from her forehead down to her chin.
Rale watched silently from the doorway. When Tar touched Alexandra’s face, he started to move forward, his hand reaching for her. 
“Stay away from her!” Dan shouted, as he pulled Alexandra toward him, protectively.
Rale stopped moving, looked at his outstretched hand as if surprised to find it there, and dropped it to his side. 
Alexandra turned to look behind her, in the direction of Dan’s gaze. 
For a moment it seemed that the three spirits collectively held their breath. 
Rale dropped to his knees and looked at her as if she could save him.
“Who you talkin’ to?” Alexandra asked, her eyes passing over Rale, as they did all the other inconsequential items in the room.
The hope Dan had seen on Rale’s face just the moment before vanished in a brief flash of pain. Rale sighed and closed his eyes. He smiled and shook his head gently. Then he stood up, casting one more look of longing at Alexandra, and left the room.
Dan hugged her close. “No one, honey.”
“Let’s go.” She squirmed out of his embrace and pointed again toward the living room. “Mama’s in there.”
“Who are you talking to?” Anne said. 
~~~~~
Alexandra twirled around, and saw Mama standing in the doorway.
“Dan!”
“Dan? What are you talking about, baby? Dan’s not here.”
“He’s right here, Mama.” She spun back around and pointed, but her smile slipped away. “He was right there, Mama.” 
Mama let out one of those big breaths. “Honey...I told you, Dan’s gone. Remember? He’s dead, and we won’t be seeing him again.”
“No Mama. He’s playin’ hide’n seek. You know how good a hider he is.” Alexandra looked around the room, and under her blankie, and behind the door. She scrunched her eyebrows and huffed a little. Dang it, he’s such’a good hider. “Mama, he was jus’ here, with that friend.”
Mama came in and sat on the bed, her eyes looking around the room. “What friend?”
“You was wrong, Mama. Dan’s not up in Heaven with God, he’s right here with Tar.”
“Tar, huh? And who exactly is Tar?”
“Dan’s friend. He’s dead too. I hugged Dan soooo tight,” she said, giggling. “Now he’s hidin’.” She smiled a great big smile as she skipped out of the room. “He won’t be dead bery much longer,” she called to Mama over her shoulder. 
Chapter 24
Dan watched Alexandra skip out of the room, leaving Anne sitting alone on the bed. He turned to Tar with a puzzled look on his face. “What happened? Why can’t she see me anymore?” 
Tar shrugged. “Well, it’s a fleeting thing with children. The younger they are, the better they see. Babies see us almost every time. But of course, who are they going to tell?” 
“Why didn’t she see Rale?”
“Because Rale’s spirit is full of darkness and despair, and Alexandra doesn’t know those things. Her spirit can’t see them yet.”
Dan looked at his hands. “I touched her. My God…she felt me touching her.”
“She felt you with her spirit, not her physical body.”
“I don’t…I don’t understand.” 
Tar walked to the doorway and watched Alexandra playing in the next room. “Well, it’s because she hasn’t been there very long, in that physical world. She still remembers how to be her spirit. But the longer she’s in that body, the more her spirit will forget and she’ll start using her brain for everything.”
Anne closed the blinds and laid on the bed with her eyes closed. 
Dan longed to touch her the way he had touched Alexandra. “Anne could see him, Tar.  Rale, I mean. She actually talked to him. Is that possible?”
Tar’s face darkened. “He has a way of making his presence known.”
“Can you do it? Can you talk to her like he does?” 
“Not like he does. I can only talk to her in her dreams.”
“I’ve tried to talk to her in her dreams,” Dan said. “I just have no idea how to do it. Will you do it for me? Can you give her a message from me?”
“Well…” Tar shrugged. “I can try. No promises.”
“What do you mean, try? Isn’t it easy for you?”
“Yes, it’s easy, but it probably won’t mean anything to her. She doesn’t know me so I won’t make a strong impression. She won’t believe that I’m anything but a dream. If she remembers me at all.”
Dan smiled. “You’ll make a strong impression. I’m sure of it.” 
“I will try. What is it you want me to tell her?”
Now that Tar asked, what did he want to tell her? There was so much. “Tell her that I’m sorry. And tell her that I love her…and that I’m okay.” 
Tar turned toward Anne and Dan grabbed his arm. “Wait. Tell her that I’m always with her and that I’ll never leave her. And God, just tell her how sorry I am, and–– “
“Stop.” Tar twisted away from him. “I can’t say that much to her. Dreams are fleeting, unpredictable. If I can get her to focus on me at all, it’ll only be for a short time.” He walked over and kneeled beside the bed. He reached out for her, his hand hesitating slightly before touching her face. He leaned in and whispered something in her ear. 
Chapter 25
Tar leaned in close to Anne’s sleeping face. “Anne, Can you hear me?” His lips brushed her ear. A tingle of life caressed his spirit.
The room and the world faded away, as the velvety greyness of her subconscious folded around him. He still kneeled by the bed, but Anne now stood beside him, looking down at him. “Yes, I can hear you.” 
Tar stood up and took both of her hands in his own. The tingling sensation moved through him like warm water poured over cold skin. At first it burned and he winced. Then the burning melted into a soothing balm which flowed through him. This was her spirit, ablaze with life. 
Tar blinked and took a shaky breath. “Do you know who I am?” 
“Yes,” she answered sleepily, “You’re the guy from ‘Galaxy Quest’.”
He smiled. “No. I’m Tar. Dan’s friend.” 
She squinted and leaned closer to him. “Tar?”
“That’s right.”
Her eyes opened a little wider. “Are you God?”
Tar chuckled. “No, I’m not God. Just a friend. Dan wants me to give you a message.” 
Her mouth opened and closed and she shook her head slowly from side to side. “It’s hard to talk.”
“Don’t try,” he said. “Just look at me and listen carefully.” 
Anne relaxed and nodded. 
“Dan is sorry, Anne. He loves you. And he’s okay...Can you remember that?”
The corners of her mouth turned down and a little crinkle formed between her eyebrows. “I’m not sure…Can you tell me again?”
Tar still held her hands and he pulled her closer so their bodies touched. Taking her hands in one of his, he placed the other on the side of her face. Leaning down to look closely in her eyes, Tar saw the pool of eternity reflected back at him. He could fall into the depth of those eyes.
The living force of creation flowed through her spirit like a raging, racing river that shot forth over the edge of the world and fell, tumbling and splashing, into the ocean of eternity. If it had been real, Tar would have felt her breath on his face and the beating of her heart on his chest. What he felt now was a shiver in his spirit as it touched hers, the hot rush of life shooting through him and setting him on fire with passion and shame, joy and grief. 
“Anne.” His voice trembled. Pausing, he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. When he opened them, he looked at her again. “Anne. Dan is okay now. He’s sorry that he left. And he loves you very much.”
Anne blinked her starry eyes. “Is he with you?” 
“Yes.”
“Can I see him?” 
Tar looked down. “Do you see this?” A dark, broad line seared the greyness next to their feet. 
“Yes” 
“Dan can’t cross it. He’s on the other side.”
Anne moved toward the line. “Can you take me there?” 
Tar put his arms around her waist and pulled her back, holding her close to him protectively. “No. You can’t come with me.”
“Why not?” 
Tar gave her a sad kind of smile and brushed a loose strand of hair away from her face. “Because you’re alive.”
She laid her head on Tar’s chest. “I miss him.”
“I know.” Tar held her silently for a moment, the top of her head nestled under his chin. He hadn’t been this close to such powerful living emotions in a long time. The feeling overwhelmed him. He felt as if he was breathing, and his breath was ripped away from him. He felt as if he was crying, and the tears stung his eyes. How does Rale do this? How has he carried this burden for so long? “Anne, I’m not the only one who’s come to you. Someone else is here with you. Did you know that?”
She nodded, her head rubbing against his chest, sending pulsing waves of tingling life through his spirit. “He’s always with me now. We talk sometimes. He’s the guy from ‘Death Machine’.”
“No.” Tar drew her away from him. He leaned down close and held her face in his hands, their foreheads touching. “He’s a spirit like me. But he’s full of sorrow, like you. He might try to take you with him. But you must not go. You must stay with Alexandra. She will protect you. Can you remember that?”
Anne nodded, her eyes growing sleepy again. “I’ll try.”
Tar hung his head and then looked in her eyes one last time. He sighed and started to step back. She felt his movement, and tried to stop him. “Wait. Please don’t leave me.” 
Tar blinked several times, hesitating for only a moment before letting her go.
~~~~~
Tar stood up beside the bed where Anne still slept. 
Dan saw a pained look on his face and a watery glisten in his eyes. As Tar walked over to him, Dan tried to look in his eyes, unable to believe what he thought he saw there. Tar turned away and when Dan reached out to him, he vanished in a misty cloud of grey fog. Had he talked to Anne? If so, what had happened?
Dan heard a gentle movement from the corner and a chill passed through him. He turned and saw Rale standing in the shadows.
He looked back at Anne and wondered what she dreamt of now.
Chapter 26
Dear Dan,
“I couldn’t live without you”
“I’d die without you”
It’s all bullshit. People say it all the time, but they don’t mean it. 
I said the words. I said them so many times. Just casually tossed them out there, like everyone does. 
What did I mean? Did I mean that my body was so frail and weak, that it would literally shatter if you were no longer with me? Or did I mean that I needed your love to nourish my body, like I need food and water? Do we think our love is that powerful? That to have it taken away would cause our bodies to stop working, like when air is taken away? 
Did I believe that? 
No...I didn’t believe it...I was just full of the same bullshit everyone else is.
You are gone, and I want to die, but I don’t. My heart keeps beating, and I keep drawing breath after fucking breath...on and fucking on...
I feel on the verge of panic all the time. I can’t find the right words to describe this agitated feeling. It’s like looking for lost keys, except this is so much more important than my keys, it’s you. Where are you? I need to talk to you about the tragedy in my life, except you are the tragedy. 
Everything seems darker and out of focus. Sounds seem sort of muffled, or like the volume has been turned down. My jeans are getting looser every day, yet I feel like I weigh more. 
I saw a nature show once where a mother cheetah was searching for her cubs, who had been killed by lions. She was pacing around their tiny dead bodies, but still calling to them. She had a look of confusion on her face, like she didn’t understand. 
I feel like a mother animal searching for my lost baby. I know you are gone. I see your dead body. Yet I still have this urge to find you, protect you. Save you.
~ Anne 
Chapter 27
Quiet and sincere sympathy is often the most welcome and efficient consolation to the afflicted. Said a wise man to one in deep sorrow, “I did not come to comfort you; God only can do that; but I did come to say how deeply and tenderly I feel for you in your affliction.” 
~ Tyron Edwards
~~~~~
Anne returned to work, but nobody said much to her. As a matter of fact, conversations tended to end when she entered a room. A few times she tried to say something funny, but nobody laughed. Maybe she said it wrong. 
Whatever. 
She found a sympathy card in her employee mail box. Her boss had signed his name at the bottom, “Paul.” 
How thoughtful. 
She stayed at her parents’ house for a few days, but it didn’t really work out. Tom complained about the extra distance he had to drive to drop Alexandra off in the mornings. Her father seemed uncomfortable around her. He avoided being alone with her. For some reason, her mother seemed angry at her. “Anne, you’ve got to get over this and move on. I mean, it’s not like you were married to the man.”
At a bookstore near their house, Anne bought every book she could find on suicide and contacting the dead. She sat on the front porch swing, gently rocking, soothed once more by the steady creaking comfort of a chain moving back and forth. Now, she stared out over corn fields. The green heads bobbing and swaying in the wind. The gentle rustling sound as the stalks brushed against one another was a mesmerizing lullaby that soothed her bruised spirit. 
Her mother’s comments became more pointed. “Obviously the man had some kind of severe mental disorder, Anne. It’s better that it happened now, before you married him. Think about how much worse it would have been if he had waited five or ten years.”
Her mother tried to comfort Anne, tried to understand. But she didn’t know anything about this kind of grief. “We all suffer losses like this, Anne. We can’t just stop living and become depressed. We have to move on, even when it hurts to move. Believe me, I know what it’s like.”
Most people had a tendency to tell Anne their own stories of grief. Tell her they understood exactly what she was going through. Anne was quite sure that their intention was not to compare scars, but that’s how it felt. None of them had lost lovers, though, or even spouses. They told her about dead parents…siblings…grandparents…And Anne wondered how they could ever understand. “It’s not the same thing!” she wanted to scream at them.
When her mother suggested Anne start taking anti-depressants, Anne blew cigarette smoke in her face and said, “This isn’t depression, Mom, it’s grief. And it’s only been a month. A pill won’t fix it.”
None of them had the slightest idea what was wrong with her, and she didn’t have the strength, or desire to explain it to them. Besides, it’s not like anyone ever asked.
Anne understood that, in her own way, her mother was trying to help. Trying to clear a path to freedom for her with the sharp scythe of logic which had always served Anne so well in the past. Tried to cut the emotional ties to a dead man before they corrupted her daughter’s spirit. But the ties were stronger than her mother’s logic, and her scythe only cut Anne’s already tender heart.
The scent of rural Indiana life - pig manure, fresh tar, plowed earth, cut hay warming in faded red barns - entered through her nose and filled all the dark recesses of her mind. The scents, more than any other sensation, held onto the happy memories of her childhood. 
Riding her bike over the hot road in summer, the bubbling tar popping under her tires. Sneaking into the farmer’s barn to see the new spring piglets. Jumping from the loft onto mounds of fresh, itchy hay. Getting lost and dizzy in endless rows of corn. 
“You could have gotten married to the man,” her mother said. “Had children. Thank God you didn’t get pregnant by him.” 
Okay. That stung. Anne turned to look at her mother, finally. What do you want from me? And what am I doing here?
Packing up her books and cigarettes, she left the next morning. This is all I need. Just my books, my cigarettes, and my memories of you.
When she got back to her apartment, she called her sometimes best friend, sometimes worst enemy, Sean. They fell in love in high school. He was her first boyfriend. They had been separated for seven years. Anne had gotten married, bought a house, started a family, left her husband, and gotten engaged all over again. 
Sean still lived in that crappy little apartment. 
He drove her bat shit crazy, and infuriated her most of the time. But he always made her laugh. And it didn’t matter if he was currently her best friend, or her worst enemy, she could always count on him. She hadn’t seen him in several months, but they usually talked on the phone and emailed at least weekly. 
“Why didn’t you call me sooner?” Sean asked. “I left you a bunch of messages. I was getting worried about you. 
“I...don’t really know,” she answered. “I’m not really thinking too clearly. I think I might be going insane. I’m hearing voices.” It had been four weeks to the day since she had last seen Dan alive. 
Sean paused for a moment. “I’ll come get you after work. I know exactly what you need.”
Anne knew that “what you need” meant drugs, and for the first time in her life, she wanted to take them.
Now she waited at her apartment, biding her time until Sean arrived to pick her up. Alexandra was with her father for the weekend, and Anne lay on her bed in the dark. 
One of her books on talking to dead people suggested mirror gazing. Black trash bags were taped over the windows in the bedroom, blocking out even the faintest ray of light. A large mirror leaned against the wall. Lighting a single candle, she would stare into the mirror for hours trying to catch a glimpse of Dan. 
In the cool darkness of her bedroom, she talked to Rale. “Tar told me not to go with you.” 
“I’m not trying to take you anywhere,” he answered softly. 
“Why can’t I see you? If you’re real, how come I only see you in my dreams? Why not when I’m awake?” 
“You did see me when you were awake, remember?”
Yes, she remembered. She hoped to trick her subconscious into a false step, trick it into admitting that this was all in her head, a feeble and disturbing way of coping with Dan’s death. Sometimes, she attempted to reveal Rale for what he was - a figment of her imagination. Now she allowed herself to fall back into the gentle arms of unburdened faith. It was easier there. “Rale?”
“Yes?” 
“Why doesn’t Dan talk to me like you do?”
“He tries, but he doesn’t know how.”
Anne leaned over and looked in the mirror. It was almost three feet high and four feet across. The pale blankness of the wall dimly reflected in the smooth surface. The candle sat on the bedside table. She climbed off the bed and sat on the floor in front of the mirror, adjusting her position so that she could see the candle’s flame in the corner. She could see herself, and the bed behind her that she leaned up against. 
That wasn’t following the rules in the book. If she wanted to talk to dead people, she wasn’t supposed to see anything in the mirror. But the gentle dancing and quivering of the flame drew her gaze and relaxed her. Like a hand touching her face, it caressed her, smoothing all the torn edges of her soul. A mesmerizing power, the twinkling and flickering became her only vision. Only the flame existed. “Can’t you show him how to talk to me?” 
Then she saw Rale, in the mirror. She sat on the floor, and he was right beside her, sitting on the bed. How could I have not noticed him there before?
“I can’t show him,” he said softly, “he has to figure it out for himself.”
Anne looked at him carefully, letting her eyes take all of him in. Not quite ready to turn her head and see if he was really there. No. He might disappear if she did that. 
She considered only, his reflection. His body was complete - arms, legs, torso, head. He wore a plain black shirt and pants. Long dark hair, pale skin, intense eyes. Yes, he looked like the shadow man from her dreams. That voice, so unmistakable - the voice of Chucky, the killer doll. Yet, the sound of Rale’s voice wasn’t crude and jarring. His voice was smooth and sultry. The voice of a lover that whispers in the dark.
“This can’t be real,” she finally said. “You look like the bad guy from a movie. I just watched it too many times. Chucky scared the crap out of me when I was a kid. I’m just making you up in my mind.” 
Anne wanted him to be real, but there it was. How could this be a real spirit when he looked and sounded like a living man? Unless. Maybe the actor had died and his spirit was now here, talking to her. Could that be possible? Oh for Christ’s sake. This is insane. Just make him go away. Get a grip.
Anne tried to force herself to blink, to shake her head, to get up. It didn’t work. She wanted him to be real. More than that…she didn’t care if he wasn’t. She just wanted him to go on being there.
Rale smiled. “It doesn’t matter what I look like. I could look like anything, sound like anything. I’m just a spirit. I don’t have a body. You chose for me to look like this. But whether you believe it or not, I’m here. And I’m not going to leave you the way he did.
“If I have a near death experience,” she asked, “Will I see Dan?”
Rale signed. “As I’ve told you before, if your spirit leaves your body, but doesn’t let go - if it stays here, then you will see Dan. He hasn’t let go yet either. But your spirit might let go. You might die.”
“Would that be so bad?” 
“No, Anne.” The sound of his voice was a hauntingly seductive enchantment that slipped through her body and pulled her closer to him. “You would be free.”
They had talked about this before. After reading about near death experiences, she longed to have one herself. Those people often saw loved ones who had died. If only she could bring herself to the point of near death, Dan would come to her. She knew he would. 
Last week, she had bought several boxes of sleeping pills. She pushed each tiny pill out through the shiny silver backing, and they fell with a soft plink into one of Dan’s wine glasses. A feeling of power had grown within her, as the mound of white pills had grown in the bottom of the glass. The question was, how many to take in order to just ‘almost die’?
Rale had reassured her when she first told him of her idea. “It doesn’t matter if you take too many. You can call 9-1-1. They’ll come and get you. They’ll bring you back.”
She looked at him in the mirror now, testing him yet again. What am I thinking, right now, Rale? Can you hear me? If you’re a spirit, shouldn’t you be able to read my thoughts?
Anne saw within the fires of his eyes, however, a passion that she knew was not within her. She was simple in her thoughts and emotions. Rale was apart from her, more than her. There was a depth to the suffering she saw in him. It was older. Wiser. Rale knew how to suffer. 
“You know,” he finally said. “I can’t read your thoughts. If you want to say something to me, you’re going to have to speak.”
She laughed, and dropped her face into her hands, rubbing her eyes and shaking her head. 
When she looked up, Rale was gone. 
Chapter 28
Sean picked Anne up later that night and drove her to his apartment. Before Dan, and before her marriage to Tom, Anne had lived here with Sean, on the south side of Indianapolis. It was a crumbling little apartment, attached to a crumbling little bar, in a crumbling little neighborhood. ‘White Trash’ is what people who did not live here called it. People who did live here called it home. 
They had met at sixteen and became high school sweethearts. Anne had moved into this apartment with Sean when she was seventeen, declaring herself emancipated from her parents. She had spent a year after high school trying to work her way through college while living with Sean, but that had been a miserable failure. 
At nineteen, she joined the National Guard so they would pay for college. She was away at training for over a year and by the time she got back and returned to school full time, they had grown apart. That was seven years ago. A lifetime ago. Through it all, however, her and Sean had stayed friends. Best friends. 
Sean was the only person in her life that she could completely pour her heart out to. Maybe it was because they had become adults together. Maybe it was because he had welcomed her into his heart at a time when no one else would. Maybe it was because she was not afraid of losing him. 
There were always conditions associated with everyone else’s love. Sometimes the conditions were subtle, hard to see, but they were there. Quiet little expectations that required careful tending. But not with Sean. With him, she could relax, be herself, and tend to nothing.
And although he was still living in this run-down neighborhood, he had a good job as an IT specialist, enough money saved to finally start college, and enough ambition to make it happen. 
Sean was not a ‘druggie’ per say, and he didn’t use hard drugs like cocaine, or heroine, or crack. But he did thoroughly enjoy the benedictions of recreational drug use. Harmless, he called them. Sitting on the couch in his apartment now, she didn’t give a rat’s ass if what he handed her was harmless or not. She didn’t even care if the damn stuff killed her. She just wanted something to make the pain go away. “What is it?” 
“Ecstasy,” Sean replied. 
She considered the small red pill in her hand momentarily. Hello there, little guy. What do you have planned for me this evening? “What’s it going to do to me?” 
Sean smiled. “It’s going to make you feel better.” 
It didn’t make her forget. It didn’t take away her sadness. It didn’t cover up or even dull the pain. Yet somehow it made her body and her thoughts feel so good, that she didn’t mind the pain any more. She just rolled through the waves of heartache, smiling as she rode up and down over the peaks and through the valleys of her despair. 
She hadn’t talked to anyone except Rale. She had never been much of a talker before, always the listener. But the drugs coursing through her brain had a magical power. The words flowed out of her, unbidden. They seemed to bypass her brain altogether and come straight from her mouth, as if born there. Perhaps they were born from her heart instead.
~~~~~
Sean had known Anne would be trouble when she showed up sophomore year at the small, Catholic high school. He had just gotten himself established, and did not want anyone messing it up. 
Before freshman year, Sean had never set foot in a church and had attended public school. The emotionally damaged child of an alcoholic mother and father, he was easy prey for the ravenous pack animals that hunted the grounds of IPS #52 in the dilapidated neighborhood known as Stringtown. 
If he had a hard time fitting in at public school where he was beaten and cursed at, he found it impossible to fit in at Holy Trinity High School, where the blood soaked shroud of a tortured and crucified man draped over everything. 
He could not identify with these kids and their kneeling, and praying, and confessing. And so, he found a new identity. 
“Satan worshipper,” the kids whispered.
Sean was comfortable with his new identity. No one beat him or cursed at him. A few gestures and innuendos, mixed into the imaginations of the sheep around him, and no one made fun of him anymore either. He even managed to make a few friends, like-minded outcasts who could never quite fit in and railed against the sheer mediocrity of their surroundings. So, when one of them said “Hey, that new girl’s casting runes, or telling fortunes or something,” he sensed trouble. 
During lunch he watched her, the din of voices occasionally pierced by the clanking of dishes and the clunking cycles of the industrial dishwasher. The smell of damp french fries and body odor curled around the warm air of the cafeteria and clung to his clothing. 
Numerology. Of course. That would impress them. 
Anne’s pencil danced across the paper, effortlessly trailing an intricate tapestry of shapes and numbers behind. 
Oh, She’s good... 
Students gathered around her, oohing and awing, waiting their turn. What would the numbers tell them? 
Idiots. 
Sean watched her, the scowl on his face flushing red with anger when she glanced his way with a smirk and winked at him. 
God damn it.
He clawed out a piece of paper and began drawing his own intricate pattern. Later as he left sixth period Literature class he quietly slipped it onto Anne’s desk and gave her a wink of his own. 
“He’s cursed you”, he heard whispered as he left the classroom. “I told you not to mess with him.” 
The next day, as he walked past Anne’s desk, she held her arm out in front of him, blocking his way. She stood and handed him a piece of paper covered in numbers. 
Taking the paper without looking at it, he shrugged. “What’s it say?”
“It says you’re full of shit.” Her sweet little smile never wavered as she held up the paper he had given her the day before. Fancy pentagrams and oddly shaped letters crookedly gathered around the evil eye in the center. She ripped the paper into strips and started eating them one by one. 
Sean smiled and fell in love. 
~~~~~
Sean had always been more of a talker than a listener, but he understood through his own haze of Ecstasy, that it was his turn to listen. He had to be careful with this stuff though. It had a damnable side effect of causing a person to open their mouth and reveal their deepest secrets, especially if those secrets had to do with love or passion. He had never stopped loving her. Through all of the years, and all of their ups and downs, good times, and bad, that had never changed. She was the immutable ‘One’ of his life. 
Shaking his head, Sean tried to focus on her. What could he do for her? Nothing. Except give her more drugs, numb the pain, provide some relief. Now definitely wasn’t the time to profess his undying love for her. 
Dan, you’re such a dick.
He had never seen her like this. Actually, he had never seen anyone like this, and it scared him. Anne looked fragile somehow, like she might fall apart at any moment. Always the strong one, Anne had never carried her emotions on her sleeve. Getting her to open up was a delicate procedure which required patience and careful timing. But he had patience for her. They were kindred spirits. They had been two troubled children who had stumbled their way into adulthood together. So many times, they had needed each other. 
They spent the entire night taking Ecstasy and GHB. Anne smiled, and giggled, and ground her teeth until her jaw ached. Sean gave her a sucker and told her not to bite down. “The Ecstasy makes you clench your jaws, and it makes your mouth dry. Just suck on the candy.”
Anne lay on the floor and stretched her jaws wide open and shut a few times, her eyes wild and darting and free. “This is freaking amazing. How come people don’t do this shit all the time?”
Sean laughed. She was so cute sometimes. “Anne,” he said, “they do.” 
Anne looked at him incredulously for a moment and then popped the sucker in her mouth and rolled over onto her stomach. “You know, it’s my fault Dan’s dead.”
Here we go, Sean thought, this is part of the whole suicide trip, right? The loved ones blame themselves, and someone else tells them it’s not their fault. 
Sean blinked and realized he was that someone else. His job now was to say something comforting, to alleviate her guilt, to help her find some meaning in all of this. He sat next to her on the floor and put one hand over hers. “Anne, this was not your fault.”
She pushed his hand away. “Yeah, it was.” 
He lay beside her on the floor, his head spinning as he looked up at the ceiling. The stucco trembled and swirled around in little patterns, like ants marching off to war. “Why do you say that?” 
“After he cut his wrists,” she said. “They sent him to the psych ward at that hospital. And when I went and saw him, I told him they were a bunch of quacks, and that it was all bullshit. I told him to just say whatever they wanted to hear, so he could get out.”
Sean tried to focus, tried to say something intelligent. But these drugs were like a truth serum. The words rose up, with a will of their own, even as he tried to bite them back. They spewed forth through gritted teeth. “Why the hell did you tell him that?” Damn it!
Anne was beyond noticing, or caring however. Perhaps, she hadn’t even heard him, for she just continued on like there had been no interruption at all. “The moment I stepped onto the floor of that hospital, I was transported back in time, to when I was a kid, and they sent me off to that mental institution.” She flung her arms out wildly, hitting Sean in the face with her right elbow. “I got this panicky feeling, like they were going to shut the door and never let us out. I think I had a panic attack or something.”
Sean rubbed his nose and tried to remember what she had told him all those years ago. “How old were you?” he asked, “when that happened?”
“Thirteen. Can you believe I was locked up for trying to kill myself? Isn’t that the craziest thing?” 
~~~~~
This was the part of Anne’s guilt that she had shared with no one, not even Rale. People looked at her with compassion. Compassion she didn’t deserve. If they only knew the truth.
Sitting across from Dan in that fucking ‘day room’. God, they still used the same names. 
Fluorescent lights, institutional tables and chairs in dingy white hues, people in thin grey hospital robes playing cards. Some talked to themselves quietly, some stared into space. Stutterers and rockers. Smokers and nervous twitchers. The smell of body odor, stale cigarettes, and that singular plastic-y scent that meant locked doors, walls with no windows, insanity.
Anne had barely been able to stay in her seat, expecting at any moment for him to pull out a collage that he had made in Occupational Therapy out of old magazines - little boxes cut out of pretty worlds, meant to represent his life.
“God Dan,” she had said to him. “I can’t stand to be in this place. Just get the hell out of here. They can’t help you. Tell them whatever they want to hear. Just get out.”
“All right, Anne,” Dan had said, “I will, I promise. Just calm down. I don’t really know how soon I can get out. Believe me, I’m trying. All this psycho-babble is a bunch of crap that I don’t need. But still, it’ll be a few days at least.” 
“Just do it. I absolutely can’t stand the thought of you being in here. And Dan...I’m not going to be able to come visit you. I’m sorry. I just can’t come here again.”
Anne realized - too late - that she had made it all about herself. What a self-centered little shit, I was. 
~~~~~
Anne and Sean simultaneously turned their heads to look at one another. As she turned, Sean just caught the reflection of a shadowy figure in her eyes. The shadow moved. He looked quickly behind him, but there was nothing there. He shrugged and looked back at Anne. “Tell me again about the hospital you were sent to.”
Chapter 29
I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum and I never had the obsession of suicide. But I know that each conversation with a psychiatrist, every morning at the time of his visit, made me want to hang myself, realizing that I would not be able to cut his throat. 
~ Antonin Artaud 
~~~~~
Fifteen years had passed since, what Anne thought of as her ‘lock-up’. Being in that hospital with Dan had brought it all back to her. 
Doors closing. Locks bolting. Pounding. Screaming. 
More than anything, the screaming. 
She was thirteen years old, and she tried to commit suicide by overdosing on her prescription migraine medicine. She didn’t remember much from the actual incident. Flashing red lights. Gauzy faces. Vomiting blackness over and over. She woke up in a hospital bed. Lots of people came and went, all wanting her to talk. Talking, talking, talking, blah, blah, blah...She didn’t want to talk. She just wanted to be left alone. 
After four days, they sent her to a different hospital. A doctor told her it was because she wouldn’t talk to anyone. For some reason, that meant she wanted to die. Anne thought an overdose of prescription medication meant she wanted to die. 
Go figure.
She spent almost seven weeks at the Saint Vincent Stress Center. Most patients only stayed four. She had her fourteenth birthday there. She smoked her first cigarette there. Every day they gave her pills, and every day she hid them under her tongue and then in the pocket of her coat. She didn’t know what they were supposed to do, only what she hoped they would do - finish what she had started. Every day her pile had grown, every day a step closer to death. But she got impatient, and swallowed them all. 
Too soon.
It didn’t kill her, but the next morning she thought it had. The muffled sound of someone calling her name woke her. She tried to get out of bed but she couldn’t move or see. 
The voice became more insistent. “Anne! Get up!” 
Losing her balance, she fell out of bed, cracking her head on floor. In complete blackness, she crawled to the door and leaned up against the wall as she made her way to morning check-in. At the very least, she must have looked drunk as she wobbled her way along, sliding down the length of the hall as she leaned up against the wall. Unable to see, she held one arm out in front of her like a blind woman. 
There was some sort of disturbance at morning check-in, when they took her blood pressure. 
Shouts over her head. 
Someone shaking her. 
Being carried in strong arms.
The woman who yelled at her earlier to get out of bed, apologized later. “I’m sorry I forced you out of bed, Anne. I didn’t know what had happened.” It was the only time anyone mentioned “what had happened”. But after that, they checked her mouth for pills at morning check-in. 
For her next attempt, she ripped an aluminum soda can in half and cut her wrist with the jagged edge. But she wasn’t able to cut deep enough. Tears spilled from her eyes, not from pain, but frustration. They were coming for her. She saw them out of the corner of her eye. Soon they would be there, grabbing her, stopping her. Over and over she cut, blood running down her arm. But, she realized - not enough blood, not enough time. 
To die had become her obsession.
They grabbed her. They stopped her. And they strapped her to a gurney, and put her in the ‘quiet room’. The quiet room had padding on the walls, and a video camera in the ceiling.
How funny, she thought. She didn’t think padded rooms were real, and she wished that she could touch the walls and see how soft they were, maybe even bang her head on them. Hold her hands over her head, scream, and sink slowly to the floor.
They left her there, calling out for what seemed like hours. She knew they were watching her through the camera in the ceiling. She cursed them. She banged her head. She pulled on her restraints. She begged them to let her go to the bathroom. Finally, she wet herself. But still they didn’t come. 
Irritation. 
Humiliation. 
The urine spread out under her on the slick surface of the metal gurney, soaking her arms, which were strapped to it. It mixed with the blood seeping from her unbandaged wounds and burned.
A man came in. Someone she didn’t know. He looked at her, silent. 
“Let me out of here, you stupid son of a bitch!” She screamed at him, jerking on her restraints, banging her head on the gurney until she saw bright little flashes of light. “I’m bleeding, mother fucker, let me out of here!”
He brushed the side of her face with his fingers. “You shouldn’t talk to me like that when you’re all tied up.” 
She relaxed for a moment and considered him. A certain kind of insanity crawled around in his feverish eyes. She had seen that look before. “Fuck. You.” 
He smiled, watching her a moment longer, and then left her to lay in her discomfort.
At the time, she thought this the lowest point to which her life could possibly sink. But of course, she had not met Dan Smith yet...or Larue Carter.
~~~~~
Larue D. Carter Memorial Hospital. 
When they couldn’t fix her at the stress center, they sent her to the mental institution. Anne came to realize that its main purpose was not so much healing, as it was storage. This place was the ‘final step’ for its inhabitants. A place to hide away all the troublesome patients. The ones who just didn’t fit in at the stress centers of the world, where things were comfortable and orderly. 
At the stress centers of the world, they had art deco on the walls, soft recessed lighting, plush carpeting in mauve, and meditation classes. They had art rooms, and library rooms, and living rooms. They played quiet relaxation music over speakers which were cleverly hidden in stucco ceilings. 
Mental institutions had bright fluorescent lighting that flickered. The light glared on shiny floors and concrete block walls that were always cold. Day rooms, plastic furniture, windows with bars. Their padded rooms didn’t have padding on the walls. 
On the Children’s ward, small red squares were taped to the floor. When the children misbehaved by laughing too loudly, or running in the hall, they were sent to ‘square’, which meant they stood in the red square until they were told to come out. Anne spent a lot of time in square. 
Feet aching. 
Vision blurring. 
Hatred boring into her soul. 
More serious infractions, such as talking back, sneaking food out of the cafeteria, or talking after lights out, got them ‘chair’. The wooden chairs sat beside the red squares. Chair was an all-day affair. They ate in chair, did their school work in chair, stared at the wall in chair, fell asleep in chair. 
Boredom. 
Discomfort. 
Hatred as bright and red as the squares taped to the floor.
The most serious crimes, such as spitting, screaming, hitting, eating too little, crying too much, led to the one punishment they all dreaded the most. ‘Room’. 
The quiet room was more of a cell, than a room. Small. Grey. Cold. Devoid of all but a dirty bare mattress on the floor in one corner and a portable toilet in another. There were no windows to the outside, but there was one small window in the door. It was up too high for Anne to see out, although her jailors could see in. She spent days at a time in room, the flickering fluorescent light seared into her eyes, even when they were closed. 
Anne learned early on why it was called the quiet room. The first time she went in there, for refusing to eat, she was not quiet at all. They rolled in a gurney and strapped her down with padded, leather restraints on her ankles and wrists. Before they strapped her down, they made her take her clothes off and put on a hospital gown and a diaper. 
After that, Anne was always very quiet in the quiet room. 
It was during her time spent in room that her long forgotten friend returned to her. The friend that no one else saw when she was a child. Her dark companion, still waiting for her in the dark woods. She saw him out of the corner of her eye, smiling at her. Heard him whispering in the hum of the fluorescent lighting overhead, beckoning to her to join him in the solitude of a hidden world. 
Perhaps she was crazy, after all. 
Isolation. 
Hallucination. 
Hatred as directionless as the voice that whispered to her. 
Square. Chair. Room. Broken punishments for broken children. 
There was only one door that the children could open. It led outside to ‘the cage’. On the third floor, the children had no access to the ground for recreation. They had a small, concrete roof top surrounded by a tall fence that curved inward at the top so they couldn’t climb over. It was the most desolate place Anne had ever been to. More so even, than the quiet room, because this was their only freedom, their place to be happy. And to dream of escape. 
Anne attempted it once. As she was led past the elevator, someone stepped out. Just as the doors were closing, she dashed in. The doors closed with a shudder and Anne let out a whoop. Where she would go did not matter. She was free. She pushed the round button labeled ‘L’, but nothing happened. She slammed her finger into the L over and over. 
Nothing. 
The door opened and the irritated face of her jailor scowled at her. Then he smiled and raised his hand. “You need a key to make it work, girlie.” The keys jingled as he shook them, a merry, joyful sound which gnashed and bit into her wholly joyless senses. 
Five days in room. Flickering lights. Furtive whispering. Silence. Hatred which scorched her soul deeper than the flickering light scorched her eyes. 
Ten months Anne spent at Larue Carter. She was not healed, but she was tamed. 
When they released her, she was afraid. 
Afraid of the sky and the grass and all the open space that she found around her. 
And when she realized that what she wanted more than anything else in the world was to go back to Larue Carter, she cried. But not in front of anyone who could see her. And not in front of her invisible friend, because he had left her once again. 
She hardened her heart, hung her head down, and began trudging. And slowly, over time, the memory of the place faded to near non-existence. 
Until the day she visited Dan in the hospital psychiatric ward. The memories came back with such force, that she felt them in her body. The fear, the insanity, the isolation and hatred. Panic tore through her with animalistic power. She could only control the raw instinct to run, through sheer force of will. She told herself she would talk to Dan when he got out. Apologize and tell him her story. She would pour her heart out to him, and he to her. Finally, someone would understand. Together, they would both heal. 

Chapter 30
Dan and Tar had been listening as Anne told Sean her story. It looked as if something had finally impressed Tar. “Did she tell you she had been in a mental institution?” 
“Yes, but…” 
“But what?”
“I...I didn’t really believe her.”
“Why not?”
Dan sighed and shrugged. “Frankly, it just seemed kind of…I don’t know…unbelievable. I thought maybe she was just trying to somehow make me feel better...like I wasn’t the only loser.”
Tar looked at him curiously. “You think that story makes her a loser?”
“Well...of course not...but...you know what I mean.”
“No. I don’t,” Tar said shaking his head.
Dan looked away from him and back at Anne. She had been so agitated, visiting him that day. She could barely sit still in her seat, her eyes flitting around the room. He had been devastated when she told him she wouldn’t be visiting him. Why is she trying to make this about her somehow? Thinking back now, her discomfort at the hospital and while watching ‘One Flew Over the Couckoo’s Nest’ made sense. 
She came and got him a week later when they released him. She apologized for her behavior, and told him about her attempted suicide. “You know, Dan, you can talk to me. I’ve been there. I understand.”
“It’s not like that,” he had said flippantly. “I didn’t want to die. I told you, I don’t know what happened. I just snapped.”
Never able to admit it, not even to himself. He had wanted to die. And no, he had not been glad to be alive. He was mad as hell at himself for failing at even that. He could never do anything right. She couldn’t possibly understand. He was supposed to be the strong one. Hadn’t he been the one who had rescued her? Was he now supposed to just reveal himself as the weak minded, fragile thing that he was? 
And besides, wasn’t it really the other way around that first night? Who had really rescued who? If it hadn’t been for Anne, taking a chance on some fat guy’s wine, he would have been dead long before. Anne had saved him once, and she had tried to pour her heart out to him, but he had made it all about himself. Dan wished he had believed her. Wished he had listened to her. Wished it were him she was now pouring her heart out to and not this other man. What a self-centered little shit I was. 
Even now, Dan realized, he was being a selfish bastard. So wrapped up in his own little tragedy that he never noticed the needs of others. He looked over at Tar, once again realizing about how very little he knew of him. Why was Tar here? Did he have his own personal story of tragedy? “Tar...what about you?”
Tar stood by the bookshelf, studying it closely. Volumes of hardbound books filled the bottom two shelves, ‘Dungeons & Dragons’ printed on them in shiny silver and gold embossed foil. On the top shelves were dozens of painted, miniature metal figures of monsters, heroes, and a few dragons. 
Tar’s head tilted to one side, and he had a quizzical look on his face, as if he were just about to figure something out that had been puzzling him. 
Dan smiled, and walked over to him, his question momentarily forgotten.
Tar pointed to the bookshelf. “A game?” 
“Yes.” 
Tar picked up a small, orc-ish looking figure and studied it. “Are people who play this game, more likely to commit suicide?” 
“No, Tar. It’s just a dumb stereotype they’ve been given, I’m not even sure why. I guess because a lot of them are … different.” 
“Did you play this game?”
“No.” Dan chuckled. “But Anne did.” 
Tar looked at her. She had a large, round sucker in her mouth which stained her lips bright red, and she had her face pressed up against the window air conditioner. Eyes closed, the air flowed over her face and swept her long hair back in a yellow flurry. 
~~~~~
Every subtle sensation that Anne’s skin perceived was a tingling effervescence of euphoria. The cool air rushing past her face was a silky caress that cascaded over her body. Her mouth was dry and her jaw sore. Sean told her to suck on the candy, and not to clench her jaw, but one by one she cracked the suckers he gave her until she thought her teeth would crack as well. 
Sean laughed and ran his fingers lightly down her forearm, sending a stream of tiny, tickling shivers racing up her spine. “Now you know why it’s called Ecstasy, eh? It takes some getting used to. Stop biting down so hard.” He took her by the hand, and led her over to the couch. “Anne...” 
“What,” she asked after a few moments of silence, “What is it, Sean?”
“Anne. I just want to tell you…” He shook his head, perhaps dismissing an unwanted thought. “I just want to tell you I’m sorry that I can’t do anything for you. And I’m sorry you have to go through this. But no matter what, I’ll be here for you, okay?”
He had to go to work in the morning, but Ecstasy had a short half-life, and left no hang over. Nevertheless, he had to get some sleep. He let her have his bed, while he took the couch. 
“You’re not sleeping with your gun anymore?” she asked casually, as he tucked her under the covers like a small child. She was looking at the bedside table where he had always kept his gun, fully loaded. 
Sean wrinkled his brow, and looked at her like she was crazy. “Pshhh. Yeah, right.” He leaned over and pulled the sleek black pistol from under the bed. He held it up, and it was briefly silhouetted against the light from the lamp behind him. An amber halo surrounded it, and she almost thought she heard a choir of angels singing softly in the background. 
It was an instant, perfect moment. A snap shot of understanding. ‘The Answer’ on a flash card, suddenly before her, and then disappearing just as suddenly back under the bed. 
Anne smiled. 
Sean turned the light off and closed the door.

Chapter 31
Dan saw the gun. Then he saw Anne smile. “Oh crap.”
Rale had been quiet and elusive that night, but he was there. He would not leave her. He stepped forward now and sat next to her on the bed, for he had seen that flash card as well.
“Tar!” Dan shouted.
“I’m standing right here, you don’t need to shout.”
“Did you see that?” 
“See what? The gun?”
Hysteria rose within Dan and he flung his hands toward the bed. “Yes. The gun.”
Tar held his hands out and shrugged. “I saw it. So? What about it?”
“Well…I mean…what are we going to do about it?”
Tar shook his head, his hands still up in the air. “There’s nothing we can do about it.” 
Rale said nothing, looking at them curiously. 
Dan’s fear and anger boiled up within him, his protective instincts for her kicking into high gear. He glared at Rale with what he hoped was bone chilling intimidation. “Leave her alone!” 
Rale only looked at him. His eyes had a certain kind of quiet passion that overwhelmed Dan. It burned at something deep inside and hurt him. Finally, Dan looked away.
Tar put a hand on Dan’s shoulder. “Relax. He can’t do anything. He can’t pick up that gun any more than you can.”
Dan twisted away from him, brushing his hand off his shoulder. “But you don’t know that. He’s more powerful than either of us. She can see him. Talk to him. How can he do that, Tar? How is it that he’s more powerful than you?”
“Calm down––” Tar tried to say, but Dan was unstoppable now. 
He took a step toward Rale. “Get away from her, damn you! Leave her alone!”
Rale stood up, and looked so pointedly at Dan that he flinched. Rale’s eyes smoldered with such heat, that Dan wilted. This spirit was the embodiment of pain and suffering, and now Dan had his full and undivided attention. 
He tried to tear his eyes away, tried to step back, but he was paralyzed. Fear coursed through his veins, icy quicksilver raising goose bumps along the back of his neck and arms. The sensation of breathing had been fading away from him over the past weeks. Now, as Rale moved closer to him, he felt like he was suffocating. Something crushed him, causing his head to bow and his shoulders to hunch. It was the weight of his fear. 
Now Rale stood beside him. 
My God, Dan thought, is he going to touch me? 
Rale’s hand reached out.
Dan knew Rale couldn’t kill him. But maybe he could do something worse. This is it. Fear pounded in his chest. Can he take my soul? Does he destroy souls? That might be best. Maybe Rale would consume his soul, destroy what remained of him. A feeling of relief and peace eased through Dan’s spirit. Yes, he could give himself to Rale. Rale would take it all away. Dan closed his eyes and waited.
“Damn it!” Tar shouted, jarring Dan out of his stupor. 
He opened his eyes. Tar held Rale’s wrist, Rale’s fingers inches away from Dan’s face. Tar glared at Dan. “Why do you always give up so easily?” he said angrily. He turned to Rale and released his wrist. “What are you doing here?” 
Rale smiled in a sad sort of way. “My old friend…Tar.” Rale said the name as if it were an accusation and Dan saw a flicker of movement around the muscles of Tar’s eyes. “I would ask the same of you. What are you doing here? Still? Don’t you ever grow tired of this place?”
“Do you grow tired of it...old...friend.” Tar replied softly.
Rale dropped his voice to a whisper. “Yes, Tar, I do grow tired. I want to leave.” Their eyes were locked to each other. 
Tar broke the gaze first and his voice became dismissive. “There is nothing here for you.” 
Rale closed his eyes momentarily and shook his head slightly. “Oh, you are quite mistaken. This one,” he said motioning to Dan, “still has much of the world in him. I can feel a heart beating and lungs breathing. And I can feel the sting of tears in his eyes.” He turned to Dan and slowly began to circle him, speaking softly. 
Dan closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to remain calm and steady. Trying to not let his fear show. 
Rale’s shadow touched Dan’s spirit, and his words seemed to stir a lost memory from deep within. Dan remembered the first time he had seen the darkness of Anne’s Despair. Circling her. Testing for weaknesses. Is that what Rale was doing now? Searching for a weakness?
Rale’s voice was soothing. It enchanted him. “I know what you’re feeling, Dan. I can feel it too. A heavy weight on your chest. Your heart racing...pounding. You can’t breathe, but all you’re doing is breathing. You are utterly helpless. You can help neither yourself, nor her. She’s right there and she needs you, but you just can’t reach her. You threw your life away. For what? Oblivion? But there is no oblivion, is there? Now you know the truth. There is no escape.”
Rale stopped in front of Dan and looked in his eyes. “What is it you want from me?”
Dan’s voice was barely a whisper. “Can you take me away from all of this?” 
And then Dan saw something he did not expect. He saw compassion in Rale’s eyes. Rale reached out and almost touched Dan’s face. But he stopped and glanced over at Tar. 
Tar shook his head ever so slightly. Dan saw the muscles of Tar’s jaw clench and his lips tighten. An unspoken command given.
Rale sighed, and looked back at Dan, his eyes momentarily hollow. “I think not,” he said, lowering his hand. Then he turned and started walking away.
“Wait,” Dan said suddenly. 
Rale turned back, a bemused look on his face. “Wait? What would you have me wait for?”
“Were you with me when I was dying?” 
“No, I wasn’t with you. Do I seem familiar to you?”
Dan had thought about that moment many times. He reached up and ran his hand down his cheek, remembering the silky caress on his face and the voice whispering in his ear. “Someone was there with me…I heard a voice…It told me to let go.” 
Rale nodded. “I too, have heard that voice. But only in my dreams.”

Chapter 32
Rale had not always been as he was now. He had been a man once, and not a particularly bad man either. He was a man who did the best he could, but sometimes that’s not enough. 
Yes, he had felt things like joy and even love, but he had also caused great pain and suffering. 
And death. 
Rale never set out to hurt anyone, but sometimes, that’s not enough either. 
After his own death, Rale searched for forgiveness. What he found was a barrier, like a stone wall, placed around him. Upon this barrier, he flung his spirit until there was almost nothing left except the sin that would not be forgiven. 
Some spirits, like Tar, don’t want to move on. They hold onto something, and won’t let go. 
Other spirits, like Rale, want to move on but something else holds onto them and won’t let go. 
Despair, Tar named him, and Despair he was. It consumed him and darkened his spirit until finally he lost hope of ever being free of that mortal abode. Sometimes he dreamed of white shores and a voice that called his name, his real name. That voice told him to let go, to stop searching for the forgiveness which he longed for. The white shores gleamed in the distance, and the light that reached him seared away his shadows and sins. 
But he was a creature of darkness now and would recoil from the light. The shackles that bound Rale were forged in the fires of his sin. The cruel master of his guilt hammered it around Rale’s spirit and held fast to the chain. 
Apart from both the pure energy of Creation, and the world which is full of the energy of life, Rale gravitated toward that which reflected the nature of his spirit. Tar told Dan that Rale fed off Anne’s despair, and in a way that was true. Rale absorbed the dark energy that her spirit created within her body. In the same way Dan could smell the cookies, or smack the car window glass, Rale could interact with the dark emanations of her spirit, which were so like his own. 
What Tar did not tell Dan, however, was that it was not Anne who Rale haunted. 
It was Tar. 

Chapter 33
Dear Dan,
I thought I had saved you after you tried to kill yourself. I thought my love had saved you. But I let you slip right through my fingers. I remember our last kiss. I can still feel your arms around me. I close my eyes and see your face and feel your body next to mine. I had you...you were right there in my arms...and then I let go. 
I cannot find words to express how heavy the weight of guilt is for me. It smothers me. It makes it difficult to move, sometimes even to breathe. It does not make me stronger, it crushes and cripples me.
My God, when will this pain ever end?
Was it my fault, Dan? Could I have done anything to save you? I’m sure I could have, and that’s why I can’t escape this guilt. If I had just stayed home from work. If I had just told you to wait for me. If I had just turned the car around. God, I wish I had turned the car around...
I wish I had looked in your duffel bag and seen that gun. I wish I had called you when I got home from work. I wish I had told you to quit your job and stay with me. I wish I had told you to never go back to Tennessee. I wish, I wish, I wish until I want to fucking scream! But there’s no one I can scream at. My family doesn’t call me. My friends don’t call me. 
My grief is my companion now. Despair is my only comfort and solace. I talk to it, sleep with it, wrap it all around me in a dark lover’s embrace. It has a face and a voice now. It keeps you close to me and reminds me that I let you slip away. 
It’s a despair that I don’t think I will survive, but I don’t want it to ever leave me. Will it leave me one day, just like you did? 
Am I going crazy? Does despair have a soul? Can it walk, and talk, and visit me in my dreams? Am I hallucinating? Has this grief damaged my brain...or my spirit? 
I don’t ever want this grief to leave me, because that would mean you were slipping away from me again. 
My grief is a testament to my love for you. 
I commit myself, and all that I am, to it, until death parts us.
~ Anne 

Chapter 34
Sean had left for work, and Anne lay alone in the bed. Thoughts of the gun distracted her. It was so close she could almost feel it under the mattress, a pea for the princess to toss and turn over. If only she could just look at it one more time, maybe even hold it. 
And then what? 
On the other side of the plywood that covered the windows, bullet holes punctured the glass. Sean had boarded them up long ago, and no sunlight could find its way inside his apartment. The air conditioner hummed. Outside, it was bright yellow. The kind of hot, humid, Indiana summer day that makes clothing stick to your skin and sweat trickle down your back. The air is so thick, it’s difficult to breath. The musty smell of damp heat, the taste of it so heavy it fills your mouth, wraps around you like an old wool blanket. 
In the cool darkness of the boarded up apartment, pinpoints of green and red light flickered and shimmered from electronics scattered around the room. When Anne squinted, the lights grew larger, fuzzier. She could almost believe they were Christmas lights. She was a million miles away. 
Leaning over the side of the bed, she looked for the gun. Her hand reached out, but like a scared child’s hand in the dark, jerked back protectively. She rolled back over and exhaled through clenched teeth. “Why can’t I stop thinking about it?”
Rale lay on the bed beside her. “Because you know you can kill yourself with it.”
“Kill myself…?”
“Of course. We both know that’s what you want to do.”
“But... what about Alexandra? How could I leave her?”
“She’s very young. She’d wouldn’t even remember.”
“But she wouldn’t have a mother.”
“What kind of mother are you now? Sometimes, it’s better to not have a thing, than to have a bad thing. You would be doing her a favor. She would be better off without you.”
Yes. Anne thought. Alexandra does deserve better, but I just can’t do it or deal with it anymore. She sighed. “I just wish the three of us could be together again. Like it used to be.” 
Rale was silent. 
She turned her head toward him. His eyes smoldered with secret knowledge. “The three of you can be together again, Anne.”
It took a moment, as when you cut yourself with a sharp blade. You don’t feel the pain at first, but you know it’s coming. Anne knew the meaning of his words, but the impact did not hit her at first. It caressed the surface of her skin. She felt the pressure, but not the pain. Then slowly, heavily, it drifted down into her body, working its way through all the pores of her skin. It ran like quick-silver through her veins - an icy coolness that found her heart at last. 
She froze. 
Held her breath. 
Dare not move lest she show him that she understood his words. 
Like a small furry animal trapped before sharp teeth, she felt hidden in her paralysis. 
“I know you understand,” he whispered gently, as if soothing a frightened animal. 
Anne could fall into the pools of his eyes. The depth would cover her. She could lose herself completely. “…It would be nice...” 
“What would be nice?” he asked.
She blinked and turned away from him, her face suddenly hot. “Just shut up, Rale.”
Rale remained silent, and she went in the living room and started watching TV. But her thoughts kept returning to the gun, to the words Rale had spoken, and to the possibilities that both offered. “Rale?”
His eyes peered out at her from the shadows at the other end of the couch. “I’m here.”
“Would the three of us really be together? If…”
“If what?”
“What do you mean, ‘if what’?” she said with irritation in her voice. “You know what I’m talking about. Why play games with me?”
“I know what you’re talking about,” he answered calmly. “I can say it. Why can’t you?” He paused, waiting for her to respond. But she remained silent, her eyes and mouth tight with fury, her face flushed, her nails digging into the palms of her hands.
Rale gave a little sigh. “All right, Anne, I’ll say it, because I know you want me to. You can kill your daughter, and then kill yourself.”
Anne shook her head slowly, stood up suddenly, and whirled around to face him, her hair spinning out behind her in a swinging cascade of fury. “How could I kill my own daughter?” she shouted at him, tears welling in her eyes.
Rale stood and put one hand on her shoulder. With the other, he touched her cheek. “Easily.” He slid his hand down the side of her face and to the back of her neck, pulling her to his chest and wrapping his arms around her. Safe and sound. “You could shoot her in the head, and she wouldn’t even know what happened. She would never grow old. Never die alone. Suffering would be unknown to her. She would only know peace. With you and Dan. Forever.”
Anne’s brow cooled. Her muscles relaxed. She uncurled her fists. Rale had said it, not her. His voice was the gentle voice of reason and logic. He would not lie to her. His dark shadow enveloped her, his touch intoxicating. Breathing in deeply, she let herself be immersed in his embrace. 
It made perfect sense. Why would a mother leave her child to the cruel whims and torments of this cursed place? If she could be reunited with Dan, why wouldn’t she take Alexandra with her? Something clicked in her brain, a piece fell into place, and for the first time in her life, she had an epiphany.

Anne, Dan, and Alexandra were together. They sat on a blanket in a green field, surrounded by wild flowers. A gentle river flowed past, with a wide sandy bank spreading out beside it. Sunlight sparkled on the surface of the water like tiny diamonds. Alexandra giggled. Anne smiled. Dan looked into her eyes - the first time since their last kiss. 

This could be eternity. 
The moment vanished quickly, but it was all she needed. It was so simple. 
Finally. 
The answer. 
Her thoughts raced. 
She would slip the gun into her purse. It could all be over before Sean even realized his gun was gone. 
Wait until Alexandra’s asleep, put a pillow over her head, wouldn’t even see it happen, call 9-1-1 first, leave the door unlocked, they’ll find us together in bed, just like we were asleep. Yes, we’ll just go to sleep together and wake up with Dan. Oh my God, this is almost over. Hurry up, hurry UP! 
Anne almost leaped off the couch and over to the bed. She got down on hands and knees, and reached for the gun. 
Her hand stopped mid-flight. 
She shook her head. 
Like waking from a nightmare, she was both horrified by what she had just experienced, and relieved that it was over. “That’s crazy, Rale…I…I’m not going to kill my daughter.”
Turning around, she sat on the floor next to the bed. Rale sat beside her on the floor and she studied his face. She would have to be careful around him from now on. His words had been so convincing. Had he played a trick on her? Or was he even really there? Was it her own desire, so repulsive and shameful that she hid it behind a dark, shrouded figment of her imagination? “What are you trying to do?” 
Rale shrugged and turned away. “I’m not trying to do anything.” 
“I know what you’re doing, and it’s not going to work.”
Rale said nothing.
“You’re not going to get me to kill my daughter.”
“I’m not trying to get you to kill her, Anne. You asked me a question. I simply answered it.”
“Well, I’m not going to do it.” 
“That’s fine.”
But the thought meandered through her like a lazy river, a sparkling pathway to freedom. The course of her journey, illuminated. 
Chapter 35
Fear isn’t so difficult to understand. After all, weren’t we all frightened as children? Nothing has changed since Little Red Riding Hood faced the big bad wolf. What frightens us today is exactly the same sort of thing that frightened us yesterday. It’s just a different wolf.
~ Alfred Hitchcock
~~~~~
Anne sat on the floor of Sean’s apartment, thinking about the gun so close to her. 
Death. So close.
Throughout Anne’s life, she thought Death had been stalking her. A dark companion whispering to her from beyond the veil. It all made sense now. Death had not been stalking her from behind. It had been in front, leading the way. Yes, she tried to kill herself at thirteen. But even before that, Death had whispered in her ear. 
She was nine. Randomly searching through her parents medicine cabinet... little amber bottles full of pills…she hadn’t known what she was doing...had she? She remembered her mother’s frantic voice. She remembered walking, walking, walking. Her parents dragging her around the driveway. All she wanted to do was sleep. Her ‘practice round’, she came to think of it. When she was older and wiser, she would not be so childish. 
But she did not get quite old enough or wise enough. She made the same mistake again, and found herself at Larue Carter.
At sixteen, one of Anne’s childhood friends was hit and killed by a train on a dark, foggy night. As she stood looking down at her in the casket, she imagined that Shelly had not wanted to die. Shelly wanted to live, yet died. Anne wanted to die, yet lived. 
“No one ever said life was fair,” her mother had often said to her. This moment, staring down at a dead girl in a coffin, was the first of many such moments. Moments where the truth of her mother’s words became reality. You were right all along, Mom. 
At seventeen, Anne considered her childhood well behind her. Living on her own with Sean while finishing her last year of high school, she worked part time in a nursing home. There, she met death face to face. It seemed to taunt her.  
She cared for the residents the best a seventeen year old girl could. Bud was her pet, Elizabeth her child, Jim her problem child, Teresa her friend.
Bud could walk. He walked up and down the hallway, pushing his wheelchair in front of him. He never talked or smiled, but he nodded his head in agreement to everything you said. If he liked you, he followed you. He followed Anne everywhere. One day, when Anne came to work and saw his wheelchair folded up in the hallway, she knew Bud was gone forever. 
Elizabeth had suffered a stroke. She couldn’t walk or talk. She wore diapers and when she ate, she wore a bib. Anne stretched her arms and legs every morning before getting her out of bed, but her body curled up anyway. She sat in a long recliner that had wheels on it so that Anne could move her to other parts of the home. Anne fed her pureed food with a turkey baster. One day, Elizabeth choked and gagged and spit mushed carrots on Anne. Anne finally lost patience with her and left to wash her face. 
When she returned fifteen minutes later, Elizabeth was dead. “I think I killed her,” she said to the nurse on duty. 
“You didn’t,” the nurse assured her. “Elizabeth has been dying for a long time.” 
But Anne wasn’t so sure. 
Death whispered in her ear. You did kill her, Anne. How does it feel? 
Jim had suffered a stroke as well, and he had been curling up for a long time before Anne first met him. He lay in a bed, and Anne rolled him from one side to the other throughout her shift, massaging his tight, withered limbs. His eyes were always closed, his mouth always open. She talked to him. He grunted at her. Sometimes, when he was angry, he growled at her. One day, near the end, she was bathing him. He grunted at her as she talked to him, but he didn’t growl. His raspy, labored breathing stopped suddenly. His eyes, wide open, full of fear, looked at her. She had never seen his eyes. 
“Jim?” She touched his cheek. He relaxed. He breathed. “Don’t scare me like that, Jim.” He grunted and closed his eyes. He stopped breathing again. Slowly this time, gently. 
“Jim, stay with me,” she said close to his ear, his head cradled in her hands. And after that, she knew what a dying breath was. 
Teresa had bone cancer. She called Anne “honey” and loved it when Anne brushed her hair. One time, when Anne helped her out of bed, Teresa’s feet slid out from under her. Neither of them was strong enough and they both fell on the floor. Teresa patted Anne’s cheek with her tissue-paper hand and said, “It’s okay, honey.” Teresa told Anne about her children and grandchildren, but Anne never met them. 
Teresa looked out the window a lot. 
One day, when Anne came to work, she saw a gurney outside Teresa’s room with a black body bag lying on top. 
Teresa died alone. 
“How can you take this year after year?” she asked, tears falling from her eyes.
“You get used to, honey,” the nurse answered.
Used to it? 
At seventeen, she thought perhaps her childhood wasn’t completely behind her after all.
At twenty-two, she was a woman, working her way through college. On October 31, 1994 American Eagle Flight 4184 crashed in a lonely field in Roselawn, Indiana killing all on board. 
“Why are we going?” she asked a fellow National Guard soldier.
“I think it’s because we’re medics,” he answered.
All the pieces were picked up and examined. Photographed. X-rayed. Catalogued, and put in numbered bags. The bags were stored in two refrigerated semi-trailers. Over three thousand pieces of sixty-eight people. They searched for a piece of each victim. Other people identified them in the gymnasium of the local high school, and Anne found them on the refrigerated trucks outside the gym doors.
Someone brought her a little slip of paper. “2,784 – right hand, red nail polish,” it read. 
Find me, Anne, it whispered to her. Find me. 
She shivered in her haz mat suit, a paper thin barrier to the destruction around her. She walked down the corridor, hemmed in on either side by them. She tightened her respirator until it bit into her face, but the smell seeped in anyway. The smell of death. Sour. Musty. Heavy with putrescence. The reaper’s scythe cut with the sharp scent of rotting flesh. 
They were everywhere. The bags piled on long tables, and piled on the floor under the long tables. As she turned her body to fit between the bulging tables, she brushed a bag with her hip. A small cascade of them fell toward her. Reaching out, she tried to catch them, but a fetid layer of wetness covered everything. They slipped out of her grasp and continued falling toward her with determination. They slid over her hands and arms and landed with a moist –thud-thud-thud. 
“I’m sorry,” she said to the pile of them at her feet, her arms still stretched out before her, now a gesture of helplessness. These were the 1600’s. She picked them up as gently as she could, returning them to the pile on the table. 
Further down the corridor she saw what she was looking for. A paper taped to the wall read “2700”. She sorted through them, one by one. Cold and alone and hidden in their bags. 
Some of the bags were small and light. But most were of an unsettling heaviness, the weight of them a testament to that which they carried inside. 
Here I am, they cried out to her. 
She found what might have been 2,784, but the smudging ink was hard to decipher. Opening the bag, she felt inside, knowing the latex on her hand would not shield her. There it was, the firm yet yielding sensation. Flesh. 
Black and injured, it was a human hand. 
Scuffed and muted red splashes of color on the tips of swollen fingers. 
Found you. 
Another little slip of paper. 
“1,562 – left foot, red nail polish.”
They were putting a person back together. 
Anne found 2,784’s left foot and other hand. Someone loved 2,784 enough to know what color nail polish she wore. 
She sorted through them all – hands, feet, ribs, teeth, elbows, flesh. 
She knew who was married because their left ring finger was missing. Unyielding metal bands ripping the tender flesh away from its body.
When she found them, she sent them away from that dark, wet, cold place where they were kept in bags and the stench consumed her. 
Death settled into her every pore. Stood before her in every moment. Grinned and blew its rancid breath in her face. 
Sometimes, Anne came off the truck and wrapped their wounded black flesh in soft white cotton. They were warm in the gymnasium and she laid them on the cushion of the coffin. The jagged edges smoothed. 
Thank you, they said to her.
Most of them were buried together, unidentified. The coffins full of pretty white packages. And with them went a little slip of paper. “I did not know you, but I loved you.”
Now she was twenty-nine. Another dead body, another broken heart. Another voice whispering in her ear. The shroud of Death, her companion. Had it been the one with her, all those years ago? Her imaginary friend who had whispered to her in the language only a child can understand? The dark companion always ready to lead her into his dark shadows? Perhaps it had never left her side after all. Had it changed its face…its voice…its name? 
Was it named Rale?
Always, it had whispered to her. Come with me, come with me. 
Had this been the darkness it was leading her to? Leading her to this moment? To this gun? It was right beside her, inches away from her hand which rested gently on the floor beside Sean’s bed. She knew it was only a matter of time before she reached for it. But would she use it? Or would she take it home with her? 
Home…she could take it home…
…where her daughter would be…
“Enough!” she yelled. 
She crawled to the bed and reached under, friction warming her hand as it slid back and forth over the carpet. 
Zap! A static shock zinged her fingers as they touched cold metal and curled around the barrel. 
The darkness grew paler and the heaviness lifted. An effervescent pressure built up. Her lungs tingled, her heart raced, and the corners of her lips rose up in a smile. Panting, she giggled.
Rale touched her hand. Pale skin, somehow dark, reached under hers and sapped the warmth, but also the pain. Like withdrawing a dagger from her heart, the pain broke free, released in a torrent that carried her life force away. It pulled her toward Rale and he touched her face with his other hand. Liquid ice poured over her. The dark energy of her spirit flowed toward him. His watery eyes looked back at her and in that moment he was real. 
“Rale, It’s my fault. I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.” 
A silvery tear fell from Rale’s eye. “I know.” He gripped her hand, and together, their arms rose up until the barrel of the gun was beside her temple. 
Rale nodded his head once. “Let go.” 
Cold metal touched her skin and she flinched. Her finger found the trigger and everything fell away. 
She felt what Dan had felt. 
And she understood. 
And she was free. 
 
Chapter 36
Panic, as wild and hot as fire, burned through Dan’s spirit as he watched Anne raise the gun to her head. It boiled inside his chest and a scream tore its way up his throat. Lips pursing, he stifled the approaching shriek as desperate tears, born of sheer helplessness, sprang from his eyes. His fingers curled into claws and he grabbed Tar by the shoulders and shook. “Do something!”
Tar slipped away and reappeared on the other side of Dan, his own eyes blazing. “Rale. Stop.” 
Rale either did not hear, or did not care. 
The gun barrel touched her skin. 
Something seemed to snap inside Tar. “Not again!” he shouted, his spirit growing as light as Rale’s spirit was dark. 
The cold shadow that surrounded Anne seared away as Tar knelt close to her, reached through it, and touched her face. 
~~~~~
Anne closed her eyes and increased the pressure on the trigger. 
A white light flashed over her eyelids and she hesitated. It was only for a moment, but a vision flashed before her. 

The front door opened, letting in the brilliance of the sun. Tar stood in the doorway and smiled at her. No, not Tar. Sean. A look of horror slid quietly over Sean’s face as he looked down at something heaped on the floor. Walking over to it, he sank to his knees and covered it with his body. Cradled in his hands, Anne’s bloody, lifeless face stared up at him, her fingers still clutching his gun. Tears rolled down his face. His body shuddered. He screamed. 

Anne opened her eyes and the vision faded into the darkness of the apartment. 
She removed the gun from her head and looked at it as though it were a viper in her hand. 
“My God,” she whispered, putting it down on the floor beside her. 
She had given even less consideration to Sean than Dan had given to her. At least Dan had been four hundred miles away. She had almost killed herself in Sean’s apartment, with his gun. He would have walked in and found her, just as she had seen a moment ago. 
Anne shivered, thankful for the last moment vision that had saved her. 
Strange that I imagined seeing Tar at first. 
~~~~~
Tar sighed, removing his hand from Anne’s face. Tears welled in his eyes and threatened to spill over. 
Rale inclined his head slightly toward Tar and let go of Anne’s hand. 
Dan, gasping and whimpering his thanks, reached out to Tar, but Tar recoiled and disappeared in a grey, misty haze before the first tear fell. 
Dan was left staring at his outstretched hand. 
Anne returned the gun to its hiding place, and collapsed on the bed, sobbing. 
What had happened between Tar and Anne was a mystery, but Dan understood that somehow Tar had saved her. 
Cold relief gave way to burning anger. Lip trembling, he pointed at Rale who still sat on the floor. “I don’t care what Tar says, you are a demon. Pure evil. There is nothing good in you.”
Rale frowned and nodded his head. “Perhaps.” He stood and walked over to Dan. “But things aren’t always what they seem. I heard what Tar said about me that day at your friend’s house. He said a lot of things…But the funny part is, he wasn’t talking about me. He was talking about himself.” 
Dan thought back to that day. Standing under the weeping willow tree with Tar. Rale only a shadow on Rick’s porch. 
Rale sat on the couch and gave a heavy sigh. “Tar is the one punishing himself, not I. Something else punishes me. It holds me here against my will and my spirit has grown dark because of it. Tar chooses to stay. I knew him when he was alive, and I watched him die. I know all his secrets. He’s the one who can’t forgive himself…or anyone else. He’s the one who won’t let go.”
Dan shook his head. “No. That’s not true. Tar’s been to real Heaven. He was going to take me there.”
Rale looked down at his hands. “He’s never been to those shores. Only looked upon it, across the waters of his shame.”
What exactly, Dan wondered, was Rale saying? His eyes narrowed as he looked at Rale. “Why does Tar punish himself? What is it he can’t forgive himself for?” 
Silence.
“You knew Tar when he was alive?” Dan asked. “How?”
Rale stood and turned away from Dan. “Oh, I knew him all right. He hasn’t told you, has he? I was alive with Tar…so long ago...Tar would say that I killed him.” Rale turned back toward Dan and looked at him, as if wanting to see his reaction. “Does that shock you?”
Dan shrugged nonchalantly as he gritted his teeth. “No. I already figured you were a murderer, anyway.”
With a slight nod, Rale turned away again and moved to the other side of the room. He began examining the small metal figurines on the bookshelf. “But that’s not true. It’s not my fault Tar died. It was his own fault…If he hadn’t…” The words trailed off and Rale closed his eyes, and sighed one of those deep sighs that means a person has searched and searched, and is tired of trying to find the right words. 
Dan smirked. “Are you trying to convince me…or yourself of that? What really happened, Rale?”
When Rale heard his name, he froze and then turned to face Dan once more, a pained look on his face. “Why don’t you ask Tar.” 
Dan clenched his jaw. “Gah, what is it with you two? Why can’t anything ever be a simple answer? Anyway, Anne has nothing to do with either of you. Why do you torment her?”
Rale came closer. Dan instinctively took a step back as he approached. Rale held his hands up in surrender and stopped a few feet away. “I will give you a simple answer. I do not torment her. She is a tormented spirit, as am I. I am drawn to her because our spirits are alike. Dark. Full of grief…despair…guilt…I do not cause her pain. I take it from her. It nourishes my spirit because nothing else can. As you say, there is no good in me. That was taken from me long ago.” 
Confused, Dan looked down at the floor trying to sort out what Rale was saying. 
Rale bent his head down to catch Dan’s gaze. He raised his eyebrows slightly as if to encourage Dan in his musings. 
Dan’s lips parted, but quickly closed again. 
Rale’s eyebrows dropped in resignation. “Why do you fail to see that which is so obvious?” He pointed at Dan. “You cause her pain. You brought this down upon her.” He dropped his hand and shrugged. “I am only taking the pain that you have given her. You want me to leave her alone? If I did that, then she would be utterly alone. You left her...Why?” Rale closed his eyes for a few moments, and when he opened them again, he looked at Dan with eyes that pierced all the layers of bullshit Dan had built around himself and saw into the heart within. He smiled. 
Dan saw a certain kind of understanding in that smile, as though something important had just fallen into place. Fuck. 
“You wanted this,” Rale said with a little nod of the head. “Yes. You wanted her to suffer. Just a little bit.”
“You’re so full of shit, Rale.”
“It’s all right, I understand why you did. You gave her signs, and she was supposed to save you. If she loved you she wouldn’t have left you alone at her apartment. She would have seen. And she would have saved you.”
“Shut up.” Dan bit his lower lip, body shaking with rage. 
Rale came closer. A cold breath of air rustled around Dan’s spirit. “That kiss in the parking lot. That was it, wasn’t it? The last kiss. It should have worked. It always works in the movies. But she just toddled away…left you like you were nothing.”
Dan ground his teeth. “That’s not true, Rale. Stop it.” Dark spots of fury floated before his eyes. 
“It is true, and you know it,” Rale spat at him. “She disappointed you. She should have known. And you wanted her to suffer.” Rale leaned in close to Dan and whispered. “You would show her, wouldn’t you? She would be sorry.” Rale leaned back, his voice dripping with derision. “And she is sorry now, isn’t she?”
The dark spots grew larger and fused together until all was blackness. A shrill ringing screamed in his ears. Trembling hands reached up and held his head which swam dizzily through a haze of fury and stark contrition.
Everything Rale said was true. In the fog of his depression, he had believed he was giving her signs. She was supposed to see his signs and save him. When she didn’t, it meant that his life wasn’t worth saving. He knew it wasn’t her fault, yet still he had been angry. Hurt. Disappointed. She would be sorry, he told himself. After he was dead, she would realize how much she loved him, how worthy he was of being saved. Perhaps then his life would finally have meaning…to someone… 
He sank to his knees, head bowed, and let the tears fall.
Rale looked down on him with what might have been pity. “Everyone has left her now. Except me. Her pain discomforts them. Sean will try to help her, but ultimately, he wants what she can’t give. No one there understands her pain. To cause the death of someone you love?” He sighed and his eyes grew hard and callous, all pity vanishing like dust in a flame. “Yes, Dan…I do know that pain….and I will not leave her unless she tells me to go.”
Anne’s sleepy voice whispered in the next room. “Rale…are you here?”
Dan looked at Rale’s watery form through the tears in his eyes. Rale turned his back on him and walked into the bedroom. “I’m here.”
Part 3
Hope. 
It’s a quiet emotion. You hardly even notice its existence until it’s gone. There are a few moments, however, when it makes its presence acutely known. 
Anticipation. Longing. Fear.
When you are afraid, really afraid, then the only thing you have to hold onto is hope. When you lose hope, fear destroys you. People often say something is hopeless, but I don’t think they really believe it. The more hopeless the cause, the more hope grows in a person’s heart. Before I lost my hope, it never mattered how depressed, or angry, or agitated, or even how afraid I became. I fought and struggled to make my life better. 
Because I had hope.
When a person first hears the word, “cancer”, they don’t lose their hope. They don’t give up and die. They accept death only when all hope for recovery is gone. And then their loved one gather around them…no matter how ugly it gets…no matter the pain, the hardship, the burden. 
I fought and battled my disease for decades because my hope battled along with me. A silent, singular warrior lifting me up through the darkest of my nights. The disease I had didn’t allow me to share the burden with loved ones. We had to fight alone, my hope and I.
It was the quiet, day to day kind of hope that isn’t even noticed. It’s such an unassuming emotion that when it left me, I didn’t even realize that it had gone. And I struggled to understand what was happening to me. I didn’t know why I was so afraid. Why the darkness was closing in on me. Why I was lonely even with Anne at my side. Why I was losing the battle.
After I died, I heard someone say, “Why did he kill himself? He had everything, a good job, good car, good woman, he was young and healthy.”
None of them understood how unhealthy I was. That I battled a potentially fatal disease. My illness did not show on the outside of my body like cancer does. It was hidden away inside my brain. And I reached the end stage with my illness, just like that cancer patient. My hope left me. I accepted my death. 
But I know now that there is another kind of hope. 
Life is hope.
~ Dan
Chapter 37
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
~ William Shakespeare
~~~~~
Sean’s heart crashed to the floor where he was fairly certain something was now jumping up and down on it. It was fluttering nervously and he brought his hand up for one quick smack onto his chest. He shook his head and took a deep breath.
“Anyway, I just thought I should tell you what happened today,” Anne said, “and you know…you might want to hide your gun.”
The color drained from Sean’s face. How could I have been so stupid? 
The vision of walking in the door and finding her crumpled, lifeless body in a pool of blood, holding his gun, flashed before his eyes. Spots danced in the vision as more of the blood from his head raced to his tight muscles which were pulling back like springs. 
Anne looked up at him, dark circles under red puffy eyes. Her clothes hung on her and she had to keep pulling her jeans up. “I’m sorry.” 
Sean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying through force of will to relax his muscles. He retrieved the gun and placed it in the large combination safe that was cemented into the floor. When he returned, he sat beside her on the couch and reached out to her, but she recoiled from his touch. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I just thought you needed a hug.” 
“I shouldn’t be here,” she whispered. 
She started to rise, but Sean reached out and caught her forearm. “Hey, wait. Don’t go. There’s no reason you shouldn’t be here.”
Anne relaxed and looked down at her hands. “I’m just being a burden on you.”
Sean wasn’t sure how to proceed. His heart ached for her. “Anne, you aren’t a burden on me. I…” I what? What do I say? Think…say something…
Anne looked up, her watery blue eyes shimmering with tears. She snuffled and dragged the back of her hand across her nose, her voice trembling slightly. “Wha-what?”
Every muscle in his body wanted to take her in his arms and pull her close to him, and protect her from all the agony and suffering in this cruel world. The words came to him now and he wanted to shout them. I love you. And I love Alexandra. And I will never leave you like he did. He looked away from her. “Anne...I...I still love you. I know how much you loved Dan, and I know it’s going to take a long time for you to get over this. But…I can take care of you…until you do.” His face roasted as he fiddled with a loose thread on the hem of his shirt. 
One of those uncomfortable silences, the kind that makes people want to hold their breath and not move their head for fear the creaking of their vertebrae might interrupt something, settled on the air. It was also the kind of silence that invariably makes an itch tingle across a person’s face, or climb up their throat. 
Anne scratched her nose. 
Sean coughed. 
He was fairly certain he had just fucked up big time. 
Anne turned to him, one shining tear rolling down her cheek. She stood up and wiped both hands down across her face. “I don’t belong here. I’m sorry. I have to go.” She grabbed her purse from the table and walked toward the door. 
Sean hung his head low and sighed. “Anne, you don’t have to go. Just forget what I said. I’m sorry. But don’t go. Please.” He walked over to her and put his hand over hers, which was clutching the door knob. 
She whispered so low that he almost couldn’t hear her. “I can’t do this. I’m sorry.”
He shouldn’t have said any of that to her. It was too early. How could he have been so stupid? “You have nothing to be sorry about. Look, I’m not trying to do anything, I promise. I just want to help.”
“It’s all right, Sean. Look, I have to go to work tomorrow anyway. Can I come over on my day off?”
“Sure, sure, of course. You can come over anytime. You’re always welcome, always. I’ll do anything to get you through this, Anne.”
She smiled a little. “You’ll have more of that Ecstasy won’t you?”
Chapter 38
If you’re going through Hell, keep going.
~ Winston Churchill
~~~~~
June slipped into July.
Dan had been dead for over two months. The world kept turning. Birds kept singing. Time kept marching onward. 
For twenty-nine years, Anne had marched onward, head down, shuffled this way and that by the multitudes around her. On the day she saw Dan for the last time, on a cold metal table, she sat down. Sat down in the muck as the throng had continued marching, marching, marching. Forever onward. No one noticed her absence. Heads down, they were shuffled this way and that, sometimes fumbling and falling. But the throng swept up the fallen ones and carried them along. Not with loving arms and gentle hands, but with the sheer weight of their force and the heavy boots of their ever marching feet. 
Anne understood now. 
Dan had fallen, and instead of being swept along, had been crushed by the throng of Life. It would not crush her however, because it had passed her by. She was bruised and battered, but remained. 
In the distance, she saw it, a cloud of dust hovering around where Life trudged and trampled all in its path. Her daughter was somewhere beneath that dust cloud. Anne tried to get up and move forward. A mother should not sit down while her child is carried away from her. But the ground beneath her, trampled with the tears and blood of the fallen, clung to her. She could not pull herself out of the morass of her despair. And what, she asked herself, would she do if she caught hold of her daughter? Sit down with her in the mud? 
Anne wanted the three of them to be together again, like it used to be. And she did not want to abandon her daughter to the cruel march of a heartless world. The logical solution, it seemed, was for her and Alexandra to join Dan on that little sandy bank by the sparkling river. The river that she had seen in her vision. 
No mud. No trampling feet. No pain. 
At first, this logic seemed flawed, and quickly disregarded. Suicide was one thing. Murder, quite another. The grief clouded her mind, she realized. 
All the more reason to get her affairs in order quickly and get her suicide completed. Alexandra deserved to have her own life, and she would forget about her mother and Dan. Pain was a part of life. Everyone suffered, and Alexandra would be no different. She would march along and she would suffer, but she would be alive. She would be much better off without a mother like Anne.
As time went on, however, the logic grew more sound. Wasn’t it a mother’s job to protect her child from pain and suffering? There was no pain or suffering of any kind on that little sandy bank by the sparkling river. 
But how could she do it now, she wondered. She had lost her chance at getting Sean’s gun. The gun would have been the best way. Quick and painless, the homicide detective had told her. 
He had told her other things as well, but Anne no longer thought about those things.
Sitting by the tub, bathing Alexandra, thoughts floated through her foggy mind. How long would it take? Hadn’t she read somewhere that drowning was a peaceful way to die? Would Alexandra fight her? The image of Alexandra’s peaceful, still, one might assume sleeping, body under the water was replaced with a vision of her flailing and screaming and crying. 
Anne blinked. “Stop it!” she yelled.
“What, Mama?” Alexandra’s tiny voice echoed in the confines of the steamy bathroom. 
“Nothing, sweetie. Come on, let’s get you out of that water.”
“No, Mama, I play some more, please?”
“Now, Alexandra!” 
Anne’s voice was too loud, and she whisked the stopper from the drain and threw it across the room. It struck the closed door and bounced on the floor. 
Alexandra sat with her mouth open, as the water swirled around her. “Okay Mama, I get out now.”
In these small moments, Anne was able to deny and swat away the logic that gnawed its way into her consciousness. Little by little, however, it bored and chewed through her defenses. Until finally, the day came when Anne could no longer find any flaw in the logic at all. Why would a mother flee to the golden shores of paradise and leave her child helpless, in the toil and misery of the mortal coil? Only a selfish mother would do that. A good mother protects her child above all else. A good mother never abandons her child. 
Driving down the interstate, approaching the concrete over-pass, Anne wondering briefly if she would have time to reach back and unfasten Alexandra’s car seat belt. Her foot pressed down on the gas pedal. Sixty. Sixty-five. Anne unbuckled her own seat belt. Seventy. Seventy-five. She reached back, fumbling for the release and felt Alexandra’s tiny warm hand upon her own. 
Anne shook her head, as if waking from a nightmare. Her foot eased off the gas pedal. 
A new feeling of urgency began to drive her forward, for she knew that she could not refute the logic much longer. 
She found a handbook to euthanasia for the terminally ill. She smiled at how simple and painless it would be. A few sleeping pills. And a plastic bag. And then eternity. She made a checklist, and started from the top, working her way down. 
She increased the limits on her life insurance policy. She set up a Children’s Trust for Alexandra. She grew more excited as she finished each task on her checklist, and the day grew closer. She found that the closer she got to her suicide, the more relaxed and content she became. Her appetite returned. She smiled more. 
Occasionally, Anne was bothered by troublesome thoughts. 
Committing suicide just like Dan did? Isn’t his suicide what makes him a complete asshole?
Anne quickly dispelled this recurring nuisance, however. “That’s different. Dan had no good reason to kill himself. I do. It’s his fault I’m doing this. Fuck off.” 
You’re going to do to them, what he did to you.
“Do to who? Who gives a shit about me? No one that I can see. My rotting corpse could have laid in this apartment for days and no one would even miss me.”
Sean will miss you.
“He’ll get over it.”
Maybe that’s what Dan thought, too.
“Fuck off.”
Chapter 39
At first, Dan had thought Anne saved when she put the gun down. The climax reached, the princess rescued. After that moment, he had even considered looking for those white shores that Rale had spoken of. 
It didn’t take long, however, before he recognized the new phase she moved into. The quiet contemplation phase. The careful planning phase. This, he realized was even more dangerous than when she had a loaded gun to her head. She was using her logic now, and irrational logic is often impossible to shake. He knew, first hand.
And then Dan began thinking of other things Rale had spoken of. 
Tar. 
And guilt. 
And punishment. 
Rale had said a lot more about Tar than Tar had said about himself. And Dan began to wonder why Tar was really here, in this ‘in between place’. He also tried to remember if Tar had ever actually spoken of being in real Heaven. 
When Dan had asked him about where he went off to, Tar would always say, “in my Heaven.” Dan was no longer sure what that meant. Tar said he had let go of his mortal life long ago. Was there something else he still held onto?
Finally, Dan asked him one day as they watched Anne and Alexandra feed bread to ducks at the little lake beside her apartment building. “Tar, I want to know about when you were alive. And how you died.”
“Why would you want to know that?”
“I’m just curious. You know so much about me, but I know almost nothing about you.”
Tar lay on his back on the ground and looked up at the fluffy white cotton ball clouds which blanketed the sky. He swept his hands back and forth over the thick grass. “None of that matters anymore, Dan. I let go of that li––”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. You let go of that life a long time ago.” Dan sat beside him and picked at the blades of grass. The hot sun warmed his face, and a gentle breeze rustled a wind chime somewhere close by. The sleepy, murmuring tones floated through the air, wrapped around him, and pulled on his eyelids. 
Dan blinked several times and glanced over at Tar who had closed his eyes, a hint of a smile on his face. “Tar, I don’t think I believe you anymore. If it’s true, and you let go of that life, then why aren’t you in real Heaven right now?” Dan motioned toward the area around them, which was crowded with ducks and the occasional goose, all vying for the next ball of soft, mushy manna that would come flying from Alexandra’s hand. “Why do you keep coming here to be with me?” 
Tar frowned and sat up. “I came here because you asked for help. Or have you forgotten that day not so long ago when you were down on your knees groveling before your own bloody corpse?”
“Oh yes, I remember that day. And I remember thinking you were God. Or maybe an angel sent to help me. You were snide then too. And you know what? I’m beginning to think you’re full of shit. I think maybe you’re just a man who’s stuck here, the same as me.”
Tar stood, a full blown scowl now on his face as he looked down at Dan. “I never claimed to be anything other than a man. I always told you I was a spirit just like you. And maybe if you would for once think about someone other than yourself, you would––”
“How did you die, Tar?”
“That’s none of your damn business.” Tar turned away, and made a move as if to leave.  
Dan hopped up, and the volume of his voice rose significantly. “Did Rale kill you?”
Tar froze. 
Dan remained silent and did not dare move a muscle. 
Tar did not turn around, but hung his head and sighed. “He told you that, eh?” 
“Well…sort of. He said it wasn’t his fault. What happened? Was it an accident?”
At this, Tar turned sharply, his eyes a sea of flame. “It was no accident. Of that you can be assured.” Perhaps realizing he had said more than he intended, he shook his head and glared at Dan before disappearing with a flash of red, electric fire. 
Chapter 40
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: “What! You too? I thought I was the only one.
~ C.S. Lewis
~~~~~
As Anne surfed the web, the abundance of ‘After Death Communication’ and ‘Near Death Experience’ sites assured her she wasn’t the only one searching for answers, or possibly a shoulder to cry on. She no longer sought out support from her family or friends. Sean supported her in the only way she would allow - with drugs and a safe place to use them. After his confession, she had to be careful around him for both of their sakes. His feelings for her could not be allowed to run deeper. All the harder it would be on him when she died. 
Anne did not want to get over Dan. She did not want to move on or love another man. Sean would be kept safely at a distance.
Alone in her apartment, when Alexandra was either asleep or with her father, Anne sought comfort from the sea of faceless strangers waiting inside her computer. Scrolling through message boards, most comments read of losing parents, or children, or spouses. 
Widows. 
They were the ones given all the comfort that she was denied. Badges of honor and of suffering were lauded upon them by a compassionate world which turned its back on her. 
It’s not like you were married to the man.
She had never posted anything. It was too much trouble. But an urge came upon her, and she quite unexpectedly found herself typing away furiously on her keyboard. Safe from pain in her anger, a cathartic release of energy flowing out through her fingertips. click-click-click-click. The staccato cadence tapped on her spirit, hammering out her fury one releasing click at a time: 

This after death communication trip is all bullshit. I’ve stared into mirrors until I’m hypnotized, and still see nothing but a memory of him. And my memory is fading. I’ve listened to recorded white noise until my ears ring and I start making shit up, pretending I’m hearing his voice in the garbled static that spews out. I’ve scribbled useless crap across dozens of pieces of paper that all end up in the garbage can. If I ever see him again, it will be from my own God damned grave.

There was a response to her post the next day. 

Hi Anne,
I am replying to your comment on the After Death Communication web site. I know something of what you’re going through. My fiancée, Kim, died a month and a half ago from liver damage due to drinking. I’ve found some peace and I’d like to share that with you, if you like. If not, tell me to get lost and I’ll respect that. 
~ Chris

Anne read the message several times. A fiancée. Dead just a few weeks. What the hell?.

Dear Chris,
Hi, thanks for writing to me. It has been 8 weeks since Dan died. Mostly what I am fighting now is the strong desire to follow him. Do you feel suicidal?
~ Anne 

Hi Anne,
I pray to God to take me. I don’t care if I get hit by a bus or murdered. But suicide? I can’t do it myself. I have to wait for God to take me. Then I’ll get everything I’ve been denied here. 
~ Chris 

Dear Chris,
Yes, my first choice would be to die naturally. I leave my doors unlocked and I don’t wear my seatbelt and when I clean the kitchen, I don’t dry my hands when I plug the coffee maker in and out.
There’s no one here I can talk to. A lot of people just want to hear the gory details. They want to know if he blew his brains out, and all that. But the truth is most people don’t say anything. I don’t know if it’s because he was “just my boyfriend” or because it was a suicide. I guess maybe if he had been killed by a drunk driver, or died of cancer, people might be more compassionate. Who knows...I don’t really care anyway.
It seems weird, but I actually keep thinking about shooting myself in the head. I feel like I want to die the same way he did, and experience the same thing. Crazy, huh?
~ Anne

Dear Anne,
I think about dying all the time. Kim didn’t commit suicide, but since she drank herself to death, in a way she did kill herself. I didn’t realize she had a drinking problem, but no one believes me. 
I found out after she died that she was a “functional alcoholic”, which means she acted normal when she was drunk. Her brother told me that, before I met her, she almost died from liver damage and the doctors told her she could never drink again. Unfortunately, no one told me about this until it was too late. 
After she died, I searched the house, and found bottles of rum hidden all over. Apparently, she drank all day while I was at work and I never knew. I only drink beer myself. But, like you, I have developed an obsession with how Kim died. 
I would never tell anyone else this, but I started drinking her rum. After I finished off her bottles, I bought more. It tastes like crap, but I keep drinking it anyway. And I wonder how long it will take to die. 
~ Chris
Chapter 41
Since Dan’s confrontation with Tar, they had maintained a quiet distance from each other. More often alone now, Dan searched for a way to talk to Anne. As she searched her mirror for images of him, he ran his hand over the smooth glass, trying to find a way inside. Once, Rale had taken Dan’s hand and brushed his fingertips lightly across the surface of the mirror. An icy coldness jetted up his arm and he instinctively pulled away from Rale’s grasp, just as he saw a flash of recognition sweep across Anne’s face. 
She sat up straighter, blinking, and looked deeper in the mirror. “Dan?”
Dan turned to Rale and stretched his hand toward him. But Rale only smiled and faded away. 
At first, Dan thought his voice had captured on the tape recorder she used to record white noise in the apartment. She would hold it up and ask a question to the empty air. Dan would stand close to the microphone and answer. He strained his ears along with Anne as they listened together to the play back. Strange voices and muffled words whispered in the static. 
Or did they? 
The first time he put his hand over hers as she held a pencil over paper, he easily wrote out the words ‘I love you. I’m sorry’. Until he looked down at the paper again and saw only a scrawling line of gibberish. 
Dan vowed to keep trying. If Rale had made her see him in the mirror, if only for a moment, then it must be possible. But this night, she did not light any candles, or pull out her tape recorder. Instead she sat in front of her computer sending messages back and forth to a man named Chris. As Dan watched her, an uncomfortable feeling crept through him. She smiled as she read the messages from Chris, something Dan had not seen in many days. He leaned over her shoulder, scrutinizing the newest message. 

Her pack of cigarettes is still sitting on the table. Her antacid, and brush, and face cream. I don’t want to get rid of any of it. Her brush still has her hair in it. I know it would creep people out if I told them that. I flipped when someone threw away the diet coke can she was drinking from right before I took her to the hospital. I had to dig it out of the trash can. 

Anne giggled. 
Dan looked at her with irritation, wondering what was so funny. 

Chris, I know exactly what you mean! I still have a box of ice cream in the freezer that’s three months old. I can’t throw it away because me and Dan ate it together. I cried when I threw away the empty bottle of shampoo that he bought. And then I went and dug it out of the trash. Part of me wants to wear his shirts because they smell like him, but the other part of me is afraid they will stop smelling like him if I do. I never thought anything could make me feel better. Please keep writing to me, as your words are pure comfort. 

Dan should feel grateful that Anne had found some comfort, and he tried very hard to convince himself of this. 
The air on the other side of Anne shimmered and flickered with static sparks. And then Tar appeared. “You’re scowling,” he said. “Any particular reason why?”
“Why are you always sneaking around like that?” Dan replied testily. “Ever heard of privacy? Can’t you like…knock…or something?”
Tar raised his eyebrows and made a grumbling sound. He looked at Anne and then, leaning over her, at the computer screen. When he looked back up at Dan he smiled one of those condescending smiles that makes the blood boil of the person at whom the smile is directed. “Jealous, are we?”
Dan’s face turned red. “Shut up, Tar. That’s ridiculous.”
“Oh, I know it’s ridiculous.”
“I’m not jealous! What do you want? And you can wipe that smirk off your face!”
The smirk deepened and Tar chuckled. “I came here to show you something. Come over here.” He walked toward the middle of the room and held his arms out toward Dan. 
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Dan said.
“Oh, stop being an infant and come here.” 
Dan walked over to him, but did not take his hands. “What?”
“I’m going to take you some place. Since you’ve never been there before, I need you to focus on me, and then we’ll go together.”
Dan took a step back. “Where?”
“Don’t worry, it’s right here, on this God forsak––…It’s right here on Earth.” 
When Dan made no move, Tar dropped his hands and sighed. “You can come right back here, I promise. It won’t take long. Trust me.”
Dan hesitated, but he shrugged and held out his hands. “What the hell.”
Tar took Dan’s hands and closed his eyes. Dan closed his as well, and a warm tingle just started to creep up his fingers and into his wrists when Tar said, “We’re here.”
Dan stood in a small-ish room which appeared to be a living room. He instantly felt anxious as he looked around at all the stuff in this particular room. Some might call it Cozy, others would call it Cluttered. Dan would call it Full of Useless Crap. There were bookshelves full of brick-a-brack, papers piled on tables, throw rugs on top of carpeting, a crowded mantle over the fireplace, vases full of dried flowers, folk-sy, country art on the walls, and seemingly endless frilly pillows on the over-stuffed, flower print sofa. 
Dan shook his head as he maneuvered around the furniture toward the mantle, in front of which, Tar stood. “What the heck did you bring me here for?”
Tar pointed to a picture on the mantle. A woman lounged comfortably in the arms of a man. “I wanted to show you this picture.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m going to introduce you to the woman in a minute, and I wanted you to know what she looks like.” 
Dan looked around. “What? She can see us? Like Alexandra? Is she like, a medium or something?”
“No. She’s dead.”
“Wha–– she’s what…? Dead?”
“You catch on quick. Yes, she’s dead. A spirit, like you and me. I wanted you to know what she really looks like. I don’t want you imagining her as some movie star you had a crush on. That could be very distracting.” 
Dan looked more closely at the picture. The woman appeared in her mid-thirties, petite and darkly tanned, with a brilliant white-toothed smile. The man who had his arms wrapped around her appeared a bit older, with long dark blonde hair under a baseball cap which was turned backward. “Who are they?”
Tar pointed to the man. “That’s your buddy who’s sending Anne messages, Chris. And that,” he said pointing to the woman, “is his dead fiancée, Kim.”
“No shit? And I’m going to meet her? The drunk?”
“I’m not a drunk, asshole,” a feminine voice replied.
Dan spun around and saw the woman standing just behind him, a look of profound irritation on her face.
Tar chuckled. “So much for my careful introduction.”
Chapter 42
Dan looked at Kim sheepishly. “Uhh…I’m sorry. I-I- just thought––”
“Save it,” Kim interrupted. “I know what you thought.” She whipped around and looked back at Tar. “Look, I wasn’t an alcoholic, okay? Maybe I used to be, but that was a long time ago. I didn’t drink that much. Really.” 
Tar held his hands up in surrender. “Hey look, I told you already, I’m not God. You don’t have to convince me of anything. I’m just a spirit like you.”
The corners of her mouth drew down in a pouty little expression which reminded Dan of Anne. He smiled. “I’m Dan. And I’m really sorry about what I said. It doesn’t matter how we died.” He gave Tar a pointed look. “What do you want, Tar? Why did you bring me here?”
“I just thought you could use some company. And also, Kim here, can talk to Chris.” He gave Dan a wink. 
Dan turned to Kim. “No shit, really?”
Kim walked over to the couch and stood looking down at it for a moment. “Why the hell did I want all these damn pillows? There’s nowhere to freaking sit.” She sighed and sat down in the recliner instead. “Well, I can’t exactly talk to him. He hears what I say sometimes...sort of.”
At that moment, the front door opened. Chris flicked a cigarette butt into the bushes outside before coming in. This was not the smiling man from the picture on the mantel. He resembled Anne in his haggard, tired facial expression and red, puffy eyes. His eyes flicked briefly to where Kim sat and lingered there for more than a moment. 
Reaching down, he grabbed a half empty bottle of rum from the coffee table and went to the computer desk in the far corner. He took such a long swig from the bottle that Dan gave a low whistle. “Man, that dude’s going kill himself drinking like that.” A tiny whimper came from the direction of the recliner and Dan winced. “Um...sorry.”
“No, it’s all right,” Kim said. “You’re right. He’s been drinking like that since I died. He had a gun, and I think he might have used it, but his mom took it away from him. Now all he does is drink that damn rum. But, he’s had some comfort from talking to your girlfriend.”
“She’s my fiancée,” Dan corrected. “Well…I mean...she was. Whatever. Yeah, I know. They are chatting quite a bit, huh?”
Tar moved over to the couch and sat down right in the middle of all the pillows. “Dan’s jealous,” he said with a smirk.
“Damn it, Tar, I’m not jealous. Why do you have to be such an ass?”
“Hey, Dan,” Kim said. “Don’t worry about it, I know how you feel. It’s not jealousy, exactly. I just wish I could be there to comfort him instead of her. I wish I wasn’t dead.”
“Yes,” Dan said, looking at Kim with a new level of respect. “That’s exactly how I feel too.” He walked over to Chris and looked over his shoulder as he typed a message to Anne. 

Sometimes, I think I see her out of the corner of my eye. When I walked in my front door just now, I swear I saw her sitting in the recliner for a second. Sometimes I hear her voice in my head. Maybe it’s just my imagination.

Dan looked back at Kim. “He saw you sitting in that chair when he came in.”
“Yeah,” Kim answered. “He sees me and hears me sometimes. But usually he doesn’t believe it. He thinks it’s just his imagination.”
Dan looked over at Tar. “How come he can see her?”
Tar got up and walked over to Dan. Beside Chris’s desk stood a stack of three keyboards which were plugged into a mixer which in turn plugged into a pair of speakers. Beside the mixer, there was a fourth keyboard and an acoustic guitar. He began playing the middle keyboard and an enchanted melody filled the quiet room. “It’s because he’s a Creative,” Tar said. “Creatives are more connected to our world. It’s where they derive much of their inspiration from.” As Tar reached the crescendo of the piece he played, Chris stopped typing and turned toward the keyboards, a puzzled look on his face. 
“Can he hear that?” Dan asked.
“Um hmm,” Tar replied, nodding. A faint whisper of it, anyway.”
“And he can hear Kim when she talks to him?”
“Sometimes.”
Dan turned eagerly to Kim. “Hey, can you give him a message from me? A message for Anne?”
Kim shrugged. “Well, like I said, it’s not that simple. He just picks up little bits and pieces of what I say. More like, the general idea of the words. I can’t, like, just have a conversation with him.”
“Okay, well, can you try? Just try to make him understand that it’s me?”
Kim thought for a moment. “It would have to be something only you and Anne would know. Something simple…easy for him to grasp…but meaningful to both of you.”
“I know something,” Dan said. “At the art museum in Indianapolis there’s a bridge that crosses a little creek. We always kissed every time we stood on that bridge. She called it the kissing bridge. I told her that when I asked––” He had to pause because something suddenly grabbed his throat and squeezed. Tears stung his eyes and threatened to spill over. “I told her that when I had a ring for her I was going to get down on one knee and propose to her on that bridge.”
Dan held his eyes open a little wider, trying to prevent the tears from falling. He felt like a bug under a microscope as Kim looked at him curiously. He could tell she wanted to ask him something, but she had the good grace to refrain. Perhaps she understood about uncomfortable questions. 
“Okay, Dan. I think that will work. Let me give it a try.” She walked over and kneeled beside Chris. “Chris, can you hear me? It’s Kim. I want to tell you something about Anne and Dan.” 
Chris kept clicking away on the keyboard. 
“There’s a bridge,” she whispered close to his ear. “Tell Anne about the bridge. Come on, Chris, this is important. You need to tell Anne about the bridge.” 
Chris stopped typing and stared at the screen. 
Kim nodded. “There’s a bridge, Chris. A bridge. The bridge is important to Anne. Tell Anne about the bridge.” 
Sighing, and then yawning, Chris put his head in his hands. 
Dan rolled his eyes. It would have been funny if the situation weren’t so dire. This has success written all over it, he thought, unable to hold back a bitter-tasting snort. 
Kim gave Dan a sidelong glance and narrowed her eyes at him. Turning back to Chris, she rested one hand over his, and leaned in even closer, brushing her lips on his ear. “A bridge,” she whispered softly. “Tell Anne about the bridge. Dan says to tell Anne about the bridge.”
Chris shook his head, and looked around the room. “A road?” 
Kim wrapped her arms around him and leaned her head on his shoulder. “A bridge. It’s a bridge. The bridge is important to Anne and Dan. Tell her, Chris. Tell Anne about the bridge.”
Closing his eyes and leaning back in his chair, Chris whispered, “What are you trying to tell me? Show me the road. What do you mean?”
Kim pressed her cheek against his and gently repeated the word. “A bridge…a bridge…a bridge.”
Chris opened his eyes and sat forward. “A bridge?”
A triumphant smile lit up Kim’s face and she kissed his cheek. “Yes. A bridge. Tell Anne about the bridge.”
The bottle rose to Chris’s lips once more. Then he set it down and rubbed his face. “A bridge, eh? All right, what the hell.” He took another swig from the bottle of rum and started typing. 

Kim says there’s something about a bridge. Something about Dan and a bridge. Does that mean anything to you?
 
Chapter 43
Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
~ Jesus Christ, Matthew 5:4
~~~~~
Anne tore her eyes away from the computer screen and rubbed her face. A bridge? Is he talking about the kissing bridge? She shook her head. No, that’s impossible. It’s just a coincidence. Still…that’s pretty weird.
Alexandra fussed in the bedroom, so Anne went in to check on her. “Hey, baby, you okay?”
Alexandra stretched and yawned and sat up in the bed, rubbing her sleepy eyes. “Mama, why you got them trash bags on’a win’ows? It so dark in here.”
Anne smiled and sat on the bed next to her. “Sorry, babe. You want me to turn the light on?”
“No, Mama. No light.” Alexandra paused as if deep in thought. “Mama, I sorry that I died.”
“What are you talking about, baby?”
“I died, Mama. I sorry. I had that baby right in there,” she said, pointing to her stomach. “And then, I went like this.” She balled up her fists, scrunched up her face, and made a loud, low, grunting noise. “And then, that baby, it came outta there.” She looked down and pointed between her legs with a puzzled expression on her face. Then she looked back at her mother and made a cradling gesture with her arms. “I held that baby like this…And then I died…I sorry, Mama, but that little baby, she died too.” 
Anne sat back and thought for a moment, not sure how to react. “When did all this happen, Alexandra?”
“Well, you know…before here. I forgotted all about it. But then I jus’ had this dream, an’ I was right back there wif my udder babies. Then I ‘membered about dyin’ and oh, that poor, poor little baby dyin’ too.”
Anne stroked her daughter’s hair and smiled. She had such a vivid imagination. “You had other babies in your dream?”
Alexandra raised one eyebrow, the way only she could. “It wasn’t no dream, Mama. It was real. But I dreamed about it jus’ now, that’s all. I had two udder babies before that one, but they lived. They was big when I died.”
“Oh, well, that’s good. Were they boys or girls?”
“They was boys. One was good, and the udder was bad.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Alexandra gave her a very serious look. “One was a good boy, but the udder one - he was bery, bery bad.”
Chapter 44
Dear Dan,
I want to tell you all the things I wish I had told you when you were alive, so here goes. 
I admired and respected you more than any other person I have ever known. I wanted to be like you. You were always so strong and clear in your convictions. I never saw fear, hesitation, or doubt. Your mind was constantly on the go. You were always thinking and planning, and you were always talking. 
You were so sure I must be upset about something when I was quiet. But my mind was just quieter than yours. Sometimes, I wanted to quiet your mind for you, so you could have peace. I thought it was because you were this responsible, intelligent man. I thought that was what made great men great.
I had simple thoughts and ideas, but you had big thoughts and grand ideas. You had philosophies. And when you talked, I just got lost in your voice. I could listen to you talk forever...God, I miss you...
How many times did I say to you “Where did you come from?” And you always laughed. You told me there were lots of men like you out there, and I said, “I’ve never met anyone like you.” You told me it’s because you were the guy who was always sitting in the corner drinking a glass of wine and reading a newspaper. You said no one ever paid attention to that guy, or noticed that he was even there. Were you trying to tell me something, even then? Something that I didn’t hear?
I was such a mess when I met you, do you remember? You found me shivering on your doorstep that night. You literally picked me up and carried me into your apartment and your life. I couldn’t stop shaking, but you started talking to me with that...God, that voice of yours. It just melted the shock away. When you looked at me, I could barely look back because there was so much power and compassion in your eyes. 
And you kept pestering me about that glass of wine. It warmed me up, and I felt safe that night. Why can’t I have that night back again? Why did you leave me? 
Everything happened so fast. I looked up from my despair and there you were. My savior. And now, just as suddenly, you are gone. Do you miss me? Do you wish you could come back to me? Are you trying to come back to me?
In your moment of despair, I was not your savior. I wish I could have done for you what you did for me. I was too stupid...too blind...too...what...? 
What did I miss, Dan? 
Why couldn’t I save you?
~ Anne 
Chapter 45
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
I love thee to the depth and breadth and height
My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight
For the ends of Being and ideal Grace.
I love thee to the level of every day’s
Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light.
I love thee freely, as men strive for Right;
I love thee purely, as they turn from Praise.
I love thee with a passion put to use
In my old griefs, and with my childhood’s faith.
I love thee with a love I seemed to lose
With my lost saints, – I love thee with the breath,
Smiles, tears, of all my life! – and, if God choose,
I shall but love thee better after death.
~ Elizabeth Barrett Browning
~~~~~
The heat of July was replaced by the blast furnace of August. On August second, what would have been Dan’s thirtieth birthday, Anne drove to the cemetery in Nashville. 
On Anne’s twenty-ninth birthday, Dan had dragged his hands across his face and groaned. “I can’t believe I’m going be thirty this summer…”
Anne had playfully tousled his hair and said, “Hey, it beats the alternative.”
“What alternative?”
“Well, you know,” she said with a smirk, “not turning thirty.”
He had paused for a moment and then grimaced. “I’m not so sure about that.”
During the past two months, Anne had visited the cemetery several times. When she needed to be closer to him. Now, on his birthday, a bouquet of plastic flowers gripped tightly in her hand, she stood over his grave and stared down at the earth which had settled around it. The earth had settled so much that a hole had appeared just below the flat bronze grave stone. 
Looking at the blackness of the hole, Anne imagined it stretching away into a vast, yawning chasm at the bottom of which, lay Dan. If she stuck her hand in there, he would reach up and grab it with his own skeletal claw. 
Could she fall into that blackness? 
Like Alice down the rabbit hole? 
She had purchased the headstone and had inscribed upon it the last line of an Elizabeth Barrett Browning poem that Dan had sent her. They had exchanged love poems and quotes almost daily by email. Had he ever truly loved her? Had it all been a lie?
Staring down at the hole, she leaned slightly toward it. “Happy birthday, mother fucker.” And she threw the flowers down at the grave stone and stomped them with her feet into the earth above his rotting corpse. Apparently, she was in an angry phase of her grieving. Her anger flared up, unbidden sometimes, but was always quickly replaced by guilt. 
Her hands flew up to cover her mouth and her face closed up as if she were in pain. “I’m sorry,” she whispered to the ground. And she lay down on the trampled earth and let the scorching Tennessee sun burn down on her until her pale face turned red. 
Her checklist was almost complete, the time for her suicide was close at hand. 
Life insurance – check. 
Will – check. 
Children’s Trust – check. 
Suicide plan – check. 
The only thing left was to finish writing her letters. She liked to think of them as not ‘suicide letters’, but ‘goodbye letters’. She would make them all understand. Her death would be so much different than Dan’s. 
She had been corresponding with her new friend, Chris for over three weeks now and he had made an intriguing proposition. He lived in Seattle, and wanted to fly to Indianapolis and meet her in person. He insisted that Dan and Kim were together in Heaven, and had conspired to bring the two of them together as well. 
Anne wasn’t sure if she believed this, but she wanted to. Chris had said some interesting things to her. He told her about the bridge. And he said Dan told her to take care of ‘A’. How could Chris have known these things? She hadn’t told him anything about Alexandra, on the off chance he was the kind of man that a woman doesn’t want knowing she has children. Had it just been coincidence? 
When Anne asked Rale if Kim was with Dan, he said they were. “But that doesn’t mean they brought you two together,” he replied cryptically.
“Chris understands me, Rale. Like you do. Maybe he can help me talk to Dan.”
Rale had caressed her face and whispered softly, “Be careful what you wish for.” 
Anne had agreed that Chris should come visit. He would arrive tomorrow night, and Anne arranged for Alexandra’s father to take her for the week that he would be here. Part of her hoped everything Chris said was true, and that they would spend the whole time talking to Dan and Kim, finding meaning and healing and forgiveness. 
Most of her hoped that Chris was a psychopath who would murder her without causing her too much pain first.
Rolling over onto her stomach, she stared at the hole. Wriggling forward, she tried to look down into it, to see where it ended. Her face inches above it, the dusky scent of damp earth hung in the air bringing to mind images of worms and bones. 
She closed her eyes and reached into the rabbit hole. Dan was down there, waiting for her. She just had to grab him. Dirt brushed the sides of her balled up fist, cool and moist. Down her hand went, deeper and deeper until her wrist scraped the outer edges of the hole. 
The bony hand rose up, bits of flesh falling away­­­­­­­-- 
Just as her hand was stopped by a barrier of cold earth and could be pushed in no further. 
Chapter 46
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. 
~ William Shakespeare, The Tempest
~~~~~
By first, outward appearances, Chris did not seem like a psychopath. The first thing he wanted to do upon arriving in Indianapolis was stop by a liquor store. It was clear to Anne that Chris meant it when he said he intended to drink himself to death. 
He appeared to be well on his way. 
Anne was stocked with ecstasy, GHB, and a hallucinogen that Sean called ‘Melt’. After the trip to the liquor store, she was also stocked with booze. 
The week was already turning out to be a success in her mind. 
As Anne put the key into the lock of her front door, Chris reached out and put his hand over hers. She looked up at him, and saw all the pain she had been harboring the past months reflected in his eyes. 
His voice cracked slightly. “You do know I didn’t come out here to get laid, right? I came out here to find Dan and Kim with you. Or maybe I came out here to die with you.” 
As Anne nodded her head, a weight shifted and she felt lighter. Walking into her apartment, the light around her seemed brighter and her vision was no longer fuzzy, but sharply focused. 
Together with this man, she would find the end. 
Chapter 47
Dan turned to Kim with irritation. “You know, if your boyfriend wasn’t such a damn alcoholic, we might be able to accomplish something here.”
Kim had been kneeling beside Chris, who now lay passed out on the bedroom floor. She jumped up and threw her arms out toward Anne, who was lying on the other side of Chris, staring at the carpeting. “I was getting through to him just fine, until your druggie girlfriend got her hands on him.”
Anne was on her stomach, running her hand over the carpet, jerking it back suddenly every once in a while. “Whoa…I never realized this is what the carpet actually looked like. How the hell do we keep our balance on this stuff? Chris?” She looked over at Chris when he didn’t answer, and then leaned closer to his face and poked his cheek. “Holy shit…”
Dan gave a low moan. “Uugghh…we’re never going to get through to them like this.”
Anne and Chris had spent the last four days locked away in Anne’s apartment drinking, and tripping, and rolling on ecstasy, usually all at the same time. They had tried mirror gazing, automatic handwriting, tape recording, channeling, and even the Ouija board that Chris had brought with him. Several times they had been convinced that they were in touch with Dan or Kim, but they were actually just hallucinating. 
At first, Dan thought the drugs might free their spirits enough to make it easier for them to make contact. But in truth, the drugs had set their brains into such an altered state of reality that their spirits were distracted and had turned inward. 
Dan stomped over to the kitchen and banged his fists loudly on the table. “This is a disaster! Why won’t they stop taking all that shit?” 
Rale sat on the couch, smirking. Dan turned to him with venom in his eyes. “You think this is funny?”
Rale’s face became serious. “No, actually, I don’t think it’s funny at all.” 
“Show me how to talk to her like you do. If you have one shred of compassion in you, then help me…please.”
Rale looked at Anne and shrugged. “I can talk to her because our spirits are alike. You think you know despair, but you don’t. If you knew true suffering, if you felt true despair like she does, then her spirit would recognize yours.”
Kim walked over to Rale and pointed an accusing finger at him. “Cut the ‘poor me’ bullshit, Rale, and just help us for Christ’s sake. You can tell her the things me and Dan want to say, and we all know it!”
Rale inclined his head toward Kim. “Perhaps. But to what end?”
Kim dropped her hand. “What?”
Rale stood up and maneuvered around the coffee table to stand before Kim. “If I told her everything you wanted to say. What would that accomplish?”
Kim turned to Dan with a puzzled look on her face. 
Dan rolled his eyes and sighed. “Make your point, Rale.” 
“All right, I will.” The shadows swirled around him as he walked over to Dan, looking at him for a moment with eyes aflame. “All you ever think about is yourself.” He whipped around and looked at Kim. “You want to talk about someone’s ‘poor me’ bullshit? Fine. Let’s talk about yours. You want to tell them you love them, tell them you’re sorry, that you’re still with them, waiting for them, protecting them.” Turning back to Dan, he leaned in close, letting his voice drop to almost a whisper. “You want forgiveness.” 
He backed away, looking at them both, raising his voice slightly, which took on a matter of fact tone. “But mostly, you just want them back. You both want a do-over. But there are no do-overs in this game. Your turn is over, but they’re still playing, and to them, it’s not a game.”
Dan and Kim silently watched the two of them on the floor. Chris snored loudly and Anne was lying on her back moving her hands in front of her face, giggling. 
Kim turned back to Rale. “All right, Rale, you made your point. We’re selfish bastards. But that doesn’t mean we don’t love them. I want to help Chris. He’s going to die if I don’t do something.” 
Rale looked up toward the ceiling. “Tar. I know you’re there. I know you’re listening. Why don’t you tell them?”
Silence. 
Then a soft knocking on the front door.
Dan shook his head and chuckled. “Tar?”
The front door opened, and Tar walked in, looking at Rale with obvious contempt. 
Rale gave Tar a half-hearted bow and went back to sit on the couch. 
Tar turned to Dan and sighed. He held his arms out, one to Dan and one to Kim and ushered them over to stand close to Anne and Chris. “It’s just not as simple as you both think.” He motioned toward the two on the floor with a nod of his head. “Right now, they’re willing to give up their lives based on the merest glimmer of hope that they’ll be reunited with you.” Tar looked over Dan’s shoulder at Rale, who was fading into a misty shroud of darkness. He turned back to the two on the floor. Anne had laid her head in the crook of Chris’s shoulder, and they both slept. “What do you think they would do if they saw you, talked to you, if all their hopes were confirmed?”
Dan broke away from Tar and took a step back. “What are you saying?”
Tar took his arm off Kim and turned to Dan. “Did you ever consider that maybe we don’t know about Heaven when we’re alive on Earth because if we did, none of us would want to stay there?”
Dan sneered. “If I had known Heaven was like this, I never would have killed myself.”
“We’re not talking about you right now, Dan. We’re talking about Anne. If she knew you were right here, right now, she would kill herself to be with you. And she just might bring Alexandra with her. Is that what you want for her?”
Dan wilted. 
Kim turned away from them, and knelt beside Chris on the floor. 
Tar motioned to the apartment. “Besides, this isn’t real Heaven, and you know it. This is still Earth and life. If you had seen real Heaven, you wouldn’t stay here. You would let go of all this.”
A helpless, impotent rage bubbled up within Dan’s spirit and he shouted at Tar. “Then why haven’t you let go of it, Tar? Why are you still here? Have you actually been to real Heaven, or not?”
At this, Rale came sharply back into focus, and stood up, an expectant look on his face as he watched Tar. 
Tar huffed, and looked angrily from Dan to Rale. “You can keep trying to make this about me if you want, Dan,” he said in a low whisper. “Maybe you should try making it about her for once.” 
And with that, he disappeared with a red flash and a puff of black, acrid smoke. 
Chapter 48
He was my North, my South, my East and West,
My working week and my Sunday rest,
My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song;
I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong.
~ W.H. Auden
~~~~~
On day five of Chris’s six day visit, he and Anne attempted to sober up. They were both feeling sick and tired and disappointed. Anne seemed especially despondent. “If Dan is there, then he knows I want to kill myself. Wouldn’t he try to stop me?”
Chris did not have an answer for her. “Maybe he’s tried, but can’t get through to you. Maybe the drugs numbed our spirits too much. Usually I hear Kim, but this week she’s been so quiet.”
Anne gave Chris a look of reproach. “Or maybe it’s all just bullshit.” 
Chris reached for the bottle of rum on the coffee table. “Yeah…could be that too.”
Anne moved to intercept the bottle mid-air. “Hey, you said we need to get straight. You have to get on a plane tomorrow, remember? And I have to go back to work.” She sat down beside Chris and swallowed a handful of aspirin with a rather long swig from the bottle of rum. 
Chris reached up, took the bottle back from her, and emptied it in three long gulps. He turned to Anne with watery eyes. “No one understands but you. My buddy back home thinks I came out here to get laid. No matter how many different ways I tried to tell him it wasn’t true, I know he didn’t believe me. I don’t want to get laid. I don’t want to move on. I don’t want to ever love another woman again. I want to die. And I don’t even care anymore if Kim’s there or not. I just want this over.”
Anne took the bottle and turned it up to her mouth, realized it was empty and reached for the pitcher of GHB laced Kool-Aid. She took a gulp straight from the pitcher and turned to Chris. 
He smiled and wiped the red Kool-Aid mustache from her upper lip with his thumb. “You are cute, though.” He got a far-away look in his eyes and blinked slowly. “In another time…in another place…” His eyes closed and he leaned back on the sofa, his head gently bobbing up and down. 
Anne took another gulp from the pitcher, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and shook Chris hard. “Hey! Chris, wake up!”
His eyes shot open and he sat up. “Jesus fucking Christ, I’m awake! What?”
“Have you ever thought about…you know…murdering someone?”
“What the hell are you talking about now?”
“You know, murder. Have you ever wanted to do it. To see what it’s like?”
Chris rubbed his face and stretched his eyes wide open and closed a few times. “Well, I guess so, but of course––” He turned to Anne. “Why are you asking?”
“Well, you know…you could kill me…if you wanted.”
Chris blinked at her several times, closed his mouth, and smiled. “You know, the sad part is, that I know you mean it.”
“Well, will you do it, or not?”
He got up and picked up a bottle of rum from the kitchen table. It was empty, so he pulled a new one out of the brown paper bag and cracked the top open. “Of course not, don’t be crazy. I couldn’t kill you.”
“Why not? You could kill me, and then kill yourself. Murder/suicide. Happens all the time.”
“I may be a worthless son of a bitch…” he said as he lit a cigarette. He took a long drag, exhaled the smoke through his nose, and looked at her through narrowed eyes. “…but I’m not a murderer.”
“Well…I could write a note. Tell them it was my idea. Then it wouldn’t really be mur–– “
“Fuck it, Anne.” Chris took a long swig from the bottle and sat back down beside her. “If you really want to die, then let’s just off ourselves together. I’m game. I’m not going to kill you, but I’ll kill myself with you.” 
Chris held the bottle out, and Anne took it. “Fuck it,” she said, raising the bottle toward him in a toast, “together, then.” 
And she drank until her throat caught fire. 
~~~~~
At first, Chris and Anne disagreed on how they would kill themselves. Anne thought they should shoot themselves in the head. But Chris knew a man who had done that and lived. He was left disfigured and brain damaged. Chris had written a song about it called ‘Peace Doesn’t Come that Easily’. He was not willing to take the chance.
Chris thought they should hang themselves. But Anne doubted that they could pull it off so their necks would break, and she had always had a fear of suffocation. 
In the end they agreed to use the method from the euthanasia manual, although Chris did not like the idea of being found with a bag over his head. True, in the end, they would suffocate, after all. But by the time that happened, they would be fast asleep and not feel a thing. 
What could be more beautiful?
They agreed to die in Indianapolis. “I plan to be cremated anyway,” Chris said. “So, they can mail me to Seattle, if my parents want me. If not, they can stick me in your coffin.” 
Anne amended her Will to state that if nobody wanted Chris’s ashes, he was to be buried with her. 
“Do you really think your parents would bury me with you?” he asked. 
Anne shrugged. “Do you really think your parents would let them?”
In four weeks, they would be dead. 
They both smiled a lot more after that. 
Chapter 49
Sean looked at Anne with his mouth open. “You’re doing what?” 
“I’m going to Seattle for a few days. Chris’s going to take me to Mount Saint Helens and the Pacific Ocean.” 
Sean shook his head as his mouth opened and closed a few more times. “See-attle? What the hell are you talking about? Have you lost your mind?”
Anne rolled her eyes and groaned. “It’s just for a few days. I need to get away and have some fun. It’s no big deal.” 
His frozen brain finally clicked and the gears started moving again. “Anne.” Walking over to her, he took her hands. “I agree that you need to have some fun. But traipsing off thousands of miles away to meet some stranger you met on the internet is not what you need.”
“He’s not a stranger.” Anne flung Sean’s hands away and took a few steps back. She scowled, but lowered her voice. “Chris’s the only person who understands, because he’s going through the same thing I am. Dan and Kim brought us together for a reason.”
Thoughts zipped through Sean’s head. A reason? Oh my God, has she lost it? She wasn’t standing on the ledge of a twenty story building, but that’s how it usually felt with her. Always afraid that at any moment she would jump. 
It had been four months since Dan killed himself. Sean had thought Anne had turned a corner. She relaxed more. She smiled more. It had never crossed his mind that she smiled because she was involved with another man. Well, Dan, I guess the unbearable agony of losing you didn’t last long, eh? 
Anger seared his cheeks. “So, that’s it then? Four months of “I can’t live without him”, and now you’ve gone off and found someone else? Forgive me for now doubting your paralyzing grief.”
Anne froze, her turn to stand speechless with her mouth open. Her eyebrows collided together and she shook her head. “Is that what you think? You think I’m having some kind of sexual relationship with Chris?”
“What else am I supposed to think, Anne? Flying off to Seattle…I mean, obviously, you haven’t had sex with him yet, but…” Sean’s voice trailed off and he looked at the floor. His hands rose up to his hips and he smirked as he shook his head. “Jesus Christ…he’s been out here, hasn’t he? That’s why you wanted all those damned drugs and kept making all those excuses for not coming over, isn’t it?”
Anne held her breath for a moment, and then releasing it in a ragged sigh, she flopped down on the couch. “It’s not what you think.”
Sean looked at her silently for a moment before his hands flew up in the air and he walked away. “Un-fucking-believable.” 
He had been so relieved these past few days. To see the sparkle returning to her eyes. To see her eating. She didn’t ask for drugs first thing when she walked in his door. He had allowed himself to believe that maybe he had saved her. 
Two weeks ago she had asked for drugs and privacy. He had been worried, but she assured him she just needed some time alone. He had called her every day to check on her. The creep had probably been right there, listening. Had they been lying in bed together? Had he been running his hands over her––
“Un-fucking-believable!” Sean shouted again from the kitchen. 
Anne hopped up from the couch and followed him, a scowl still etched across her face. “I told you, it’s not like that, damn it! There is nothing going on between me and Chris. He lost his fiancée just like I did, for Christ’s sake.”
Sean tried to remain calm, but the volume of his voice kept rising in a most annoyingly unrestrained way. “You expect me to believe that a grown man would fly thousands of miles to just hang out with a ‘friend’?” He made one of those quotation mark gestures with his fingers when he said the word ‘friend’. It always annoyed him when other people did this. “Gah! Anne, no way! Yeah, and you guys just took drugs all week and talked about the weather?”
Anne’s face turned bright red and she screamed. “No! As a matter of fact we didn’t talk about the weather! We spent the whole time talking about––” 
Her voice stopped abruptly. The red color faded away, and her face relaxed. “You know what? Fuck you. It’s none of your damn business what I do, anyway. Can I have the shit, or not?”
He looked at her a moment longer and sighed. “Yeah, Anne, sure. You can have it.” 
As he gathered the drugs for her, a sense of foreboding crept through his mind. A nagging sensation of unease. Something about this wasn’t right, but he couldn’t quite place it. It had been too easy. 
Her grief had been real. A person can’t lie when they’re rolling on Ecstasy. No, those had been her true emotions, and they had been devastating. What Anne had experienced had been more than emotions. There had been a withering of her spirit which had a physical effect on her body and, he suspected, her brain. The rapid weight loss anyone could see. The distant look in her eyes was probably something those who knew her well could see. Her irrational logic and disjointed thought patterns were something only he could see, and only when she was rolling. 
No, a person can’t hide the truth when they’re on Ecstasy. Except, she did hide something. He could tell. Sometimes, her sentences ended abruptly. Just like a moment ago. 
A romp in the sack couldn’t erase that kind of pain … could it? 
Sean put her drugs in a brown paper bag and by the time he handed it to her, he had calmed down. “Anne, I’m sorry. I’m just worried about you. Do you understand that? Do you understand how terrified I am at the thought of you going out there? Anything could happen to you.”
Anne smiled. “I know you’re worried. It’s okay. Believe me, nothing is going to happen to me. And no matter what you think, I’m not romantically involved with him. Not in any way. We…we need each other. I think Dan and Kim brought us together, so we could…help each other.”
“You’re both traumatized, Anne. You can’t help each other. I understand why it feels like Dan and Kim brought you together, but you have to ask yourself, why would they do that? Would Dan really think that another severely depressed and heart-broken person would be the best one to help you? I mean, right now, you’re both drowning. You don’t need to cling to each other. You’ll drown together if you do that. You both need someone on dry land to throw you a lifeline.”
Her smile faded. “Who’s going to throw me a lifeline…?”
He was losing her. She was slipping away from him. No, he realized, she hadn’t been his in so long. He reached out and grabbed her by both shoulders and shook her gently. “Me, Anne. I’m trying to throw you a lifeline, but you just keep pushing it away.”
Anne had that distant look in her eyes that he had become all too familiar with these past months. She blinked her eyes a few times and seemed to focus on him again. “Sean, I…I push you away because I don’t want to give you the wrong idea about me. You know, I don’t want it to seem like I’m…taking advantage of you or leading you on. Does it seem like I am?”
“No, of course not. You aren’t taking advantage of me, and you definitely aren’t leading me on. I know you still love Dan, and you’re still grieving. But I still care about you, and I want to help you get through all this. I’m moving up north in two weeks. I know you told me not to, but I went ahead and got that two bedroom place instead of the studio. If you ever need a place to stay, you and Alexandra will have your own bedroom. I can take care of you. You don’t need this guy from Seattle.”
Anne hugged the brown bag. The paper crinkled and echoed through the air as they watched each other. Anne’s eyes flicked away and she sighed. “I have to go, Sean. Don’t worry about me, please. Just move on with your life and forget about me.” 
As she turned and headed for the door, Sean took her hand. “Anne. Don’t go. I’m begging you.” He got down on his knees and her image blurred behind the tears in his eyes. “I love you. If something happened to you, I would die. Do you know that?”
She reached out and wiped away the tear from his cheek. “You wouldn’t die. Believe me, I know. You’re better off without me.”
And she walked out the door and left him on his knees, with tears falling from his eyes.
Chapter 50
Kim had gone home with Chris when he returned to Seattle, and Dan was left alone with Anne. He hadn’t seen Tar since their last confrontation, and feared he might be gone for good this time. He sat beside Anne as she wrote her goodbye letters. It would be a lie if he said he had never felt a glimmer of anticipation. A secret longing that she join him. 
Even so, he did not want that now. He wanted her to live.
He had believed that he would save her. Believed in the story book ending. He realized now, that if story book endings were real, he never would have killed himself. Her love would have saved him, and they would have lived happily ever after. 
Endings did not matter now. His turn was over, and there was no longer a place for him on Earth. She was writing her own story now. It included his name, but not his presence.
As he watched her pen dance across the paper, his vision blurred. The image of Anne began to fall away, and a whisper of a familiar voice floated across the air. “Daniel. Let go.”
Dan turned to find the voice. The apartment faded, and he was blinded by a golden light. He held his hand up in front of his face and squinted his eyes. 
“Daniel. Let her go.”
Dan shook his head and swatted at the air in front of him. “No! I won’t let her go. I’m not ready.”
The light dimmed, and when Dan turned back around to find Anne, Tar stood in front of him. 
Dan jumped. “Jesus Christ, Tar! What happened to knocking?” 
Tar smiled a tiny little smile but said nothing. 
Dan felt a change, a shift. Something important was happening, and he was afraid. “Tar, what just happened? Did you see that light? Did you hear that voice? Was that you?”
“It wasn’t me, Dan.” 
“Well, who the hell was it, then?”
Tar gave him one of those half-expectant, half-knowing looks. The kind of look that is given to little children who are adorable in their ignorance. “Don’t you know?”
Dan opened his mouth, but then closed it again quickly and shook his head. 
Tar nodded. “You know who it is. That was the voice of God, Dan. It’s calling your name. Calling you home.” 
Dan’s throat tightened, and tears sprang suddenly from his eyes as the truth of Tar’s words suddenly became reality. “God?”
Tar remained silent. 
Tears streamed down Dan’s face, and he shook his head violently back and forth. “No, Tar. I’m not ready. I-I’m not good enough… Wha-What I did… I-I don’t deserve it.” 
As much as he had been holding onto her, he had also been holding onto his own guilt. His shame had bound him to her, his shackles forged in the fires of his sin. And he could not let go of it. He could not forgive himself.
Tar sighed. “Do you remember when you shared a memory with me?”
Dan’s body trembled and his thoughts raced. He tried to focus on Tar’s words. The Vulcan Mind Meld. “Yes…I remember.” 
Tar wrapped his hands around Dan’s forehead. “I want to share a memory with you. I want to show you how I died.”
Chapter 51
Nestled in a green valley at the foot of the Italian Alps lived a winegrower. His land and his vines had been passed down through his family for many generations, and would continue to be passed down for many generations to come.
The winegrower’s hands were rough and his face weathered, but not careworn. He toiled under the sun, and the wind, and the rain, and his vines were strong, and his wine was good. 
His wife was a beautiful woman and when she looked out over her husband’s rolling green vineyard, she smiled and knew the simple joy of a hard life, well lived. 
The winegrower and his wife had two sons. The eldest son was named Desiderio, which means Yearning or Sorrow. One day the vineyard would be passed down to him. He had his father’s passion for the vine. He was strong and driven and he worked hard every day at his father’s side. 
The youngest son was named Amadeo, which means God’s Love. He also worked at his father’s side every day, but he had a gentle spirit and liked to chase butterflies and save worms from being trampled in the fresh turned earth. One day, when the vineyard belonged to his brother, he might work alongside him, or he might wander off down a new path, and find his heart on the other side of the mountain.
When Desiderio was four years old, a baby was placed on his lap. “She will be your wife one day, Desi,” his mother said, with a smile on her face. “Her name is Angelica.” 
Desiderio cocked his head to one side and looked at Angelica. Angelica cocked her head to the other side and looked at Desiderio. He wrinkled his nose at her and shook his head, putting her on the ground and running away. 
Amadeo was three. When he saw Angelica for the first time, she stood with her back to him, pointing away toward Desiderio, crying. He ran to her as fast as his little legs would carry him and he put his arms around her and he said to her, “It’s okay. Desi will come back.” 
As the boys grew, so did their love for Angelica. Their father would swat his straw hat at them as they ran through the vines. “Get! Go, children and play in the sunshine.” For his back was bent from toiling in the vineyard, and he knew that a child’s love grew when their backs were straight.
Desiderio taught Angelica how to tell when the grapes were ripe, and how to pick them without bruising them, and how to tie the vines. 
Amadeo taught her how to catch butterflies without tearing their wings, and how to build mounds of dirt under shade trees for worms to live in. 
At night they looked up at the stars. 
Amadeo said, “Angelica, Someday I will give you one of those stars.” 
And Desiderio said, “You will not give her anything, brother. For one day she will be my wife.”
When Desiderio was twelve and Amadeo was eleven their mother, whom they both loved more than anything else in the world, died while giving birth. Their new born sister also died, but not before their mother had a chance to cradle her in her arms. 
The grapes wilted on the vines that summer, and their father’s face was careworn and the wine bitter. Desiderio said, “Now I understand the meaning of my name, for I have never known sorrow until this day.”
“Not so, my brother,” Amadeo said. “You do not understand, for your name also means yearning. And your yearning is for this earth and these vines. Here, is where your heart lies.”
All the harder the brothers had to work so that the vineyard would recover. For five years they toiled in the sun and the rain and the wind. And the vines grew strong again, and the wine was good again. The winegrower’s face was still weathered and had more wrinkles then before, but was no longer careworn.
Amadeo worked alongside his brother, but while Desiderio bent his back and kept his head down toward the earth, which he loved, Amadeo still chased butterflies. And he dreamed of one day finding out what was on the other side of the rolling green vineyards and away over the mountain. 
~~~~~
At this time, in a distant country, there was a war raging. And God would forgive the sins of any man who fought for him in this war. 
Desiderio’s sin had been that he loved his mother more than he loved God. And God had punished him by taking his mother away. So, he left the vineyards to fight for God, so that his sin would be forgiven. “When I return,” he said to Angelica, “I will be a righteous man, and I will marry you.”
As he left for that distant country, Angelica cried and Amadeo put his arms around her and said to her, “It’s okay. Desi will come back.”
Three years passed, and Desiderio did not come back. 
As often happens, a boy’s words of comfort to a girl became, instead, words of love. Amadeo’s sin was that he loved Angelica more than he loved his brother. And when Desiderio left, Amadeo prayed that he would never return. 
Amadeo would travel to the Monastery to hear news of who was returning from the war. For over two years, there was no news of Desiderio. But in the third year, there had been news. Desiderio was retuning. 
Amadeo cursed his brother’s name and told his father and Angelica that Desiderio had died. The winegrower, believing his eldest son dead, gave his marriage blessings to Amadeo and Angelica. 
On their wedding day, Amadeo said to Angelica, “My brother, who loved this earth and these vines, traveled away from here and found his destiny on the other side of the mountain. And I, who thought my destiny lay on the other side of the mountain, have found my heat here in this earth and these vines and in your love.”
~~~~~
Desiderio fought many battles, and killed many men in the name of God. The men he fought shouted, “Bismi Allah!” as they died on his sword. And when he asked what this meant, someone told him they were shouting “in the name of God”.
This troubled Desiderio’s heart, as he looked at their blood on his sword and on his hands. The color of their skin was different, as was their language. But the color of their blood, and the words they shouted as they died, were the same. 
Desiderio did not find forgiveness. 
“Truly I understand my name now, for my spirit is full of sorrow.” 
But his name also meant yearning, and he yearned for Angelica and Amadeo and his father. And he yearned for the earth and the vineyard that was his home. 
~~~~~
A week before Desiderio arrived home, the winegrower died peacefully in his sleep. When he got to Heaven, his wife and his daughter were waiting for him. But he was surprised to find that his eldest son was not. 
Desiderio, grief stricken that he had missed his father’s burial, and that his brother had married Angelica, and that he had spent three years killing men in the name of God, drew his sword and brandished it at Amadeo. “You, who were my brother, stole the woman who was to be my wife! Now, you are no brother to me!”
Amadeo held his hands up and said, “My brother, forgive me!” 
Desiderio said, “I have searched for forgiveness for three years and found none. Neither shall you find forgiveness.”
Angelica stepped before Desiderio and said, “Amadeo is your brother, and my husband, and I love him.” 
When Desiderio heard this, his heart broke. And he was filled with a sorrow so dark that it filled his spirit with shadow. He pushed Angelica aside and he ran his sword through Amadeo’s heart. 
Amadeo gasped for breath as Desiderio withdrew his sword. Crimson streams of blood ran down his chest and from his mouth and nose. Falling to the floor, his choking, struggle for life assaulted Desiderio and he looked away. 
Angelica cradled Amadeo’s head in her arms and looked at Desiderio with venom in her eyes. “Your spirit is black as tar! And forever more, your name shall be.”
And with Amadeo’s last breath, he whispered, “Forgive me, my brother.”
~~~~~
And so, Amadeo died, and Tar buried him beside his mother and father and sister. He did know true sorrow, but not forgiveness, for still he would not forgive his brother. 
When Amadeo died, he did not meet his mother and father and sister, for he did not go to Heaven. He remained by Angelica’s side and tried to comfort her. And he stayed by his brother’s side and sought forgiveness.
For many days, Angelica wept. “Your brother begs forgiveness, Tar. His sorrow has bound him to you, and he cannot let go unless you release him.”
But Tar would not release him. And when Amadeo’s spirit came to his brother to ask forgiveness, Tar said, “I am not your brother, I am only Tar. And you are nothing more to me than your final gasping death rale. That is all I see of you in my thoughts, and that is all you will ever be to me.”
Amadeo tried to comfort Angelica. “Weep not, my wife, for I have seen white shores and one day we will be reunited there. It will be but a moment, and all of eternity will lie before us.”
Angelica, in her grief, threw her body upon Tar’s sword so that she would be reunited with Amadeo. When she died, her spirit fled toward Amadeo. But their spirits barely touched before she raced past him, to those distant, white shores. For Angelica had let go of life, and there was nothing left in that mortal abode that bound her. 
When Tar found Angelica’s body, his sorrow deepened and he wept bitter tears and he cried out. “Rale, you haunted her as you haunt me and because of you she is dead!”
“Forgive me, my brother,” Rale said, “so that I may flee this place and join my wife on the white shores, which I have seen in my dreams! For she awaits me there, along with our mother and father and sister.”
 Tar cursed his brother’s name. “Rale! You shall never join them on those white shores. And you shall never have peace. For I shall not forgive you. You have killed Angelica, as surely as you have killed me!” 
And with that last curse upon his lips, Tar flung his body upon his sword and died beside Angelica. 
But Tar did not go to Heaven. A voice whispered to him and told him to let go of his brother’s betrayal, but Tar would not. So he sat on the edge of Heaven and dreamed. Sometimes, he thought he heard a voice calling his name, and he would awaken and journey to the edge of the world, but the suffering of the world darkened his spirit, and he turned away. 
And Rale did not go to Heaven either. A voice whispered to him and told him to let go of his betrayal against his brother, but Rale would not. So he sat on the edge of the world and watched the suffering. Sometimes, he heard a voice calling his name, his real name. And he would journey to the edge of Heaven, but the light burned his darkened spirit and he turned away. 
Chapter 52
Tar removed his hands from Dan’s head, and they regarded each other quietly for a moment. Dan licked his dry lips, and Tar ran one hand across his forehead. He turned away and spoke to Dan over his shoulder. “Well. Now you know how I died.”
“Tar.” Dan winced when he said the name. “I...I don’t know what to say. I...I’m sorry.”
Tar turned back. “Why?”
Not knowing how to express all the sorrow in his heart, Dan shook his head. “I’m … sorry I didn’t know your real name. I wish you had introduced yourself with it when we first met. Why didn’t you?”
“Why didn’t you?” Tar answered. “Didn’t you tell me you preferred Daniel?”
Dan nodded. “You know, I thought you were an angel when we first met. I thought you might even be God. Isn’t that funny?”
Tar chuckled. “It was funny. You didn’t think so at the time, though.”
“But Tar.” Dan took a few steps toward him and Tar took a step back. Dan stopped and held his hands out. “If you could only see yourself the way I see you, hear the way your voice sounds. You have this...this...I don’t know, radiance. When you smile, or laugh, it has this...I don’t know how to describe it. It has an effect on me. What is it?”
Tar smiled one of those smiles that means a person is weary, but glad that someone else is not. Being weary is different than being tired, or even being exhausted. When a person is weary, they don’t expect any amount of rest to heal them. “Dan, I can’t tell you what it is that you see when you look at me. But I can show you.” 
“Show me how? With another Vulcan Mind Meld?”
“No, you just have to follow me. And before you ask, yes, I will bring you right back here.”
“Okay.” A shiver of anticipation and fear raced up his spine and goose bumps rose on his arms. “Let’s go.”
This time, when Tar smiled, it was not a weary one. “I’m going to start walking. I want you to follow, and stay focused on me.”
Dan nodded, and Tar walked out the front door. They walked in silence, Tar in front, Dan behind. The bright sun shone down on lush green grass, and sparkled on the surface of the lake beside Anne’s apartment building. 
An old goose with feathers missing and a torn wing looked up at Dan and, squawking and flapping its good wing, shuffled out of his path. 
Dan paused and looked at it. 
The old goose looked in Dan’s eyes and honked. “Tar, can that goose see me?”
Tar stepped toward it, and the goose shifted its gaze to him. He reached out for the goose, and it hissed and ruffled what little remained of its feathers. He nodded. “He’s almost here. Soon, he’ll be in goose Heaven.”
He began walking again, and Dan jogged to catch up. “There’s really such a thing as goose Heaven?”
“Of course there is. It’s just that it happens to be the same place as human Heaven.” Tar winked at him. “Behind me now. Stay focused on following me, or we’ll never get there.”
Dan slowed and trained his eyes on the back of Tar’s head. As they walked, the scenery around him faded. He soon found himself surrounded by gauzy greyness that clung to him and brushed the surface of his skin. In the distance, something glinted and shimmered. The ground under him became springy and when he stepped down, a squelching noise rose up. Looking at his feet, he saw damp earth. 
A feeling of recognition, or déjà vu crept through his thoughts. He looked around for something familiar, but he had never been here. Had he? The greyness grew lighter, and in the distance, puddles of water covered the damp earth. 
“Don’t step in them,” Tar said. 
The farther they walked, the more numerous the puddles became. Tar maneuvered around them until they came upon a wide grassy bank beside a still lake. Surrounding the lake on either side of the bank, grew a dense forest. The lake stretched away into the distance, disappearing behind the curve of the trees.
Overhead, a fuzzy yellow sun shone through a foggy haze of grey. Shadows hung between the trees in the thick forest, but a glinting and shimmering, like fireflies spinning and tumbling, lit tiny sparks among the dark shadows. A warm breeze carried the flowery scent of ginger, or cinnamon and caressed Dan’s face with a soft hand of silk. 
The surface of the water gleamed like a sheet of polished silver. Tar stepped to the edge and looked down. “Come over here, and I will show you what it is that you see in me.”
The feeling of fear overtook the feeling of anticipation in Dan’s spirit. He took a step back, afraid of what he would see. Had Tar tricked him into coming here? 
Despite what Tar had shown him of his life and death, there was something divine about Tar’s spirit. Tar had been redeemed, his spirit radiated that redemption. Was this a test? Meant to purge Dan’s spirit? What if he failed? What if there was no redemption for him? Would he become like Rale?
Tar held his hand out to Dan. “Come here and look. Do not be afraid.” 
Dan bit his lip and nodded. If he failed, if there was no redemption for him, then he would accept his fate. He would not run away any longer. He took a step forward and looked down. 
His own reflection looked up at him. But this was not the face he had seen in the mirror countless times in life. It was not the image he had avoided whenever possible, an unattractive, at times grotesque reflection of a man he loathed. 
Yet, it was the same face. Why did it look so different now? He had not been redeemed. Not been forgiven. There was no halo over Dan’s head, no billowy white robe, or choirs of angels. Yet here, in his own reflection, he saw the same radiant glow, the same divine and perfect presence that he had seen in Tar. 
As when a person marvels at the sound of their own voice played back to them, Dan marveled at his own mirror image. Often, a person will ask, “Is that really what I sound like?” And now Dan, unable to take his eyes off the image in the water, asked, “Is that really what I look like?” The corners of his mouth turned up into a smile. He was beautiful. 
“Yes,” Tar answered with a smile and a nod. “That is really what you look like. You’ve always looked like that.” 
Dan blinked, and turned to Tar. “No. Not to you. When we first met, you said I looked like someone else entirely. Who did you see?”
Tar’s smile faltered. “…Only a lost memory.”
“I don’t know what that means, Tar. Who did you see?”
Tar said nothing. 
Turning back to the water, Dan found himself growing angry at the image of perfection he saw reflected back “No. I don’t deserve this. This is not who I am. What I did can’t be forgiven. Where is Hell? That’s where I want to go. That’s what I deserve.” He turned away from the water, and would not look back. 
“There is no Hell,” Tar said shaking his head. “I told you that already. If you want to suffer for what you’ve done, then go back to the world. You’ll find all the suffering you require there.”
Dan clenched his fists. “Like Rale? Rale didn’t deserve Hell when he died, but I’ll wager he deserves it now. What does he see when he looks in the water?
“Rale won’t look in the water.” 
Dan sighed, and decided to take a chance. “Why won’t you forgive him?”
Tar gave a little snort of derision. “Why won’t you forgive yourself?”
“Gah!” Dan said with a sharply exhaled breath. “Why won’t you?”
They glared at each other for a moment, and then Tar laughed. “Yes, you’re right, I’m a bastard. But I never claimed to be anything more than a man who died. What you see when you look at me is neither radiant, nor divine. It is only a simple spirit, a spirit much like yourself.” He pointed down to the water at Dan’s feet. “What you are looking in, is the pool of eternity.” He swept his hand in the direction of the forest. “Past those woods is real Heaven. I’ve seen it, but I’ve never been. Do you want me to take you there?”
“I don’t deserve it.” 
“Everyone deserves it.”
“Not everyone. What about Hitler? People like that don’t deserve Heaven. You know what? This whole system is messed up as far as I can tell. Why do some people have to suffer so much? Why do the people who cause all that suffering get to go to Heaven? No…No, they should be punished. It’s not fair.”
“What happens to one, happens to all,” Tar said. “What one spirit does, all spirits do. There is no separation between us, remember?”
“That’s bullshit, Tar. I never mur––” His voice stumbled over the word, but he raised his head a little higher and looked pointedly in Tar’s eyes. “I never murdered anyone. Or tortured anyone. I never even kicked a dog when I was alive.”
Tar sighed and spoke with derision. “Yes, yes, when you were alive…Well, you aren’t alive anymore are you?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
Tar threw his hands out and spun around on his heels. He looked down at the water, and then over at the trees. “It’s like…” He turned back to Dan. “Would you consider yourself the same person now, that you were when you were a child?”
“No, of course not. Not even close” 
“Why are you different? Because you have grown into a man? That changed you into a different person, eh?”
“Yes, it did, actually. I was a completely different person when I was a kid.”
“All right then. Let’s talk about that other person you were when you were a kid. What’s the worst thing that happened to him?”
Dan looked at his feet and thought for a moment. “Well…childhood wasn’t really fun for him. He got picked on a lot...he was self-conscious, awkward. He got the crap beat out of him once by a bully. It…well, as I said, it wasn’t a fun time.”
“Okay,” Tar said. “Now, how about that other person you say you grew into. The man. Was he bullied? Was he ever beaten up?”
“No … what’s your point?”
“My point is this. By your own admission, we have two different people here.” He held his left hand out, palm up. “A child who got the hell beat out of him, got picked on, tormented.” He held his right hand out, palm up. “And a grown man who didn’t.” He raised his eyebrows. “Why did the little boy have to suffer that kind of abuse, and the grown man did not? That’s not fair.” 
Dan made a swatting gesture with his hand. “That’s ridiculous. You can’t make that kind of comparison! The child was me.”
“No. You said yourself that you are not the same person that you were as a child. You most certainly are not the same person you were as a baby, and I imagine you aren’t even the same person you were when you were twenty years old. And yet, all those different people are the same man. Not all of them experienced the same things, and yet … they did.”
Dan shook his head, and kept on shaking it, unable to either refute or accept Tar’s logic. He wasn’t exactly sure where Tar was heading with this, but he was fairly certain he was not going to like it when he got there. 
Tar motioned toward the lake. “Do you see a lake? Or do you see billions of separate molecules of water? Or do you see billions and billions of individual atoms? What is the definition of that which you see? I will wager that you see a lake. And yet, you realize it is comprised of individual atoms. One and many.”
“No, Tar. There’s a huge difference between a lake and people. You can’t compare them like that.”
Tar nodded. “You’re right, Dan. People are not like lakes. But you’re not a person anymore. You’re a spirit. And spirits are much more like lakes, than they are like people.” He shrugged. “At least in Heaven they are.” He knelt beside the water. “Take a closer look.”
Dan knelt beside Tar and looked in the water, past his reflection. At first he saw only the silvery sheen, but then colors began swirling and pulsing in delicate patterns. Small shadows of life flitting just below the coalescing patterns. Dan squinted and tried to focus on one moving shape, but the shadows ran together and moved together. Perhaps it was a school of fish. “What is it, Tar?”
When Tar didn’t answer, Dan reached out and gently touched the surface. His fingertips absorbed the warm water, and a bolt of electricity zapped through his body. His life flashed before his eyes again, much like when he was dying. Except this time, the images were not just from his life, but from the lives of countless others. 
Muscles stretched taut as they pulled a metal plough share, hooves sinking in thick mud. 
Roots spread through deep earth, and leaves swayed on branches in a gentle breeze high above. 
Chubby brown fingers poked at beetles scurrying in sand. 
A rolling orb of water tumbled through the air and splashed on a yellow daisy. 
A mother wept over the body of her small child. 
Rocks and wind and water moved through the earth. 
A man, hatred smoldering in his heart, took aim at his enemy and fired. 
An old goose was kicked by a heavy boot, breaking bones and feathers. 
Millions of moments, from millions of lives flashed through Dan’s spirit.
Suddenly, the images vanished, and he saw his arm stretched out before him, firmly in Tar’s grasp. He looked over at Tar who shrugged. “I promised you I would take you back. Do you still want to go?”
Dan sat back heavily and lay on the ground. “I was a drop of rain, Tar. I was a tree, and I think that goose must have died. What the hell just happened?”
Tar lay beside him and sighed. “You saw past the lake. You saw the individual molecules of water.” 
“Everything that dies comes here? To this lake? This is Heaven?”
Tar chuckled. “No. This isn’t Heaven. This is an emulation, Dan. This is the edge of Heaven, but Eternity doesn’t look any more like a lake than I look like some famous movie star.” He sat up and pointed to the water. “This is a barrier that our spirits have constructed. It’s an illusion.” He dipped his hand in the water and withdrew it. A silver sheen coated his hand and drops of shining moisture fell and plinked softly on the glassy surface. “This surrounds us all the time. We are submerged in it. We are one with it. There is no separation.” 
Dan sat up and looked behind him. Hundreds of puddles surrounded the grassy bank. “And those? Those are other spirits that won’t let go, aren’t they? Is this where you spend all your free time? Sitting around in a puddle? Is this your Heaven?”
Tar frowned. “Not my Heaven. They sleep, and never wake up.”
Dan got up and walked over to one. Leaning down, he started to reach toward it. 
“No!” Tar shouted. He got up and walked over to Dan, looking down at the puddle. “No. Don’t touch them. Let them be. I made that mistake once. Trust me, you don’t want to experience the lives they’ve led…the suffering they’ve caused.” Tar rubbed his other arm and hand, as if trying to warm it, or relieve a deep ache. “When the world is gone, the spirit sees. And the pain they saw when they died was far greater than anything you could imagine.”
Dan stood and pulled his hand back. “Is this what will become of you? If you stay here? Drown in your own grief and shame? You tell me to let go. Why won’t you?”
Tar’s face darkened. “Why should I? You say you deserve to go to Hell for what you did? Your sin is nothing compared to mine. You say you never murdered anyone. Well, I did, Dan. I murdered a lot of people. And not just men who were trying to kill me in battle. Women…children. We marched into their homeland and killed them all. Entire villages…In God’s name…I can still hear them screaming.” Tar looked at Dan with shimmering eyes. 
Dan shook his head slowly, unable to form words with his mouth. 
Tar looked down and one shining tear fell, and with a soft drop, sent gentle waves rolling through the puddle at his feet. “My brother…Angelica…”
Dan shook his head. “No, Tar. I saw. You didn’t murder Angelica.”
Tar looked up, his eyes ablaze. “I might as well have. I am one of those who caused great suffering. I’m one of those you said should be punished. Me. Maybe I should become one of these puddles, because I don’t deserve Heaven.” Tar’s chin and lower lip trembled. He inhaled sharply and turned away from Dan, hanging his head in his hands.
It all made sense now. It wasn’t about Rale, after all. Tar could not forgive himself. Dan reached out to touch his shoulder. “Tar, I’m s––”
Tar brushed Dan’s hand away, and began walking away from the lake, back in the direction they had come. “I promised to take you back. Let’s go.”
As Dan turned to follow Tar, his eye caught something in the trees beside the water. 
Rale stood in the shadows, watching them. 
Part 4
Expectations. 
Tricky little bastards, aren’t they? 
When I first met Tar, I thought he was God. Isn’t that funny? He seemed so perfect and radiant. I expected him to save me. 
Even harder than letting go of the expectations I set for myself, was letting go of the expectations I set for others. 
They were quiet expectations, almost invisible. Thin strands of perfection that I wove around them in a gossamer tapestry. They fumbled through the delicate lines, not even knowing they were there, destroying them one by one.
Now I watch them, beautiful in their imperfection, weaving their own tapestries. 
Will they be able to let go of those strands that keep their heads forever bowed to the task? 
Or will they rise up, and look into each other’s eyes?
~ Dan
Chapter 53
There are moments, most unexpectedly, when something inside me tries to assure me that I don’t really mind so much, not so very much, after all. Love is not the whole of a man’s life...People get over these things. Come, I shan’t do so badly. One is ashamed to listen to this voice but it seems for a little to be making out a good case. Then comes a sudden jab of red-hot memory and all this ‘commonsense’ vanishes like an ant in the mouth of a furnace.
~ C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed
~~~~~
Anne had been afraid to fly since the week she spent cleaning up after Flight 4184. As she boarded the red eye to Seattle, she found it ironic that her anxiety had vanished. Amazing how liberating a death wish can be, she thought, with a smile on her face. 
It’s not that she expected, or even that she wished the plane would crash. She wasn’t ready to die quite yet. It’s just that the possibility that the plane might crash, no longer frightened her. 
Reclining her seat, images of her body tearing to shreds as small bits of metal plane hull ripped through it, assailed her. Over and over the images, varying by degrees, played out in her mind. 
Sometimes, her body fell, tumbling through the air as other passengers around her screamed and bits of wreckage tore her skin. Until finally, the ground raced forward, a final black image of eternity. 
Sometimes an explosion rocked the plane and a raging fireball rolled in slow motion toward her down the aisle of the cabin. It engulfed the other passengers and sent shards of debris ahead of itself to impale into her body. The screams ended when flesh blackened. In those visions, eternity was orange. 
Sometimes, as was the case with Flight 4184, she stayed in the cabin as it screamed and spun through the air, along with the other passengers. Finally it smashed into the ground, breaking into jagged fragments which tore her body to pieces. Pieces which would lay on the ground until someone with a respirator came along and picked them up and put them in a plastic bag with a number on it. 
Still smiling, Anne sat up and looked around the dimly lit cabin. Most of the people around her dozed. A few read from books, yellow spot lights above them illuminating white pages and casting shadows over faces. Why did the deathly images keep replaying in her mind? And why was she smiling as they did? Perhaps she wished for more than release. Maybe there was more than just a longing to reunite with Dan. 
Searching her memory, she stumbled over thoughts that were disjointed and confusing. 
There! A shining memory, which had power and strength. 
When she asked Chris if he would kill her. 
She took this memory out and examined it, turning it this way and that, looking into the heart of it, into the heart of her desire. Yes, she saw it. There had been more to her desire than mere death. There had been a hunger for pain. For suffering. For punishment. 
Punishment for letting him die. 
Anne shivered as she looked out the window. All was blackness except for the glowing wisps of cloud that raced past the double paned glass like ghosts in the night. Is that you, Dan? Are you out there, somewhere? It wasn’t my fault…I didn’t let you die. 
She turned away from the window and looked at the back of the seat in front of her. Closing her eyes, she pushed the images of pain and fire and destruction out of her mind. “It’s not my fault, you son of a bitch. You killed yourself.”
“Pardon me?” the man next to her said. 
Turning to look at him, Anne shook her head and smiled weakly. “Oh, I’m sorry, it was nothing. I was just talking to myself.”
The man smiled and leaned back again in his chair, closing his eyes. 
Anne turned back to the window, dreaming once more of fireballs and black eternity. 
Chapter 54
Dan and Kim went with Anne and Chris to Mount Saint Helens and to the Pacific Ocean and to Mount Rainier. The sparse devastation around the volcano, the vastness of the grey ocean, and the greenness of the primeval, old growth forests had a mollifying effect on all four of them. 
They also went with them to the studio where Chris rehearsed with his band. Watching Chris introduce Anne to his band mates and friends, his hand resting lightly on the small of her back, had an agitating effect on Dan and Kim. 
They rode with them silently on the Monorail to the Space Needle in Seattle. Their bodies rocked gently side to side as they sat together, opposite Chris and Anne in the otherwise deserted tram. 
A slight scowl marred their radiant faces as they watched Chris lean close to Anne and point out the window. Occasionally, the furrows between their eyebrows deepened when Anne giggled or Chris put his arm around her shoulders. 
When Chris and Anne stood at the top of the Space Needle, and simultaneously reached out and grasped each other’s hands, Dan and Kim glared. 
Dan gestured toward the pair with both hands. “What the hell does he think he’s doing?” 
Anne leaned her head on Chris’s shoulder, and Kim grumbled. “Well, he’s not realizing how much this floozy girlfriend of yours is taking advantage of him.”
“What? What the hell are you talking about? She’s no floozy!”
“Oh right, tell me you haven’t seen the way she’s throwing herself at him. Pining away with those big blue eyes. Blink, blink, blink. She’s so obvious!”
The irritation which had been building the last few days bubbled up within Dan and he set his site on the only viable target within range. “Oh yeah? Well, she wouldn’t even be here if it wasn’t for your wanna be rock star boyfriend wanting to show off for her in his studio with his band. Like everyone from Seattle isn’t a rock star wanna be.”
“Wha-at? It wasn’t even his idea for her to come out here! She’s the one who didn’t want,” here, Kim made those quotation marks with her fingers, “to die before seeing the Pacific Ocean!” Kim swatted her hands in a dismissive gesture and rolled her eyes.
They glared at each other with impotent rage. Dan realized that he could do nothing but watch them as they either moved on together or died together. 
Kim looked at Dan with watery eyes, her chin quivering. “What is it that we want? Do you know? Do we want them to live or die?”
Dan put his arms around her and she buried her face in his chest. 
The sun was setting over the waters of Puget Sound and a pink glow bathed the city below. He looked at Anne and Chris and sighed. “We want them to live.”
~~~~~
Back at the apartment that night Chris sat on the floor in front of a large mirror. Dan sat behind him on the sofa thinking about rain drops and lakes and broken geese. Kim stood at the other end of the sofa. She picked up a bottle of rum from the coffee table and took a long swig. Setting it back on the table, she smiled. “I always knew rum had a lot of spirit.” Anne was trying automatic handwriting at the other end of the coffee table. She turned the paper in front of her upside down and studied the wavy lines she had written there. 
Leaning in closer to the mirror, Chris rubbed it with his hand as though polishing it. He leaned back and blinked several times and then back in again, squinting at the mirror. 
Kim watched Chris and she slapped Dan on the knee as she sat down beside him. When Dan looked up at her, she pointed toward Chris. 
Chris’s head was cocked to the side now, his nose almost touching the glass. He turned and looked back toward Dan, and then back in the mirror again, his eyebrows deeply furrowed. 
“Does he see me?” Dan asked in a wispy voice, his own eyebrows now colliding. He got on the floor and crawled over to Chris. For a moment, they looked at each other in the mirror. Chris swiveled his entire body around in a fluid motion and came almost nose to nose with Dan, and looked in his eyes. 
Chris reached out and placed his hand over Dan’s face. Dan’s first impulse was to push it away, but he restrained himself as his heart pounded against his chest and an invisible band tightened around his lungs. Chris could see him. Feel him.
A million and one thoughts zipped through Dan’s mind. There was so much he needed to tell Chris, things he needed Chris to tell Anne for him. The thoughts spun in fractured, disjointed syllables in his head. I love you. I’m sorry. I’m okay. You’re okay. We’ll be together again someday. Take care of Alexandra. Tell my parents I love them––
Chris withdrew his hand. He tilted his head and gave a slight nod. He appeared to carry the weight of the world in his eyes. “What am I supposed to do?” he whispered.
The buzzing of jumbled thoughts in Dan’s mind ceased. 
He looked at Anne, who kneeled in front of the coffee table scrawling line after incomprehensible line of gibberish over yet another quickly discarded piece of paper. 
He glanced at Kim, an unspoken question hanging between them. 
Kim nodded. 
He turned back to Chris and smiled. “Take care of her.”
Chapter 55
The journey of a thousand miles begins with the first step.
~ Chinese Proverb
~~~~~
Anne glanced up from the most recent line of scrawl and saw Chris watching her. “What?”
He stood, walked over to her, and held his hand out. 
“What?” she said again, a little crinkle forming between her eyebrows. 
Chris still held his hand out. “Come up here for a minute. I want to talk to you.”
Anne tilted her head to the side and narrowed her eyes, but took his hand and let him pull her to her feet. 
“Anne…I need to tell you something…something important.”
Anne swayed slightly from side to side and rubbed her forehead with her other hand. “Chris, what is it? I’m really high. Can’t this wait?”
“No, I don’t think so.” 
He led her over to the couch and sat, pulling her down onto his lap. She started to push off of him, but he grabbed her face and looked in her eyes. “Wait.”
For a moment, they looked at each other. 
Anne blinked her eyes several times, trying to focus on him, and nodded. “Okay. What is it?”
He pulled her head down and leaned her forehead against his. “I told you I would die with you, and I meant it. I still mean it. I will kill myself with you if that’s what you want. But I don’t want to die anymore. I want to live. And I want you to live too.”
Anne reached up to her face and pulled his hands down, leaning back, away from him. “What the hell are you talking about? I…I don’t understand.”
Chris looked down at their hands and bit his lip. When he looked at her again, she saw a fire smoldering in his eyes. She saw a kind of strength that she had never seen before. In his eyes, she saw a man. 
He smiled. “They had a choice. Both of them. They chose to leave us. Right out the door, Anne. They opened it, and walked out on us. Maybe I should’ve known what Kim was doing to herself, but I didn’t know. Maybe Dan left you signs, maybe he wanted you to see, and save him. But you didn’t see.” He put her hands together in a posture of prayer, his own hands covering hers. “If they had given us a choice - ‘help me, or I’m going to die’ - we would have helped them. Okay, we were stupid, we were blind. We were looking the other way while they were drowning. But they didn’t call out for help, either. Right now, there are people in our lives that are looking the other way and we’re drowning. We have a choice to make. Call for help, or walk out the door.”
Anne bowed her head, as thoughts raced through it. Living? Was that an option? Do I have a choice? Didn’t I already consider that possibility? High…I’m so fucking high… Where’s Rale? She shook her head, trying to shake the confusion away and looked around the room. “Rale?” 
There he was, standing in the corner, cloaked in shadows. 
She pointed to him. “There. Do you see him? He’s standing right there in the corner.”
Chris reached up and took her face again. He turned her head back to look in his eyes. “There’s no one there, Anne. It’s just you and me.”
“No.” She pulled away from him and looked for Rale in the corner, but he was gone.
Chapter 56
My oh my, where did you go, when the summer rain had come?
Falling down, wetting ground, and my heart had felt the same.
Oh, you left and took to the sun.
Oh, I surmise the pressure was too much.
Was it money?
Were you lonely?
Was the pain too much to bear inside your head?
Well, peace, doesn’t come that easily.
Misery, to some can be the key to losing all one has
Self- respect, and the fact, that you’ve nothing more to lose.
Oh, your angry eyes were so blind.
Oh, I let you down and I apologize.
It’s a heartache
That you can’t face
And holding on hurts more than all the scars.
Well, peace doesn’t come that easily.
No. Peace doesn’t come that easily.
~ Peace (Doesn’t come that easily) © Mark Atteberry
~~~~~
Kim watched Chris as he stood in front of his rack of keyboards. The only sound was the thunking rhythm as his fingers pounded the keys in a furious and dizzy staccato, almost a melody of its own. The music he created as his fingers ran up and down over the keys, emanated faintly from the headphones he wore. 
She walked into the bedroom. Anne slept in the bed, under Kim’s red, white, and blue down comforter, which was spread on the mattress where Kim and Chris had made love countless times. The mattress sat on the oak frame bed that had been hers since childhood. 
As Kim watched her, she wondered how many more times this woman would sleep in her bed. And she was surprised that the wondering no longer irritated her. Leaning over, she touched Anne’s face. “You can sleep here for as long as you want.”
She went in the living room, sat beside Dan on the sofa, and looked into his now ageless eyes. “When we first met, I called you an asshole, remember?”
Dan chuckled. “Yeah, if I remember correctly, I had just referred to you as a drunk. Not the best way to start a friendship, eh?”
Kim gave a faint smile. “You called me a drunk, and that’s what I was. In life anyway. I lied to everyone. To Chris. To Tar. To you. Even to myself. It wasn’t true, down deep, denial either. I never deluded myself. I always knew I was an alcoholic. I guess I was like a cancer patient denying to everyone that I had cancer. I could feel it inside me, but I didn’t want anyone else to know it was there. People have a lot more sympathy for cancer than they do alcoholism.”
Dan touched her shoulder. “Hey, don’t be so hard on yourself. You had an addiction. That’s a heavy burden.”
“No. I’m not being hard on myself anymore. I’m just letting go of the lies. No more bullshit. I had an addiction, true. But I chose to stop fighting it. I suppose…in a way…it’s like when a cancer patient finally stops fighting. When they get to the end of it all and accept their fate. When they let go and prepare for death. That’s what I did, Dan. I let go of everything else…Chris…life…everything else. I accepted my fate and let it consume me.” She reached out and took Dan’s hands. “It’s too late for me to apologize to Chris, but I need to apologize. To someone.”
Dan nodded and put his arm around her, pulling her closer to him. A golden light seeped into the apartment and they turned to find the source. A shimmering globe hovered by the door. Kim smiled and Dan shielded his eyes. “What is it?” he asked.
She pointed to the pictures on the mantle. “It’s my mother. She died two years ago.” 
The globe of light morphed and coalesced into the shape of an elderly woman with joyful eyes. Kim had wondered so many times why she hadn’t seen her yet. Now, she understood. She had not been ready before. Not ready to let go. She reached up and took Dan’s face, turning it toward her. “I’m leaving Dan. I’m forgiving myself, letting go of all this. That’s what it’s all about, you see? When you’re ready to forgive yourself, I’ll be waiting for you in real Heaven.” 
Dan grabbed her hands. “Wait. You’re leaving?” He looked around the room. “What about Tar? Don’t you want to say goodbye?”
Kim stood. “Tar? Are you here?’
Tar appeared beside her in a flash of rainbow colored light. 
She rolled her eyes and laughed. “You always know how to make an entrance.”
There was a tender joy reflected in Tar’s eyes. “You’re leaving.”
Kim took his hands. “I’m going home, Tar. I know that you’re welcome there too. Let go of all this and come with me.” 
Tar raised her hands to his lips and kissed them, and behind her hands he whispered, “I’m not ready.”
She glanced over Tar’s shoulder at Rale, who watched them from behind the half closed bedroom door. She smiled and held one hand out toward him. “You too, Rale. Come with me.”
Rale hung his head down and disappeared behind the door. 
Kim and Tar looked at each other for a moment, and Kim said, “When you’re ready, then.”
She walked over to Chris and touched his hand. Chris’s fingers froze. With his other hand, he rubbed the spot where Kim’s hand lay.
Kim ran her hand up his arm and onto his cheek. Chris trembled visibly and reaching up, ran his hand down his cheek. “Kim?”
“I’m here Chris.” She put her hand over his. “I’m holding your hand right now, but I’m going to let go. You hold onto your life as hard as you can. Don’t you dare let go. You may make a mess of it, but you keep holding onto it. Fight for it, Chris.”
Chris blinked a big, watery blink and a shining tear sprang from his eye, rolling down his face and over Kim’s hand. He closed his eyes and sighed. “I will always love you.”
“I will always love you too, Chris. I’m letting go now. Goodbye.” She let go of his hand and took a step back. Chris sat down on the floor and cried, but he didn’t weep. 
Kim smiled at Dan as she walked toward the golden light. And as she embraced her mother, the light faded taking their spirits with it. 
Chapter 57
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion to death.
~ Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
~~~~~
Monday September 10, 2001
Chris stood in line with Anne at the US Air check-in counter in the Seattle Airport. He held her hand and turning suddenly to her said, “Hey why don’t you just stay for a few more days? Stay until tomorrow at least. I don’t have to go back to work until Wednesday.”
Anne thought about this for a moment. One more day might be possible. She didn’t have to go back to work until Wednesday, either. Tom would be bringing Alexandra over in the morning, however, and she wanted to spend as much time with her as possible, before…well, before the end. 
Anne realized that she needed to be just as careful with Chris, now, as she was with Sean. 
Chris wanted to live, and his confession to her had put her on edge. He assured her that he would still kill himself with her if that’s what she wanted. And he made her promise that she wouldn’t do anything without him. “If you’re hell bent on dying, we might as well go together,” he had said to her. “Because I would die anyway, if I lost you now.”
If only it were that easy, Anne had thought. She knew, of course, that he would not die if he lost her. And she knew that she would not allow him to die with her. 
She almost agreed to stay one more day, but he might keep trying to convince her to live. 
Best to leave now and be done with it. 
She would die alone, after all. 
On the flight back to Indy fireballs, and smoke, and shredded bodies tore through her thoughts. 
~~~~~
The next morning, Anne groggily watched the morning news while she waited for Tom to bring Alexandra over on his way to work. 
When she opened the door for them, Alexandra wrapped herself around Anne’s legs briefly before darting away to her over-flowing pink toy box. Anne smiled up at Tom and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek. “Thanks for bringing her over.” 
Tom had a puzzled smile on his face. “Well, aren’t you chipper today? I’m glad to finally see you smiling again.”
Anne nodded. “Yeah, I’m really feeling better now.”
Refilling her coffee cup, she realized that she was feeling better. She was almost giddy with anticipation. This is not what she had expected. Suicidal people were supposed to be sad and depressed, but now that the decision had been made, and all of her plans were finalized, she no longer was. 
She sat on the couch sipping coffee, watching Alexandra dressing her Barbie dolls on the floor in front of the TV, feeling truly hungry for the first time in a long time. 
Alexandra looked up. “Mommy, can’t we turn this boring news off? I wanna watch my shows.”
Reaching for the remote, Anne said, “Sure baby, this is boring old news, huh?” Just as she was about to click the channel button, a shaky video feed of a building apparently on fire flicked on the screen. The anchor announced breaking news. There had been some kind of explosion at the World Trade Towers in New York City. 
Anne leaned forward, eyes narrowing. That’s an awful lot of smoke.
Alexandra whined when she saw the look of interest suddenly on her mother’s face. “Mahh-ma, you said I could watch my shows!”
“Hold on a sec, babe. Look at that building. It’s on fire, or something.”
Alexandra looked at the TV, and her eyes grew wider. “Ooh, what’s wrong?”
“I … don’t know. They say a plane might have crashed into it. Good lord.”
Anne and Alexandra watched in silence for a few minutes. Alexandra’s eyebrows drew ever closer together as her nose drew closer to the TV screen. “That’s lots’a smoke, Mama. There people in there? They gonna be okay in there?”
Anne shook her head slowly, then seeing the look of fear on Alexandra’s face, smiled. “I’m sure they’re getting out. You know, they have fire escapes and the firemen will rescue them too. They’ll be okay, baby doll.”
As the minutes ticked by, and the smoke rose up and trailed away from the building in a billowing column, Anne wondered if that were true. The black gash in the side of the building seemed to smile wickedly. The grey smoke rolled and boiled though no flames could be seen. What kind of firey Hell must be raging within, she wondered. 
“Ooh, another plane!” Alexandra pointed to the tiny white plane which clearly streaked into view from the upper right corner of the screen. It seemed to be traveling awfully fast. The camera shot cut away to a different, closer angle of the building, and the plane was lost. Moments later, it appeared from the right of the screen, looking much bigger now as it flew directly toward the building. Anne had just enough time to wonder if this was normal before a jet of orange flame shot straight out of the building.
Anne gave a tiny shriek and raised both hands to her mouth. “Oh my God!”
Alexandra turned to Anne. “What, Mama? What happened?”
Anne’s hands still covered her mouth. She shook her head. “I think that plane just crashed into the building.”
Alexandra looked back at the TV in silence. 
Over and over the footage was shown. A giant orange fireball ballooned out and crawled up the side of the building to the top, where it was engulfed in an ever larger, billowing cloud of smoke. The charcoal cloud rose, as if spewed forth from a volcano, and drifted lazily over the Manhattan cityscape. 
“Mama, you was on a plane like that yes’erday?” Alexandra turned and looked at Anne. Her eyes were wide and bright and scared. 
Anne nodded.
Alexandra turned back to the TV and pointed. “I glad you not on that plane.”
Looking at the back of Alexandra’s head, at the brown, downy hair which curled in wispy ringlets at the ends just brushing her shoulders, Anne saw the head of her newborn baby. For a moment, she was transported back in time, the vision so clear that all else faded away. 
~~~~~
Anne sat in the rocker in her hospital room. She looked down at her new daughter’s head, at the pink, vulnerable flesh of her scalp peeking through the silky strands of hair. 
Anne lifted her up and pressed her lips to Alexandra’s forehead. The tangy, marine scent of newborn life intoxicated her. 
The smell of Heaven. 
The smell of God. 
Anne breathed it in and let it fill every fiber of her soul. In her arms, she held the reason for her existence. This was her life, and she would never let it go. 
~~~~~
Anne blinked her eyes. Alexandra still pointed to the TV with one hand, the other held straight out beside her, curled in a tight little fist. 
Anne hopped up from the couch and running over to Alexandra, picked her up and hugged her fiercely, tears falling from her eyes. “Baby doll, I’m glad I wasn’t on that plane, too.”
Chapter 58
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
~Friedrich Nietzsche
~~~~~
After a fitful day watching coverage of the terrorist attacks, Anne collapsed on her bed for a fitful night of sleep. Alexandra lay curled beside her, Anne’s arm draped around her waist. 
Dan’s heart had ached as he watched the destruction, the pointless loss of life which would not lead anyone to victory. He thought about puddles, and he wondered what would happen to the murderers on those planes. Sit around as globs of meaningless goo, on the edges of eternity? 
But he also felt a pulse quickening surge of triumph when he heard Anne tell Alexandra she was glad to be alive. Anne’s spirit had been on fire, inflamed with the desire for life, even if only for a moment. And those flames had touched Dan’s spirit. Rale had been wrong. Dan’s spirit did not need to darken with despair for him to feel her. Her spirit needed to long for life, real, hard life. When she did that, their spirits were alike.
Of course, Dan realized it wouldn’t be that simple. But that moment had been a step for her. A step out of darkness. It would be Alexandra, after all. She would be the one to save her. 
Rale was not beside Anne on the bed, as he usually was. He sat on the floor, hidden in the dark except for the faint outline of his body. 
Dan stood in the doorway watching the heat from her spirit cool as she fell into slumber. He glanced at Rale. “Does the heat burn you?”
“No.”
“Then why do you sit there? Away from her? You said you would never leave her.”
Rale stood and disappeared in the darkness, only his piercing blue eyes could be seen. “I said I would not leave her unless she asked me to go.” 
“Has she?”
“No…Not yet.” Rale took a step forward, his black cloak of shadows swirling around him. “Are you going to leave her?”
Dan looked in his eyes for a moment, no longer afraid of him. He nodded. “Yes, Rale. Come with me. There is nothing for you here.” Dan held his hand out toward him. 
Rale took another step, but then dropped his gaze. 
Dan lowered his hand. “You don’t need Tar’s forgiveness. All you need to do is forgive yourself.”
“No. That’s not all I need.” When he raised his head, Dan saw the same look of compassion he had seen in Rale’s eyes before. Wild and desperate, the look penetrated Dan and sent a cool spark rushing through his spirit. 
“Rale,” Dan said. “What would you have done to me back at Sean’s apartment? When you were going to touch me? Would you have hurt me?”
Rale’s lips trembled slightly and turned up in a tiny smile. “No. I would never hurt you.”
“Then what? What would have happened?” 
“You would have remembered.”
“Remembered what?”
Rale shook his head and receded back into the darkness. “It doesn’t matter now. You’re leaving and where you’re going there are no more questions. Everything will be revealed.”
Dan took a step toward Rale, heart pounding, ears ringing. “It matters to me now. What would you have shown me?” 
Rale cocked his head to one side. “I would have shown you what Tar saw when he first met you.”
“How do you know what he saw?”
“Because I saw the same thing.”
Dan didn’t say anything, but neither would he drop his gaze. Slowly, he saw the hardness in Rale’s face soften, his eyes relaxed, he sighed. “Tar and I weren’t drawn to you by sheer luck. Did you think we were?”
Dan furrowed his eyebrows. “Tar said he heard me calling out for help.”
Rale nodded. “True. He’s heard a lot of those cries over the years. They wake him up. But, it was more than just that with you.”
Dan held his hand out toward Rale and took another step closer, backing Rale into the corner. “Show me what you saw.”
Rale looked at Anne for a moment, and then back at Dan as if deciding something. “All right.” He reached forward and wrapped his hands around Dan’s forehead. 
A black veil dropped over Dan’s vision and he was momentarily dizzy, not sure which way was up or down. Warmth flowed over his head and trickled down his body like a hot shower. He inhaled the moist heat and opened his eyes. 
Dan’s hand was still outstretched, but it looked different now. It was small like a child’s hand and dark brown. He pointed to a boy who was running away. Dan cried. Another boy ran up beside him and put his arms around him. 
“It’s okay,” the boy said. “Desi will come back.” 
As the shower of heat moved down Dan’s body, it washed him away, nestling him into a recessed corner of a forgotten dream. 
As though rising from a pool, Angelica broke the surface with a shimmering ripple and rose up. The memory clear, the black veil lifted. She looked at her hands. The hands of a woman. The veil before her eyes was white now, as was the gown she wore. Her wedding gown. Her groom stood before her and she smiled. “Amadeo.” 
Rale shook his head. His eyes grew misty. “No.”
Angelica lifted the veil over her head. Then she took Rale’s hands in her own. “Yes. I remember. You are my Amadeo. It is time for you to come home.”
Rale blinked and tears fell from his eyes and ran down his face. “It’s my fault you died.”
“I forgive you.” 
“My brother …” 
“You don’t need his forgiveness,” she said, gently shaking her head. “Forgive yourself and let go of him.” She lifted herself up on tip toes and wrapped her arms around his neck. She pulled him toward her and kissed him, the taste of his salty tears mixing with her spirit. She gently brushed the tears away and smiled. “Weep not, my husband, for I have been to the white shores. There we will be reunited. It will be but a moment, and all of eternity will lie before us. I came back to find you, and here you are. Now I will save you.”
Rale gave a trembling sigh and whispered, “Thank you.” 
Angelica felt Rale moving away from her, felt a tightness around her forehead. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. A cool breeze moved over her skin, and as if waking from a deep sleep, she felt a distant sensation of awareness creeping through her mind. Dizziness tugged on her body as she faded away into a haze of forgotten memory. 
Dan opened his eyes and blinked. 
Rale took his hands off Dan’s head and looked away. 
For several moments Dan was disoriented. He was himself again, yet all of his past life as Angelica lay before him now. Her childhood, love, grief, betrayal, death. He looked into the eyes of the man she had loved. 
Dan took a step back, his legs weak. Holding his hands up in front of him, he examined them. They looked like his own hands again. He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. The memories, which at first seemed so real, were now fading into a dream-like, gauzy shadow. Yet the understanding remained. 
“Rale,” he said, his voice trembling. “Why didn’t you tell me before?” 
Rale sighed. “Tar didn’t want you to remember. He’s afraid. I…I’m sorry.”
“I…don’t know what to say.” Dan looked down at his hands, his real hands now. These were the hands that had so many times rubbed his eyes and his face in a feeble attempt to rub away the tension, fear, unrelenting anxiety. At times, he had wanted to rub away his face, his very existence. 
What existence was there left of him now? 
A tiny voice broke the silence. “Hi Dan.” Alexandra sat up in the bed, looking at him. 
Dan smiled. “Hi Alexandra.” 
She crawled to the end of the bed and looked over toward Rale. “I know you.” 
Rale inhaled sharply and then went over to her and kneeled beside her, tears welling in his eyes and spilling over. “You do?”
Alexandra cocked her head to one side, a puzzled look on her face. “Why you cry? You hurt?”
Rale clenched the down comforter in his hands. “I-I-”
Alexandra put her hands over his. “You’re a good boy, Amadeo. You go home now.” 
Rale let out a shaky sigh and bowed his head. Alexandra patted him on the head as he faded away into coiling darkness. She giggled as she watched the shadow slip away. Then she looked up at Dan, eyes sparkling with joy. “You going home, too, Dan? You saying bye now?”
Dan sat beside her on the end of the bed and nodded. “I didn’t want to leave you and your mother before. But I think I’m ready now. I’m sorry that I died, Alexandra. I love you.” 
“I love you too, Dan.” Alexandra turned to look at Anne for a moment and then back at Dan. “Mama be okay now. Last time, we bof died, and she never got to grow up, poor baby. But I’ll take care of her real good this time.”
Dan hugged her, burying his face in her soft, downy hair. Breathing in the smell of her. “I know you will, sweetie.”
Anne’s sleepy voice called out. “Hey baby, what’cha doing down there? Come back up here before you fall off the bed.” 
Alexandra leaned up and kissed Dan’s cheek and whispered, “Bye bye Dan.” 
Chapter 59
Anne leaned down, picked up her sleepy daughter, and laid her down beside her in the bed. “Who were you talking to, sweetie?”
Alexandra’s eyes sparkled. “Dan! You was right, Mama, he’s dead. Now he’s leaving. I said it was okay. That’s okay, right Mama?”
A sharp pain zinged through Anne’s chest and her eyes darted around the dark room. He’s leaving? No! Wait. Dan, are you here? Don’t leave me.
“Mama?”
Anne squeezed Alexandra and smiled. “Yes, baby. Of course that’s all right. Dan’s in Heaven and that’s a good place. He’ll be just fine there.”
As Alexandra drifted back to sleep, Anne’s thoughts raced. She suddenly felt like she was suffocating. Was Dan really leaving? Had he really been with her the whole time? Or did Alexandra just have an overly active imagination? And she wondered if it even mattered if he were there or not. 
Real, or illusion? 
Life, or death? 
Dan, or Alexandra? 
The memory of her fleeting passion for life faded from her. It wouldn’t be that easy, she realized, but maybe she had taken her first step. Perhaps she could try living without Dan after all. Her eyes fluttered and drooped as the velvety darkness of night drew her down into its depth. 
“Anne.” Rale’s soft voice startled her. 
More illusion?
“Anne,” he whispered again. “I’m here.”
Anne breathed a sigh of relief, and turning her head slightly, she saw him sitting beside her on the bed. She sat up. “There you are. I thought maybe I had imagined you.”
He smiled softly and said, “Maybe you have imagined me the whole time.”
Anne’s eyes narrowed and her heart fluttered. A sinking feeling tugged at her abdominal cavity. “You’re leaving me too, aren’t you? Now that I’m getting better, my sanity is returning, isn’t it?”
He reached out and touched her face with the back of his hand. The coolness of his touch slid down her cheek and neck. He followed it with his gaze and then looked up into her eyes. “I promised I wouldn’t leave you.” 
As Anne looked from him to the sleeping form of her daughter, she realized that she could no longer hold onto both of them. Whatever Rale was, it was no more than the memory of a dead man. And no matter how hard she had tried, there was nothing of that memory to hold onto. She had groped in the dark for so long that the darkness had almost consumed her. “You promised not to leave me unless I asked you to go.”
Rale’s searching gaze froze. “Anne––”
She shook her head and put a finger to his lips. “Rale, it’s time for you to go. In a strange kind of way I love you. But I don’t need you anymore. I belong here, but you don’t. I understand that now.”
Rale bowed his head and grasped her hands in his own. “You’re such a young spirit, Anne. You have so much living left to do.” 
“Are you taking Dan with you?”
Rale shook his head. “He’s taking me with him. He saved me, Anne. I wanted you to know that.”
Anne smiled. “Are you going to be happy now, Rale? Are you going to Heaven?”
Rale nodded. “I think so.”
Chapter 60
O Lord! Ooh, you are so big! So absolutely huge. Gosh, we’re all really impressed down here, I can tell you.
~ Monty Pyhon, The Meaning of Life
~~~~~
Dan led Rale back to the edge of the lake, for he remembered the way now as if he had traveled it many times before. When they stopped beside the water Dan said, “What now, Rale? Jump in?”
Rale shook his head and pointed to the woods off to the right. “No. We need to go in there.”
“Okay, what are we waiting for?” he said as he began walking toward the trees. “Let’s go.” After a few steps he stopped and turned to Rale, who hadn’t moved. “What is it?”
Rale hesitated before answering. “Nothing. Let’s go.” 
As they approached the forest, Dan saw that what had appeared as tumbling fireflies before was actually a golden light twinkling from behind the trees. The light seemed to dance as the branches and leaves fluttered before it in a warm, gingery breeze. The smell of fresh baked sweet potatoes caressed his senses and wrapped his spirit in a blanket of warmth. This is what Heaven smells like? How perfect. 
At the edge of the forest, the narrow shore of land cradled an edge of frothy, white waves which stretched out into a wide sea of blue. Dan ran his eyes along the rocky shore and out toward the calm, azure waters. In the distance, the golden light of a swollen, heavy sun set over gleaming white shores. 
Dan inhaled sharply and turned away, fearful of the light. He shielded his eyes with one hand and looked at Rale. “Is that real Heaven?”
Rale looked at his feet and nodded. The darkness which seemed always to cling to him was illuminated. Glimmering shadows curled and wrapped closer around him. Dan squinted at the coalescing fog which rose up from Rale like steam off hot pavement. Even as it rose up, it seemed to try in vain to reach back down, toward him. But the radiant, golden light was stronger, and bit by shadowy bit, the darkness seared away. Rale stood, with his head bowed, body hunched over slightly, his arms wrapped protectively around him.
Dan touched his shoulder. “Rale, what are you afraid of here?”
Rale lifted his eyes. “I’m afraid that I’m not good enough. Of all the things I did, the worst of me was here, at the end. With you. I wanted Anne to die, Dan. I thought if she died, you would let her go and remember Angelica. I wanted you to remember. . And I hated you because of that. But most of all, I hated myself” His chin trembled and he took a deep breath. “And now, we’re going to go in there together, and Angelica will see all of me.” 
Dan sighed. “It’s okay, I understand. And the truth is, I wanted her to die too. I wanted to be with her so badly…but I forgive myself. And I forgive you. Soon, there will be no more separation and no more questions. I understand that now. But right here, right now, I’m not Angelica, I’m Dan. Just plain Dan. And we aren’t going in there together. You’re going alone. I’m not quite finished here yet.”
Rale blinked his watery eyes, and nodded. His body relaxed, his arms fell down to his side, and he stood up straight. Closing his eyes, he began walking toward the water. With only the slightest hesitation, he waded out up to his knees. The silvery sheen of the water seemed to caress him and coalesce around him. He turned back to Dan, all the shadows fell away, and the radiant spirit shone forth at last. He smiled. “I hope you bring Desi back with you. Tell him I forgive him.” And with no more hesitation, he slipped down under the water and was gone. 
Dan watched the water silently for a moment, and then he began to feel as though someone was watching him as well. Turning around, he was not surprised to see Tar in the distance. As he walked over to him, he thought back to that time which now seemed so long ago, when he first met Tar. He had thought Tar an angel, maybe even God. Thought him wise and powerful and perfect. And he realized now that it was because Tar was not any of those things, that he loved him all the more. 
As Dan approached, Tar chuckled, “I see you finally got that little blighter to go.”
Dan nodded. “Yes, and I think it’s time for you to go as well. Don’t you?”
Tar shrugged and sighed. “Perhaps.” 
Silence, the muffled kind which drapes a blanket around all a person’s senses, descended upon them. It was a heavy silence, weighted down with the burden of loneliness and grief. 
Tar would never leave this place. 
“Tar, Rale wanted me to tell you that he forgives you, and…he showed me…well, he showed me who I was before. I remember Angelica now. He touched me, and I remembered. She forgave Rale. If you want, I could…” He reached out toward Tar, but Tar stepped away.
“No,” Tar said, shaking his head, terror in his eyes. “Leave me alone.” 
And with no theatrics at all, he vanished into thin air. 
Chapter 61
Don’t let go too soon and don’t hang on too long.
~ Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie 
~~~~~
A few days had passed since September 11th. The stories of victim’s heroic struggles for life against impossible odds fueled Anne’s feelings of shame over her wanton disregard for her own life. It’s not that she was cured of her grief, or even her desire for death, but she was ashamed of it. Ashamed that she would so willingly give in to that grief, abandon her daughter just like Dan had abandoned her. 
Watching the video of helpless victims forced at flames edge to jump from hundreds of feet up, for a last few, fleeting moments of glorious life made her realize just how precious and fragile life really was. Those people did not want to die. They were pushed from those ledges of scorching metal and now instead of wishing she could join them, what Anne desperately wished, was that she could have caught them. 
She imagined the cruel hand of fate, grasping her daughter in its clutches, from the other side of a wall of flame. As Anne tried to reach through the fire, fate reached out and shoved her. Instead of release, she felt anger. And instead of an overwhelming desire for sleep, she felt an increasing need to talk to Chris. His words echoed in her mind over and over. “I don’t want to die anymore. I want to live. And I want you to live too.” It was time for her to make that choice. To ask for help or walk out the door. 
Maybe she could try to forgive Dan. More than that, maybe she could try to forgive herself. “Dan,” she said to her empty apartment, “I don’t know if you can hear me or not…I would have done anything for you. I’m sorry you didn’t know that. There were a lot of things that I missed, a lot of things that I did wrong. I…I’m sorry you died...but, it wasn’t my fault. I know I probably won’t believe that tomorrow, but right now, right this second, I know it’s true. You left me, Dan... You walked out the door. There were a lot of things that you missed too... I gave you signs…and you missed them…But I forgive you. I still love you, and I know I’ll always miss you. But I’m going to try and let you go now.”
It had been almost four months since Dan died. Maybe long enough to try and start a life over again. When she called Chris that night, she had a smile on her face, and for the first time since Dan’s death, hope in her heart. 
Part 5
Letting go. 
Tar told me I had to do it the first time I ever met him. 
Only, it really wasn’t the first time, was it? 
When I think of Angelica now, I remember her, but it’s like remembering a dream. At first, it was clear, and it was real. Now, it feels like a million miles away. I suppose I let go of Angelica, and I wonder why Tar won’t as well. 
I understand now why it’s called letting go. 
Because it’s like opening your hands when they are gripping so tightly, that your nails are digging into your flesh. When the thing you hold onto is being crushed, and blood is dripping down your arms.
Sometimes, when you have gripped your hands so tightly, for so long, they become frozen. When we were kids we would squeeze our hands in tight fists until they became paralyzed, and then laugh as we tried in vain to open them again. 
Sometimes, you don’t want to let go of something because you’re afraid that if you do, you’ll fall and get hurt. But sometimes, holding on is what makes you fall down. 
Sometimes, you don’t want to let go of something even though it’s hurting your hand. Because if you let go of it, it might be able to get at your throat, or your heart. Those can be the hardest things to let go of. 
Sometimes, you don’t want to let go of something because then it will fall away from you, and you might lose it forever. And sometimes you do lose it forever. 
On Earth, we try to make it more complicated than it really is. And I think the reason we do that, is because we simply don’t want to open our hands.
But when we open our hands, and our nails come out of our flesh, and this thing falls away from us, we can reach out, and take the hand of someone else. Maybe we can help them pry their nails out of their own flesh. 
We can raise our hands up, fingers splayed wide, and we are free. 
~ Dan
Chapter 62
Dear Dan,
One time I asked you if you preferred Dan or Daniel, do you remember? You told me you preferred Daniel. But you always called yourself Dan. I wonder why? 
I keep thinking if I can find the answer to the question about your name, I will find the answer to the question about your death.
I told you I would start calling you Daniel if you wanted, and you said you did. But you died just a few days after that conversation. And I didn’t have enough time to get used to saying it. Now, it’s too late. You will always be Dan to me.
I wish you were Daniel to me. 
I wish you would have been Daniel from the moment we first met.
I wish I would have been able to know the man you wanted to be. But I will always love the man that you were. 
The mystery of your death will always be contained in that single word - Dan - forever inscribed upon my heart.
~ Anne 
Chapter 63
Consider how a being, in the world of the womb, was deaf of ear and blind of eye, and mute of tongue; how he was bereft of any perceptions at all. But once out of that world of darkness, he passed into this world of light, then his eye saw, his ear heard, his tongue spoke. In the same way, once he hath hastened away from this mortal place into the kingdom of God, then he will be born in the spirit; then the eye of his perception will open, the ear of his soul will hearken, and all the truths of which he was ignorant before will be made plain and clear.
~ Abdu’l-Baha (teachings of the Baha’i Faith)
~~~~~
That night when Anne fell asleep, Alexandra nestled in the crook of her arm, she dreamed. 
She waited in the lobby of a grand hotel, just in front of the giant gold revolving door. The door was so heavy and so grand, that a person had to lean on it and push with their feet in order to get it moving. 
Anne waited. 
The ceiling stretched high above her, the highly polished marble floor gleamed beneath her. 
She watched the door and waited. 
Rich, red velvet furniture adorned the lobby. Chandeliers which sparkled in the amber glow of Tiffany lamps hung from the intricately designed ceiling. She could see all of these things from the corner of her eye, but she watched only the door. 
Waiting. For what or who, she did not know. 
There were many people who came through the door. They struggled to push it, leaning heavily on it, as the door slowly built up momentum and speed. At first, they would struggle, hunched over, straining against the weight of the door. 
But by the time it deposited them in the lobby, they were standing straight and tall. Sometimes they didn’t even have to touch the door any more, for the initial force was more than enough to keep it moving on its own. Sometimes, they would be going so fast by the time the door reached the lobby that they hopped quickly inside, as the other door panels swung around behind them. 
There were other people who seemed hesitant. They looked at the door from the outside. Some tried to look into the lobby. Most eventually undertook the task of pushing the heavy door, but a few must have decided they didn’t want to come into the hotel after all and walked away. 
Some people walked right on past the door without even seeming to notice it at all. 
But she was not waiting for any of these people. 
Upon entering the lobby, most of the people walked past her, and where they went after that, Anne didn’t know. To the front desk to check in, she supposed. But for some reason, she couldn’t turn around herself to look for them. 
It didn’t matter anyway, so she watched the door and waited. 
A few of the people didn’t seem to know where to go once they got inside. They wandered around. Looked up at the chandeliers. Sat on the velvet couches. Some appeared to be napping, their heads bowed, eyes closed. Some seemed to just be wandering. Reaching out to touch a crystal which dangled from a Tiffany lamp. Pressing their noses up against the floor to ceiling glass windows in the front wall, which looked out onto the grey, fuzzy street beyond. 
Anne thought she should tell them the front desk was behind her, but she had the idea that they wouldn’t be able to hear her. 
Golden globes of shimmering luminescence floated around the lobby. They zipped out through the revolving doors like light passing through a window. When they got outside they streaked away, disappearing into the dark night beyond. 
And then she saw Tar outside the floor to ceiling window. The light outside was dark, and he was just a shadowy figure. Mournful and alone, he looked in at her and his face was sad and faraway. And yet, there was a longing in his eyes as well. As though, perhaps, he hoped she would recognize him. 
Anne smiled. Is this who I’m waiting for? She waved for him to come in. 
Tar smiled back and raised his hand up to the glass, resting his fingertips on it. 
No, Anne thought, I’m not waiting for Tar. Her smile faded, and she lowered her hand. 
The door stopped moving. A soft, quiet descended on the hotel lobby. Anne wondered who or what it was she was waiting for, and she thought maybe it wasn’t coming after all. How long should I wait? 
The people in the lobby with her faded away. As she watched the door, a man approached. He stopped briefly beside Tar and seemed to whisper in his ear. 
Tar looked at the man, lightly touched his face, and then shook his head. 
The man looked over at Anne. Then with no more hesitation, he pushed on the door. He pushed with such force, that it quickly gained momentum. Suddenly he was standing before her. 
Dan. 
He didn’t say anything, but he smiled. And then, Anne remembered that he was dead. And she understood that he was here to say goodbye. Anne knew that she was asleep, but she also knew that this wasn’t a dream. For one brief moment she understood that all she knew of reality had been the dream. This was real. Dan had never been so alive.
“I’ve been waiting for you,” she said to him. 
Dan caressed her face, his spirit entwined with her own. The warmth of his touch radiated into her body and she smiled. 
“I know,” he said. “I got lost, but now I know the way home.”
Anne touched his hand. “I thought I would wait here for you, and then we could go together.” 
Dan reached down and took both of her hands. Anne thought she could relax her body, and melt into him. 
“No,” he said, “you can’t come with me. Time to let go.” 
She knew immediately, that he was right. He was going where all the other people had gone. Behind her. Where she couldn’t look and couldn’t go. Dan would be okay there.
She nodded. “Yes. Time to let go.” 
Anne released Dan’s hands, and as he turned to walk past her, she saw reflected in his eyes a peace and a perfection which she had never seen in her waking or dreaming life. 
The light of a million lives past, and a million lives yet to come. 

About the Author


Hello, my name is Carrie Lange. I didn’t originally have this section in my book because I didn’t feel there was too much about myself that was worth mentioning. But many people have asked me how much of this story is real and how much is made up. 
So, to get directly to it, every “real” thing that happens in this story is true and pretty much exactly as I experienced it (except the part about Dan joking that our names rhymed…though he did make an extremely lame joke at that moment), and a fair bit of the “supernatural” parts as well – at least as far as Anne’s story goes. 
There really was a Tar and Rale in my life, though whether they were hallucinations or real spirits, who can say? They came into my life just as written. Granted, my interactions with Rale were not quite as concrete as Anne’s, but yes…he looked like Brad Dourif. And my daughter really did tell me that Dan was with his friend named Tar, and that night I dreamed of him…and yes, he looked like Alan Rickman! And Tar did in fact save me from pulling the trigger just as described in the story.
Of course, everything about Dan in the afterlife is pure fantasy, although I like to think that he, and maybe even Tar and Rale, were giving me inspiration. I often felt them around me as I was writing.
People have found it hard to believe the seemingly callous reactions Anne receives from those around her following Dan’s death. When I was writing this book, I did not tell readers who were critiquing for me that it was based on my real life because I didn’t want them to go easy on me. Over and over I was told that it wasn’t believable how people were treating Anne and that I needed to add some more compassionate people around her in order to make it realistic. 
Please trust me when I say that I did tone it down…quite a bit…The truth is that people treated me with even more callousness and insensitivity than I portrayed in this book. I felt it was important to show the reality often faced by those who are grieving, especially if the death was from suicide, or something else that people feel the grieving person could have prevented. 
The other reason I did not get support from those around me was because I was suffering from “disenfranchised grief”. This means the grief is not recognized by those around you. You are not entitled to your grieving for a variety of reasons. For me, it was a combination of the fact that Dan was not my husband but “only her boyfriend”, and the fact that he committed suicide, which carries its own stigma.
I wanted to portray the real experiences of a desperately grieving person, and the aftermath of a suicide. I want people to see just how messy it is. When a person commits suicide, their pain doesn’t end. They just hand it over to the people who love them the most. When someone dies, the pain and grief doesn’t end for those closest to that person when the funeral ends. The worst is just beginning for them. 
I live in the Seattle area with my husband, who I met just as you have read. I changed almost everyone’s name for this story, but I let Dan and Kim - my husband’s late fiancée - keep their names. Whether intentional or not, they did bring us together, and we named our son, Daniel Markim, in honor of them both. 
My daughter is now a teenager, and battling with her own depression. She has struggled with self-harm and thoughts of suicide. 
Every year in America, 37,000 people take their own lives. That is over 100 people every day.
Day after day.
Week after week.
Year upon year.
Over, and over…and over.
For every completed suicide, eleven other people attempt it. That’s over 400,000 people. 400,000 different people. Every year.
One can only assume that for all those numbers, there are countless more who wish for it, dream of it, “If only I could…” they may wistfully ponder. Alone. In the dark. In the quiet, solitary recesses of their despair.
Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in America and has surpassed motor vehicle accidents as the #1 cause of death by physical injury. Yet society as a whole attempts to hide it away, perhaps into those same, solitary recesses from whence it is born. The stigma of mental illness kills. It killed Dan.
My daughter, through her struggle to understand her own depression, kept asking me about Dan's death. This book first began as my way of explaining to her an unexplainable act.
If you, or someone you care about is depressed, whether suicidal or not, you need two things: medical help and hope. I can’t give anyone medical help, but it is my aim, with my blog and with my book, to provide some hope. Hope not just for them, but also for the many tens of thousands more suicide survivors. The victims of suicide left behind to deal with not just grief, but guilt and shame. Burdens which they often have to shoulder alone, cut off from a world which may look on them with uncomfortable eyes, or worse yet, accusing eyes.
If you are suicidal due to grief, as I was, the world has no idea what you are going through. You are drowning, and no one is even looking at you. Ask for help. Find a support group. The pain will lesson. But you will not lose your loved one again when it does. Nothing will take them away from you. Not time. Not another lover or child or friend. It’s okay to go on living when they are dead. Nothing will take what remains of them away from you.
If it were within my power, I would take each and every one of those 100 people who die every day at their own hands and put my arms around them and tell them, “Hang on for one more day. Life means hope. You are worth saving. Don’t give up.”
If you are reading this, I will say it to you:
Here is the sign you are looking for.
Hang on for one more day.
Life means hope.
You are worth saving.
Don’t give up.
Don’t give up.
Please. Don’t give up.
 
Subscribe to my blog: http://littleblogoflettinggo.com/
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/CarrieLange
Like me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/littlepageoflettinggo
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/langecarrie
Dedication
This book is dedicated to the memory of Daniel Leonard Rieske and Kimberly Hildebrandt Bunting. 
It is my ardent hope that this story may give pause to anyone contemplating suicide, if only long enough for them to ask for help. 
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 
1-800-273-8255 
www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org
It is also my hope that this story may open eyes. There may be someone in your life right now who is suffering silently from grief or depression and you don’t even realize it. 
Put your arms around them and let them know that you are there. 
Thank you. 
Acknowledgements 
I would like to thank my daughter, Kendra Lange, who was my true inspiration for writing this story. “Why?” you always asked me. Why did the man who taught you how to eat Oreo cookies, color with pastels, and paint Easter eggs leave you? Here, in this story, is my only answer.
To my best friend, George Bridges, you supported me when no one else did. I was lost, and you came and found me. 
To my husband, Mark Atteberry, you saved my life. All the pennies are gone, but you are still here.
To the Rieske family: Sharon, Bill, Tegan, Roxanne, thank you for welcoming me into your family. I would not give up one moment of my time with Dan to erase the enormity of the pain caused by his loss.
To Detective Brad Corcoran, the real life detective who comforted me the day after Dan’s death. You showed me such compassion that day. More honest, no strings-attached, nothing to gain, compassion then I received from anyone else. I will never forget you. 
And finally, to my son, Daniel Markim Atteberry, you are the phoenix that arose out of the ashes of our despair. You are the happy ending to a sad story.
Special thanks to Chris Skoglund, Monterey Sirak, Rick Ellrod, and Nadine Ducca. The insight, encouragement, and expertise of these four exceptional authors inspired me to keep writing even through the most discouraging of days. 
