


The Burning Tree
Eli O. Paige
Copyright 2014 Eli O. Paige
Smashwords Edition

Connect with Eli on Twitter

Eli’s Smashwords Profile

eli.olivia.paige@gmail.com




Part 2



Chapter 10



Fredrick and the 13’s



Two Nights Before
Under the noise of the crowd and the rumbling Tolus, Fredrick and the 13’s left the stage behind King So-Vah.  Each 13 was dressed the same.  They had long hooded traveling cloaks covered by a web of rope and bark.  Across their backs were strapped long stuffed bags with everything they thought they would need for the trip. In his bag, Fredrick had a thin blanket, his obsidian knife, snacks of dried meat and fruit and a couple packages of baking he snuck away from Marmel and Nova. 
King So-Vah had surprised everyone.  He had just announced to the crowd that he would lead the annual journey of the 13’s.  Taking off his crown and the large ornaments around his neck, he had dressed for the trip.  Fredrick saw that behind his cloak was strapped a bag with a long engraved handle sticking out from the top.  
Fredrick was stunned at the King’s sudden announcement and his swift departure behind them. As the 13’s sputtered out after So-Vah, Fredrick stood too long in front of the crowds.  With a graceless turn he stumbled after them.
In the clearing behind the stage, the line of 13’s cut through piles of small waving snowflakes and watermelons. The adults, still dressed in the heaping Olin outfits, tried to gather the children in some kind of order.  Grabbing a snowflake or watermelon with one thick brushy arm, one Olin waved at the 13’s with the other.  Fredrick smiled.  He remembered the friendly people underneath the costumes.
Fredrick glimpsed at Marmel and Nova through the swirl of kids as he swept by them.  He noticed Marmel had changed out of his costume and looked eagerly in his direction.  But without looking over, he followed the rest to an opening under a cluster of light flowers.  One by one the 13’s funnelled out into the shadows of the forest.
The noise of the crowd faded behind them with the pace set by So-Vah.  Fredrick struggled to follow on the dark winding path as the brush swept past his arms and legs.  They traveled without stopping until Fredrick tired and fell further behind the column of 13’s.  The cheers from the crowd levelled to a hush and were finally drowned by the gentle breeze through the leaves.  
Fredrick wheezed as he ran. Just trying to clog his feet over the roots and stones of the path, he looked up and saw light between the long shadowed trunks.  
The trail suddenly opened and Fredrick fell into a clearing with a stream to one side. The 13’s were standing and resting as So-Vah climbed into the branches of a tall tree that stuck out over the water.  From its roots that wound out of the stream, a moss covered the tree far up its trunk.  Its branches were bare and dry.  They reached out over the clearing with a few light flowers dangling from the boughs. 
Some of the others glared back at Fredrick as the King snapped off a branch with a hollow crack. So-Vah then descended the boughs and gently soaked the limb in the stream.  Taking it out, he held the branch and grabbed a few clinging light flowers that hung low overhead.  
‘This is a Hollum tree,’ So-Vah said as he started to wrap the vines of the flowers around and through the cracks in the branch.  ‘When it dies, its dried limbs have an amazing ability to hold water.’ Finishing his ties, he snapped the twigs off its sides to form a long crooked pole.  As the King thudded the staff on the ground, the glow from the flowers shone brighter than before.
‘The light will not last forever,’ So-Vah continued, ‘but it should lead us out of the forest.  Take a moment to rest and drink a little from the stream.  We still have a long way to go tonight.’
The 13’s quietly lined to take a drink from the water.  As they started to finish, So-Vah left again without a word through the clearing on the other side.  The 13’s quickly funnelled out after him to follow the light from his staff.
Fredrick was thirsty.  But he waited to be the last to take a drink from the stream. He stood for a moment awkwardly behind Cover and two of his friends, Seral and Nal.  They moved forward at such a sluggish pace that Fredrick knew they were just trying to slow him down so he could fall behind again.  He could hear Seral’s sneering snicker as Nal glanced back at him through her long red hair.  Cover was no doubt grinning.  When Cover smiled at him, it was always wide and devilish.
Cover was the older brother of Marmel’s friend, Oreole.  He was the top student of Avel’s and bound to be an excellent Birdman.  Cover was one of the few 13’s who could wake up an Arlow, let alone control it in the air.  Seral was an unwillingly good Watcher.  While he complained constantly, he could sit awake in a Tolen tree longer that most.  Nal was a decent Tolu Ryder.  While not the best, it was what she was good at.  She would instantly fall asleep in the Tolen trees and was generally scared of birds. When Fredrick wasn’t around to tease, Cover enjoyed swooping a bird by her head and then running before she could club his shoulder.  
After taking their drinks, they moved aside and hovered over Fredrick.  He hesitated for a moment and scanned their faces for a hint of what they were going to do to him.  Fredrick rushed into a crouch, drank quickly from his cupped hands, and then stood immediately.  As he got up, water dribbled off him and onto the ground.  He didn’t want them to push him in or do something else he couldn’t think of yet.  Rubbing away the water that splashed into his eyes, he noticed Cover, Seral and Nal were gone.  They had rushed away after the rest and were already far ahead of him through the trees.  
Fredrick followed them and struggled to keep So-Vah in sight.  The light of the King’s staff flickered between the trees and curved and fell away before appearing again in the distance.  He twisted through the path and then pushed himself to run as the trail started to roll down hill.  Careful with his footing, and quickly out of breath, he slowed and looked up. The light had stopped again. 
The forest started to open in front of him as he was led downwards.  The long shadows of the trees thinned and were replaced by the countless points of light on the night’s horizon.   
Coming down out of the trees, Fredrick met So-Vah standing alone at the edge of a steep slope.  He was looking over the dark reflecting lake below until he noticed Fredrick approach.
‘Careful as you climb down,’ the King said calmly as the light faded from his staff.  Fredrick looked out over the edge.  He saw Cover and the rest of the 13’s scrambling down.
‘Keep your belly to the rocks and you should be fine,’ So-Vah instructed.  ‘There should be a lot of ridges to put your feet and hands on the way down.’
With a look to the waiting King, Fredrick walked to the edge, turned around, crouched and crawled backward.  Feeling his feet over the drop, he slid them over until they caught onto a small ledge below.  Fredrick started to heave himself down and found the angle of the slope to flatten.  He thought at least he wouldn’t fall clear over the side if he lost his grip.  Maybe he would just roll quickly to the bottom.
In a slow motion, Fredrick grappled down behind the column of 13’s.  He was careful not to slip and finally reached the last ridge before stepping nervously into the group at the bottom.  The King still stood high above them at the edge.  He drove the staff into the ground to leave it wobble at an angle before nimbly reaching his feet down to the first ridge. As the cliff flattened, he turned to them and walked down the slope with one hand grazing the side.  
Fredrick stood amazed with the other 13’s. He thought this couldn’t be the first time he climbed down that ridge.  After many long steps, So-Vah dropped down in the middle of the group and carried through them without a word.  
They turned and noticed they were at the top a hill that ran down to the lake below. So-Vah glided quickly down a trail cut deep in the tall grasses before the 13’s formed a long dark line behind him.  
They wound down to the lake’s edge and hooked around it to the east.  Fredrick tumbled after as the group started to stretch around the lake.
As he followed, he looked up to his left and saw the underside of the Plateau.  Starlight reflected off the lake to ripple underneath of it.  Wind-blown trees held onto a tangle of rocks and dirt with their long winding roots.  Looking back, the line of 13’s was reaching for Drie Forest on the other side of the lake.  
Fredrick suddenly felt the depth of the ground beneath him.  Beside the lake he could feel the ground reach down in layers of rock and sand. 
Then there was a movement underneath his feet. Something inched its way in a layer of earth towards Drie Forest before diving down and out of his thoughts.  
Fredrick quickly put it out of his mind as the group started to disappear into the forest far in front of him.  There he saw a small blue glow.  It flickered between the rows of trees as he rounded closer to Drie.  
The path split away from the lake’s edge and ran straight into the forest.  Before he turned, Fredrick glanced back for a moment and saw High Forest arching over the lake in a great hulking shadow.  In the middle, the light from the King’s staff faded around the glowing white flowers dotting the treetops.  Fredrick imagined a host of Watchers gazing back down at him. 
Looking back, he slowed as a tangle of trees started to tower above him.  He had never set foot in Drie Forest. It grew over an old ruined stone town and everyone knew it was haunted.  People came back with stories of white-eyed bark-covered monsters sitting up in the trees.  Fredrick believed every word.  As he stood still between the first few trees, red orange bugs glinted as they fluttered between the branches.  
Again he felt a crawling beneath him.  It moved from behind and then past before dropping away. Standing quietly for a moment, he imagined things inching forward, and reaching into the forest from the depths below. 
Seeing the trail roll towards the blue light between the trees, Fredrick ran from his thoughts.  As he flew, he saw the crumbled stone walls pass between the trunks.  Behind them drifted the glowing bounce of the bugs. 
He could hear the crackle of the flame in front of him as he lost sight of it for a moment.  Then with a turn he came through the brush and into another clearing.  So-Vah and the 13’s had stopped and gathered around an immense tree with a large blue fire set in front of it.  The fire crackled high above the King.  It burned on a stump of tree that had many roots winding out from the ground.  
The King stood quietly and held an obsidian axe on his shoulder.  Many shards of the reflecting green crystal ran down one side to end over the highly engraved wooden handle.  
The tree behind So-Vah was unlike the knotted bones of the forest.  Its old ashen bark was carved in a channel that wound half way up its immense height.  
Looking behind the 13’s, Fredrick saw small, lighted tents arranged in the shape of a half-moon around the fire.  Some distance away was a large tent for the King.  Its canvas was lighted brilliantly from the inside. 
Stepping into the clearing, Fredrick could sense the earth under his feet drop off into a chasm.  
‘There are enough tents for each of you,’ So-Vah said in a way that shook Fredrick from his thoughts.  ‘Take one and put your bags into it and come back to the fire.’
Fredrick and the other 13’s scattered to the tents.  He found one on the tip of the moon-shape and peeked his head inside.  It was bare except for a mangled light flower wrapped above and few pelts on the ground.  The tent was made of hide and propped with branches staked into the ground.
Placing his bag inside, Fredrick came out and took a seat by the fire.  He made sure he was as far as he could be from Cover, Seral and Nal.  
Sitting down, he felt the warmth of the blue flame.  It was the same type of fire from the sparklers in the festival.  It gave a bit of heat, but was never hot enough to start an actual fire. 
As So-Vah walked around the flame, he looked like a shadow against it.  The jagged pieces of the obsidian on his axe glinted and sent shards of light on the 13’s as they sat and waited.
‘Normally these trips are led by old men that just tell stories in the wilderness,’ So-Vah began.  ‘I’m afraid it will be more of the same from me.’  Then he said flatly, ‘Except tomorrow I will have something to show you.’
The 13’s were restless.  They moved to sit comfortably on the ground.  Fredrick looked around as his eyes became used to the light and saw rows of crumbled walls circling them on all sides.   He tried to imagine what great stone building used to stand here and the strange things the people would have done inside it.
‘You’ve all heard countless stories of the last war with the Arachs,’ So-Vah said over the 13’s. ‘I’ll make you listen to one more.
 ‘After they took over Do-Num, they lit the great tree in the centre of it.  Creatures from every hole and putrid wet hiding place slithered and crawled to that tree and wrapped themselves around every surface of the city.  Above Do-Num, swarms of these dreadful flyers clouded the sky.  You could see them from High Forest.  That reeking humming hoard stayed in the city and then froze to it when winter came on suddenly that year.  It was a mess.’
Fredrick heard some of the others laugh.
‘But what didn’t die from the cold, just slept or waited to be hatched in the catacombs and ancient waterways underneath Do-Num.  They crawled out in the spring and swelled out of the city in these great swirls.  In the centre of each was an Arach Ryder.  They controlled the swirls with some kind of netting made of thin strands of silk.’ 
‘Where do the Arachs come from?’ Fredrick heard Cover ask. 
‘They were people like us,’ So-Vah answered, without looking at him.  ‘They were once just like you.  And looked no different.  First, as children, before they turn, you only tell by their connection with insects.  The child Arach can control them to move and fly in very orderly formations around them.  It’s not until they are much older that their skin starts to change and become the monster that you have all heard about.  The monsters move on from insects. With lines of silk that extend from ever part of their body, Arachs control hordes of creatures.’ 
Fredrick glazed as a thought pushed into his mind.  He remembered times in the Hollow, after Marmel would leave, where lines of insects crawled inside and then around him in perfect swirls.  He thought of a few hours before when practicing his lines for the play.  He saw these flying red bugs above him moving with his hand and then scattering before anyone else noticed.
‘When they are found,’ So-Vah continued over the hush of 13’s.  ‘They are usually sent into exile.  Those that survive in the wilderness alone are hunted and killed before they turn.  
‘The ones from the war must have stayed hidden for years.   When the Arachs crawled out of Do-num, some led huge swirls of beasts and bugs to the southeast and north.  One Arach sent the greatest mass of them west to consume every village on the way to High Forest.
‘When we came upon them in the fields, it was like coming upon an ocean.  With the Ly Ryders holding them from one point, we set our trees in a piercing formation.  We tried to drive at the Arach Ryder in the middle of the swirl.  Behind each v of trees marched a Tolen tree with a Birdman.  They gave us cover from the clouds of flyers the Arachs sent around us.’
Fredrick tried to think of the names of all the creatures from the war.  He never really paid that much attention and thought Marmel knew most of them. Fredrick remembered him often trying to explain. ‘It’s like that thing,’ Marmel would say as he pointed at a nasty rodent or insect.  ‘Except with longer teeth and hair and standing at about your waist if you don’t count the antennae.’
‘But our formations crumbled,’ So-Vah went on. ‘Huge stone-skinned beasts charged our trees, smashing into their roots and branches. They also had these worms, these huge worms, which would wrap themselves around to bore into the trunks.  
‘They even brought fire.  In the hoard were men with insects on the back of their heads.  The bugs would reach their countless legs over most of the men’s faces and shoulders, looking like they stretched the necks of their hosts abnormally long.   The horrible men would then take some kind of ball of tar and light it.  They would light it with a fire that burned blue and orange.  They would just walk towards us like that, with the skin melting off them.  It never seemed to bother them.’
Fredrick looked around at a few crinkled noses at that last detail.  Others looked upwards, not listening, having heard most of this before.
‘With Avel behind our formation, he cut a path to the Arach with a blade of Arlows above us.  We came down on the monster and I broke its spider’s back with one of my branches. I jumped from my Tolu through all the strands of silk around him and then led with my axe,’ So-Vah said, as he took his axe and came down in a cross into the stump behind him.  The fire above it shook.  A few logs that still burned settled with grey blue sparks flickering into the air.
‘As he slumped down in front of me,’ So-Vah continued, ‘his army scattered.  The Ly Ryders followed and gave chase in every direction.  There were other swirls to the north and southeast that hadn’t crumbled at the news.  We drove them into the ocean.’
‘Did he die?’ someone asked.
‘No,’ So-Vah said in their direction.  ‘I dragged him back here.  He’s held below us in an ancient prison cell.  You see, where we sit used to be a temple centered on this tree.   Around it people would use the same cold blue flame to keep it lit.  Beneath it they discovered a lake.   It was there they built mausoleums to burry their dead.’
The class murmured.  
‘As we took our wounded back to High Forest, I dragged him down there and left him to rot in the deepest hole I could find.’
‘Then did he die?’ someone asked, again.
‘No.  He’s drawn a small following of crawlers that take care of him down there.  I’ve watched him live in that hole in agony for three years.  I keep him alive so he can suffer, but weak enough to stop him from lighting this tree into another beacon,’ So-Vah said, looking back at the towering tree behind him.
‘Tomorrow I will take you to see him.’  He turned back to the 13’s that listened in silence. ‘The real world was back then, and what we fear is beneath your feet.  It’s not all costumes, plays, festivals and boring ceremonies with the decrepitly old Redro.’ 
Behind him the fire started to die into long blue yellow embers.   ‘It’s late and time for bed.  I will wake you in the morning with a good breakfast before we climb down into the catacombs.’
Fredrick sat stunned with the rest of the 13’s as the King quickly left into the large tent on the edge of the clearing. The 13’s lagged and whispered as they slowly moved and disappeared into theirs.  Fredrick felt uneasy as he shuffled over to his tent.  Before he crawled in, he looked over to Cover.  He was smiling and Seral pointing in Fredrick’s direction.  
Looking away, he went inside.  The light flower gave off a glow that was cold and dim.  He wrapped his cloak around him, flumped down on the ground and tucked into one of the thin fur pelts.  Fredrick stared at the roof of the tent as he listened to the rustling outside settle and the whispering slowly stop. 
He couldn’t settle his mind as he lay awake in the silence.   But when he was still, he could feel the vast gap underneath him and something swirl to the depths.  
As he thought, one glowing orange bug landed on the outside of his tent.  As more landed beside it, they swarmed in and circled in even lines around him and lit the tent in a brilliant glow. 
He felt a connection to the bugs.  But he needed them to go.  If Cover saw them he would say he was turning into an Arach Ryder.  He would have to go live in a cave or something.
The thought left him as he drifted into sleep.  In a daze he raised a finger in the air to point at one of the bugs as it swirled around the tent.  Its red orange glow went out and moved in perfect unison with his finger.  The other bugs around it followed in the same direction and into a new circling dance.
Suddenly he heard a noise and with a short breath the glow from the bugs doused into grey.  With a wave of his hand they fluttered back out and into the night.  
Fredrick lay awake with his heart beating in his chest.  But after a while, sleep finally took him within the cold white light of the tent.



Chapter 11



Movements in the Ground



‘Fredrick’
Fredrick opened his eyes and looked up, blinking.  Past the dim light flower above, moving shadows of branches reached over his tent and overlapped in shades of grey.  It was still night and he could hear the wind lightly push the trees with a ticking groan. 
‘Fredrick,’ a voice whispered again.
Slowly rising to his elbows, he noticed the outline of a person at the front of his tent.  He stared at the shadow but only managed to blink at it a few more times.
‘Fredrick’  
Fredrick closed his eyes and sat up.  He felt the ache from the ground in his back as he teetered and then stretched forward to the entrance. Leaning further, he peeked his head outside and twisted at an awkward angle to look up.  
Nal stood above him with a fur blanket wrapped around her cloak.  The glow of the tents around them illuminated her face as she swept strands of her long red hair behind her.  Her large green eyes reflected the light and rested over freckles dotting her face.  
Fredrick always thought she was pretty.  When he looked at her she would always smile back, but some kind of prank from Cover and Seral would usually follow to ruin it.
Fredrick turned back inside the tent for a moment and shifted to come out at a less awkward angle.  But he came out about the same. He found there was no good way to exit a tent with someone just outside of it.  
Not wanting to stand up in the flaps of the entrance, he shuffled out too far before planting a foot to rise.  He ended up looking at her with a twisted neck as his body was angled slightly away.
Impatiently, Nal came closer and whispered, ‘Fredrick, we need your help.’
Fredrick stared back and slowly rotated his body to face hers. He had never been this close to her before. 
‘Cover and Seral are lost,’ she whispered.  ‘After everyone fell asleep they went to look for the tunnels to find the Arach.  But they haven’t come back.’
Fredrick looked around and then stopped.  Obviously they didn’t get lost in and around the tents. 
‘I know which way they went,’ Nal continued.  ‘I’m just too scared to go alone.’
So was he.  Fredrick looked past the edge of the camp. In the night’s cold, the darkness draped and was only pierced in the distance by tiny flashes of red orange light.  The bones of the trees still groaned as their branches stretched with wandering hands to hide the clusters of stars above.  
‘Which way?’ Fredrick said with a forced, quiet bravery.  
Nal replied silently before moving past him.  She cut away from the tents and left the clearing before he blindly followed into the dark. 
As they found a path, Fredrick was careful to walk with his feet a little higher and his arms a little out in front.  He didn’t want to run into anything or have Nal pull him out of some prickly bush.
As his eyes became more to the light, he could see the fluffy outline of her blanket in front of him.  The trail also appeared smooth and fairly wide.  He could start to walk somewhat normally again.  
Nal finally stopped before a small opening at the end of the trail.  Coming up beside her, he saw in the middle of a clearing was a broken column rising out of a mound.  They stood staring at it in silence.  
Suddenly he felt another movement inch below his feet.  It crawled with long slow stretches before disappearing in the layers of rock and sand beneath them.  
‘This is where I think they went,’ she said a little louder than she needed to.
Fredrick slowly stepped in front of her and away from his thoughts.  With a shallow breath he walked towards the outline of the column and didn’t look away. It had broken off not far above and stuck out of the mound at a slight angle.  Fredrick followed the lean of the column and noticed the shadows of rubble stretch across the clearing.  
As he walked up the hill below its base, he reached and felt the engravings cut into the stone.  Running his hand along its side he came around before his foot touched over a ledge.  Fredrick looked down.  The ground opened in front of him into a pit.  
Suddenly from behind, he heard a rustling.  There were footsteps and a muffled laugh.  Before he could turn, someone was holding his arms and another covered his eyes with a piece of cloth.  Fredrick tried to struggle, but he heard only more laughter and managed to spin himself around a few times.  Feeling dizzy, he stopped, not knowing where the pit was anymore.  
But he knew where the laughter came from.  Cover and Seral didn’t seem lost at all.
‘Careful, Fred, or you might fall down that hole,’ Cover said seriously.
‘That would be terrible,’ Seral added, gripping harder onto Fredrick’s arms as Cover tied knots behind his head and wrists. 
Fredrick tried to resist by falling to the ground but the two clambered to hold him up by his arms. 
‘Guys, come on,’ Nal said, walking towards them.  ‘He’s scared.’
Suddenly Seral let go and Cover was silent as they hovered around him.  Fredrick fell to his knees. 
‘Come over here and I’ll untie you,’ Nal said softly, walking around to his side.
Wanting to believe her, he planted his foot to rise and took a step towards Nal.  But where there should have been ground, there was nothing.  His weight shifted and he tumbled forward into the pit.  
After a moment his chest and shoulder hit onto dirt as the air left his lungs.  In a gasp he breathed.  He weakly rolled onto his back to hear a cruel laugh from Seral.  The ties around his wrists had loosened and he slowly freed his hands as he still struggled to breathe. 
‘Help him up guys,’ Nal said.  ‘He’s scared.’
Anger crossed over his mind as he propped himself up.  He forced his breath to slow and then felt a swirl above him.
‘Whoa,’ he heard Cover say.  Red orange bugs suddenly flashed by the thin cloth of Fredrick’s blindfold.  He could wave them away, but he was too furious to care.
Then after another breath, he felt movement in the ground.  It was closer and reaching for the surface.  The earth started to sift below him and he clawed backwards as his blindfold loosely fell below his eyes.  The swirling red orange bugs cast their light on a giant of an insect reaching its legs out of the ground.  
Fredrick turned.  He dragged his body up the slope as he heard the padding of its pointed legs settle around him.  Looking back, he saw Cover, Seral and Nal in terror at the edge of the pit.  
The insect’s four thin legs settled restlessly before pulling its body out of the ground.  Dirt rained over Fredrick. The insect uncoiled above him and stretched to level a gaze at the three on the ledge. Fredrick crawled back from underneath of it.  More dirt scattered over him as its wings jittered and stretched out from its thin frame.  Fredrick saw padded arms hover past its torso with long coiled hooks cleaning the dirt from its face.  In the dim flashing light, bits of webbing hung low and trembled off its neck and body.
Seral moved backwards as Cover grabbed hold of Nal to hide behind the column.  As they stirred, the monster quickly released its coiled hooks and latched around the pillar.  It let out a silent shriek, released the stone, and shifted to peer around the other side.
Waiting for the monster to turn to him, Fredrick looked up and saw the swirl of flickering bugs start to funnel towards it.  He felt drawn to attack the beast with them.  But he quickly scattered the bugs to let the night hide him again.  
As he rose and the dirt sifted off his tunic, he stood looking at the monstrous insect.  It peered slowly around the column.  Forcing a step, Fredrick started to move and could see the outline of the trail across the clearing.
Suddenly with a whisper, Cover, Seral and Nal broke into a run for the trail.  Any screams were muffled by the shrieks of the insect as it hunched and scrambled out of the hole.  Then the beast stopped.  Fredrick could feel it turn towards him.
Fredrick moved and started to drift over the clearing after the others.  As he ran he heard more shrieks from the camp and then sounds of the insect following him.
As he came to the trail, Fredrick stretched to speed across the ground.  Cover, Seral and Nal had disappeared into the winding darkness in front of him.  Behind, he heard the splitting of branches and felt the face of the monster reach down with its long neck towards him.
Then he slowed as the air fell in his lungs.  Breaking through to the camp, he saw the sudden movements of many long legged shadows rummage over the ground.  A host of the same giant insects had taken over the camp.  Many of the tents were gone. They seemed swallowed by holes in the ground.  
Fredrick saw the creatures reach inside the tents that were left.  They dragged the screaming 13’s with their long coiled hooks, quickly piercing the children’s legs before they could run.  As the insects hovered over them, the 13’s slowly stopped moving and held to the ground, ridged and pale.  
 The monsters then excreted layers of webbing and rolled the 13’s inside their thin cocoons.  They quickly took hold and dragged them across the ground to disappear into one of the many holes in the ground.  
Fredrick saw the tent of King So-Vah.  It was ripped and the light within had gone dark.  So-Vah stood in front, holding a long blue torch and his glinting obsidian axe.  Behind him were many of the 13’s.  They did their best to hide in his wake as three of the giants stalked towards them, stepping over the severed parts of other insects.  
As Fredrick drove into the clearing, he still felt the monster behind his neck.  He looked up.   There was movement all over the great tree towering over them.  Large black round-bodied insects were packing the winding grooves with brushwood.  They held it to the tree with a paste left behind as they circled high up the trunk.
Fredrick came around the tents and tumbled over to his.  He slid in front as his legs and hands hit the ground before clawing at the dirt to lunge inside.  He thought if he could reach his knife he might have a chance.  Fredrick grabbed his bag in the corner and rolled onto his back as his hands started to dig for the knife in all the food.  
Feeling the tip of the handle, he looked and saw two long coiled spines of the monster creep through the entrance.  Fredrick cut his breath.  He crawled backwards with one hand to press against the back of the tent.  He shivered in fear as the spines unwound and slowly wrapped themselves around his calves.  
Suddenly they tightened and pulled him out with one powerful movement.  With a scrape of dirt, the insect twitched and held him to the ground.  Then it reached its head down towards him. 
He turned away and felt his arm pinned as he tried to pull the knife out of the bag. Then Fredrick felt a rending pain in his leg.  A coldness crawled from the wound to inch up through his body and drift into his mind.  
The monster suddenly loosened its grip.   But Fredrick couldn’t move.  He heard a horrible spindling sound before he was stiffly picked up and placed into the wetness of a cocoon. 
Fredrick’s mind started to drift as the giant insect dragged him across the ground.  All he could see were shadows.  There was a waving blue flame before his cocoon dropped into darkness. 
As the webbing tightened around his body, the ice crawled across his eyes and he hovered in the numbing black. 



Chapter 12



The Burning Tree



In the grey light of the cocoon, Fredrick woke from a dreamless sleep.  He could only breathe in the coldness of the air as he felt the numbing from the poison fade inside him.  
Leaning forward, Fredrick noticed slits cut into the webbing.  He gazed out to see that he was suspended in an immense underground cavern.  He first saw long grey shafts of sunlight beaming through falling clouds of ash.  The ash slowly drifted past the cocoon and down to pool into a great body of water far below.   
Above him the soot floated through many crumbled holes in the ground.  The openings dotted between a netting of roots that grew in a vast underground bloom.  Beyond the roots and holes, a column of firelight billowed smoke up and out of sight.  The great tree they had camped around had been lit, Fredrick thought. 
Suddenly Fredrick cringed.  An aching pain moved into his fingertips.  As the poison drifted from his body it left what felt like shards throbbing under his skin.  He leaned forward and stared at the cavern walls as the pain inched beyond his fingers and into his hands. 
Then he noticed that the walls moved.  Through the ash Fredrick saw many crawling legs churn around the chasm.  Their hideous faces flickered past as they moved under the shafts of light. 
Drawing back, he turned to see many other cocoons suspended from the roots above.  In some were the still outlines of other 13’s.  The rest were raggedly torn and empty.
 The pain through Fredrick’s fingers and hands started to run in lines down his body.  He crumpled back and opened his mouth to scream.
Then everything stopped. The jagged pain had drifted into warmth and he felt pulled away.  Fredrick couldn’t hold open his eyes and rested back into the webbing.  He could only feel the sway of the cocoon until he passed into a drowning sleep.

***

Fredrick woke suddenly in the darkness.  The great tree above had burned to a pillar of embers and shed a dim light over the chasm.  Across from him, the creatures were still as they slept with curled bodies or stared with dull blinking eyes.
Fredrick stretched against the cocoon and felt a ghost of the icy pain drift over him.  He could move again, but the leg the creature had wounded still felt motionless and numb.  Looking down towards it he noticed something pressed under his arms.  Fredrick still held the satchel he had grabbed before the creature pulled him from his tent
He didn’t want to look at the wound, so he ran his hand into the bag instead.  His stomach bent and sunk as he reached along its contents and imagined each food item he pressed.  He felt too sick to eat the dried apricots, berries and pieces of the cured and salted meat.  
Then beside the handle of his knife, he felt a soft square package of baking.  Thinking of it, his stomach seemed indifferent to the chocolate and sugary treats hidden in the bottom of the bag.  Fredrick pulled out a piece.  His stomach moved with approval. 
Fredrick brought the package up to his eyes and gently pulled on the ridged brown paper.  As it opened, it loudly crinkled.  He stopped and held his breath before peering out of a tear in the cocoon. The crawlers on the walls still slept with twitching legs and the same eyes stared blankly at the cocoons around him.  
Gently again he pulled at the paper.  With another crackle and fold he was able to grab what was inside and take a bite.
Caramel, chocolate and the crumbly bottom.  
After a few more morsels his stomach settled and started to groan.   He thought it must have been at least a day since he had eaten last.  Then he quickly finished a mouthful.   
With another reach into the bag, he had another package in his hands. 
Crinkle.  Fold.   Crumple.  Bite.  Chocolate crumbled bottom with the green whipped topping.  
It was falling apart so Fredrick was licking his fingers as he took another look outside his cocoon. The same blinking eyes and twitching legs.  
Fredrick felt stronger and his stomach settled again with hunger.  He knew he needed to get out of the cocoon before something woke and ripped him from it.  He thought that might require a lot of energy.  Energy requires food. 
 Reach. There was the small cloth bag with the dried fruit.  Chew.  Reach.  Chew.
He felt more alive with each mouthful of the berries and apricots.  There were the sounds of small thuds as the odd piece of fruit fell from his hands.
Reach.  The cured salted meat.  His mouth ached thinking of the long dried pieces of game wrapped in the thick paper.  
Slide.  Crumple. Fold.  Crinkle.  Crease.  Slide.  Bite.
The dried meat was tender and peppered with sea salt.  
Pull.  Chew.  Chew more.  Bite.  Pull.  Chew.  Chew again.  
Finishing the last salty mouthful, he rested against the back of the cocoon as it swayed gently.  Fredrick’s stomach felt full and he breathed out heavily.  He would have to wait a little while before making an escape.
With a dusting of his hands, he looked out of the tear in the webbing.  Countless moving blinking eyes stared back at him from the walls.  Their legs were falling over each other to be the closest one to him.
He stared in horror.  He thought he might have been too loud with the cured salted meat.  Now they had a fairly plump meal dangling in front of them.  Fredrick tried to think of what to do as he slid his hand into the empty bag and rested it on his knife.
Then from the wall emerged three large sets of eyes.  They floated across the blackness and never turned from their unseen head.  The other jittery legs and smaller eyes parted quickly to settle and stare some distance away.  Fredrick felt the cold and numbness inch from his leg as he looked at the creature turn to move above.  He lost sight of the large eyes and was left to look at the gazes of the lesser creatures across from him.
Then his cocoon started to move.  Slowly, Fredrick floated up the chasm and between the netting of roots above.  The webbing around him closed as he weakly gripped his knife, unable to even unwrap the cloth over the blade.  As the cocoon rose, he began to feel the heat from the embers above.  Fredrick struggled to breathe as it finally stopped climbing and teetered for a moment.  
Suddenly his cocoon was grasped.  It moved to glow under the light from the surface.  Shadows of two long hairy legs gripped the webbing and Fredrick shuddered as he felt the touches of the other legs prod over him.  
Against the light he could see the outline of the creature.  The body was bulbous and the long legs that held and prodded him were from a monstrous spider.
He closed his eyes.  For an instant felt movement far above.  A flurry of small points drifted down though the heat in a long slow reach.
Suddenly the creature tightened its grip to press the cocoon against the underside of its body.  Fredrick couldn’t move.  He felt the spider pivot and then quickly turn down into the cavern again.  He felt the rush of the descent and wished he hadn’t eaten so much.  
Then his weight in the cocoon shifted.  The spider stopped.  Fredrick could feel it twitch as it held him.  He imagined the creature quickly turning its ghastly head from side to side.  
For a moment it didn’t stir.  Then slowly his cocoon was placed on ground.
The cocoon opened with two scaled hooks sliding the webbing back.  Six large eyes stared down at him through the darkness of a cave.  Beyond the hovering body of the spider flickered many eyes, far to the other side of the cavern. 
As he closed his eyes, he felt a rush of small points flying above him. When a hook lightly scraped across his chest and stomach, anger flashed over his mind.
Opening his eyes again, the cavern behind them was illuminated.  Countless swarms of red orange bugs swirled and danced light off the walls of stone.  The crawlers coiled and tucked into the cracks and holes in the rocks to hide from the light churning around them.        
The light stretched into the cave and Fredrick glimpsed the mouth of the creature.  It was low and round.  Its jaws dripped off its head in a circle of long pointed teeth.  Each tooth was a different size and hovered around the vapour of its breath.
With a gesture, the glowing bugs funnelled and reached in towards them.  Light rippled off the walls.  The eyes of the great spider closed in the brilliance.  It huffed in a rage and Fredrick turned from the cocoon before it blindly struck down at him with a claw. 
Instantly the bugs landed on the beast.  They dotted its legs and moved up its back.  The spider crouched and staggered as they started to crawl over its face and burrow under its skin.
With a hand leaning against the wall of the cave, Fredrick rose slowly on one leg.  His other wounded leg was still numb and left to limply hang to the ground.   With his free hand, he gripped onto his knife and weakly pointed it at the spider.  It was crippled in pain.  The long thin piece of cloth wrapped around Fredrick’s blade was uncoiling and falling to the floor.  Around him he noticed many bones, half buried, were scattered everywhere.  
Fredrick could see many red orange bugs still hovered outside the cave.  Their light seeped over the blinking eyes of the crawlers that edged bravely in.
Fredrick leaned and then started to hobble around the spider.  But with a twitch, the spider’s leg brushed against him and the creature filled with rage. It made a noise of crackling and gnawing as it lunged to come down at him with its long circled teeth.  
Fredrick fell backwards.  The spider rose in a trembling pain. 
He scrambled against the wall and struggled again to rise and tumble past.  Again the spider sensed the movement.  It turned to reach towards him its teeth.  
Fredrick was hit onto his hands and the creature started to move over him.  With his one good leg he quickly lunged from the ground to scrape over the spider’s back.  It wildly twisted to reach for him.  Fredrick felt himself roll, unable to stop with his other lifeless leg.  As he started to fall, Fredrick drove his knife into its back and desperately gripped onto the handle to stay on.  
Hunching from the pain, the spider stumbled.  It turned suddenly and Fredrick held close as it lurched from the cave.  Outside, the hungry mouths of the crawlers snapped and hissed as they curled back from the charge of the spider.  
The spider plunged down the cavern walls with Fredrick.  Fredrick noticed the cloth around his blade was almost completely unravelled.  It still clung to the knife with one end pressed against the sunken blade and the handle.  The long thin cloth curved and floated out from them as they descended into the darkness.  
Feeling the spider struggle as it climbed down, Fredrick released the bugs burrowed around its eyes and legs.  He didn’t want to give it another reason to fall down the chasm with him on it.  The glowing flyers trickled off to hover and reflect light off the lake below.  
Reaching the bottom, Fredrick noticed a cave dimly lit near the edge of the lake.  The light grew in a line and stretched over the surface of the water.  The spider coiled in fear.  Fredrick could barely hold on as it stopped.  His legs dangled off the side as the creature turned and started to scramble and climb back up the cavern.  
With a wave, Fredrick extinguished the lights of the bugs above them.  The cloth from his knife draped far past his feet and curled and snapped with the speed of the climb.  The spider scrambled past the bugs and drove through the host of crawlers to reach the surface.  
As Fredrick dangled from the beast with his knife, he looked down to the lake far below.  Through the swarm, Fredrick could see a small figure stumbling out behind the light.  He was dressed in an overly long tunic and seemed to hold something over his hand and arm that glowed with a deep red.  Fredrick saw him look up and walk to the edge of the water.  
As the great spider reached out of a hole to the surface, Fredrick looked down in disbelief.  He knew the figure at the edge of the underground lake.  It was Marmel.



i



High Forest, 4 years before
Marmel sang a tuneless song as he slowly followed his dad around the lake.  Bulging with supplies, the stubby tree teetered after and creaked as it struggled to hold the bag on its stump.  
They had just left High Forest to fish and camp at the lake’s edge.  The morning was cool and the autumn leaves trickled off the branches of the colossal trees now far behind them.  In front, the path wound in the distance to end in the grey tangle of branches of Drie Forest.
Reaching the southern end of the lake, Marmel looked across to see the mists gather over the water.  He tightened his cloak against a sudden cold breeze.  It pushed the haze to rest in the edges of the lake and back beyond the grasses of the plains to the south.  
Marmel swished the overly long sleeves of his new cloak as he walked.  He remembered one of the Weavers in the village try it on him just after she finished.  Her other friends, each as plump as she was, circled around and tugged on the new cloak, gleefully expecting him to grow into it.  He was only six and he didn’t think he ever would.  Marmel felt like he was wearing a blanket, but at least he was warm. 
Looking back, he glanced at the two enormous Tolen trees at the entrance to High Forest.  Marmel thought about the Watcher, Brax, and the stories he just told.  Brax warned them to stay out of Drie Forest because it was haunted and that Arach Ryders had been seen on the Southern Plains.   His father made a joke of it, but out of the safety of the trees, Marmel found himself looking around for ghosts and monsters.  
To the south, the plains rolled to the horizon.  The tall grasses moved and wrinkled under a wind to reveal imaginary paths that vanished with the gusts.  But Marmel couldn’t see any horrible men riding gigantic spiders.  Beside them the lake flowed slowly eastward to funnel through the greyness of Drie Forest.  But there were no wooden figures peeking between the leafless branches.    
Then he noticed his father had disappeared as the path led down suddenly at the southern tip of the lake.  With the slope Marmel ran ahead of the stumpy tree to the bottom of the hill.  He could hear it squeak faster as it tried to keep pace.  Seeing his father, he turned at a large rocky outcropping that formed a flat peak over the water.  He came back from the lake and passed huge stones that formed a spine up the hill to end in a circle at the top.  There his father waited for him.  He was leaning against one of the boulders at the entrance and smiled down at his son.  
Reaching the circle, Marmel followed his father inside and puffed from the climb.  In the middle of the ring of stones was a worn patch of earth.  Remnants of a small fire lay overtop.  Looking at one end of the circle, Marmel could see the Southern Plains though cracks in the boulders.  From the other end, it opened to the lake reflecting the hazy blue and white peeks of the Ni-Reech Mountains.  
 ‘Do you remember how to fish?’ his father said as Marmel gained his breath.  
‘A little,’ Marmel replied.  It had been a while since they went fishing.  He was good at sitting and holding the rod.  But his father still had to tie on the hook, bring in the fish, fillet and cook it.
‘You’ll get better,’ his father said, seeming to read his mind.
They looked down to see the stubby tree reach the rocks by the lake.  It turned towards them to go up the hill as it teetered with the bag from side to side.  Coming to the top, the tree hobbled past into the small clearing before stopping to rest a moment.  Then it slowly unwound its branches as they came over to look into the bag.
‘Everything is all shaken up,’ his father said, slightly annoyed.
He started to take things out as he searched through it.  First he brought out the heavy rolled blankets and placed them up against a boulder.  Next he set aside a small barrel of fresh water and the clay cooking pot with cups.    
‘Ah,’ his father said as he reached into the bottom.  He pulled out a small folded cloth and gave it to Marmel.
‘Pick out the hooks and I’ll get the fire going.  We’ll be fishing off that rock over the lake and it will be cold.  Some hot tea should help. 
‘Now first I’ll need some firewood,’ he said, sideways eyeing the stumpy tree.  The tree took a cautious step back and Marmel smiled widely. ‘There should be a stock of it around here.’  The tree relaxed.  ‘It hasn’t rained for a few days so it should be dry.’  
As Marmel opened the small folded cloth, his father disappeared out behind the circle of rocks.  Inside the cloth shimmered small obsidian hooks.  Some were just a straight curve and others had two to three ends with barbs carved out from the pointy parts.  Beside the hooks was an assortment of small colourful woven insects.  They were red and yellow, blue and green and even some were white with purple polka dots.  
‘I picked those flies up at the market yesterday,’ his father said, coming back with an armful of wood.  He had many different sizes and lengths stacked over his arms as he wobbled over.  ‘Those old Weavers do a nice job making the flies look real.’
He dropped the wood by the fire pit and looked at the stubby tree.  ‘I should have made him carry the firewood.  
‘Have you picked out a hook yet?’ he asked, walking over to the supplies and taking out a small metal tinderbox.  Marmel wasn’t used to him being so talkative.  His father was usually quiet with much of his time spent on his Tolu, either training or patrolling outside of High Forest.  
Marmel watched as he took out the tinderbox’s contents.  He laid out a singed cloth, flint and a shard of metal.  His father cleared the old wood from the pit before finding some very small pieces to put in their place.  Staying on his knees, he carefully placed the half-burnt cloth on the ground before taking the metal to strike the flint.  With each hit Marmel saw sparks fly down on the cloth before it lit in a slow burn.  He held it under the shavings until they cracked and threw tiny flames into the air.  His father quickly folded the cloth to extinguish it before slowly adding larger pieces of wood to catch the flame.
Packing up the tinderbox, he turned again to Marmel.  Marmel looked stunned.  Fires were not allowed in High Forest and he hardly ever saw one.  There were fires in the forest, but he was kept far away as the Tolu Ryders cleared brush and buried the flames in mounds of dirt.  
‘Once we have some nice coals we can make a bit of tea,’ he said standing up.  The stubby tree crept a little away from the fire as the flames caught more of the wood.  ‘Now the hooks,’ his father guided as he walked over.  ‘Let’s try one without a barb and give the fish a chance.  If we get hungry we’ll bring out this one,’ he said, pointing to a three pronger.
‘What about this one?’ Marmel asked, picking out a shiny little green hook. 
‘Good choice,’ his father replied, taking it from the cloth.  ‘Now how about the fly?’
Marmel chose a little red and yellow bug and held it up.  
‘That should work.
‘Now the coals will be ready soon.  Bring a little bit of lake water back with the pot.  I’ll get the pole ready.’
Marmel took the clay pot and carefully wobbled past the boulders and down to the lake’s edge.  He tipped the pot into the cold clear water until it filled with as much as he thought he could carry.   
Before he stood, Marmel saw a piece of shell half-buried in the sand beneath the water.  He rolled up his sleeve and reached down to carefully grab around its sharp edges.  Bringing the shell out from the surface, water dribbled down his arm as Marmel held it up to see.  The shell was smaller than the palm of his hand.  But it was thick enough that he thought it must be apart of something much larger.  One side was rough, with small spikes spotted over its surface.  The other side was smooth, with layers of purple and blue washed into a colourful sheen.  
Marmel looked for more pieces under the water.  But he couldn’t feel anything beneath the sand.  He stopped and looked at his refection in the rippling shore, placing the shell in a pocket of his cloak.   
Grabbing hold again of the pot of water, Marmel heaved it up to stand, wobbling as he turned back from the lake.  As he sloshed back up the hill, he tried to hold the pot high enough to keep his long sleeves off the ground.  At the top his father watched as he finished tying a knot over a pole.  The pole was an old piece of bamboo.  But now it had a long string tied and looped widely around it.  At the end of the line dangled the little red orange fly over a small obsidian hook.
As Marmel reached the top, he put down the pole and helped him carry the water over beside the fire.  It burned high above him now.  It had caught the larger pieces of wood stacked over the flames.  His father then took a stick and carefully removed many bright orange coals.  After stacking them in a shallow hole, he slid the pot over to balance on top. 
As the water began to warm, Marmel’s father grabbed a few tealeaves out of the bag and dropped them into the pot.  The long thin leaves were tied together in the shape of closed flowers.  Under the heat they slowly started to open and turn the steaming water a thin colour.  
‘You want it to steep the tea just before it starts to boil.  Otherwise you’ll lose the flavour.’ 
He turned, picked up the pole and handed it to Marmel.  ‘Now we need to put something on our hook for the fish to nibble on.  There’s usually something squiggling underneath the rocks that we can use.’
Marmel crinkled his nose at the thought.  He didn’t like this part.  His father searched around before leaning over a large flat rock.  He looked back at Marmel and then waved him over as he lifted it up.  His father smiled as dozens of little crawling insects scurried over the ground to try and find a place to hide.
‘The grosser the better I think.  The fish like that.’
Marmel was still crinkling his nose and timidly reached in to grab the first insect he could.  It was a long one with many legs swishing to get into a small hole in the ground.  As he pinched it with two fingers, its body snapped in half.  The half he held still wiggled between his fingers while the other squirmed down into the hole.
‘I didn’t think you could make that one any uglier,’ he said as he laid the rock back down with a thud.  ‘But you did.  Hold onto it until we get down there.’  Marmel cupped it tightly as the half insect twisted with its countless little legs.  
‘Ah,’ his father said, taking the steaming pot off the coals.   He went over and grabbed the two small cups beside the blankets before carefully tipping them into the tea.
With one hand his father held the two cups and with the other he grabbed the pole and started to walk down to the lake.  Marmel quickly followed, careful not to lose the wiggling insect.  He wondered if it might nip him but didn’t know if he had the front end or the back one.
Reaching the bottom, they walked over the rock that jutted out over the lake.  His father sat and dangled his feet from the edge before setting down the cups of tea.  Marmel sat down beside him and still cupped his hands uncomfortably.  
His father leaned over Marmel with a long face.  He picked the insect quickly out of Marmel’s hand before driving the hook right through it.  
He handed the pole back to Marmel and said, ‘this is made of bamboo and the string and knots are very strong.  So it won’t break unless you grab hold of a whale in there.  The only way we’ll lose the hook is if you let go of the pole.’ 
Marmel nodded as his long sleeves fell over the handle to hide his tightly gripped hands.
Keeping a hand on the pole, his father unwound the string and let the line fall down to the water.  
Suddenly another cold breeze blew off the lake.  Letting his son hold the pole on his own, he put Marmel’s hood over his head and gave him some tea.  Daring to take one hand off carefully, Marmel took a sip.  It tasted like peppermint and smoke and warmed him on the cold surface of the rock.  
They sat in silence for a while and Marmel looked out across the lake.  In a distant blue haze, snow softened the peaks of the mountains before running down through the forest beneath.
Then he chanced to look down at Drie forest.  At the eastern edge of the lake, the waters slowly moved between the spaces of grey and tangle of dead branches.
‘Do you think it’s haunted Marmel?’ his father said, taking a sip of his tea.
‘It looks haunted.’
‘It does.’  His father took a long look. ‘What do you think is in there?’
Marmel looked down at the lake to see their reflection wave in the water.  He tugged on the line a little.
‘The Consumed?’ his father asked.
Marmel looked up at him, having heard that before.  ‘Are they real?’
His father showed a smile and put his tea down before quietly reciting,

‘When man and beast go mad in war
And share a wound they can’t restore
They heal the hurt; they join consumed
As one the retched pair is doomed’

Seeing the expression on Marmel’s face, he knew he wasn’t helping.  ‘I don’t know.  I’ve never seen any of them.’
‘How many are there?’
‘They say there are three kinds.  One rides on a Volt, is covered in fur and is angry all the time.  The second one rides a giant spider and can control many different kinds of animals and insects.  They say the third is someone like us.  They’re consumed into their Tolu tree and don’t care about anything anymore.’
Marmel looked down again at the water.
‘Don’t be afraid of stories Marmel.  What you should be afraid of is not catching me some lunch and letting that tea get cold.’  
Marmel looked up and took another sip of his tea.  His father reached over to bob the line, but the fish didn’t seem very hungry yet.

The Consumed
Unknown

When man and beast go mad in war
And share a wound they can’t restore
They heal the hurt; they join consumed
As one the retched pair is doomed

On Volts they fill with foolish rage
And wait in hate in fury’s cage
Their ragged fur it covers skin
To faintly hide a violent grin

Arachs control the fiendish hordes
To bring a darker age as lords
On giant spiders they command
With blackened souls and shadowed hands

On trees the last and third consumed
Leaves man eternally entombed
With wooden skin and hollow gaze
They care for nothing, save a blaze

If you should meet just one of three
Do turn and run and try to flee
In rage, control or apathy
They’ll leave you in your agony



Chapter 13



How to Wake an Arlow



Avel walked from the Graveyard, teetering on his nearly unbent legs.   He led Nova and Drumpit between two ancient rotting trees to come down on a path just outside.  Looking above, Nova saw clouds reaching over the treetops.  They were slowly covering the sky in a rippling grey.    
Nova’s heart sank as she thought of that morning.  She had run away from Ash and her father.  Now Avel told her Ash had broken free from his chains and no one knew where he was.  Her father must be in a rage.  He had been searching for her since she left.   
Nova walked slowly behind Drumpit and became distracted by the little round ball of feathers bobbing on his shoulder.  Beside his tangle of red hair, the Arlow slept as it clutched to his tunic with its oversized claws.  If she listened carefully, she could hear the bird chirp as it wheezed and teetered from side to side.   
Drumpit looked at his bird with his half-closed eyes.  In the sunlight she noticed Drumpit had more freckles than she had thought.  Nova also noticed that he looked strong for his age.  Drumpit didn’t fill out his tunic with the same skinny or pudgy frames of the other Tens.  He was thick in his shoulders and starting to be almost muscular.  Nova thought he looked quite different than the night of the play when he wore the overly small snowflake costume.
Suddenly the path turned and she started to hear the chatter of the festival in the distance.  She had not come this way with Marmel when he took her to the Graveyard.  Nova remembered his trail through the thinning white trees and along the ridge overlooking the forest and the plains beyond.
Avel abruptly slowed and turned to Drumpit.  He looked at him seriously out of his left eye and puffed his chest a little.
‘You have a sleepy bird there.’
Drumpit glanced at the wheezing bit of feathers on his shoulder.  Its large closed eyelids twitched slightly in a dream. 
‘It’s been like this since I got it.  Even when I feed it, it doesn’t open its eyes.  It just sits here.’
‘Its eyes are closed.  It doesn’t mean it’s asleep.’
Avel extended his hand toward the Arlow.  
But the bird didn’t move.
‘This one is asleep,’ Avel said as they all stopped.  He seemed to focus and the eyes of the bird flashed open before its little wings thumped off Drumpit’s shoulder.  Drumpit was astonished. 
‘What did you call your bird?’ Avel asked.
‘Toe,’ Drumpit said, unable to look away as the Arlow bounced in the air above Avel’s hand.
Avel repeated the name as Toe drifted back over to perch on Drumpit’s shoulder again.  It quickly closed its eyes and seemed to easily go back to sleep.
Drumpit stared blankly between Avel and his wheezing bird.
Avel puffed his chest and started to walk down the path again.  They quickly followed before Avel instructed, ‘You don’t control them, Drumpit.  It’s a connection.’ 
Nova knew what he meant.  When she rode on Ash, there was only silence between them as she sat behind his ears.  He was blind.  But an understanding always opened up between them to guide help him over the ground.  
‘You know that feeling when you fall?’ Avel said with a pause.  ‘Before you hit the ground and you’ve lost control of yourself.’  He saw only more blank stares from the two children following him.
‘So if I jump off something he’ll wake up?’
‘Not quite.  When you fall, or when you lose control, there is a level in your mind that can reach the Arlow.  The trick is to learn to reach that level without having to fall down.’
Drumpit didn’t look like he understood.
‘They are great and powerful birds, Drumpit.  Toe wouldn’t have picked you if you couldn’t reach him.  You know, my first bird was an Arlow.’
Drumpit stared up at Avel.  ‘Try this,’ Avel said.  ‘Walk with your eyes closed.  If you can’t see where you’re going you’ll lose some control and you just might reach him.’
Drumpit stopped for a moment and looked determined as he stared straight ahead.  He closed his eyes and began carefully walking down the path.
‘Try not to fall.  And no peeking.’ 
Nova couldn’t help smiling as Drumpit walked faster in a crooked line.
‘I’ve seen old Redro walk faster than that,’ Avel prodded.
Nova saw Drumpit flash a smile and suddenly speed up into a run.  Avel sighed, looked at her and said, ‘At least he’s not running toward the edge of a cliff this time.’
She remembered the story Marmel had told her.  They had almost fallen over the side of the Plateau a couple days before.
Drumpit drifted back and forth on the wide path with Tole bobbing on his shoulder.  The path sloped down on either side, so if he ran too far to one end he would feel the slant and turn back onto flatter ground.  Nova ran ahead to catch up and saw Toe starting to flex its feathers.  
Then she heard a rumbling between the trees.
The path turned ahead and Nova ran faster before she lost sight of him.  As the edge of the trail dipped with the turn, Drumpit skidded to a stop with his eyes still closed tight.  
Suddenly a low booming sound rumbled under her feet.  A Tolu tree and its Ryder hammered into view.   It crashed around the bend as it leaned on its two great gnarled branches with each step. 
‘Drumpit!’ Nova called out.  But she felt drowned by the noise.
Turning towards the stomps and thuds of the tree, Drumpit still refused to open his eyes.  The Ryder shouted something down at Drumpit and then pitched his tree to the side.  Coming underneath, Drumpit skidded on his hands and lost his footing.  He was clambering up as one club of a branch crashed down beside him.  The tree leaned heavily before stepping over the boy.  Looking down, the stunned old Ryder could see Drumpit scramble past, with his eyes still closed and a ruffling grey bird bobbing on his shoulder.  
The Ryder turned to watch Drumpit disappear around the bend.   He then shook his head and his long loosely tied beard fell off his shoulder.  Nova recognized the old Ryder.  He threw his beard back in place and approached them, a little slower than before.  It was Cone, the man that gave the saplings to the Tens after the play, the night before.  
Nova started to run again and turned widely around the tree as she followed after Drumpit.  When she passed Cone on his perch, he peered down at her.  He looked ghostly.  Then out of the corner of her eye, she could see that Avel just stood and stared up into the sky above them.
Coming around the bend, the path suddenly wound steeply down and she found herself looking out over the crowded village far below.  She could see Drumpit still hurtling down the slope with Toe flying just above his shoulder.  
The path drove down into the masses of people at the festival.  The crowds moved with wide brimmed hats between the carts full of brightly coloured foods, clothing and pottery.  Dotting between them, the mossy tree lofts perched over wide colourful banners hanging from their branches. 
But what Nova saw was strange.  Almost everyone faced the same direction and looked up to the sky in the east.  Instead of the chatter of the crowd, there was only whispering as Nova turned to see.  In the sky, a line of smoke reached over the treetops.   When it billowed into the canopy of cloud above, the smoke crawled underneath and out towards them.
Nova looked back down to see Drumpit rushing to the bottom of the hill.  Blocking the path just in front of him was a wobbly cart overflowing with sparklers.  Its portly owner was looking at the line of smoke in the sky.  He didn’t see Drumpit coming in time.   
Then with the sound of crashing and splintering wood, the portly man and everyone else around turned to see what happened.  In a pile of sparklers, Drumpit sat crumpled on the ground.  Toe hovered above him for a moment and then landed on one of the cart’s cracked wooden wheels.  The owner was speechless.  He just watched as the sparklers continued to trickle and thud out of what used to be his cart.    
Nova ran down the path but wasn’t sure how to help.  Drumpit was too big for her to pick up and there was nowhere to put the sparklers back.  
The man stood above him and started to blubber, ‘How didn’ you see my cart?  Are you blind?  You couldn’ see the bright blue sparklers?  Are you blind?’
In a daze Drumpit saw Nova walk towards him.  He stiffly sat up with more pieces of wood and sparklers thudding onto the ground.  Drumpit managed to stand.  Toe flapped its little wings off the wheel, bounced in the air and landed back on Drumpit’s shoulder.  It ruffled its feathers and closed its eyes before going back to sleep.  
Drumpit was trying his best not to look embarrassed.  He looked over at his bird as the owner muttered loudly and tried to gather armfuls of sparklers back into his cart.  One wheel seemed to work and he piled them onto that side.  Then that wheel snapped and they all rolled onto the ground again.
The owner’s eyes widened and his face turned a bright patchy red.  He pointed a chubby finger at Drumpit and was about to yell when they heard a tree stomping the ground above them.  
At the top of the path, Cone stood hammering the ground with his Tolu tree.  In front of him, Avel puffed and looked down over the crowd with his right eye.
Suddenly the hamming stopped and the booms echoed over the crowd.  They stared up at Avel, with some muttering silently to each other or looking nervously at the line of smoke still climbing in the sky.
‘Good friends,’ Avel said loudly over the mass of people.  ‘You have all seen the smoke.  There is nothing to fear.’  
A murmur rippled through the crowd.    
‘I have just heard that it comes from a burning tree in Drie Forest,’ Avel said over the chatter.  ‘There is nothing to fear as there have not been any monsters seen in Drie in this age.  It is probably just from lightning.’ 
Nova heard people in the crowd talk around her. 
‘Lighting fire doesn’t burn like that,’ someone said.
‘That looks like the smoke three years ago before the war,’ another whispered.    
Then Avel loudly directed, ‘But in the chance it is a signal, if something is being called here, I’m afraid we cannot ignore it.  We will have to end the festival early.’  Everyone around Nova talked nervously.  Cone stamped once with his tree and Avel waited for quiet.
‘You must stay calm.  We will escort everyone home or to safe locations far into the Southern Plains.’  The crowd became loud again and started to sway as the masses of people pressed against each other.  Cone pounded the earth three times before they began to be still and fall silent again.
‘Please, peacefully gather up your family and your things.  You will all leave by nightfall in small groups.  Each group will have a Tolu and Ly Ryder to accompany them.  You will get home safely and we will deal with whatever lit that tree.  Everyone meet back here in an hour and we will organize to leave together.’    
Avel abruptly turned back from view.  He was followed by Cone thumping after him.  As they left, Drumpit saw the patchy red face of the cart owner again.  Drumpit quickly gestured to Nova and they both ran from the pile of broken wood and blue sparklers to go back up the hill.  
Nova couldn’t hear the shouts of the owner over the noise of the crowd.  They swiftly wound up the path, around the corner and away from the shouting and clamour of the people below.  Far down the trail, Nova saw Avel talking to Cone.  Drumpit ran ahead of her.  She decided to wait, not wanting to be so near the tree as it moved.  The Tolu came to a slow stop and Nova could see Avel say something to Drumpit as he pointed back to her.  
Drumpit nodded as Avel and Cone turned and thudded away down the path.  He walked back and said, ‘I’m supposed to take you back to the Downs.’  Toe swayed forward as he stopped in front of her.  
All the feelings from before suddenly drifted back.  She had been so distracted by Drumpit and his little bird.  Nova’s heart floated down into her stomach.  She didn’t respond.  Ash was still missing and she didn’t want to face her father. 
She looked up and saw the line of smoke still crawling under the clouds above them.
‘I think I woke him up there,’ Drumpit said, looking at Toe lean towards Nova.  
Nova tried to smile.  His sleeping bird then started to tip right off his shoulder.

***

Drumpit was quiet as he led Nova back to the Downs.  They walked through hidden forest paths and she stayed close behind him.  
Nova thought of the smoke and all the stories she had once listened to. 
‘Every war with the Arachs started with a single burning tree,’ she remembered her father saying.    
But what could be coming that would cause everyone to leave?  She felt safer here in the forest with its powerful moving trees than in any tent on the Southern Plains. 
The path wound for a while before opening behind a twisting of bushes and into the Downs.  Nova could see the camp across the field with dozens of Ly Ryders gathered on their Volts around her father.  All were dressed in their full attire.  Long wide strips of their earthy fabric hung off their shoulders, elbows and waists with colourful patterns intricately woven into their backs, upper arms and chests.  The camp was nearly clean, with the tents, cooking supplies and trading items already packed.   In the center remained the large tent of her father’s, with her little tent beside it. 
Nova looked to see the tree Ash had been tied to.  The thick rusted chain was still wrapped around it with one long end broken and lying on the ground.  She felt hollow and wondered where he was. 
‘Do you want me to come with you?’ Drumpit asked as Nova stared into the Downs. 
‘Don’t you have to go with everyone else?’
‘I’m not leaving.  I need to find Marmel and Oreole after they get back from the Bog.  After that, if something comes out of Drie I’d rather be here than sleeping in some tent.’
‘Where will you hide?’
‘I’ll be in one of the lofts in the village.  If you need somewhere to go, just walk through there.  I’ll see you.’
Nova looked back into the Downs to see the Ryders around her father scatter and move toward the wider exits in the tree line.
Drumpit stood beside her and she knew he would come if she asked him.  
‘I’ll just go,’ she said finally.  
Drumpit reached up and leaned on an overhanging branch.  ‘Alright, maybe I’ll see you later then.’  She smiled.  Drumpit was trying to be overly casual to calm her down.  It seemed to work, a little.
Nova found some courage and walked out of the trail and into the openness of the Downs.  Across the field, her father saw her and dismounted.  She looked back at Drumpit, but he was quickly disappearing back into the forest.
Nova slowed as her father walked towards her.  The long folds of fabric streamed off his great frame with his chest and arms coloured in the intricate weaved pattern of the sun.  
Coming nearer, his eyes never looked away from her.  He glided a hand over his short shaven head before lightly running it down along the scar that started under his ear.   
When he stopped and stood over her, Nova wished the ground would open up at her feet.  But when she chanced to look up, she saw something different in her father’s eyes.  The stern and hard look he had around the other Ryders was gone.  His features softened.  They revealed his worry and disappointment.
‘Where did you go?’ he said, crouching down to her.
She wanted to tell him about Marmel and the Graveyard and about Drumpit and his Arlow.  She wanted to tell him she was at the play last night and how amazing it was when the Tens were given their little birds and trees.  She had made friends and saw wonderful, beautiful things here.  But the words just wouldn’t come. 
‘I’ve been looking...’ Bale said, trailing off and gazing at the ground beside her.  He looked at her again and noticed one long piece of fabric from her elbow had come loose and was dragging on the ground.  He leaned over and gently tied it up with the rest behind her back.  
‘Don’t leave me again like that, Nova.’ 
She looked up and nodded, meeting his gaze and pushing back tears in her eyes.  He slowly picked her up with her legs dangling in front of him and she rested her head on his shoulder.  Bale turned and walked back across the field.  She felt small as he easily carried her over the ground. 
‘Where’s Ash?’ she said in a whisper.  
‘I don’t know.  How far can an old blind Volt get?’
Nova smiled into his shoulder.
‘I’d send you away with the others, but I know you wouldn’t leave without him.  I don’t want you running away again.’
Suddenly Nova saw Stath crashing into the Downs on his Volt.  Stath’s young wolf was named Quill.  He was fully-grown, muscled and still had a playfulness in its eyes that she didn’t often see in Ash.  
Seeing Stath, Bale put Nova down beside him and regained the sternness that she was used to.
Alongside them, Stath dismounted as Bale said coldly, ‘And what did they make of our offer Stath?’
‘All the Redro are in agreement – except one,’ he said, short of breath as Quill pawed at the ground.  ‘With their King So-Vah gone, it needs to be unanimous.   The Birdman, Avel, he doesn’t agree to it.’
Bale stared at him as he spoke, ‘So Avel doesn’t think they need help defending this forest?  They are weak.  All that is left of them after the war are the very old and young.  We just ask for due payment for our Ly Ryders to stay and defend it.  They can spare some of their obsidian.’  Bale looked up at the line of smoke and ran his hand over his head.  ‘Has there been any sign of So-Vah since they lit that tree?’ 
‘No,’ Stath answered. ‘He traveled into Drie last night with the 13’s.  We sent scouts to search but they haven’t returned yet.’
Bale looked over to his Volt, a beast of a wolf named Barren.  It began to skulk towards them.  It was older and more powerful than Quill, with eyes full of pride.  
‘We have to assume,’ Bale directed, ‘So-Vah was swallowed up by whatever lit that tree.  Our Consumed, are they positioned north of the forest?’
Stath nodded with unease.
‘Bring them in through the Bog.  No one will notice with all the confusion.  When they’re here we’ll bring them to Avel’s perch on the Plateau.  We’ll show him we have control of them.  He’ll see how useful they’d be fighting whatever comes out of Drie Forest.  Our Consumed are dangerous, but there’s nothing they despise more than the Arachs and their hordes.’
Stath nodded again and mounted his Volt.  Quill stamped and whined excitedly as it turned to run.  He gave a glace to Nova before rumbling away and across the field to the north.
Bale watched him tear over the Downs and disappear on a pathway through the tree line. 
‘Now let’s go find Ash,’ he said, looking down at her with the coldness she was used to.  ‘I’ll need your help getting him untangled from whatever mess he’s in.  He seems to only listen to you now.’




Chapter 14



Ash in Chains



Nova sat in front of the campfire and watched the cinder float into the night sky.  Clusters of stars slowly moved across the darkness to make the ground seem to fall away from the heavens.  In the east the line of smoke had thinned to an ashen white.  High over the treetops it was taken by a wind to vanish into the cold twinkling light.
Nova and her father had spent the day looking for Ash.  She was told that when he broke free he had run straight into the river on the far side of the field.  Riding on Barren, they followed the river past the Downs to find him.    
‘Ash is a good swimmer,’ her father said as they first looked at the cold clear bottom of the rush of water.  She wondered if he could have swum out, not being able to see and weighed down with heavy chains.
‘You don’t know Ash like I do,’ her father replied to the question she couldn’t ask.  Ash had spent years with him.  She always heard that Ash was the fiercest and most powerful Volt in the clan.  But since he had grown older and lost his sight, Bale had treated him coldly and left him alone.  
They followed the path along the river and looked for a sign of something large coming out of it.  Her father told her the waterway is fed from the melting ice of the Ni-Reech Mountains.  It’s used mostly to irrigate the small farms in the forest before draining into the Bog in the north. 
The river wound past the tree line of the Downs and Nova gazed as the trail opened to fields of cotton.   Thin trenches were dug out from the river to line the soft white rows with water.   Further down, acres of wheat and barley were being harvested and tied into bushels all over the fields.  Stone cottages were also set alongside the river with wheels made of immense dried branches dipping into the water.  The cottages had thatched roofs with large round chimneys sticking out the top of each one.  
‘Not everyone lives in trees here,’ her father said.  ‘There are those that still follow the old ways.’  He pointed at the wheel and added, ‘That’s how they make their bread.  After they cut the stocks of grain, they grind them inside with that wheel.  Then they mix it with water and other things before baking them in the ovens.’  Nova could faintly smell the fresh bread that was made just hours before.  The people were gone and must have just gathered to leave with the others.
Bale and Nova kept following the river as it flowed north.  They came upon fields being cultivated with lines of dirt half tilled.  Small portly trees were left to stand motionless after cutting through the earth with their curled branches.  
Further on, the air became humid as the river moved down to the lower lying fields.  Around one stone house, Nova saw many colourful trees with fruits and vegetables covering the ground.  Her father pointed out lemons, avocados, sour apples, reddened grapefruit and different kinds of walnuts, pecans and almonds hanging from the wispy looking branches.  Underneath sprouted rows of watermelon, cabbage, broccoli, carrots and green onion with wide areas dedicated to spindly looking spices and herbs.  Up the sides of the cottage climbed tomatoes, grapes and peas to almost cover half of the outer walls.
Leaving the fields and down into the forest again, there was still no sign of Ash.  The river slowed, after being trenched into each field, to move in a wide murky stream.  As they reached the Bog, the daylight began to fade.  The sun had just set below the treetops and streaked the sky with purple and orange.  Some of the brightest stars started to peek through as the clouds cleared above them.  
‘You should be able to see his big paw prints on the riverbank,’ her father said as she caught him trying to look down at the bottom of the river.  
On the other side of the water, moss-covered rocks seemed to climb out of the ground.  The path levelled downward as she noticed white powdery lichen crawl over the branches above her.  
When they reached the path’s end, Nova crinkled her nose at the smell.  It was damp and sour.  In front of them the river tumbled down to pool and foam in a vastness of clouded stagnant water.
‘He must be in the Bog,’ her father said, looking out between the trees below them.  ‘If Ash is in there, we’ll find him. I’ve just sent Stath to come through that way.  Ash will find a way back to us.
‘We’d better get back,’ he ended.  ‘I still have to speak with Avel.’ 
Her father turned Barren and looked up at the wall of stone on the other side of the river.  ‘There is a ridge up the path that will lead us back to the Downs.  We should have a good view from the top.’
They crossed the stream and walked back before finding a path up the wall.  Nova held close.  The higher up the trail went, the more it switched back and forth over a drop.    As they climbed, she looked down at the Bog for Ash.  But nothing could be seen through the canopy of branches.  
Barren huffed and put his head down as they reached the top of the path.  Nova felt a wind from the east before looking up to see they were standing on one of the highest points in High Forest.   To the south, groups of people dotted the plains in long lines to the horizon.  Beside each group there was a Tolu tree and Ly Ryder leading them away.  Further in the distance, a large group of trees marched with a host of people from High Forest walking beneath.  She could see the blue and white robes of the Redro swaying in the branches as they moved out of sight.   
Nova looked down to her left and across the lake at Drie Forest.  Below the stretch of embers within, the lake reflected the plume of smoke in the sky.  
Now Nova was back in the Downs and sat alone at the campfire.  The winds started to race across the grasses and swayed the trees on the outer edge.  Away from her, only a half-dozen Ly Ryders remained and circled around her father.  They had names, but she had mostly forgotten them.  They were just called after the faint pictures embroidered on their chests and arms.  
With their heads shaven and their stern silent looks, people would often think they were Bale’s sons.  But she was his only child.  To her it was almost as if her father had six other sets of eyes. 
Over the wind she heard Bale direct something to Romance as he pointed at one of the paths.
Romance was given that name after a Weaver made him a colourful chest piece.  The picture was of a knight, clad in iron, holding a sword at his waist.  It was just the unfortunate angle of the upturned sword that produced giggles from the children in the clan.
‘That’s King Till, you rats!’ he would say as the kids laughed and scattered.  He would then mutter, ‘Children have no respect for the old stories.’ 
Bale walked over to Nova and signalled it was time to go.  He led her over to Barren and placed her up behind his ears before climbing on.  As Nova leaned forward and rested her chin into Barren’s course black fur, the great Volt huffed and started to thump over the ground.  With the other Ryders behind, they led the way out of the Downs.  
The trail seemed to run endlessly as they moved in a slow silent march.  Nova looked up and became transfixed by wind.  It made a hush in the branches above her.  Their bows creaked and looked like shadows against the star-lit sky.  
Suddenly one of the Ryders came alongside them.  ‘All of the Consumed have come through the Bog,’ he quickly reported to Bale.  ‘But Stath isn’t with them.’
Nova buried her face into Barren’s fur, wishing this was all over.
‘Keep them far behind us,’ Bale instructed.  ‘When we’re on the Plateau, I’d like to speak to Avel before you bring them on.’  Then after a pause, he ended, ‘Let me know when Stath shows up.’
Nova heard the Ryder fall back behind them.  She moved her head and listened, but she couldn’t hear the cruel snarls of the Consumed now surely following at a distance.  
The trail bent east and began to climb as the canopy of branches thinned above her.  The path was rough and Barren slowed with every fallen branch and half-buried stone.  Coming around a boulder, he huffed at the climb before the ground flattened and the path opened to the Plateau.  
Stretching out before them was an open plain.  It fell off on all sides and ended with wind-twisted trees clinging to the far edge.  In their branches fluttered countless birds and light flowers that framed the puffed figure of Avel.  Avel was dressed in a cloak with obsidian ornaments reflecting the light of the flowers.  Beside him the wind snapped the overly long sleeves of a blond haired boy. 
‘Marmel,’ she whispered to herself.
Reaching the opening, Bale steered Barren over to a bough that hung low beside the path.  It was just big enough for her to sit in.  ‘Wait for me here, Nova.  If Avel gets upset, I don’t want you getting nipped by one of those silly birds.’
Nova hesitated and then stood up behind Barren’s neck.    She reached and grappled the branch as her father helped her up and then onto her feet.  Nova walked carefully along the bough before reaching the trunk.
Looking down, she saw five Ryders gather behind her father as the wind picked up through the branches.  Bale said something to them before he led them all onto the Plateau.   Out of the trees, the wind drove down from behind and streamed the long lines of their fabric far in front of them.  
The birds in the trees fluttered their wings as the Ryders approached.  Bale stopped in front of Avel and Marmel, and then moved to look out over the edge.
Suddenly Nova heard clicks and growls carry over the wind behind her.  She looked and saw a Ryder lead a pale hulking line onto the path.  Covered in knotted fur, their bodies clung to Volts with their long misshapen heads buried in the beasts’ shoulders.  Some of the figures dangled one hand over the side to drag the tips of their spears.  The yellow eyes of their Volts blinked over barred teeth to stare ahead as they marched.  
The first Consumed silently limped ahead of the others.  The figure arched to rise off its Volt and flashed its white eyes to gaze over the Plateau.  Nova could see a scar running down the figure’s back.  It ended over the stomach of the beast it rode on.  
Without stopping, the Ryder led them onto the plain as they fanned out behind him.  For the first time Nova was close enough to see there were twenty-three of the creatures.  The scarred figure marched ahead as the Ryder dropped back and away from the horde.  
Then she heard something that made her turn.  There was a drag of a heavy metal chain.  One last Consumed lurched forward on the path and sat almost upright on its Volt.  With its spear lying across the beast, it gripped onto a chain that ran far behind it.  Its length fell to the ground and Nova saw it end around a large stumbling Volt.
She opened her mouth to scream his name, but the wind took her breath across the Plateau.  The figure stopped and she saw its mouth gape under its eye.  Its other eye was completely missing.  
Nova turned back to the plain, hearing the horde prowl toward Marmel and Avel.  The five Ryders moved back to make way as countless grey and red yellow birds started to flutter from the trees.  Suddenly they all lifted off at once to swirl above.  The Volts of the Ryders whined and stomped at the sight.  They then moved further back to the northern edge of the Plateau.  
But the scarred figure still led the horde forward. 
Nova could see Avel raise his hand, and with a gesture, they drove down at the scarred figure in a swirling column of wings and claws.  The other Consumed rose from their beasts as they stumbled back from the lashing of the birds.    
Then the one-eyed figure below Nova let out a cruel shriek.  It yanked Ash’s chain toward the Plateau.  
Seeing him stagger forward, Nova silently cried his name.  Ash stopped, raised his head and perked his ears at the sound.  The chain tightened around his chest and neck as the one-eyed figure tried to pull him onward. 
‘Ash,’ Nova whispered.   Ash turned and she saw his wide clouded eyes.  He crashed towards her and yanked the figure off its beast.  Still holding the chain, the Consumed screeched as its body flailed through the air, hit the truck of a tree and collapsed onto the ground.  Its Volt became unhinged.  It snapped its teeth at the air before running into the open plain, leaving its spear to rattle off its back.  
On the Plateau, Avel had turned to hide Marmel.  Her father held out his hand and screamed something she couldn’t hear.  The birds funneled from the scarred figure and left him hunched and torn, barley clinging to its beast as it riled in pain.  The horde suddenly rushed at Avel.  They flashed rusted metal as they screamed.  Then with one motion, the scarred figure lifted its spear and released it to arc and deaden into Avel’s side.
Suddenly over the wind Nova heard a deep rumble in the ground.  The trees surrounding Avel came loose as he weakly shuffled back from the edge.  The earth beneath Marmel gave way and the boy vanished over the side of the cliff.  From the cloud of birds above, a column of grey wings churned out to funnel down after Marmel.
The trees lurched forward into the horde and crashed down with their heavy gnarled branches.  From across the Plateau, the raging lone Volt snarled and ran straight into them.  But in a muffled yelp, it was crushed by the trees.    Another branch pierced right through a second Consumed.  It picked up the writhing mound of fur as the beast and its Ryder were tossed out over the edge.  The trees then marched to break their line.  But the horde scattered to draw them into the middle of the Plateau.  
Avel was lifeless.  He teetered with the spear angled out from his body.  The wind flapped his heavy cloak and he tipped forward to disappear over the edge.  The remaining birds above him scattered in every direction as the hamming trees slowed to freeze in their place.  Raising their spears, the horde made a ghastly cheer.  The trees rested motionless without Avel. 
Nova could barely breathe.  She gazed down from her perch and saw Ash had lifted his great body to sniff the air for her.  Crouching down, she touched behind his ears.  His eyes lighted and she thought he might jump up there with her.  To calm him, Nova pressed her forehead on the fur between his eyes before she climbed down behind his ears.  He stood proudly again as she felt the chain that wrapped around his neck.  
Nova saw her father lean over the edge where Avel had fallen.  Then he turned back at the scarred figure to see it bent in agony over its beast.  Bale’s face filled with rage.  He pointed his spear as Barren’s eyes flashed beneath.  Measuring the weapon in his hand, he released it to sink into the torn chest of the Consumed that killed Avel.  
Its beast coiled, as the wounded figure stiffly clung to it, before suddenly charging at Bale.  With unexpected speed it lunged to clamp its teeth around the throat of Barren.   Bale’s Volt heaved its great body.  It twisted from the grip, but the creature would not let go.  Barren yelped and crashed to the ground, sending Bale tumbling to land down hard beside them.
Seeing him fall, Nova screamed into the wind.  Ash’s fur rippled beneath her.  He charged from the tree towards his master with the chain rattling after. 
Bale’s men had been driven back by the fray.   They stood at a distance.  Suddenly they leaned forward in a torrent to glide through the trees to their leader.  
As its beast still gnawed on Barren’s neck, the scared figure took Bale’s spear from its chest.  Nova could see a curtain of blood flow over its ragged clothes.  
Then the scattered horde came alive.  They let out a rattling screech and gathered in a line between the trees, cutting off the six Ryders from Bale.  The Ryders skidded in the dirt.  They tried to turn as the horde breathed in a hiss and coiled their spears in the air.  The creatures released a volley of metal to deaden into the fur and the fabric of the men.  As they crumpled and rolled down onto the ground, the horde snarled off their beasts to creep over the wounded heap.   
Then Nova heard a loud clang beside her.  Ash’s neck yanked backwards and her legs slipped off his back.  By the scruff of his fur, she dangled over the side.  
Ash choked and groaned as his head tipped to the ground.  He tried to yank free, but a spear had driven his chain to wedge into a rock beneath him.  Then a shivering scream echoed from behind.  The one-eyed figure was standing again with its jaw hung loose, staring at her with a pale white gaze.  It started to move toward them with its body bent and almost dragging one hand behind it.  
 Suddenly from the pathway she heard the thuds of paws.  Riding Quill, Stath exploded onto the Plateau.  Stath’s spear was tucked under his arm as Quill thundered over the plain.  Hearing the noise, the one-eyed figure turned only to see Quill hammer into it.  The creature’s body tumbled and twisted over the ground as it was trampled and crushed.
Without slowing, Stath brushed past them.  He smashed the spear holding them to the rock as Ash growled and pulled huge stones from the ground.  Then with a clang his chain was set free.  Ash reeled back and huffed as it loosened around his neck.
Stath rumbled past and Ash grunted and picked up his trail.  Nova could hear the long chain rattling over the stones and arching into the air from the speed.  
In front of them, the Consumed limply raised Bale’s spear.  Bale helplessly stared as he watched the carnage before him.  The horde was crawling though the dead and dying Ryders to retrieve their buried spears or muffle any that still screamed in pain. 
 The pale blood of the figure streamed down its chest and ran to drip off the end of the spear.  Putting one hand to its opened wound, the other coiled the weapon to run it through Bale.
 Over Quill, Stath leveled his blade and swept past the figure.  Its body slumped over as its head rolled off onto the ground.  The beast it rode on let go of Barren, dying with its Ryder.  
Seeing Stath turn and come around, Bale rose from the ground.   He looked at Nova before gazing at his Volt.  Anger burned in his face and he limped over to climb onto Ash.  He rested for a moment.  She heard him slowly draw Ash’s chain around his arm.  
One of the horde looked up with a bloodied mouth.  It let out a howl as the others rose from the butchery.
‘If you want us to live Bale, we must leave from here!’ Stath screamed as the wind took his voice out over the edge.  The Consumed started to pull their spears and mount their beasts.
 ‘Then take us to the trees, Nova,’ Bale commanded.  Stath quickly turned and started back across the Plateau with Nova moving Ash to follow.  The ghastly sounds of the horde were muffled as they moved into the wind.  All she could hear was the huff of Ash and the rattle of the length of chain.  Coming back through the opening, the wind moved to rustle the branches overhead.  They flew down the path as Nova closely followed Quill back into the forest.





Chapter 15



When Mountains Woke from Distant Sleep



‘Follow us, you devils,’ Bale grit as he looked behind.
Coming down the path, Nova was focused on the ground as many rocks and branches littered the trail.  Thoughts of Marmel and the butchery of the Consumed rippled over her mind.    But she quickly pushed the thoughts away.  She couldn’t drift away from Ash.  He was weighed down by the shackles and strained with each small leap or turn with her and Bale on his back. 
But as the path levelled and widened, Ash let out a grunt and picked up speed.  They came up alongside Stath and he raised his voice over the huffs and heavy thumping paws of their Volts. 
‘There’s been news of the King.’
‘From where?’ Her father snarled back.
‘One of the 13’s made it back from Drie.  The King is alive.’
‘But what lit that tree?’
 ‘Something that came out of the ground.  There’s been a Gathering of Manti.  They grabbed some of those kids and pulled them down into the caverns.’
‘How many?’
‘I think they lost about ten of them.’ 
Nova couldn’t believe.  She thought of Fredrick and all the 13’s lined up on the stage the night before.  They lost ten of them.
‘No, how many Manti?’
‘Nearly three dozen.  So-Vah killed seven of them before they crawled back down below.’  
‘They don’t Gather on their own,’ Bale said over Ash’s rasping breath.  ‘Something called the Manti there.’
They sped around a bend in the path and she heard the chain draw as it swept over the ground behind them. 
 ‘So-Vah guided the 13’s to the south to meet up with the others.  He’s going to lead the Tolus back here,’ Stath continued.
‘And our Ryders?’
‘They’re following orders and staying to the south.’  
 ‘Bring them back,’ her father growled. ‘There’s more than a few Manti down there. 
‘Where is this messenger?  Where is this child that made it out of Drie?’
‘After I saw him he met up with another boy.  They’re hiding in one of the lofts in the village.’   
There was a silence before snarls and howls echoed far behind them.  Ash slowed his pace and Nova felt his fur twinge.
‘I will deal with the Consumed,’ Bale said as Stath came back beside them.  ‘I’ll draw those devils out of the forest and then drive them into the Gathering.  They’ll be torn apart.’
Stath hesitated and looked down at Nova.  
‘Now go,’ her father commanded.  ‘Bring our Ryders back.  I don’t want to see this place burned like the others.’
 Stath nodded and rumbled away to disappear down the path.  With Quill out of sight, Ash slowed his breath and started to walk.  
There was a silence before her father grunted, ‘They’re not following us yet.
‘And Ash needs to rest,’ he said as he slid off with a strain to land on his feet.  ‘He’s not used to carrying me around anymore.’ 
Bale reached up and put his hand on Ash’s head before grabbing the chain along the ground.  With a quiet grunt he heaved the metal over his shoulder and started forward.
‘Is this what you were groaning about?’ he said, hardly able to conceal the strain of the weight.
Standing a little taller, Ash huffed lightly. 
Bale led them down the trail as the wind rustled in the branches.  For a while Nova leaned over Ash and listened, but she couldn’t hear any more of the ghastly howls through the breeze.  The trail bent again and she saw her father hunch slightly under the chain.  
With another turn, the path opened into the wide spaces of the village.  
‘It’s your turn, Ash,’ her father said, dropping the shackles on the ground and straightening his back. 
They stood for a moment and Nova gazed at the flags that billowed underneath the tree lofts.   Some of their small rounded windows had a feint white glow from light flowers left behind.  
Nova hoped Drumpit was here and that Fredrick was the messenger that made it out of Drie.
With a quick look behind, her father walked out into the village as Ash slowly followed.  Over the ground littered things left by the crowds.  They walked around broken carts and crates, torn cloth, crushed hats and other pieces of garbage.  
As they came around a cart, spilled over with half-eaten apples, they heard a whisper.  
‘Nova’
Nova looked across the village.  There was a small window with a silhouette of a boy.
‘Nova,’ he whispered again.  Another taller boy peeked out as well.
‘Who is it?’
‘Do you know these boys?’ Bale said, stopping and looking back at her.
‘One of them,’ Nova answered seeing Drumpit wave.  The taller one knocked his hand away.
‘I can’t see.’ 
‘Cover, they need to know where we are, you git.’
‘Go and tell them to be quiet and stay put,’ Bale said gruffly.  ‘I need to find some water for Ash and maybe something to cut these chains.  He needs to rest a little more before he has one last run.’  Her father turned and they started to make a line for the loft.
‘They’re coming over here,’ one of the boys said.
Walking up beneath the loft, Bale waited until Nova reluctantly climbed off onto one of the branches that spiralled up the trunk.  Ash turned and sniffed the air for her, but was pulled back by his chain.      
Her father stood holding the length with Ash coming off his front paws.  ‘If they come before I do, don’t scream,’ Bale said, tightening the shackles.  ‘They won’t know you’re here unless you make a sound.’
‘If who comes?’ Cover whispered.
‘Our Consumed are in the forest,’ Bale answered.
There was only silence and some rustling of feet above her.
‘If something happens to me,’ her father said, ‘sneak out of here and run as far as you can to the south.’
Nova clung to the tree and nodded.   As her father turned to leave, Ash wouldn’t move. He wanted to stay with her.  Bale reached up and whispered something to him before Ash huffed and turned to follow.  They disappeared into the dark spaces of the village and Nova listened as the drag of his chain moved further and further away.
‘Is she coming?’ Cover whispered above her.
‘Are you coming?’ Drumpit asked.  But Nova just leaned into the tree and couldn’t move.  This all needed to end.  She tried to push away what she had seen and any thought of what was to come.  It was hard to breathe.  She wanted to call out to her father to come back.  
‘She’s not coming,’ Drumpit whispered.  
Suddenly, growls filled the distance across the village. 
‘What is that?’
‘Over there.  Look.  Look at their eyes.’
‘Why are they coming over here?’
Nova trembled on the branch.  Above her she heard thumps and rustling before Drumpit whispered, ‘What are you going to do with that?’ 
‘I’m going to wear it’
‘For what?’
‘To scare them away.’
‘Keep it down.  We won’t have to unless they know we’re here.’ 
Nova heard something slide and then there were thumps on the floor.
‘What if I have these?’
‘That’s not going to work.’
‘Look, there’s some flint over there.’
She heard someone walk across the loft.
‘They’re not turning away.  I think one of them is looking at me.’
‘Get down!’
As they drew closer, Nova felt her mind drift away.  Every noise was far and out of focus.  She thought she heard the sound of Ash’s chains and her father shouting her name.  
Then a clank of metal on metal echoed below.  There was a driving yell, the stifling of roars, snapping of jaws and the clinking draw of the chain. 
Suddenly, words of her father cleared in her mind.  Between a choking snarl she heard him droll, ‘Closer, Devil.’
‘There Ash!  Feel where he is and tear them apart!’
Through the gnaws and yelps, she sensed something below her and the air became alive.  At a glance she could see more yellow-eyed beasts crouching low to the ground in a prowl. 
With a yell, her father rattled the chains and shouted her name.  He told her to run.  Nova looked a saw him and Ash rumble away with a pack of the Consumed close behind.  
As he moved toward southern gate, they swept around to drive him away.  Ash turned and stumbled as the horde just gripped their spears and hissed beneath their hanging jaws.  Ash rose to rumble past a rock face at the edge of the village.   She saw them turn down the path to the Stage before they disappeared between the trees.
The horde followed closely behind.  But after the last beast cleared from the plain, there was a dreadful silence.  
Suddenly Nova heard a yelp and she screamed for her father and Ash.  
Without a thought she leaped from her perch.  But when Nova landed on the ground, she glanced to see their violent wake.  Hulks of four beasts lay motionless with their Ryders strewn beside them.  Some lifelessly gripped onto their necks or their raw gnashing wounds.  Others sat pinned to the earth, flailed by their own spears.  
Nova heard Cover and Drumpit yell her name as she ran past the rock face and onto the path.  See saw a white and yellow glow inch over the trail before it opened to the Stage.  
For a moment she thought of the play.  The grounds she stood on used to overflow with people, costumes and laughter.  Nova thought of the scene where King Bubo conjures the Scary to protect his daughter from the war-loving King So-Kai.  Dressed as an old man, So-Kai sneaks into Bubo’s city and runs into a Commander gone completely mad.  Among other things, the Commander saw the people around him turning into fruits and vegetables.  He saw what the audience did.  There were kid soldiers dressed in watermelons and the wind was filled with children in giant snowflakes.  But now that seemed to be from another time.
Nova saw the horde move around the Stage as they gnashed and hissed at the center.  In the middle was Ash lying flat on his side with her father sitting and leaning against him.  Through the prowl, Nova saw Ash breathe as her father looked at her with an empty gaze.  
Above the scene towered ancient moss-covered trees.  The night before their branches were filled with many people surrounding the King.  Now they sat empty and the crown and ornaments he had hung high in the boughs were gone.
Nova saw an opening in the circle and fearlessly ran through.  One of the beasts snapped its jaw as she passed before she heard the horde rasp when she came out into the open.  Flying over the ground, Nova ran to her father and laid herself in his arms.  He didn’t speak, but just held her close with his hand coldly shaking.  His other hand tried to cover a wound at his side.  She saw it ran down to also cut mortally into Ash.
Looking up, she saw one of the creatures dismount and then start to crawl across the ground.  She could see its bloodied mouth open as it came near.  Three sets of teeth circled its jaw with visceral clinging to their jagged ends.
Nova could almost feel its breath when suddenly it looked to the side.  She saw a blue reflection in its eyes as it started to scream and tilt back.  Then with a sifting crackle, blue sparks exploded off its chest and rained off in a brilliant light.  The creature fell back in fear as another volley of sparks hit its back as it scrambled to flee.  
Squinting from the light, Nova turned to see one hulking figure standing from the path.  It was covered in countless pieces of dried wheat stocks with a long thin mask sticking out between its shoulders.  In its hands it held sparklers that shot rapidly in every direction.  It was one of the Olin costumes the parents wore the night of the play.  
The Consumed screamed in fear as they were hit with showers of searing blue light.  As the creatures fled, the Olin skulked forward.  The horde disappeared into the trees and were trailed by more sparklers that arched across the Stage.  
Their howls echoed further off and Nova watched as the Olin stood before them.  She saw Drumpit peek his head around the costume before he came out with an armful of sparklers.  A few fumbled to the ground.  The Olin reached up to remove the mask.  Beneath, Cover breathed heavily as he looked around at the tree line.  He then awkwardly climbed out of his costume and led Drumpit across the Stage to Nova. 
‘We have to go,’ he said quickly. ‘They’re going to come back.’
Nova felt her father’s grip loosen around her.  Ash’s breath slowed and weighed him to the ground.
Cover was right.  They had to run.  But she couldn’t leave them.  Nova slowly climbed in behind Ash’s ears and pressed her forehead into his fur.  He had to move.  
Tears started to come to her eyes.  They dripped deeply into his coat.  He had to move.  
Then with a huff, the great Volt lifted his head and groaned as he turned his body to rise.  She leaned and her father reached to hold on, gripping to the side as Ash struggled to stand.  
Nova couldn’t look up and willed him to go.  She heard Cover say something before there was a rattle of the chains and Ash started to limp forward.  
For the next while, all she heard were the footsteps and whispers of the boys as they led them through the forest.  To her they hardly moved, as with each step, she could feel a pain wince through Ash’s body.  But he didn’t make a sound.  Ash carried her and her father with grit and pride.
Nova noticed her father’s arm around her had stopped shaking. His weight shifted as his muscles relaxed, but he was still able to cling to the side of Ash.
Once in a while she heard an echo of the Consumed.  The sounds moved further and further away until suddenly there was a chorus of snarls in the distance.
‘They found the costume,’ Cover whispered loudly.
‘Let’s go.  We’re almost there.’
Nova chanced to look up.  They were near the edge of a path with two ancient rotting trees marking the entrance to the Graveyard.
Again the growls filled the distance, but they were closer than before.  Nova thought it wouldn’t be hard for the Consumed to track them.  The wound was still dripping.  It would make a nice path to follow.
They limped through the entrance and moved between the rotting stumps of the Ancient Tolus.  The great tree in the center towered over them with its branches twisting into a canopy of leaves overhead. 
As they wound their way in, the snarls grew louder.  
Cover and Drumpit led them into a corner covered with tall grass.  There stood a tree with a hollow trunk that leaned on one large swollen branch.  The other branch was ripped from its socket many years before, with only small green shoots in its place.  
Ash flumped down into the grass and struggled to breathe.  Her father slid off to rest on his wounded side and seemed to breathe in time with his dying Volt.
Nova looked to see Drumpit holding a few last sparklers in his hands.
 ‘Is that all you have left?’ Covered whispered.
 ‘Where are all your birds then?’ Drumpit replied. 
‘There are hardly any left in the forest.’ 
Nova thought of all the birds that Avel had amassed on the Plateau.  They had all dove down to follow his body to the lake.
‘I have my sampling here,’ Drumpit said as he snuck out quickly.  When he returned he held a slightly bent little tree.
‘Great,’ Cover said. ‘We’ll fight them off with a few sparklers and a stick.’ 
The air had grown quiet and they all stopped to listen.  None of the snaps or howls had been heard in a while.  
Then with a padding of paws, Nova knew the Consumed had followed them into the Graveyard.  
Then high over top of them, the canopy of leaves stirred without any wind.  Even the old one-armed tree behind them creaked with the movement.
When Cover took a sparkler, Drumpit tucked his sapling under his arm to take out a flint to light it.  
Suddenly a hulk of a Consumed walked into view.   The beast padded to a stop before opening its yellow eyes to gaze over each one of them.
Under its stare, Nova leaned back into Ash as the boughs of the trees groaned and snapped above her.  She could hear the quiet prowl of the beast inching closer and then the sound of Drumpit fumbling with the flint.
Fliiit
‘It won’t light.’
Fliiit.  Fliiit.
Nova heard a deafening sound. She felt the earth move as if the wind was ripping the trees from their roots.
‘Give me that.’
Fliit....Fliiit, Fliit.
She looked to see the sparkler ignite.  Cover pointed it at the creature.  The Consumed began to rise and it opened its eyes to reflect the flickering light.  Bits of blue rained down behind Cover before it went off in his hands and weakly spiralled over the creature’s shoulder.  
They took a step back.  Drumpit grabbed his sapling from beneath his arm.  He held it out at the beast as it trembled in his hand.
The creature’s eyes widened with fear.  They were as pale and white as all the others.  Drumpit bravely took a step forward, but it was not looking at him.  It opened its mouth as a massive branch swung down from above.  Nova only heard a grunt as the beast and its Ryder were crushed into the earth. 
She jumped to her feet and looked.  The hollow tree had come alive.  Nova moved to see a crack form in its truck before its base split apart.  
With one long stride, the Ancient landed just beside the boys as they reeled back out of the way.  Nova heard crackling overhead as the tree untangling itself from the canopy, sending dead branches down at them from above.   Drumpit and Cover scrambled into Nova.  They all tumbled back to hit the bark of another tree.
Suddenly she felt herself lifted upwards.  Cover and Drumpit heaved her into one of the boughs and climbed up after.  As they saw the Ancient step over the lifeless beast, more sounds of life from the trees echoed through the Graveyard.
Nova looked down for Ash and her father.  But suddenly with a thunderous crack, their tree began to move as well.   She realized they had climbed into another Ancient.  It leaned forward and they dangled over the side as it ripped from the growth.  Nova barely gripped onto the bark.  It came off in chunks or caved into the hollow of the trunk.
In two strides the Ancient stretched from the brush and out into the open.  They regained their footing enough to look out over the Graveyard.  The torn, scarred and rotting stumps of trees that dotted the plain had awoken.  With roaring cracks they ripped from their roots to drive the beasts back from their resting place.
The trees shook the ground.  From every corner of the Graveyard, the Ancients were gathering and the Consumed scattered before them.
The beasts backed into the entrance as a stump crashed into the horde.  One beast rammed through it.  The stump shattered over the ground.  With a hiss a few more lined their spears at the trees, only to lose them in the Ancients’ trunks.  
Suddenly one creature let out a screech.  The horde gathered to run.  
As the Ancient they rode picked up speed to follow, Nova looked back helplessly at her father and Ash still lying in the grass.  Her father’s eyes were closed.  He took a final breath.
His body was still for a moment before his eyelids slowly opened.  As Nova tumbled out of the Graveyard in the funnel of trees, his pale white eyes turned to gaze in her direction.  



ii



King So-Kai and the Scary
Adapted from ‘King So-Kai and the Terror’ as a children’s play

Act II Scene III

Note: To change King So-Kai’s watermelon soldiers to King Bubo’s Royal Guard, add a purple sash and the tall skinny hats.

Inside King Bubo’s City Gate

Enter crowds of people walking

Soldier (offstage): Open the gates! 

Tolus hit the ground once

Enter children dancing dressed like snowflakes

Soldier (offstage): Close the gates! 

Tolus hit the ground again

Enter King So-Kai disguised as an old hobbling man

King So-Kai: This weather.  I’ll have to pick someplace warmer to besiege next year.  Maybe a nice castle on the beach.  Somewhere there are less people freezing to death outside.

Exit children dancing dressed like snowflakes 

King So-Kai: So this is Bubo’s great city.  I’ve never walked into someone else’s kingdom while all the buildings are still standing.  It’s usually all crumbled and burnt.  And look at the people.  In the rubble there might be a hand or a foot sticking out here and there.  But no one walking around like these ones.

Enter Captain also disguised as an old man

Captain: Sir, it worked.  

King So-Kai: Captain, everyone is still alive in here.

Captain: And they let us through the gates dressed like this.  It would have taken a thousand of our men to break in.   All we needed were these old robes and to walk with a hunch.

King So-Kai: Your hunch is fantastic by the way.  You look like a 90 year old.  A 90 year old that just dropped something.

Captain: I stopped hunching back there.  

King So-Kai: Well then your posture is terrible.

Captain: You don’t need to stand like that anymore.  The guards aren’t looking.

King So-Kai: I can’t stand up straight in here.  I would look like a god to this city. If I stood up the buildings might catch fire on their own.  Then they would just crumble and fall on everything.  

One citizen looks at them strangely

Captain: Yes, that would slow us down.  

King So-Kai: The people.  The people might start to bow and worship me.  

Captain: Sir, we need to hurry and find Alexa.  

King So-Kai: Right.  I don’t want to dilly-dally and have to step over everyone to find her.

More citizens look at them strangely

Captain: Sir.

King So-Kai: Captain, you smell like death.  You’re supposed to smell old.  Not like a corpse.

Captain: Sir, we should keep moving.  I don’t trust these people.  I heard some have gone mad from our siege.

King So-Kai: Did you get those clothes from the pit?  I took my cloak from that old man at the side of the road.

Captain: Let’s split off to look for Alexa.  I’ll go to the market and meet you back here.

King So-Kai: He was just nearly dead.  See I smell old, but not dead.  

Captain: Sir.

King So-Kai: Yes, go.  I’m tired of standing so close to your stink. 

Exit Captain

Enter Royal Guard singing a marching song

Brum, brum, tumble dee
Bubos Royal Guard are we
Brum, brum tumble calls
Defend the great city walls
Brum, brum tumble dit	
From So-Kai, the small nosed git

Enter Alexa dressed as a Royal Guard 

Royal Guard: Here comes the Commander.  I heard he’s gone mad.  He thinks we’re dressed in watermelons and there are children in the snowflakes.  Look, here he comes.  Stand to!

Enter Commander

Commander: In a line!

Alexa and Royal Guard line up for inspection

Royal Guard: Commander!

Commander inspects the Guard

Commander: (To King So-Kai) Do you see this one old man?  This Guard.  This Guard has too much hat.  Old man, first they have too much hat then they have too many feet.  Look at them.

King So-Kai: Commander.

Commander: Watermelons.  They’re dressed in watermelons.  How are we to fight So-Kai wearing fruit?

King So-Kai: Commander, they all have the same hat, two feet and are wearing the royal armour.  I don’t see watermelons. 

Commander: Broccoli.  They would do better with broccoli to attack that tower he built.

King So-Kai: But that tower is not for war.  It’s a gift for Alexa.

Commander: You mean her over there?  She snuck into the Guard you know.  We all know it’s her.  

King So-Kai hobbles over to look 

Commander: She hates the tower.  It was made from pieces of a nearby town.

King So-Kai: They weren’t using it.  Not after it started to catch fire.  It’s made of the finest wood and stone.  Red cedar from the roof of their orphanage.  Fine metals and even glass from schools, their great halls, and sanctuaries.  Even alabaster stone from this building for sick people.  ‘A hospital,’ they screamed.  Without the stone it would fall or something.  Why can’t they use a pit for sick people like everyone else?  But once they saw the tower they must have thought it was a better use for the materials.

Commander: She joined the Guard to knock that thing down.  But King Bubo asked me to just keep her out of trouble.  I had her guarding that fruit stand.  Then I saw the owner turn into a carrot.  Very dangerous, those carrots.

King So-Kai: Where’s Bubo?

Commander: Locked himself in the cathedral.  Bubo is insane.  He’s naked in there you know.  Stirring a giant caldron with a wooden spoon.   Says he’s conjuring some ancient monster called the Scary to destroy So-Kai.  

King So-Kai: A Scary?

Commander: Insanity.  It doesn’t exist.  It’s supposed to be some monstrous shadow that would reach above the city.  It has great powerful arms, can light things on fire and spews many legged creatures from below its vaporous body.  

King So-Kai: Sounds fantastic.  But why would old Bubo want that?

Commander: To destroy So-Kai.  He knows that warmonger is after his daughter.  

King So-Kai: You’re Commander of the Royal Guard.  Are you not supposed to be protecting the King?

Commander: It is my Royal Duty to make sure he doesn’t fall into the big pot.

Drumming by Tolu Trees

Commander: What is that noise?  The doors!  Do you see?   The doors of the Cathedral open on their own!  

Enter children dancing dressed like snowflakes

Exit crowds fleeing

Commander: What is this wind through the doors?  Why are the snowflakes so big?  You see!  There are children inside of them!

King So-Kai: What are you talking about?  Bubo has let loose an arctic wind from the Cathedral for sure.  Children in snowflakes?  What are you talking about?

Exit children dancing dressed like snowflakes

Commander: There stands the naked king.  He’s in the big pot.  

King So-Kai: Why does the caldron water swirl around him?  His body moves with it in some grossly revealing dance.

Alexa: Father!

Commander: Guard!  Get the King out of the pot!

Exit Alexa and the Royal Guard

King So-Kai: Alexa!

Commander: What is this black cloud?

Fly a murder of crows across the stage

Commander: What rises from the cauldron?  Tell me what you’re seeing old man.  I don’t always trust myself.  Not since I put on these pants.  They drove me mad.

King So-Kai: Commander, a great black hand reaches out.

Tolus thump once and then rumble on the ground

King So-Kai: The roof of the Cathedral.  The roof is smashed open and things are starting to catch fire.  There go your men.  The hand is throwing them one by one across the city.  Except for that one.  He made a bit of a mess with that one.  

Commander: Alexa.  The princess is staying back.  

Tolus Thumps again

King So-Kai: Another hand.  Beneath it Bumbo’s body is flapping like a great rippling mast.  Princess!  Now it has taken hold of Alexa!

Alexa screams offstage

Rumble of Tolus and another murder of crows fly across the stage.

King So-Kai: It’s pulling out its monstrous head.  The thing hardly has eyes and the mouth looks like it was punctured into its face. It carries Alexa high into the air with its long unnatural body.  

Commander: What are those?

King So-Kai: Below its vapour, hordes of little beasts crawl out of the cauldron.  All those legs.  They’re scattering out of the rubble.

Enter dancing Minions

King So-Kai: Don’t you see this?  Do something, Commander.

Commander: I would if it were true.  No.  I haven’t believed you since you turned into a grapefruit.  I trust them even less than carrots.

King So-Kai: What?  I’m a grapefruit?

Commander: And a liar.  Stay here while I get my sword.  I’ll end your lies, you giant tarty orange!  

Exit Commander

Enter Captain

Minions circle the Captain and King So-Kai

Captain: Sir, we must leave!

King So-Kai: Not before I deal with this. 
 
King So-Kai: (To Scary) This is my city to burn down, monster, not yours!  

King So-Kai: (To Captain) I’ve decided to reveal myself.  When I stand before this fiend, I think it will dissolve in terror at the sight of me.

Captain: How about a little further away from all the fire and these horrible creatures.

King So-Kai: No, I’ll stand here.  He has Alexa in that meaty hand.  I’ll need to catch her when she falls.

Captain pulls over a wheeled cart	

Captain: Here, stand on this.  You’ll look even taller.

King So-Kai: Very well.

King So-Kai stands on the cart, closes his eyes and throws off his cloak.

Captain: Make way!  

Captain pulls King So-Kai through the Minions and offstage

Captain: Open the gates!  Make way! 

Tolus thump the ground

End scene	 




Chapter 16



What Lies Beneath the Fire



Marmel came out of the lake as an icy wind blew over the water.  It wrapped around his soaked tunic and satchel to feel like they hung from his body in a cold weight.  On his shoulder, Cai gripped her claws and fluttered as Marmel gazed in front of him.   
As he stood, the trees of Drie Forest burned in a dying fire.  They glowed red beneath a dusting of ash that layered onto the branches and down over the ground.   Marmel could feel the heat radiate from within.  Above it, smoke billowed out before it was pushed away in the breeze.
With another flutter of her wings, Cai nestled down beside his neck.
Chirp! his little bird peeped sharply.  Marmel winced, as it was right next to his ear.  
Peep!
Marmel turned his head from the noise and was sure that Cai was telling him to get moving.  He knew if he didn’t he would freeze.  He looked down and saw Cai’s blue and yellow feathers were tucked nicely to hide her feet and claws.  Her tiny body looked puffed and agitated as she quickly glanced around.  He was amazed that she had just flown down after him from the Plateau in the dark.  
Chirp!
‘All right, Cai,’ Marmel replied as he took a step onto the shore.  He could feel long scratches stinging all over his body.  When the Arlows lifted him out of his fall and across the lake, he couldn’t believe he wasn’t hurt more with their claws.  
Suddenly Marmel saw something move deep within the forest.  It was hard to see in the heated air, but he thought a Tolu and its Ryder walked between the cindering trees.   Then it disappeared, followed only by a low booming sound that echoed across the ground.  
Marmel was drawn to see the Tolu, and drifted into the warmth of the forest.  The wind off the lake carried him between the trees and turned to steam from the heat.  Feeling a burning over his face, he pulled on the hood of his cloak and Cai fluttered and tucked into the folds beneath.  The wind fed the embers of the branches around him and he strained to see the figure in the wavering light.  
His cloak began to steam off his body and the intense heat seeped over him.  With each step, Marmel’s feet became raw as he walked the ashen forest floor.  Taking a breath, his lungs lined in pain from the sulphur.  
Marmel’s mind started to cloud and he lost his direction.  He couldn’t remember why he had even come into the forest.  
In front of him he saw steam pour out of a clearing.  
There must be water there, he thought.  He imagined an area the fire hadn’t touched.  
Marmel leapt towards it, feeling the blistering pain over his skin and his now dry tunic searing to catch the flame.
Running into the mist, he fell to his knees and gasped for breath in the heavy, humid air.  He could breathe.  There was no sulphur that was poisoning him and Marmel slowly filled his lungs as the pain faded from his chest.
After a moment he looked up, and his eyes slowly adjusted to the haze.   Marmel saw that he knelt at the edge of a great river.  It was the lake running into Drie.  The surrounding trees seemed untouched by the blaze, as the mist coated their branches and boughs to evaporate in the air.
He reached up and felt for Cai.  She was puffed up, with her feathers ruffled, and tried to nip at his fingers.
Peep!
‘Sorry, we should have come in by the river I guess,’ Marmel replied. 
Why did I come in here at all? he thought.
Then Marmel heard a boom and a thud and he saw it again.  The shadow of a great Tolu and its Ryder appeared far down the river.  Once more it disappeared, with only the echo of its strides left behind.
Chirp!
‘I’m going already,’ Marmel said, agitated that he was taking orders from a little bird.  ‘But I’m not going back until I see the Tolu.’  
Marmel rose and carefully walked along the bank as Cai ruffled and clawed his shoulder.  ‘Just a little further,’ he replied, cringing from her scratches. 
The air started to cool as the river took them deeper into the forest.  Marmel saw that on either side of the banks, wide areas were cleared in every direction.  Felled trees lay one over the other with their roots twisting out of the soil.  It looked as if they were ripped from below.
After another bend in the river, Marmel came across a glade.  It was filled with tall grasses surrounding an ancient work of stone.  He wandered from the bank to see, running his hands along the tips of the blades as he walked. 
But as he neared, Marmel passed what looked like the opening to a tomb.  In front of an outcropping of rock, the structure was a simple doorway that leaned back to open deep into the ground.    
Marmel heard the hush of the wind above him as it ran though the branches.  There was a crackle in the distance and he saw the fire glimmer in the canopy of trees beyond.
Coming to the doorway, he leaned over to see what was inside.  There was only darkness.  Marmel looked around and found a stone as the wind started to pick up and rush through the grass.  He brought it over to the doorway to toss it in before Cai ruffled her feathers again.
Chirp!
‘I just want to see how deep it is,’ Marmel replied over the wind.  The gusts snapped his tunic as he heaved it in.  He heard it thud and crunch down the chasm and imagined a slope filled with dirt and leaves.   He could barely hear it as it tumbled to finally thump into something far down below.
Squeak!
‘Don’t worry.  I’m not going in there.  It sounds pretty steep with a hard landing.’
But suddenly, when Marmel breathed, a pain lined again through his chest. 
Sulphur, he thought.  
He turned to see the wind had taken the flames in the distance to roar at the edge of the clearing.  Cai was warning me about the fire.  The trees were quickly engulfed with their boughs crackling and sending cinders raining down.  Marmel heard a rush as it started to feed flames that now twisted and rolled in the air.
Suddenly Marmel looked to see a silhouette through the smoke.   The earth shook, as the shadow of a massive Tolu and its Ryder were moving steadily towards him.
It thundered into the clearing and Marmel saw smoke plume up from its ends.   From its base, fire had scarred in deep black gouges and singed off any smaller branches above.  
Marmel knew he needed to run for the river to escape the flames.  But he couldn’t move, frozen as he gazed in horror at the broken wooden statue of the Ryder within.  He had never seen one of their Consumed.  
The figure looked to be made from the same worn bark and branches that covered its tree.   It had arms that were thin and lined into the trunk in an immovable grip.  Over its body were the torn and singed rags of a cloak that draped and swayed with the movement of the Tolu.  Marmel could see the figure had become soft, with many holes and chunks fallen off from rot or insects burrowing into its frame.  
It had a head that moved slightly with each stride.  Marmel saw that its eyes were just holes, fallen or tunnelled into its skull.  Below, its jaw had almost completely fallen off to show a hideous gaping yawn.
If it saw him with those eyes, it took no notice.  Marmel had to scramble back to the doorway as the Tolu crashed down on top of him.  It stood before the fire, before boring down with its branches.  Marmel saw dirt scattering in the air as it lifted a great shelf of earth to tip over and smother the flames.  It thundered forward to continue to rip the soil up in sheets to cover the fire over the clearing.  
Reaching the edge, it was just a shadow as it stood against the blazing tree line.  Marmel heard a crack as it dug beneath the largest tree before it.  With a heave, the tree was ripped from its roots to send the flaming pyre down and away to the forest floor.  
When it landed, clouds of embers shot into the air and carried on the wind.  Some floated down over Marmel and the tall grass around him caught the flame.  He felt Cai tuck further into the folds of his tunic to hide as smoke started to billow out. 
Marmel lurched back and gasped from the fumes.  The ground shook as the Tolu closed on the fire around him.  Marmel felt the branches drive into the dirt and then the earth lifted up beneath his feet.   He rolled backwards, hitting the side of the doorway to the tomb before he was heaved to fall inside.
Dropping into the darkness, he slid down a bank covered in dirt and leaves.  
For a moment a dream he had flashed in his mind.  Two nights before, he could remember he was falling from a tree at night.    
But this wasn’t a dream.  He slid and rolled in the dark before he hit something hard with his feet.  His body tumbled into the air as Cai flew out from his tunic.
Steep drop, hard landing, he thought. 

***

Chirp!
Marmel felt Cai perched on his chest as he lay on the ground.  He heard her flap her wings as she needled her claws to wake him.  
Running his hand over the ground, it felt soft from a layer of loose dirt.  But the cover of soil was thin and he quickly found a cold stone floor beneath.  
Marmel raised his head to see, but there was only darkness.  No light came from above and he thought he must have tumbled down into some forgotten chasm beneath the forest.  
Peep!
The sound echoed off the walls and the ceiling.  From the echo he guessed he was in a hallway.  
Cai abruptly dug her claws in again and scratched into his chest.
‘Alright,’ he said as he tried to sit up.
Pain from the fall started to ache into his body.  There was a rattle in his bones and his face felt bruised from when he hit the doorway.  He tried to lean on one hand, but it was twisted and numb.  It felt swollen and tender to the touch and he thought it was surely broken.  
Sitting up, Cai jumped back up into his tunic.  He just sat and waited, unsure of what to do.   He knew the pain would start inching into his arm and wondered how he would ever climb out of here in the dark.  
Marmel strained his eyes again to see.  But there was still nothing.  
Suddenly he felt the tiniest cold drop on his forehead.  He reached his hand there, but couldn’t feel anything wet.  
Again, cold drops hit his cheek and neck.  But this time, when he felt for it, his hand touched onto a very thin line of silk.  It ran from his face and out into the open in front of him.  He easily flicked it off, only to feel many more of the drops run down his neck and though his cloak to his swollen arm.
Chirp!
Marmel winced from the sound as it was right beside his ear again.
Suddenly he stopped breathing, hearing another voice in the room.
That sounds like a Rund, it said, in a course sandy tone.  He knew the voice was in front of him, but he couldn’t tell the distance.  
What is a little fruit bird doing down here?
Cai quietly tucked further into his tunic and shivered.  The voice was distant, but spoken too quietly to be heard so far away.  It seemed to carry and fill the space to be as close to him as his own thoughts.  
I haven’t spoken with someone in such a long time.  
It sounded weak, but forceful, as each word was made with a great effort.  
More icy drops pierced his side and again he swept the silk away.
Then Marmel whispered, ‘Who are you?’ so quietly that he was sure no one could hear it.  
Who am I? 
Marmel stopped breathing again as the voice seemed even closer than before.  
I’m glad you can’t see me.  I think if you could, you’d ask what I am instead. 
Marmel couldn’t understand and replied, ‘Can you see me?’  He soon felt helpless and fearful at the answer.
Yes, I can see you enough. 
You asked who I am, the voice went on.  I’ll start with my name.  When I lived in High Forest, like you, they called me Adol.  
There was a silence.  The space between them became empty before Adol’s voice filled it again.
You are probably wondering how I got from there to here.  But that is of no matter right now.  
Marmel’s arm started to throb.  He winced with each pulse though the swelling.  
You are hurt.  
Marmel cradled his arm as the pain grew from the break in his bone.
What is that in your satchel?
The Mantos fruit, Marmel thought.  He remembered he picked up three on the way back from the Bog to heal Cai.  Maybe he could use it to heal his arm.  He reached down with his good hand and felt into the bag.  Only one Mantos fruit left.  He must have dropped the others somewhere along the way.
A Mantos fruit, Adol said in a whisper.  But Marmel couldn’t remember saying that out loud.  He grabbed for the fruit, but stopped before he pulled it out.  He remembered Fredrick healing his shoulder with its juices after he fell out of the tree.  There was a warmth and energy as it healed with a bright light.  His arm would glow, and he didn’t want Adol to see him more than he already did.  
Then Marmel thought of water.  Fredrick had warned him to rinse the juices off after it healed.  He was able to clean it in the lake outside the Hollow before the pain started to burn into his shoulder.  
Bring it here, Adol commanded.  The fruit you have is luminescent.  It will give you some light for a time to see your way from here.  And I’m sure you know it can heal your arm.
Marmel thought for a moment.  He knew the fruit glowed for an instant when it was plucked from its leaves.  Maybe he could see just enough to escape and find water.  
Marmel pulled out the plump fruit and placed it on the ground.  It seemed subdued, but he leaned on it to keep it from wiggling away.  He peeled back the leaves, plucked the fruit and then held it up as it shone in an orange colour.
There.  That should be enough light.  Bring it here.
In the light, he first noticed his injured arm.  It was swollen as he thought, but still straight enough to suggest no clean breaks through the bone.  
I am injured as well.  There is enough of the fruit to heal us both.
Then he saw the silk strands than clung to his arm and side.  They flickered out into the darkness in front of him.  He swept them away and watched as the silk floated and curled down out of sight. 
Marmel saw that he was in a hallway with the walls carved straight by hand.  On them were inscriptions and pictures that ran down its length, but they were too worn to see in the gloom.  Looking above, he couldn’t find the ceiling, as it seemed to open to a clouded dark.
Marmel cradled his broken arm and leaned against the wall.  Getting his feet beneath him, he slid up to stand.  The fruit’s light went out to leave him in complete darkness again.  He ate the piece of Mantos and felt warmth strengthen through his body.  Even the pain in his arm faded a little.  
You can end my suffering, child.
Marmel felt drawn to the voice.  He started to slide along the wall toward it as more silk landed over his chest and down his arms.  Wary of falling into any gaps in the floor, Marmel shuffled slowly forward.  He could hear something breathe far in front of him, and he walked blindly towards its weak rhythm.  
The dream flashed over his mind again.  He was alone, high in a Tolen at the edge of High Forest.  He was falling in the night.  He was falling towards something, but he couldn’t remember what.  
The breathing drew closer with every step.  
Suddenly the wall he was leaning against ended.  He tipped sideways into the open space and almost fell down onto his broken arm.  He winced in pain, as it moved the splintered bone beneath the skin.  Marmel crouched and cradled the arm until most of the throbbing stopped.  Then he ran his other hand into the fold of his hood to look for Cai.  She was still tucked deep within, shivering and moving back from his reach.    
You asked me who I am.  
Marmel rose to stand as he spoke, feeling suspended in the air.  
I am a prisoner of your King So-Vah, bound to the wall just above you.
An unknown fear started to grip onto Marmel at the thought.
There is nothing to fear from me, child.  Even if there was, my body has been wrapped in these old roots for some time.  I have been held on display where no one can see me.
Marmel wondered who this was.  Why would the King ensnare him below the ground like this? 
I am no one.  He has done this for his own cruelty.  I am to suffer and die when he chooses.  
Again Adol was able to answer a question he never asked.  He felt his body shiver as the cold from the stone floor seeped up over his skin.  
I do not deserve this.  I was attacked.  When I was alone in a field an Echlo took control of me. 
An Echlo, Marmel thought.   He knew exactly what that was, even though he had never seen one.  Marmel had always been keen for the lore of all monsters and beasts known in High Forest.  For anything large that crept, crawled, slithered, stomped or soared, he would find out as much as he could.  He looked through sketches, paintings, and large tattered books.  He sat with the other kids to hear nightly tales from some ostentatious and long-winded storyteller.   Marmel knew every fiend’s size, colour, whether they were sneaky or smashy, and even if they had teeth more for biting or chewing.  But what they ate was always the same.  Very slowly, and to great gasps from the children, the storyteller would mutter in a ghastly voice, ‘Give it the chance. It would eat each and every one of you!’  The monster would always have a preferred type of course, usually the plump ones or the kids who lied and got into trouble.
Marmel knew the Echlo was an insect about the size of a porcupine.  It had overly long legs and would wrap itself around the face of its host to take control of its body.  The Arachs in the last war used the Echlo.  They gathered great legions of innocent people called the Echlo-Ta.  These were slow moving creatures, with their arms wrapped in some type of goo that was set fire to burn the trees.  When their host was crushed or engulfed in its own flame, the Echlo would just fall off.  It would then flop and crawl over the ground until it found another to leech upon.  The only thing that could kill them was the Arlows.  They would pluck them off their hosts and tear them apart in the air.
I remember an Echlo crawled up my back, Adol continued.  It came over the top of my head.  That is the last thing I remember.  When it was ripped from me, it was as if I awoke in another time.  I was in the middle of a battlefield, nearly naked with my arms badly burnt.  All around me were the charred and broken bodies of birds, beasts and men.  Fires burned uncontrolled and the ground shook from a great line of Tolus and Volts charging the field.  I thought I was saved.  
But your King So-Vah, Adol paused, lingering on his name.  He grabbed hold of me and said that I was responsible for all this death.  And he would kill me for it.  I would die for his fallen men and all the destruction of the war.  
So-Vah dragged me deep into Drie, but instead of ending my life, he threw me down here.  He hung me on the wall of some forgotten chasm to rot.     
I thought I was going to die then, from my wounds or worse.  But he tended to my injury and fed me just enough to keep me alive.  And he’s done so these past three years.  
Marmel couldn’t help but feel pity for Adol.  He wanted to help him.  
I suffer here in the dark alone for someone else’s crime.
Marmel reached into his satchel and plucked two more pieces of the Mantos fruit.  Bringing them out, it glowed to reveal a figure strapped to the wall above him, wrapped in roots.  It was just as he had said.  Adol had only one arm free and reached down through the darkness and took the fruit.  As the light faded, Marmel saw his skin was black and reflective.  It had tiny grooves circling from the tips of his fingers, over his hand and up his arm.  
In the darkness, Marmel heard the fruit break as it was swallowed.  Adol breathed in relief.  Then the light returned for a moment beneath the roots.  It lined down below his skin, through his body, and into his hands and feet.  
That is better, Adol said as the light within him faded out.  I feel stronger again.  But I need you to do one more thing.  You are from High Forest.  Release me from these roots.
Adol spoke with a strength that made Marmel pause.  Adol had a fierce presence, even in the dark.  
Doubt flashed over Marmel.  Why would the King make a simple man suffer for so long?  If Adol was from High Forest, why couldn’t he move the roots himself?  And what of the silk strands that kept raining over his skin.  Marmel felt to come out of a fog.  
Then something else became clear.  He had only spoken a few words since he first heard Adol’s voice.   But so much had been answered.  Marmel realized the figure above him was reading his thoughts and speaking to his mind.  Adol had lied.  He was more than what he said. 
I am much more than you could fear, child. 
Suddenly he felt countless cold drops of the silk line over his body.  In the thousands they pierced his cloak and ran up through his neck as every muscle twitched in reply.  He lost all feeling and stood suspended like a puppet with a myriad of interlacing strings.  
Your arm is still hurt.  Let me help you.
In a fumbled movement, Marmel sensed himself reach and grab a chunk of the fruit to squeeze it over his broken arm.  The juice seeped through the sleeves of his tunic to warm over his skin.  The pain subsided as the juice leached toward the splintered bone.  
Suddenly light began to radiate from the wound.  It shone brightly through his sleeve and lined out from is veins to wash over Marmel’s arm to the ends of his fingers.  The Mantos warmed as it healed, and he could feel the bone strengthen from within.  
Marmel could see the light from his arm reflect off the cavern walls, but his gaze was drawn above to the eyes of Adol.  They winced from the light, and he could see they were almost completely dark.  Adol’s eyes looked human, but the whites and iris were dyed in layers of black and flecks of grey.  They were wild and intelligent, intently focused on Marmel.  
Adol’s face was the shadow of a man’s.  His jaw hung loose and was only held to his skull by the dark rough skin covering his head.  His skin’s texture was lined in the same thin winding pattern he had seen on his hand and arm.  Little grooves wound down over every surface between his wooden shackles.  
The roots that held him to the wall could be counted in the hundreds.  They were of all sizes, some thick as boughs or thin and wispy, wrapped in layers and tangled as rope to hold him in place.  Over them hung layers of silk strands that draped to the ground, with many extending out across to Marmel.  He didn’t know if that is how Adol spoke to him, but he knew he was in his mind.  
But no words from Adol came.  He just stared at Marmel and breathed beneath his gaping mouth.  
Marmel thought once more about his dream.  He was falling from the tree at night, clutching his arm from the pain.  He fell into something.  Then he remembered.  At the bottom of the tree he was falling into the mouth of this beast.  
Adol had lied.  He wasn’t an ordinary man, but an Arach.  One of the three Consumed.  An Eal Ochan.  A monster that gathered the hordes for a war that took his father away.
Suddenly an ache started to seep into Marmel’s arm.  The Mantos had healed the break in his bone and the swelling had almost gone.  Marmel needed water to wash it off, or the fruit would start to cause him pain.
Release me.  I will bring you to water.
Marmel felt Adol let go of his muscles.  He could run and maybe find water himself or endure the pain alone in some dark corner.  
Then he heard an echo in the cavern.  There were screeches, scratches and dragging beyond the walls around them.  It sounded like a multitude had come alive just out of sight.
I wouldn’t go out there without me.  They are quite hungry you know.
Marmel could release him.  He could bend back the roots as easily as he moved his sapling.  But he felt he would rather die, by whatever was scratching the wall behind him, just as his father did, trying to stop this monster.
Suddenly he felt the pain grow in his arm.  It began in the break, and then inched over the bone below the flesh.  It seeped into his muscle, his skin and out to the ends of his fingers.  As the pain took hold, it was as if every piece of the flesh in his arm was being torn from its roots.  
Marmel fell to his knees as shards of glass crawled beneath his skin.  The bone felt as if it would shatter and it trembled through his body.  Tears came to his eyes and he gritted his teeth in agony.  
Release me.  I can ease your suffering.
He opened his mouth to scream, but he couldn’t breathe.  There was nothing left.  There was only pain.
Suddenly he heard the rocks above him come loose and felt dirt sift down to the ground.  His other arm stretched above him.  
It had to end.  He moved the roots one by one from around Adol’s wretched figure to curl back from the walls.
The pain shivered down his spine and Marmel put his head to the floor.  His mouth was still gaped open.  His eyes were filled with tears and he could hardly see.  It had to stop.
He heard the rocks crackle and fall as the last of the great roots untangled from Adol.  The Arach fell in a lump, but huffed and rose to lean on the wall beside him.  He heard the lightest sound in the air before cold points rained over his arm.  The pain started to subside enough for Marmel to look.  His arm was now covered and wrapped in strands of glistening silk. 




Chapter 17



Whispers in the Dark



The pain continued to fade as Marmel saw the silk soften the light beneath.  Now the room had grown darker, with everything outside of the glow appearing in shadows and lines.  
Rising to his feet, he could hear Adol labour to breathe.  Marmel glanced back to see his outline still leaning against the wall.  
I haven’t stood on these legs in a while, he said as he tried to stand on his own.
It would be good to walk, Adol strained, leaning back with one arm.  I need to regain some strength.  
Besides, we have to find water for your arm. 
As Marmel stared at the figure in the shadows, he wondered if he could believe him. 
I have no reason to lie again, he replied.  I made you a promise and I will bring you to water.  We should go, Adol said, standing again from the wall.  The light in your arm will not last forever.  I can’t see very well in the pitch dark anymore and would have to bring something down to guide us.
Adol took a step forward and mulled, but it would be hard to keep the guide from eating you.
Marmel stepped back, trying to imagine what it might look like.
They look horrible, Adol answered.  Only the ugliest things move around in complete darkness.
Marmel stood for a moment.  He needed to get out of here. 
Please don’t run, Adol groaned.  There are a lot of things that crawl around down here.  And even if you find a place to hide from them, the silk will fall off and the pain will return.  You will suffer long after the light in your arm goes out.  They will then just find you alone, shivering in the dark.
Let’s walk, he said firmly, and you can lead us both out of here.  
Marmel felt that he had no choice.  There wasn’t a hope of finding water on his own, and he couldn’t bear to face the pain again.
We can talk more along the way.  I haven’t spoken to anyone in such a long time.  When your King came down to keep me alive, his mind was always closed.  And everyone else’s thoughts down here just hum with violence.
Marmel shuddered to think of what he meant.  
Suddenly he felt prompted to move and saw the shadow of a doorway far to his right.  
As he started to walk, he heard Adol drag his feet and slide gently along the wall behind him.  Marmel felt something rain cold over his shoulders and down the back of his arms while he crept forward.    
I’d like to hear about how you came here, child, Adol asked.  You are a long way from home.
Marmel tried to keep his thoughts from him and just focused on what he saw.  As he came to the doorway, he occupied his mind with as much detail as the light would allow.  The archway was made of long cut lines of stone, crafted by hand to tightly join together.  The pattern ran from the edges of the doorway and out over the walls and to the ceiling.  There was a carving above it, but it had crumbled away to only show the bare stone beneath.  
The doorway was small, as even Marmel had to bow slightly to enter.  
Your mind, Adol said, do not close it from me.
Marmel felt Adol reach into his thoughts.  They were pulled as if by a string to flash within him.  He remembered the fire in Drie and the hollow eyes of the wooden Ryder before he fell down into the darkness.
An Enauk Dan-Ton, Adol said, using their ancient name.  It was one of your own Consumed.  You’re lucky it didn’t crush you as it put out the fire.  He stopped to breathe before bowing into the doorway.  It wouldn’t be troubled if it did.  The Enauk only care about themselves.  
Before, Adol asked as he struggled through the opening, you called me by the old name, Eal Ochan, an Arach Consumed.  You know what I am, but what else do you know of our kind?
 Again Marmel felt a pull at his thoughts as he backed away.  The lines of silk draped from him, across the ground and over to Adol. 
As he stared at Adol, a piece of the poem his father had taught him flashed over his mind.

Arachs control the fiendish hordes
To bring a darker age as lords
On giant spiders they command
With blackened souls and shadowed hands

Spiders, Adol mused.  They are not spiders.  Spiders are much too jumpy and juvenile.  We ride the Ochan.  
Ochan was hardly spoken in High Forest.  Marmel knew they were very large creatures with six eyes, eight legs and many oddly sized teeth circling out from their jaws.  People would often call them a spider out of a fear of the name.  It’s thought that just speaking it would call the Ochan from the depths to snatch you in your sleep.        
If only their hearing was that good, Adol replied.  I wouldn’t have to walk out of here.  I do miss those stories and poems from High Forest.  What is life like there now?
Marmel’s thoughts drifted easily home.  He wished he was up in a tree again, sitting comfortably under the warm glow of a light flower.  
Suddenly he recalled moments of time in the last few days.  Each moved slowly to the next, as the memories were studied and pondered in great detail.  
Marmel was first on the Plateau, running with the 10’s as the Fees and Arlows snatched the colourfully tied twigs out of their hands.  Then he hung out over the edge, suspended in the air with the claws and flapping wings of the Arlows.  Next he rumbled around on Nuv’s Tolu in the clearing, happily smashing at the ground and stomping over the grasses.  At the Festival, Marmel walked beneath the long coloured flags hanging from the trees.   He was behind people in wide brimmed hats that had loaded down their little wooden carts with goods.  In the village he could see their stands of fruits, meats, fresh bread, chocolate and caramel deserts, fine cloths, sparkling metals and polished stones.  
Marmel recalled Ash chasing him and Fredrick through the trees and then riding on his back with Nova.  He thought of his time with her, running from the camp and taking her hand as they wound through the paths in the forest. 
Then his memory flashed to the play.  He was marching the other watermelons across the stage as Brufle loudly delivered his lines as King So-Kai.  There were cheering crowds, the Olin costumes, and then the swirl of the little birds and samplings rushing around him.
Cai, Marmel thought, almost forgetting she was still tucked in the folds of his tunic.  He reached in and she retreated further before nipping at his fingers, happy to hide where she was. 
There is more, Adol said slowly.  Suddenly a memory was drawn out that Marmel had pushed away.  
He was hiding behind a tree in the Bog, soaked in the murky water.  On the other side, Oreole’s hand limped down as a rattling scream of the Consumed echoed around him.  
The Eltrule Vol-Sa, Adol whispered.  The Ly Consumed were in High Forest.
Marmel tried to scratch the thought from his mind.  But another only replaced it.  He was now on the Plateau at night.  The wind rushed and snapped his tunic.   Standing with Avel at the edge, he saw the Ly Consumed, the Eltrule Vol-Sa, fanned out behind Bale.  There was a funnel of Arlows, and then one Etrul raised his spear.
Marmel pushed the thought away and tried to block his mind.  He did not want to give Adol the memory of what came next. 
Avel, Adol whispered.  On the Plateau, what happened to him and the Vol-Sa?  
Marmel strained against him, feeling Adol’s fierce grip on his thoughts.  But he would not let the images flash within.  
Suddenly Adol let go for a moment and Marmel could breathe.  
Avel, last Birdman of High Forest, he trailed off, leaning feebly against a stone beside him.  Marmel could see the struggle had weakened Adol as well.  
You will tell me, he breathed.  You will tell me soon enough.
Marmel took a step back and the sound of his feet lightly echoed off the walls and ceiling far away.   He realized he had come into a great underground hall.  
In the dimness, Marmel could see countless specs of dust suspended in the air around him.  But as his eyes became used to the light, he could glimpse a little clearer into the darkness beyond.  
To his left was a large stone wall.  Over its surface there were pictures engraved with many lines of writing etched beneath.  He followed the inscriptions down the wall until it ended, with a torch holder marking a corner.  Marmel took another step back, and saw the wall was just one side of a massive vault.
He raised his glowing arm to see that it was sealed with a stone lid.  Overtop, a huge statue knelt over the surface.  The sculpture was of a man crouched down, leaning on his sword and bowing his head low towards his feet.  Over his arm draped a torn cloak with his hand cradling a helmet.  Looking closer, Marmel saw that the helmet had a carving of a dragon prowling overtop.  
We called him the Dragon Slayer, Adol said.  He was just out of sight and against another vault.  I used to come down here when I was a bit older than you.  I liked to look at all the coffins.
Gazing around, Marmel could see even further into the dark.  The great room was full of row after row of the vaults, with the shadows of statues over each one.  
This is a tomb, he thought.  
This is their history, Adol replied.  What do you know of the people that built these?
Marmel thought for a moment.  He knew there used to be a kingdom, where Drie Forest is now, a long time ago.  Life was much different than his was in High Forest.  It was a kingdom of stone buildings, castles and cathedrals.  People said it was a time of knights and princesses, dragons and ogres, swords and magic.  
Magic, Adol mused.  This room is where they buried the greatest souls of their kingdom.  They didn’t throw them under the trees like we do.
Marmel looked again at the pictures running the length of the vault.  He saw rows of soldiers marching toward each other with spears and swords.  In the next frame, the army moved toward a castle.  Catapults and battering rams pounded its walls and gates as people hurtled down rocks and arrows at them.  The relief crumbled away until Marmel could see the top of a tower with a dragon flying overhead.  The last engraving was of a figure with the same helmet as the statute above.  He stood holding the head of a dragon in one hand and a crown in another.
They are all the same, Adol hissed.  On every vault there is a story of some great deed.  They thwart a monstrous evil through their own power or cleverness, through devotion and noble self-sacrifice.  One picture always leads to the next; it was destiny they should prevail.  The princess is saved.  Magic returns.  Goodness and honour descend.  
Marmel suddenly looked into the darkness between the coffins.  He heard a shuffling in the distance as the dust in the air spun softly from the movement.  
But their monsters, their great evils, are fantasy.  Dragons and ogres never existed.    
Marmel heard the click of heavy claws on the floor as something moved closer between the stones.  
True evil, child, is within, Adol drawled as he took a step towards him.    
You set me free, Adol said with another step.  What was tied up to suffer by your King, you allowed to it walk again.  The thing your father died trying to stop, you gave back its life.
Marmel looked down at the silk glistening over his arm.  
You did this all for yourself. 
Marmel’s heart drifted down, weighed by the guilt of what he had done.  He wished whatever lurked behind the vaults would come out to swallow him whole. 
You’re much too big for them to eat in one bite, Adol replied.  Maybe three or four bites would do it.  
Marmel felt the darkness close around as if it could crush him.    
We shouldn’t stay here.  I think they would eat me as well if they had the chance.  But I’d be more of six or seven bites for them, and probably a little chewy by now. 
Marmel turned from his gaze, failing to find any humour in what Adol said.  He just started to move across the hall as Adol dragged his feet behind.  He felt lost and empty, as if his skin was a shell with nothing inside.  Marmel just walked, not knowing anything else to do.
As they passed more of the coffins, Marmel saw glimpses of the creatures lurking behind them.  But he didn’t much care.
Long padded legs clicked over the floor as they hunched low to the ground.  The creatures bent upwards and skulked with two long coiled hooks extending from the ends of their arms.  He saw jittering wings and flashes of eyes in the dark.  Lines of silk draped down from their frames or stretched out behind them to Adol.  He knew from what he saw that these were called the Manti.
Marmel thought for a moment.  If Adol was going to let them attack him, he would have already.  He still had something Adol needed.  Marmel had to keep the memory of Avel out of his mind and away from him to stay alive.  
He walked and focused on filling his thoughts with what was around him.  As he passed each vault, he looked at the different statues carved over top of each one.  Some were of people lying peacefully, or caught in a struggle that pulled them down through the stone.  Others were of figures rising, as if they were just waking from a dream.  
As he walked he heard the clicking movement of the Manti fall behind them to follow at a distance.  Marmel wondered how Adol had studied the Vaults with all the Manti lurking around. 
They weren’t here then, Adol answered.  This always used to be a quiet place.  I thought I was going to die of loneliness before I began the Gathering to bring them here.  
The Gathering, Marmel thought.  His mind raced at the words.  He knew it was the call of the Eal Ochan.  It was a signal to its allies and minions to come and prepare for war.  While most thought it began with the Burning Tree, some said it started much sooner, much deeper within the earth.  Another war was coming, Marmel thought.
Adol didn’t reply.  He just dragged his feet slowly behind.  There was a silence now as they walked, as Adol’s mind seemed closed.  
Further down, Marmel glimpsed another smaller coffin to his left.  It was half the size of the others with the lid coming up to his shoulders.  The vault had a statue of a boy with an old man in tattered wings couching beside him.  The boy wore a cloak and looked upward as he held a sceptre and a crown.  Marmel saw that at his feet was laid a sword, much too big for him to carry.  The man held a pair of wings closely to his eyes, sowing them together for the boy. 
Looking up, Marmel could see the shadow of a massive wall and he started to move towards it.  There was a breeze that crawled along the floor as a mouth of a doorway came into view.  The light from his arm weakly flooded the opening to a cave.   As he moved closer, he saw it was pointed at the top and toothed with many stalactites that lined the edge and the walls within.  
Marmel heard the steps of the Manti echo behind them.  He wondered how Adol had started the Gathering, remembering the layers of roots that had tied him to the wall for three years.
Patiently, Adol mauled, deciding to speak again.  The tiniest creatures found me as they crawled through the layers of earth.  I can sense their movements in the ground and hear the whispers in the dark. 
As Marmel listened, they walked into the cave and the light from his arm sent a glow through the stalactites.
I sent them out again, searching for whatever I could use that was hiding in the corners of the earth.
Marmel saw a ripple of water far in front of him that reflected a light from above.  
Then a strand of silk that wrapped around his arm loosened.  It started to wind down to the ground as it unravelled from his skin. 
I called them for one last Gathering.  I called them to avenge what was stolen from me. 
The silk spun off his arm and Marmel fumbled for the strands to stay in place.  
Suddenly cold points struck his legs and he fell to his knees.  He could hardly move as drops of silk rattled up his back and neck.  Adol wouldn’t let him go to the water.
The strands fell off his arm.  The pain started to swell again beneath his skin.  He felt it first crawl from the break before it seeped into his flesh.  Looking up, Marmel saw that his arm was illuminated.  It radiated a light through the cave that stretched down and over the water in front of him.  
Now tell me what happened to Avel.
In his agony, he felt Adol reach into his thoughts.  Marmel tried to hide the memory, but couldn’t hold onto it as the pain cut into the bone.  
Suddenly all at once, the memory flashed over his mind as it was ripped from him.  
He stood on the edge of the Plateau with Avel.  The Ly Consumed, an Eltrule Vol-Sa, heaved its spear into Avel’s back.  Trees untangled from the edge.  Marmel was falling and saw the embers of the fire in Drie forest burn across the lake.   Then a great funnel of Arlows reached down to take him out over the surface of the water.   
From a distance, he saw Avel hunch at the edge of the Plateau.  Then his body fell.   Marmel skidded over the water as the Arlows released him to sink into the quiet dark of the waves.
Avel, Adol whispered.  Avel is dead.  The last Birdman of High Forest is gone.
Marmel felt his muscles released as Adol left his mind.  Marmel stumbled forward, cradling his arm as lines of pain pulsed through his bones and to the ends of his fingers.  
As he ran, he focused on the water.  Hundreds of points of red orange light circled above its surface.  The cave ended just before it.  Marmel stopped for a moment as dirt and small rocks trickled down from the wall above.  As he neared the edge, he heard the huff of a beast and many hissing creatures in a great chasm within.  
Suddenly the lights over the water went out.  
As Marmel came out of the cave, he gazed above.  Innumerable creatures churned around the walls, with a cloud of bugs flying between them.  The chasm looked like the inside of a massive column.  At the top, Marmel could see a netting of roots that bloomed out to the walls.  Past them were many holes to the surface, with the glow from the fires above.  
Suspended from the roots were scatterings of cocoons.  Some were torn and empty, while others showed silhouettes inside.  
Then he saw something large moving up near the top.  
An eight-legged Ochan was crawling up the chasm.  A long piece of cloth dangled from it and snapped in the air with the speed of its climb.   On its back, a small round figure clung to it, flailing as he held on with one hand.  
Marmel couldn’t believe who it was.  Fredrick was riding on the back of an Ochan.  As Marmel looked, the beast tucked out of a hole to the surface to disappear from the chasm.
With another swell of pain, Marmel fell to his knees and drove his arm into the waters of the lake.  The light extinguished and the pain quickly faded beneath.   Looking up, all he could see now was the distant light of the embers above.  
His eyes became used to the light, only to see dull blinking eyes of the creatures above him.  They churned down the sides and Marmel fell back helplessly as they descended towards him.
Then he heard Adol walk over to the water.  A few of the tiny bugs still flew and swirled in the centre of the chasm.  They lit one by one in a red orange glow.
Cherubs, Marmel thought.
They are very far from home it seems, Adol replied.  He waved his hand and they all glowed at once in a brilliant light as they darted and whirled in the air above them.  I think they belong to your friend.  
On the walls the creatures poured down.  They were falling over each other, snapping and hissing in a desperate hunger.  Marmel looked on in horror.
Yet Adol still gazed at the Cherubs as they lit the chasm around them. Adol’s skin looked like layers of blackened purple in the light.  The small grooves Marmel had seen over Adol’s hands and arms covered almost every surface of his body.
Suddenly Adol spread his arms and Marmel heard a wisp of a sound.  Countless strands of silk glistened over the grooves in Adol’s legs.  They spun out in a circle around him.  The strands whirled upward through the channels in his chest and back in wider swings that reached over the water.  
The silk swirled out to hold to the creatures along the walls. The creatures slowed and churned again around the chasm as the strands let go.  Silk drifted down through the air.  The last lines  spun out over Adol’s shoulders and to the end of his arms.  
Let’s go meet your friend, he said, turning down to Marmel.  He seems to have something of mine.



Chapter 18



Adol Eal Ochan



Marmel knelt at the edge of the lake and looked down at his arm.  It felt numb as the ghost of the pain still drifted beneath his skin.  He slumped over his knees, and could see the water reflect the scene above him.  The creatures along the wall squinted as the Cherubs floated down to lightly swirl around Adol.  Beyond them he could see the cocoons hanging from the roots that spread out over the top of the chasm.  
Marmel sat and wondered what would become of him now.  
That is up to you, Adol said looking down at him again.  You can choose your own way.  I owe you that much for what you have done.
Marmel looked again at the silhouettes inside of the cocoons.  He doubted he could believe him.
There are some children from your village in those cocoons.  13’s I believe. The night before, they set up a camp with your King just above here.  
Adol started to move away along the edge of the lake.  I think So-Vah wanted to bring them down here.  He wanted to put me on display.  
As the Cherubs trailed after Adol, Marmel rose to his feet.  He quickly followed, not wanting to be left in the dark with the creatures still circling the walls above them.  
Marmel kept his distance. He could see that Adol looked stronger with each step.  And while Adol walked with a limp, Marmel still had to move swiftly to keep pace over the large overlapping rocks that formed the floor.
So-Vah didn’t know that I had started the Gathering.  When the children were sleeping, I sent the Manti out to take them from their tents.   Adol then looked up at the cocoons.  They got to come down here after all. 
Marmel walked behind and wondered about them.  He wanted to ask, but was afraid of the answer.
Adol was silent as he rounded the other half of the lake.  The light from the Cherubs reflected off the far wall in front of them.  There was a small opening and Adol broke from the water’s edge to head toward it. 
They are still asleep in their cocoons, Adol answered.    And will wake soon when the poison wears off, just as your friend did.  Marmel thought of Fredrick ridding out of the chasm.  That must have been on Adol’s Ochan.  He wanted to see Fredrick again.  He wanted to ask him how he could have ever done that.
  Marmel could sense Adol’s annoyance at losing his Ochan.  Those children would have been food by now, he continued.  But I think my crawlers move and fight better when they are hungry.  If they get stuffed with those pudgy overfed kids, they’ll just want to curl up and sleep.
Marmel had to follow over a drop in the floor.  He struggled to grapple down the other side.  
I was hoping to capture or kill your King that night.  He could at least come down to try and rescue them.  But So-Vah turned out to be a coward and has disappeared.
However, he said as he limped over a small crevice in the ground, this has turned out better that I had hoped.  
There was another silence between them.  They walked and the door on the far side of the chasm slowly came into view.  Marmel could see it had the same pattern of interlocking rocks around the archway as the one before.  And there was a stone sculpture, a bust of a man with his head tilted upward, resting just above the masonry.  The eyes and scalp were mostly crumbled away to leave the mouth untouched and curled in a proud sneer.  
Marmel looked back for a moment, as the creatures along the wall had grown quiet.  In the flickering light, he saw them drip onto the ground and then follow in the darkness behind them.  Marmel tried to think of what they were.  They were familiar, but he couldn’t remember seeing anything quite like them.
They won’t be in any of those drawings or books about monsters, Adol replied as he moved under the archway.  I bred them down here.
Marmel tried to picture their features.  From what he could remember, they seemed to have the six stumpy griping legs of a Jacklore.  Their flat face and eyes, they must be from a Man-Ru.   But they had this large toothy lower jaw.  It could be from a Horelt or a Celeeb.
Horelt, Adol replied as he stopped for a moment.  The Celeeb didn’t want to mingle.  
The Cherubs flushed past Adol.  They came into the opening to hover in front of them.  Adol looked like a shadow between the archways.  But from the light, Marmel could see he had led them to a tunnelled stairway that climbed steeply from the ground.  It had a low ceiling over its steps that rose around the corner and out of sight.  
You know your monsters, Adol said as he moved to the steps.  He had to bend from the height of the ceiling.  Adol started to climb, easily taking two and three stairs with each stride.
I call them the Jackmanhores.  Marmel thought of the name as he followed after, far enough behind to only see Adol’s shadow flicker down the wall.  
As he turned the corner, he felt slightly less scared of the creatures following them.  It was hard to be freighted of something with such a ridiculous sounding name.  
It’s terrible, I know.  I’m not good at naming things.  
Adol then went through a list of other names he had thought of.  Marmel thought each was worse than the last.  Adol seemed to like the sound of Horelt, and would add its first syllable on to the end of each name to try and improve them.  But it didn’t have the effect that he desired. 
Marmel could see from Adol’s shadow that he had stopped to lean against the wall.  Marmel rested as well, trying to breathe deeply as there didn’t seem to be enough air in the stairway.  
Again the shadow moved.  Now there was no time to catch a breath as he heard dragging and clicking sounds echo up from the darkness behind them.  
Suddenly a name came to him.  The Loremolt, Marmel thought.
The Loremolt, Adol repeated.  It’s a good name.  It has a nice sound and uses the names of the other creatures it comes from.  Loremolt.  I think it has meaning as well.  The creature will soon be a part of a story, the lore of this land.  The name also reminds me of molten rock, something created deep in the earth. 
Marmel hadn’t really thought of it that way.  It just seemed to fit.
Adol rolled the name over again in his mind as Marmel settled into a pace behind him.  The air had thinned even more and he tried to breathe as deeply as he could with each stride.  
Suddenly he felt a breeze drift past his feet.  And with a few more steps, he saw the wall start to open to his left.  It opened to a silent empty space.   He thought the stairway must be slowly winding on the outside of the chasm.  And judging by the sheer drop at his feet, they had already climbed almost halfway to the roots of the ceiling. 
He looked down to see the walls of the chasm were bare.  The Loremolt were no longer churning around the sides, but quietly following them, one by one up the passageway.     
Marmel turned to see Adol’s shadow had stopped ahead of him, waiting for him to follow.  
You know that I have started the Gathering, Adol spoke as he started to move again.  Why haven’t you wondered what else is coming?  I hope you think I am able to do more than breed together some lesser creatures and call the Manti.   
Marmel actually hadn’t thought of it.  He figured what he had seen was terrifying enough.  Marmel turned to follow, and with each step his imagination ran with all manner of beasts and monsters he had heard and read about.
I would need a hundred years to Gather everything you are thinking of, Adol said as a Willoptu flashed over Marmel’s mind.  Willoptu are large men, maybe 10 feet tall, who like to live under bridges and make up riddles.  The Willoptu are too lazy, Adol answered flatly.  They wouldn’t show up when I needed them to.  And even if you solve one of their riddles, to get them to come, they’d just make up another one.  That way they could keep lying around eating sheep all day. 
Adol paused before he said, it is a small Gathering.  But it should be enough now.  Have you heard of the Shole-Crun?
Marmel had.  They were a rumbling hairless beast, more like a rhinoceros without the horns.  They lived mostly in low-lying water, with almost every surface of their skin covered in a small jellylike creature called the Shole.  Most Shole have never been seen.  They create these jagged shells to cover and protect themselves from being eaten by the fish in the water around them.  Over time these shells become massive, harder than stone and sharp enough to cut off the boughs off a tree.  Normally the beasts are docile, content in the water as they feed off the fish that try to eat the Shole.
But when I send the Shole-Crun into a fury, Adol noted, they could stand against a legion of your Tolus.  
They were not easy to find.  But my crawlers discovered a herd east of the Dunob, near the mouth of the sea.  They should be coming up river now through Drie.  They will be coming with the Haw. 
The Haw, Marmel thought.  He remembered seeing drawings of them.  They were an occultist breed of man that could control a great black bird of prey, a scavenger called the Vulture.  They liked to live in ruins, both ancient and new - anything that was formed from fire, war or disease.  
The Haw will protect the Echlo-Ta, which carry the flame.  They will bring the fire that will burn High Forest to ashes.
Marmel thought of the ragged people with their faces covered with the long legged Echlo.  Their arms were covered in slime and lit to burn until the fire consumed them.  
The Gathering was doomed to fail, Adol added as he slowed his pace in front of Marmel.    The birds in your forest could pick off the Echlo from their hosts and drive away the Vultures.  They may even detach the shells from the Shole-Crun.  I hear some birds love to reach in and eat that soft stuff beneath. 
And without armour, your Tolus and Ly Ryders would easily destroy them.  Then, after they scatter the Manti and Loremolt around me, I would be killed.
 Marmel couldn’t understand.  Why would he start the Gathering if it would fail?  Why would he go to such lengths if he was going to die? 
To take back what was stolen from me.  Marmel saw Adol’s shadow flicker in front him.  In the last war, on the plains beneath High Forest, I had lost.  The great crawling host around me lay in pieces or was driven into the lake to drown.  Your King had struck down my Ochan and I lay wounded beside it.  I should have died there.  I should have had a more fitting end. 
But So-Vah robbed me of the honour.  He left me to rot, bound by roots in a hole in the ground.  He wanted me to suffer and die alone and forgotten.  
But I would not.  Adol quickened his pace.  Marmel had to jump two stairs at a time to stay close enough behind him to see.  I would have escaped those roots.  I would have risen from there even if you didn’t appear.  
Marmel wondered how he could have, remembering the hundreds of roots binding him to that wall.  
Not as easily as you did.  I could have had them chewed off by the Manti.  You just made my escape much more pleasant.     
Marmel cringed at the thought of those hideous faces gnawing on the roots around Adol. 
Yes, thank you.  That would have been awful.
As Marmel leapt to keep up, the wall opened again to his left.  He could see the massive roots of the tree digging into the sides of the chasm.  Directly across from him, the dozens of cocoons hung and swayed gently in the air.  
Now you have given me the possibility of something else entirely.  From what you have told me, your people and the Lys war among themselves.  The Birdman is dead.  There is nothing to stop me from seeking a greater revenge.  I will have High Forest engulfed in flame as I tear apart what brave remnants of your people try and stand in the way.  
It couldn’t be done.  Marmel imagined a legion of Tolus with their Ryders perched within them.  The massive trees would come in the hundreds and shake the ground with their strides, crushing the earth with their boughs.  He thought of the great packs of the Volts he had seen at the festival.  The Lys, with their vibrant crests weaved into their clothing, seemed so regal and powerful.  Marmel pictured them rumbling across the plains, holding out their spears with the long lines of their fabric trailing behind them.  Nothing could defeat them.  
Time will, Adol answered.  They will not have enough time to stop the Echlo-Ta.  I know they are still far to the south, escorting the people from the festival safely from here.  They didn’t think I would emerge so quickly, that the Gathering was almost complete when we lit that tree.
I’m sure they will settle their differences once they see me on the field.  Their scouts will call them home.  They will come together with the full force of their strength.  
 But I just mean to delay them, that they should come in time to see their forest catch the flame.  
You see I will split the Echlo-Ta into two lines.  One will go to the south, to light the plains between us.  I will bring the other to the north along the lake to march into High Forest.  
When your people come they will be met with a wall of fire.  But like the Enauk Dan-Ton you met in Drie, the Tolus know how to deal with a blaze.  They can dig down into the earth and flip it over to smother the flames.  But when their branches are deep in the soil, those old men in their perches will be in reach of the long coiled arms of the Manti.  
And even if they break through this, they will have to come through the circling horde of Shole-Crun, the Haw and their Vultures and the mass of Loremolt to get to the Echlo-Ta.  There will not be enough time.
Your people will have nothing to return to and So-Vah will lose his kingdom.  I will grow in power and he will have to hide in some hole and suffer as I did.  
I will die one day.  I will go in honour, as I deserve, but not today.
There was only a silence between them now.  Marmel felt helpless, not knowing anything to do but to follow each step of the staircase that wound around the chasm.  He could feel a light breeze through the tunnel and smell the sulphur of the air.  They were nearing the surface and Marmel longed to be out in the open and able to run.   He wanted only to run.  He wanted to be freed from Adol’s mind.
The tunnel curved to the right and opened into a wide flat space.  He could see Adol march ahead in the distance with the cloud of Cherubs in front of him.  The tunnel was punctured with a meshing of roots reaching down from the ceiling and through the ground.  Through them Marmel saw an opening at the end, a great mouth that led back to the surface and into Drie.
Suddenly Adol’s voice rang in his head again.  It was filled with malice as he recited another part of the poem Marmel’s father had taught his son.

When man and beast go mad in war
And share a wound they can’t restore
They heal the hurt; they join consumed
As one the retched pair is doomed

On Volts they fill with foolish rage
And wait in hate in fury’s cage
Their ragged fur it covers skin
To faintly hide a violent grin

He paused again before he said, why do your poems have to be so dreadfully serious?
The light bounced off the walls of the cave.  Marmel could see huge stone archways supporting the ceiling above them.  Over the ground was a layer of dirt, churned with broken stone tiles from the roots that had slowly crawled beneath them.
You must know a poem that will make me laugh.  I’ve been trying to remember one that I used to know.  
Making his way between the roots, Marmel tried to stay at pace with Adol.  He could hear the shuffling and muffled screeches of the Loremolt and Manti coming up the staircase behind him.
Maybe you could help me.    
Marmel walked around another mess of tile as he tried to think of what he meant
There was a poem I learned in High Forest.  It was about a soldier that got too fat to wear his uniform.
 He could see the opening clearer now.  Beyond, there was the outline of trees.  It was still night outside.  The air started to change around him as it became humid and heavy.  They must be near the river, he thought.
In the poem, I think he had been eating a lot of pies since he wore the uniform last.  
There was a rustling sound off the walls.  Marmel could hear the host of crawlers thumping out into the cavern.  The sounds spread out to the edges and he hurried around the roots to try and stay ahead of them.  
There was another voice in the poem, maybe his mother or wife.  She would just say nice things about his size. 
Marmel started to run as he heard the shuffling of legs overhead.  He looked up to see them crawling on the ceiling as dirt trickled down on top of him.
He was supposed to go to war again, but he was worried he was too fat to walk and would have to ride in a cart.    
Adol disappeared from the mouth of the cave and Marmel poured out after him.  He felt the rush of warm air fill his lungs.  The sky seemed to open above the trees.  Through the haze in the air, and the drifting ash, clusters of stars glimmered to light the forest around him.  To his left was the glow of a fire still burning deep within Drie.  Yet the trees around him were untouched.   Marmel looked to his right and saw that he stood near the bank of the river.  Its waters steamed off the surface and soaked the trees that reached and curled over top.  
Looking behind, the crawlers slowed to the edges of the cave.  They seemed to be waiting as their eyes flashed at him from within.  
Above the cave was the glowing hulk of a tree.  Marmel could see a pattern wind up the spire that cindered along its massive husk.   
You don’t know the poem, Adol said as Marmel looked at him.  Adol was standing a good distance away with the cherubs slowly funnelling above his head.   
Marmel didn’t know it.  And he didn’t much care to.  He just needed to run and looked to the banks of the river for his escape.
It is of no matter, I suppose, Adol drifted.
The wind picked up through the branches and Marmel could see a little clearer.  The mists off the water rolled down over the river and out into the gloom.  
In front of Adol, a great Ochan thumped its legs.  It arched to peer high up into a tree.  It pawed at the branches and then moved back, huffing through its long teeth to scatter some of the ash on the ground.  
Adol carefully stretched out his hand as he slowly approached the beast.  
Suddenly Marmel heard a wisp of a sound.  The strands of silk spun off Adol’s body at a high angle.  As they landed down on the Ochan, the beast bowed its head low to the ground and crawled backwards to face Adol.    Its eyes were closed as it curled down and waited in obedience for its master.
But Adol was not looking at it anymore.  He peered high in the tree and spoke distantly in his mind.  Marmel could hear it faintly, and he knew that the words were not directed at him.  
Young one, I will make a trade.  Marmel could see the Cherubs swirl up between the branches of the tree above Adol.  From their light, he saw a round figure clinging to a perch near to the top.  
In an instant, he knew who it was.
I believe these are yours, Adol said quietly to Fredrick.
Adol stepped back towards the Ochan before saying, I’ll take back what is mine.  He extended his hand out over the beast before he looked back at Marmel. 
Before I leave you, child.  All his focus and intent was now on Marmel.  I will give you one last gift for your help.  Because you have freed me and given the knowledge to destroy my enemies, I will give you what was stolen from me.  
Marmel felt empty at his words, as if just below his skin were only pockets of air.  
I wasn’t able to decide where I was to die, so I will give that choice to you.
Marmel looked away from him.  He could see the cherubs swirl up the branches and to start circling around the top of the tree.  
So you may choose.  You can go back to your home, to High Forest, and burn.  You can march with the Tolus and die with honour as I cut them down in front of you.  Maybe you want to hide.  Then you can wait and be found by the scavenging hordes.  Or you can stay.  You could stay here and be torn apart by what comes out of that cave.  
Marmel could only bear to gaze at the flickering glow of the cherubs high above him.  He could see a long loose piece of fabric curving out in the wind from the perch.  
The Ochan knelt to the ground.  Adol mounted the beast behind its head and it rose proudly. 
Then Marmel heard a trembling from the cave.   
Now go, Adol breathed as his Ochan crawled slowly away.  And die as you see fit.
Adol disappeared into the darkness as Marmel felt a rustling under his cloak.  Cai had decided to come out of her hiding spot.  She popped her head out beside his neck and quickly peeked around.  
Marmel stood frozen.  His mind had been freed from Adol, but he still felt the emptiness as those words echoed inside his head.  He started to think it didn’t matter what he would chose to do now.      
Chirp!
The rumbling and snarling tumbled forward from the cave as the creatures poured from it.  The long legs of the Manti stumbled over the packs Loremolts, and looked starved with their many glinting eyes.  
Peep! 
Cai bounced up onto his shoulder and dug her claws into his tunic.  She fluttered her wings as if to lift him from the ground.  He looked up to where she wanted him to fly.
‘Fredrick,’ Marmel whispered.  He had hardly spoken since he had met Adol, and it felt strange to hear his own voice again.
Cai dug her claws into his shoulder and Marmel woke from his trance.  He gathered himself to run, moving quickly to Fredrick’s tree and started to climb up the branches.  He was an excellent climber, as were most kids from the forest, and moved quickly between each one.  But he had to be careful.  The bark was soaked and would crumble off as he grabbed hold of each one.  
Over the sounds of the creatures rumbling beneath him, he climbed almost half way up the tree before looking down.  
Countless Loremolt and Manti emptied from the cave and past the base of the tree.  They took no more notice of him.  They seemed driven to funnel after Adol.  
Marmel started to scale up the branches again.  He leaned out to see the swirl of cherubs slowly dance around the top.  As he climbed, the rush of the creatures below him slowly died off.  Their numbers faded to a few stragglers following at a distance.  
The top half of the climb was much more difficult.  The branches were thin with the bark often falling off when he touched it.  He paused, as one branch nearly disintegrated, impressed on how far up Fredrick had made it.  
Cai still held tightly to his cloak and would flutter her wings and chirp whenever he slowed.  He would look over at her, tired from the climb.  But she didn’t seem to care.  She would just tweak her head around, chirp and maybe try to nip at his ear.
Marmel neared the top and called out Fredrick’s name in a loud whisper.  But there wasn’t a reply.
Heaving himself up a few more branches, Marmel could see over the tree line.  But he focused on his grip.  His tree swayed a little too much.  He did not want to fall from so high.  
Coming up just beneath the perch, the cherubs scattered away and Fredrick reached his hand down to pull Marmel up beside him.  
Marmel could just stand and stare.  He thought he must look as bad as Fredrick did.  Fredrick was a mess of tangled hair with dirt imprinted into his face, neck and clothing.  His cloak was almost of a different colour.  Marmel noticed it was torn down near his leg with a bandage underneath to cover part of his thigh.  
Fredrick just quietly looked down, wrapping his palm and wrist in a long thin cloth.  Behind him his obsidian knife was driven partially into the bark of the tree.  
Marmel wanted to tell Fredrick about everything.  He wanted to ask Fredrick how he had escaped with the Ochan.  There were a hundred things he wanted to say.  But as he caught his breath to speak, Fredrick motioned for him to stay quiet and pointed down through the trees behind him.
There along the banks of the river, a long line of men skulked with Vultures circling above them.  They had shaven heads with their skin bare to the waist.  The men wore shards of fabric clumped together to cover their lower bodies in a mass of torn cloth.
The Haw, Marmel thought.  He watched the Vultures glide down before lifting themselves to drive high again into the air.  
Looking closer at the water beside them, Marmel saw many large shadows moving up the stream.  They were mostly under the surface with the jagged shells of the Shole-Crun driving against the current.  
Marmel looked back at Fredrick, but he was watching out over the treetops.  Beyond the plumes of smoke still rising from Drie, Marmel could see High Forest in the distance.  It was almost completely dark with a few light flowers scattered within.  It looked empty as its reflection stretched out over the surface of the lake below it.  Looking along the lake’s edge, Marmel saw another line of figures.  They walked slowly with their heads angled up and their faces covered by a dark mass.  Small yellow flames dotted the line as some of the arms of the Echlo-Ta burned weakly beside them.  
Then at the edge of Drie, Adol and his Ochan silently moved from the trees.  He paced away from the lake and stood looking out at High Forest as hordes of Loremolt and Manti followed out after him.  
There was a flicker of many lines of silk swirling off Adol’s body.  The creatures started to churn around him.   He began to move forward, marching slowly with the horde making a wide circle that touched down to the edge of the lake.  
Marmel looked to the plains to the south and east.  The sky was warming to a darkened blue from the morning sun.  He leaned out and watched as he wished for a host of Tolu and Ly Ryders on the horizon.  But as he strained to see, there was nothing but the empty plains stretching far and out of sight. 




iii



Poems of the First Age

When mountains woke from distant sleep
Unknown

When King So-Kai was formed again
From dust and bones beneath the plains
By ancient oceans driven from
Their deepest earthly resting place
He swore to fight just one last time
Against the terrors bent to take
All children nestled in their beds
Or hidden in a warm embrace

No man could stop the terror’s spree
And all who ran, or hid, or begged
Would surely meet a horrid end
Except but one, the King So-Kai
His body held the space between
A life and everlasting sleep.
With broken sword, his waking death
Was drifting t’ward a noble end

He did not fear their ghostly form
Or run from grisly rules of play
He stood before the dreadful host
And plumed with shattered gusts of rage
He crushed their bones with driving rain
And tore their skin from rancid flesh
To puncture crawling hearts with steel
And scatter what remained beneath

My Uniform, It Doesn’t Fit
Du-Lu the Elder

My uniform, it doesn’t fit
I could take it out a little
I tried it on and fabric split
Seams are looking stretched and brittle
I ate too many of your fruity pies
Buttered crusts and creams have made you merry
You made this soldier a much bigger size
On the battlefield, you’ll still be scary
They’re going to pull me in a cart
To display your fearsome girth
They’re worried it might fall apart
Cannot hold your massive worth
I need to dress and say goodbye
Please stay and have just one more pie

Go Back to Sleep and Close Your Eyes
Takmn-Ra

Go back to sleep and close your eyes
I’m here beside your lonely cries
From grisly sounds you woke in fright
But nothing’s here to fear at night

The scratch on doors, the snarls and howls
Are not more wounded beasts in prowl
But simply wind or little mice
That roam the night by once or twice

The screams and yells and cries for life
Are not more groaning madmen’s strife
But simply actors in a play
Rehearsing scenes for shows today

If creatures lurked outside these walls
Or ghastly men shout summoned calls
You’re safe in here with me to hold
Against the tide ‘til you are old
https://twitter.com/eliopaige

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/eliopaige

eli.olivia.paige@gmail.com




