

Tempted by Fire


HUNTERS AMONG US, BOOK 1




By M.D. Bowden




By M.D. Bowden

Gateway to Faerie:
Gateway to Faerie
Bell Stone: Gateway to Faerie II
The Two Vampires:
Dark Wine
Dark Blood
Dark Love
Dark Moors
Dark Flame – A Short Story
Hunters Among Us:
Tempted by Fire
Fighting the Flame
The Werewolf Hunter Chronicles:
Book 1 is Coming Soon!
FREE:
Graveyard (A Short Story)




Tempted by Fire (Hunters Among Us, Book 1)
By M.D. Bowden
Published by M.D. Bowden
Copyright © M.D. Bowden 2014
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes:  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters in this work are fictitious.  Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.




Table of Contents

By M.D. Bowden
Copyright
Tempted by Fire
Chapter 1:  Watched
Chapter 2:  Alice
Chapter 3:  Blur
Chapter 4:  Drinking Game
Chapter 5:  On My Mind
Chapter 6:  Victoria
Chapter 7:  Mr Self-Assured
Chapter 8:  Ghosts
Chapter 9:  True Colours
Chapter 10:  Tricked
Chapter 11:  Captive
Chapter 12:  The Truth
Chapter 13:  Sorry
Chapter 14:  The Hunt
Chapter 15:  In Trouble
Chapter 16:  My Decision
Sample of Book 2:  Fighting the Flame
Author Bio





for those of you who just love the paranormal, as I do




Tempted by Fire

About This Book
Eighteen year old Erin Lustleigh is just starting university.  She has no idea she is about to plunge into a world with werewolves, vampires, ghosts and, of course . . . hunters.  
Erin’s journey is one of heart ache, new experiences and dangerous dilemmas.  She finds herself torn between sides, not knowing who to believe, or who to trust.

Join Erin, as she finds out the dark truth . . .  




Chapter 1:  Watched


I AM SO god damn bored.  My legs are cramping and my back hurts, and I can’t get up to stretch, as I am completely hemmed into my seat by squashed, sweaty people.  And, to top off my discomfort; I can’t help but suspect the tall man, who’s standing in the crowded isle, is watching me.  Every time I look up, he averts his gaze, and makes out he’s reading a folded newspaper.  But, whenever I look away, I feel his eyes boring into the back of my head.  
Maybe I’m just being paranoid, because I’m nervous.  Why would he be watching me, anyway?  He looks like a journalistic type; maybe thirty-five, with closely cropped dark hair, a hint of stubble, and rectangular reading glasses.  His white shirt is open at the collar and his paisley tie pulled loose.  He’s fairly good looking, but I am much too young for him, so I’m pretty sure he’s not checking me out.  Maybe he’s bored too, and finds me amusing for some reason.  
I peer into the window to my left.  I can just see my reflection, if I ignore the rolling fields beyond the glass.  I can’t see anything stuck on my face, and it doesn’t look like anyone drew on it when I nodded off earlier.  My eyes do look tired, no doubt due to the fact I spent all night worrying about today.  
The funny thing is; the guy watching me; he looks kind of familiar . . . but I just can’t place him.  Where could I have seen him before?
I feel so restless.  I really wish I could just relax.  I was such an idiot to say I’d get to uni by myself; I should have got Mum and Dad to come with me, and help me find my room.  For some strange reason; I was determined not to be dependent; to do it on my own.  Thanks to my independent streak—all my things for the term are wedged into a giant rucksack.  It’s currently in the luggage rack, hopefully safe; there are too many people in the way to tell for sure.  
My lightweight, pale, trench-like jacket is folded on my lap, the only spare space available.  Its pockets are heavy with all the things I’d usually put in a handbag; phone, wallet, mints, valium!  
The old train lurches as the tracks curve around a corner, and a lady squashed into the seat on my right is jolted against me.
“Sorry, dear,” she mutters, as I rub my arm.
“No worries,” I say, glancing at my watch; to make sure there’s no chance I will look at the man again, or he will think it’s me watching him.
It’s about an hour until the train is due to arrive at Waterloo.  When it does I’ll have to change lines to get the train to Greenwich, and then I can go looking for my ‘halls of residence’.  
The fields are giving way to a grotty urban sprawl, as the train rumbles toward my destination.  Butterflies flutter in my belly.  
Normally I would read on a journey like this, but right now I’m too distracted by worries about what awaits; who I will meet, how many times I will get lost, whether I will get any sleep—surrounded by other eighteen year olds—and whether I’m doing the right thing going to uni at all.  
I close my eyes and rest my head against the worn seat-back, determinedly ignoring the persistent sense of being stared at.  This boredom is making me ridiculously sleepy, and I can’t help but start to drift . . .
Suddenly it seems as though I’m just a young kid, and I’m on holiday with my grandparents.  We are staying in a lakeside log cabin, bordered by an immense conifer forest.
Granny and Granddad are in the cabin, doing painting with my little brother, and while they’re busy I have the freedom to do as I wish, as long as I don’t go too far. . . .  I wander along the water’s edge and take a seat on a fallen branch, near the shady forest.  No-one else is out playing today, and I feel like a lost soul searching for something to do.  For a time I try to skim stones along the lake surface, but all that happens is the stones sink into the cool murky waters.  After a while the novelty wears off and I sit there aimlessly.  
I’m just about to get up and walk back to the cabin, but I hear footsteps crunching over debris.  It sounds like they are nearby, not too far into the forest.  The footsteps are quiet, delicate, and they don’t sound human—I suspect some type of animal.  I light up inside; if I am really quiet I could track it, deeper into the forest, and watch . . . without being seen.
I step gingerly on the ground, trying not to break a twig and alert the animal to my presence.  I reach the first thick trunk, marking the forest edge, the boundary that will take me away from the sun.  I peer around the edge and immediately spot a young deer, its snout poking around in leafy undergrowth.  The deer looks beautifully sleek, and I am instantly enchanted.  It turns its flank on me, pointy ears twitching upright, and I catch a sideways glimpse of wide startled eyes.  The deer springs away and disappears into the dense forest.  
I move fast, but lightly.  After all, I am only small.  I dart after the deer, and am soon so far from the lake I fear it will be hard to find my way back, and that my grandparents will start to worry.  At that moment I hear movement again, but this time coming from two directions; ahead of me—I think this must be the deer—and somewhere off to the left.  It sounds like something else is moving in, creeping ever so slowly toward the beautiful animal with sleek red fur.  Something is hunting it.  
I lose any idea I’d had about turning to leave.  Instead I peek cautiously around the next tree, and am rewarded to see the fawn only three feet away, frozen in place.  I hold my breath, waiting; I just know something is about to happen.  
A grey wolf jumps out from the thick shadows. It lands on the leafy earth, then leaps, jaws open wide, long fangs extended.  It swoops toward the deer, and that deer doesn’t even move.  It looks like a statue as the enormous wolf sinks its fangs right into the animal’s jugular.  The deer swings back and forth in the air, like the movement takes no effort on the wolf’s part, and then it lets it go.  The beautiful, fragile deer falls to the ground; dead.
Involuntarily I gasp.  I draw my body behind the tree, hoping to God that the wolf did not see me.  I hold my breath once more, and don’t even blink as, instead of a wolf; a naked man steps out from behind the tree, he steps from the scene of the deer’s slaughter.  The man turns and fixes glowing green eyes on my small brown ones.  His hair is grey, the very same grey as that of the wolf, and there is a smidgeon of deep red blood on his lips.  His body ripples with muscles; ready to pounce.  
I know, beyond a doubt: he is going to do the same to me, as he has done to that poor deer.  I can’t step back; the tree is blocking my way.  Somehow I know there is no point trying to run.  Instead I glare into the man’s eyes, eyes that simmer with green flames; flames that look like they will burn me.  He pounces, human jaws open wide, revealing fangs; clean and sparkling, like that of the wolf.
An incredible feeling swells in my body, and in my head.  It’s like a spark’s gone off, triggering something that until now has been buried so deep inside, I never knew it existed.  The spark leaves my head and bathes the air before me in a cloud of light, and in that cloud the man shakes so hard his momentum falters.  He falls to the ground at my feet.  Spasm after spasm rocks his body, and with each spasm he changes; it isn’t long until he is more wolf than man.  
Before I can leap away and run; two more men approach at lightning speed, zipping out of the shadows.  One is young, barely twenty; his hair dark and wild, a gun clutched in his fist.  The other is a touch slower, and a lot older; his hair is grey, but not like the wolf; the man is grey with age.  I think they’re coming for me.  The spark inside me ignites . . . but, I realise their eyes are normal, clear of flames, and they are heading for the man; the wolf.  The older man pushes the wolf onto his front and pins it to the ground with his weight.  As the fits start to subside, the younger man plants a bullet in its skull.
“Shhh, Shhh, this will help you forget.”
Before I even realise what is going on; the older man has plunged a needle into my arm.  All sensations fade into nothingness.
I jerk awake.  Shit—that was so real.  And that guy, the one who killed the werewolf—I think he was the guy who’s been watching me, while I’ve been sitting here . . . only he looked much younger.  Why did I let him sneak into my dream, and influence me like that?
Shit.  What is with my mind?  I am seriously over thinking this.  Now I’m not only being anxious, I’m also having delusions.  He was merely in my dream because I’m obsessing about him.  I should just ignore him.  
Determined to do just that, I stare out of the window until the train starts to slow.  The people around me start shuffling in their seats, preparing to disembark.  I crane my neck to look ahead, and catch sight of the grand glass arch of Waterloo station, then another train matches our speed and my view is cut off.  I look around without thinking, and am surprised to see a vacant spot in the carriage.  The man has gone.  




Chapter 2:  Alice


A SMALL GIRL with enormous brown eyes, faintly red from tears, bounds forwards. 
“Here, let me help you,” she giggles, smiling warmly.  
I let her take one of my bags and, trying to look confident, I return her smile.  “Thank you.”
“No problem, which room are you in?”
“Seventeen, next to yours, I think.”
Once more she bounds down the corridor, and I can’t help but instantly like her.  She waits by my door while I swipe our entry, then she follows me into my room.
“I see you’ve not been here long.”
I laugh.  “Noticed my lack of unpacking?” I raise my eyebrows and she giggles again.
“I got here yesterday, so I’ve had plenty of time to get my stuff straight, seeing as no-one else was here.”
“Were you more sensible than me—did you at least remember sheets?” I say, ripping open the plastic wrappings and starting to make up my bed.
“Yes, but my parents brought me, and a whole car load of possessions.  Did you come by yourself?” she says, helpfully tucking the sheet in for me.
“Umm, yeah.  I had a strange desire for independence, which I seem to be regretting . . .”
Bed made; we flop onto the covers.
“It looks better in here already, these are really pretty,” she says, stroking the tiny embroidered flowers.
“What’s your name?” I ask.
“Alice Jacobs.”
“I’m Erin Lustleigh,” I say, holding out my hand, which she shakes, giggling again.
“Nice to meet you Erin.  We have to go out tonight—please say you will?”
“Alright, but . . . I’ll need to find something to wear.”
“Me too, I can’t go out like this,” she says, gesturing to her ripped jeans, cutesy bear t-shirt and fluffy slippers.
“I guess not,” I say, and I join her in laughter.  Maybe making friends won’t be so hard.
“Want to see my room?”
I nod, and follow her into the hall.  She pushes open her door, to a room which looks like it’s already been lived in for a year.  She has black velvet floor length curtains, red silk bedding, a long narrow Egyptian rug; it looks like it’s been designed for the space, as only a trace of the blue carpet remains to be seen.  Her walls are decked in pretty mirrors, framed photo boards of people I presume are friends and family, along with a selection of moody posters.
“I love it!” I say, and she beams.  “I’ve just got to make mine this nice.”
I leave her to get changed for our night out.  Back in my room I empty all my possessions onto the floor, searching for shampoo and a not creased outfit.  Products in hand, I investigate the small en-suite; there’s a toilet, a mini sink with a mirror and shelf, and to the left is the smallest shower cubical I’ve ever seen.  To my amazement; the shower is luxury, and washing off the London grime and travelling stickiness makes me psyched to explore.  Soon I’m slipping a red dress over my shoulders and fastening a belt at the waist, and Alice is poking her head around the door I left ajar.
“How are you getting on?  I’m ready,” she adds.
“Still gotta do makeup, but I’m nearly there.”
“Oo, let me do yours—please,” she begs.
I inspect her beautiful eyes as she comes to crouch in front of me.  “You won’t go OTT on me?”
“I am the master of subtle, you’ll see.”
She runs out of the room, practically squealing, and returns a second later with an ominously large makeup bag.  Alice has dark brown hair, like mine, only hers is shorter, and cut into a chin length bob, which she’s expertly straightened into a glamorous twenties style do.  She’s wearing skin tight black jeans with super high heels—that I could never get away with as I’m too tall—and a shiny halter top.  Her enormous eyes are lined lightly with a brown that matches her irises, and her lids topped with a powdery sheen of white.  On her lips she’s wearing a touch of gloss.
I try not to hyperventilate at the unfamiliar closeness as she applies charcoal around my lashes, yet when I check my reflection; I see I need not have worried.  She has made my brown eyes look wider and more appealing, and somehow accentuated the features of my face with carefully applied colour, yet I don’t look overdone at all.  
I give my hair a quick blow dry and let it hang loose around my shoulders, then zip on knee length black boots.
“Ready.”
Minutes later we are out on the street, bright car headlights whizzing past, Alice bounding along by my side.  She is so excited; it’s contagious.
“I spotted a cocktail bar near here—shall we check it out?” she asks.
 I nod, not even trying to constrain my smile.  Alice grabs my hand and pulls me through a door, straight into the Caribbean.  The place is packed with groups of young professionals sipping luscious mixes out of tall glasses.  The lights are dim and hypnotic music is making me want to dance; although there’s definitely no room.  We squeeze through to the bar and order Mojitos off a man with authentic looking dreads, and a brightly coloured tie-dyed t-shirt.  
I start to feel awkward as we sip our drinks; I hardly know Alice and it’s so loud in here I’d have to shout to speak.  This makes me feel like I shouldn’t bother, unless I find something pretty amazing to say.  I’m stumped.  Alice looks happy though, so I decide to just let myself go with the flow, enjoy the atmosphere, and see where the evening takes us.
I drain my glass and gesture to the door, but it opens before I can reach it.  Our way out is blocked by a tall dark figure, who, for a moment just stands still, regarding us, and as a taxi goes by I have to squint to see him properly.  The man steps back, gallantly gesturing for us to go first.  Something about his appearance makes him stand out from the crowd, a certain confidence in his stance, and I immediately feel drawn to him.  As Alice nudges me past, I catch his eye, and a glimpse of dazzling blue flame.  But then, he blinks.  He opens his eyes again, and they are merely a perfect cerulean blue.  
Alice grabs my hand, and I realise I’ve been staring.  I snap my eyes away, ashamed, and let Alice pull me down the street toward the river.  I can’t help but glance behind me as the door to the bar swings closed, plunging the night into silence.  Or so it seems, until a siren snaps me back into focus.
Alice shivers.  “That guy was creepy, eh?”
“Hmmm?” I say, distracted.  I feel my cheeks heat as I realise what she said—that was not what I was thinking at all.  I decide to evade the question.  “I guess so.  What do you want to do now?”
She gives me a wicked, conspiratorial grin.  “Do you have an oyster card?”
“Sure I do . . . are you thinking central?”
“Yep, come on,” she says, grabbing my hand again and pulling me with her toward the station.
On the train we chat in hushed voices, while watching the night lights whisk past.  My ears pop as the train goes through a tunnel.  I clear them before speaking again.
“What are you here to study?”
“Sociology.  You?”
“History.”
Alice makes a funny face, and I can’t help but chuckle, a little.
“Yeah, it wouldn’t necessarily have been my first choice either, but I got the recruitment letter, and, well . . . my other options weren’t great.”
“Recruitment letter?”
“Like a scholarship, I guess.  The department head was at a higher education fair at college.”  I shrug.  “It’s a mystery to me why they liked me, or why they selected me when I’ve never even studied history before, but hey—it means I get to go to uni in London.”
“What A-Levels did you do?” Alice asks
“Sports Science, Biology and Geography,” I say.
She raises her eyebrows in mock horror.
“I know, completely wrong for my subject choice.”  We both giggle.  “What have you studied?”
“Sociology, Psychology and Biology,” she says.
“So we have something in common.”
“Hopefully biology won’t be the only thing,” she teases.
We pause awkwardly, me hoping that she’s right, and then suddenly worrying that we do have nothing in common, and we’ll spend the rest of the year avoiding each other.
Alice nudges me in the arm, and grins, as though she can tell exactly what I’m thinking.
“What do you think the other people in our hall will be like?” she asks.
“I can’t even imagine, or I could . . . but it would be such stereotypes that I’d be embarrassed!”
“I know what you mean, I’ve spent all summer wondering about who I will meet, whether there will be any cute guys . . . so you liked that guy, huh?”
“What guy?” I say, playing innocent.
“The creepy one.”
“No!  I mean, he was good looking . . .”
“That’s undeniable,” she interrupts.
“But . . . I don’t know.”
“Creepy,” she nods, knowingly.
“I don’t know about that, but there was something about him.” I think of the flash of flame I thought I saw, but it must have been a reflection; the evening is lit by an array of colours, that’s one of the things that makes London so appealing at night.
We exit the train at Charing Cross and leave the bright station for the buzzing streets of central London.  A gust of wind blows a strand of hair across my cheek; I tuck it firmly behind my ear as I watch a handful of leaves dancing by, on the paving.  
Then we are whisked into the crowd by a group of rowdy men as they stumble out of the station.  We quickly move on, so as not to be knocked over by a looming play fight.  
Pausing in Trafalgar Square, we quietly watch a fountain.  As the water falls it glimmers and shines.
“Where do you come from?” I ask Alice.
“Near Durham.”
“You didn’t fancy going to uni there?”
She shakes her head, and then smiles mischievously.  “Too close to home.  How about you—where are you from?”
“An unremarkable town in Devon.”  
That cuts the conversation dry.  
We wander away from the fountain and join the road to Leicester Square.  I jump away from the pavement, narrowly avoiding a red double-decker bus as it rumbles by.  
I feel the need to inject some liveliness back into our evening.  “You like dancing?”
Her face breaks into a wide smile.  “Yes.  I’ve been to a club near here before.” She spots my eyebrows raised in query, and quickly explains—“I’ve an older sister who lives in London.  The club’s a little further on . . . you game?”
I smile slyly.  “I am.”
Shortly later, we are shivering in a queue to a large opaque glass structure, trying to fend off boredom.  The earlier drizzle has stopped, and now a dry wind keeps whipping at my skirt and hair.  
A couple of girls our age disappear into the club, but of course the tuxedoed bouncer—who takes up most of the doorway with his bulk—has to stop us and ask for ID.  That happens far too often for my liking.  I guess that, regardless of my height, I still look young.  
We both rummage in our purses; I show him my driving license and Alice shows her passport.  The bouncer nods for us to continue on.  We walk into a dark passageway, star-like ceiling lights guiding us on to the next queue.  
As we stand in line Alice sighs wistfully.  “So, you can drive?”
“Yes, pretty much essential where I come from.  You don’t?”
She shakes her head.  “I tried to learn but . . . I hated being told what to do.”
I laugh.  “I know what you mean; my driving instructor was mighty bossy.”
We each hand over fifteen quid and head into the dark lobby, familiar chart music thudding through the double doors ahead.  Alice does a little excited jump as I push the door open, and let her enter first.  She giggles, grabs my hand, and practically wrenches my arm out of its socket in her eagerness.  
We wind through the crowd until we find a small clear space, then I let my body respond to the rhythm, and feel the words of the song resonate with my soul.  
I’m not surprised to see that Alice is a confident, and exuberant, dancer; she flicks her hair and twists her hips seductively, losing herself in fluid movement, seemingly unaware of the male attention she’s quickly attracting.  
I spot a group of four sleazy looking men working their way toward us, and this time I grab Alice’s hand, pulling her off toward the bar.  She doesn’t object.  We find a gap and I lean as far over the counter as seems proper, holding a note in my hand, trying to make eye contact with the bartender.  
I buy us our second Mojitos of the night, although these ones are far less special, more the mass produced variety.  
We climb a narrow staircase, and find a balcony, over which we lean, sipping our drinks as we watch the dancers.  I try to point out the men I saw approaching her, so we can avoid them, but I have to shout so loud.  Alice just smiles and nods; I’m pretty sure she is pretending to hear me.  
I follow her gaze and let my eyes settle on some teens as they contort and sway, lost to the darkness, moving lights and upbeat tunes.  One of the lights stops to spotlight a woman dancing, much in Alice’s style, on a podium.  Her sparkly top catches the light as she twirls and dips, playing to the desires of her audience.  I see the same men converge on her, and can’t help but roll my eyes.
Alice downs the rest of her drink.  “Come on—let’s dance,” she shouts, eyeing my unfinished drink.
“I’ll finish it on the way down,” I say, but as soon as she heads toward the stairs I push my drink into a corner, unfinished.  
I don’t know why, but suddenly I feel uneasy; staying sober seems wise.  I hurry after Alice to ensure I don’t lose her in the swarm.




Chapter 3:  Blur


I WEAVE ONTO the dance floor, narrowly avoiding colliding with a smooching couple, and guide Alice to a spot as far away from the sleazy men as I can manage.  We dance, surrounded by other young girls, smiling and twirling, and just having fun.  The next hour passes in a blur, and I start to forget that I’d been worried at all.  
Exhausted, we stumble off the dance floor and back to the bar.  Alice gets us shots of an intensely blue liquid.  Her eyes sparkling, she holds up three fingers; she puts them down one at a time.  When none remain we tip the drinks into our mouths.  First, I’m hit by the strong taste of aniseed, then the liquid burns its way down my throat, and we grin as the buzz kicks in, and bound back onto the floor.
I close my eyes and let the music take over my body, moving without thinking, until I’m just too thirsty to continue.
“Do you want some water?” I shout in Alice’s ear.
She shakes her head and glances, trying unsuccessfully to be subtle, in the direction of a blond man, who’s dancing nearby.  I get the message, so head off to get a drink, alone.  
Ten minutes later I’m back on the floor, the feeling of unease returning as I search for Alice, trying to make out her graceful movements and straight features from the multitude of unfamiliar faces.  Finally I spot her, entwined with the man she’d been eyeing, her arms wrapped around his back and her head in the crook of his neck, swaying too slowly to keep up with the music.  
I work my way toward them and find a place, not too close, but where I can keep Alice in sight.  I make an effort to catch her eye, and she looks happy, so I dance alone, not finding it quite as easy to become lost to the atmosphere.  
I keep looking at people around me, feeling on edge; the earlier feeling of being watched returning, ten-fold.  I search the balconies for eyes that might be on me, but all I see are party goers having fun.  I think back to the guy on the train, remembering how uneasy he made me feel; studying me, and wonder if it’s possible he could be out there somewhere, still watching.  
I shiver.  “Don’t be ridiculous,” I mutter.
I force my legs to keep moving to the music, to blend in, and to not let Alice see that I’m freaking out; I don’t want to set a bad impression, not this early in our friendship.  
A guy I don’t recognise starts to work his way toward me.  His features are shaded by the flashing lights behind him, casting his spiky hair in silhouette.  I look away, pretending I haven’t seen him, hoping he will leave me alone if I ignore him.  
No such luck.  
He places his hands on my waist and starts dancing close behind me, trying to coax me to sway my hips against his.  I pull away, moving toward Alice, but the man only holds me tighter, pulling me against him as he continues to dance.  He is strong, and from the smell of alcohol on his breath; uninhibited.  
I thrust my elbow back, hitting him in the stomach; and, thank god, he takes a step back; giving me the chance to at least turn, to see who I’m dealing with.  The guy has angular features, and is wearing a plain white t-shirt.  He has huge muscles; it wouldn’t surprise me if he plays rugby.
He sneers, and mouths, “No need to be like that.”  He steps toward me again, reaching for me.
I step back, but he grabs my arm hard, hurting me.
“Hey, let go!” I shout, voice blending with the thumping beat.  He ignores me, pulling me against his body.
I’m so angry I could hit him, and I’ve never hit anyone—and I’m also angry that no-one is coming to my aid; I’m surrounded by people and not one of them has noticed what’s going on.  
I struggle against his grip, but he dances, refusing to let me go, pretending that nothing is wrong.  I know I’ve got to stop him before this goes too far, and I am just considering head butting his chest, with everything I’ve got.  But, before I have a chance, something surges in my veins, throwing me off kilter; a spark of energy—it leaps out like smoke, and the man falters, steps back; he looks dazed, and like he might vomit.  
Scowling at me suspiciously, he turns, and leaves me alone, disappearing into the crowd.
I glance around nervously, wondering if anyone just saw what happened, but everyone is drunk, or on drugs.  Most have their eyes closed and are lost to anything but the relentless noise—that’s what it’s become.  I’ve had enough . . . I need to get out of here, right now.
I push through the crowd to Alice, who is now kissing the blond guy.  I know she will hate me for pulling her away; but right now I don’t care.  I shake her shoulder briefly, and she reluctantly parts lips with the guy, and turns to face me.  I don’t know what’s showing on my face, but her expression reflects concern.
“I’ve got to get out of here Alice.  I’m really sorry . . .”
She nods and her enormous eyes look ready to pop.  She turns and whispers something to her man, who grabs her for one final kiss.  As Alice pulls away, their fingers only separate at the final moment.  She turns and blows him a coy kiss, before he too disappears from view.  
I drag her into the dark entrance passage, away from eyes I felt glued to my back as we struggled through the crowd, to the door.
“What’s wrong?”
I consider not telling her, but then reconsider; she’ll think me weirder still if I hide the whole truth, so I decide to just tell her part of it.  “Some guy just tried to attack me,” I mumble.
“What?!  Where is he?  We should report him . . . or something . . .” she trails off as I vehemently shake my head.
“No, no, let’s just go.  I don’t want to see him again.”
“But he might try it on someone else . . .”
“I don’t think he will.”  Suddenly I smirk.  “I hit him pretty hard.”  
I don’t bring up the fact it wasn’t purely physical force I hit him with; I’ve no idea what happened, and dwelling on it can wait until I’m alone.
She chuckles.  “Sorry I wasn’t there to help you,” she says, giving me puppy-dog eyes.
“It’s OK.  I think I’ll feel better when we’re outside.  I’m sorry too, about . . .”
“Don’t be.”  This time it’s her who’s vehement.  “I got his number anyways,” she whispers, winking in a conspiratorial fashion.
On the way home we fall into silence; but it’s not with awkwardness now; we are both just plain exhausted.  It’s a good job we left when we did, as we only just managed to catch the last train to Greenwich.  If we had stayed out any longer we would have had to opt for the—far more expensive—taxi option.
Now I’m tucked up in bed and, typically, I can’t sleep.  I’ve closed the window, but can still hear the traffic, and non-stop life of the city.  Unfamiliar creeks and bangs disturb me; it’s hard to tell what’s normal, from what might be a threat.  I can’t relax enough to close my eyes, which refuse to rest, and instead dart around the room looking for shadows.  
The curtains are not substantial enough to block out all the light from the street, so a yellow glow permeates around the edges.  As cars pass, their headlights blaring, fresh light penetrates my room; shadows shift in majestic waves across the wall.  
My ears are buzzing, an after effect of the loud club music, and my mind is reeling from the long day of new experiences, new people, new sights, and new places.
I toss my new covers back and sit up in bed.  All is silent next door; my guess is that Alice passed out some time back.  I pace the room a few times, watching more shadows pass, then restlessly approach the window.  I draw back the curtain, push open the window as far as it will go—which, probably as a result of health and safety procedure, is only a crack—and let the night time in.  
I stand on my tiptoes and lean against the glass, peering out into the darkness.  Now it’s late; the air is fresh, and the cloudy sky a hazy dull orange.  
I can’t stop thinking about what happened at the club; the way that strange cloud seemed to come out of my body, how it seemed to affect that man.  It was so . . . creepy.  
It’s not the first time something like that has happened.  When I was about fourteen, this annoying kid tripped me at school, and then he laughed.  I was so angry.  I knew he was trying to wind me up; he’d had it in to make me feel like shit for who knows how long.  Something inside me just snapped.  I felt the same surge in my veins—like adrenaline, but more powerful—and saw the same cloud of light.  It enveloped the boy, as it did the overly familiar man.  The boy batted the cloud away, puzzled, and then he also narrowed his eyes.  Looking as though he would vomit, he ran off toward the bathroom.  
That time other people did see.  It happened in the school corridor, and I got a few funny looks.  People avoided me for a while, but then time passed and I guess kids started to forget, or never really believed . . . I don’t know.  I’ve never forgotten though, I’ve also never understood.  
I sigh, my eyes starting to droop with tiredness, and clamber back into bed.  I leave the window open, feeling reassured by the hum of life.  I lie still, forcing my eyes to close, to ignore the constant shadows.  As I finally fall asleep, I can’t help but wonder what might be wrong with my body – why am I such a . . . an abnormality?  Why am I such a freak?
The rest of the week passes in a blur of activity and new faces.  Gradually the halls fill up and I meet my other flatmates: two girls and four boys.  The kitchen is already a tip, and creating a simmering tension between us all.  
Most of the week I’ve spent with Alice—she has helped to decorate my room, encouraging me to prowl antiques shops for knickknacks, and joined me on a jaunt to an out of town shopping complex to buy curtains.  My room is now my haven.  I have an ornate oval mirror, hanging over the fake-wood desk provided by the university, which I have decked with books I brought, along with some old ones I picked up.  
On my window are long curtains like Alice’s, only purple, not black.  They are thick enough to block out all light, and to keep those shadows at bay.  I also got earplugs; essential if I’m to get any sleep in this place.
Now it’s Freshers’ Week.  
My alarm rudely awakened me five minutes ago, so it’s about time I got out of bed; today is the day my new life starts.  My heart is pounding hard, and I can’t help but wonder what I’ve let myself in for.  
Brushing off my sweaty palms, I climb out of bed and draw back the curtains.  I blink repeatedly as bright sunlight streams in, highlighting floating dust in the air, making it sparkle.  Yawning, I start my morning ritual; shower, hair, makeup, clothes . . . etc., etc.  
Leaving the confines of my sanctuary, I shuffle into the kitchen and put on the kettle.  I grunt hello to James, whose room is across the hall from mine.  He’s wearing a football shirt, and is nervously nibbling at a piece of toast.  I guess it’s not just me who’s fretting today.  
Alice bounds into the room as I’m pouring muesli into a boringly plain white bowl.
“I’m so excited,” she squeaks.
I groan.  “Really?  I’m nervous.”
“Nervous.  Excited.  Same diff,” she shrugs, smiling with enthusiasm as she pulls a couple of mugs from the cupboard.  “Tea?”
“Please.  Do you want to go to registration together?”
“Yes, that would be great.”
After she’s made my tea, I take a small sip, trying to repress the butterflies in my tummy.  I eat my breakfast leaning against the counter, staring aimlessly out of the window at the sky.  Alice chatters away, tucking into a bowl of frosted flakes.  She finishes first.
“Meet you in five?” she asks.
“By my door,” I say, as firmly and decisively as I can.
She nods, and skips off down the hall.  I catch James’s eye; he shakes his head in mock disbelief at her exuberance.  I chuckle.  
“I know,” I mouth, “but she’s really nice,” I add, trying not to be mean.  
I leave him to finish his breakfast in peace, and return to my room to grab my bag, and Miss Exuberance herself.  I’m about to find out what this uni business is really like.




Chapter 4:  Drinking Game


WE SNAKE OUR way through Greenwich.  It’s rush hour—vast quantities of students and tourists, cars and buses, are creating a frenzy of activity and noise.  A taxi driver beeps angrily as some teens shoot across his path.  Traffic lights shift to green and engines roar to life.  Alice clutches hold of my arm as a bike nearly knocks her off the curb.  
As we enter the University grounds, the atmosphere immediately shifts.  I start to feel excited too; the tall arches and roman-like pillars of the ancient buildings, the manicured lawns and open spaces, people milling around; chatting and looking at books; it all feels so . . . enlightening, stimulating.  
Even the people are different from back home.  There nearly everyone was white, but here there’s much more diversity.  Just scanning the area nearby I can see an enormous mix of people; from those native to this country, to other Europeans, to Asians and Africans.  It’s a refreshing change.
Alice beams at me, her gorgeous brown eyes wider than usual.  “So, where does that map say we should go?”
I fold it up and slip it in my pocket.  “That way.”  
She looks puzzled.  I chuckle, and point to the huge sign ahead which proclaims that ‘REGISTRATION’ is through a passage, between two pale stone arches.  We pass various open-air stalls, some advertising clubs and societies, others selling posters or university merchandise.  
Flyers advertising parties and events are rammed into our hands as we slowly make our way through the mass of students.  Another sign directs us onward, and it’s not long before we find the hall.  It is already full of people, most standing silently, the slightest rustle is amplified by staggeringly high ceilings.  
“Meet you on the steps outside?” Alice asks.  
We have to part company; to join the appropriate queues for our disciplines.
I nod, swallowing nervously as she heads away.  I peer at the various desks, trying to work out where on earth I’m supposed to be, when I finally notice there’s a list of subjects pinned to the side of each.  
I stand in line, trying not to look too closely at the other people queuing, fully aware I’m in the same department as them, and will probably be getting to know some of them pretty soon.  The guy in front shuffles forward, dragging his bag along, using his foot.  
Awkwardness is ripe in the air, everyone avoiding each other’s gaze.  
A tall lanky guy joins the queue behind me, and gives me a tentative smile.  As the line diminishes in size, we too shuffle forward, and I pull out ID and registration papers.  
I spot Alice walking out, and give her a little wave, but she doesn’t see me.
When I reach the desk a young girl smiles warmly, she looks like a student herself.
“Erin Lustleigh,” I inform her.  
She searches for my name on the list, and when she finds it she formally ticks a box.  I hand her my papers, then stand uncomfortably while she inspects them.  She peers at my face before checking the photo on my driving licence.
“This all looks fine,” she tells me, passing over a Greenwich University branded bag, containing various booklets.  “In there is your programme for Freshers’ Week, so take a look at that today.  You will be given a timetable later in the week by your year leader.”
“Thank you,” I murmur, and wander away.
Outside I take a deep breath of fresh air, relieved to have got through the first obstacle, and search for Alice.  I spot her leafing through a Greenwich University diary, sitting halfway down the chalky steps.
“Hey,” I say, sitting down beside her.
“Hi!  Check out your bag, it’s got lots a goodies.”
I open it up and pull out a pile of bumph.  I leaf past general uni info, guides on student safety, living away from home, the Students’ Union, until I find a sole sheet of paper marked ‘Introductory Week for History BA’.  I quickly scan the paper to get an overall picture, and exhale with relief when I spot there’re only three things I need to go to; not so bad.
“When’s your first class?” Alice asks.
“Hmmm . . . ten a.m. tomorrow.  It’s termed ‘Meet & Greet’.  Sounds annoying.”
“Yeah, I’ve got the same thing, but at eleven.”
A brightly coloured flier catches my attention.  “There’s a band at the Student Union tonight,” I point out, half interested.
“That could be good.  Shall we see what the boys in the hall want to do?”
“OK . . . so . . . do you have your eye on one of them?”
She instantly blushes.
“I knew it,” I say.  “Which one?”
She coyly checks over her shoulder.  “Rhys,” she whispers.
“Umm, he is kinda cute.  What about the guy you met in the club?”
She looks annoyed.  “He’s still not called me—don’t think he’s going to now.”
“Sorry ‘bout that . . .”
“I’m not annoyed at you!  I’m angry at him . . . hate it when guys do that.”
“Yeah.”
“So what about you?  Do you like anyone?”
“No, sadly not.”
“Not at all?”
I shake my head.
“What about back home, do you have a honey waiting?”
“I really don’t.  I always seem to like guys who are unavailable,” I shrug.
“That’s not much fun,” she pouts.  “Maybe you’ll like someone in class.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
My lack of enthusiasm makes the conversation run out of steam, so we meander around campus for a while, and then get in yet another queue—this time for Student Union membership.
When evening arrives, Alice tells the boys we’ll go in on a bottle of tequila.  We dress up while they go to the shop.  I choose my only other dress, a deep blue shift, clustered around the waist, falling to just above my knees.  I wear it with two silver hearts dangling from my earlobes, and the same black boots that accompany me everywhere.  I brush my long hair until it shines, then apply a little eyeliner and mascara.  My makeup skills don’t quite match Alice’s, but I like to keep things simple.
A collection of feet stomp past and a fist thumps on Alice’s door.  I think the tequila’s arrived.  Tentatively I leave the safety of my room and peek into hers.
“Come in!” Alice says.
I squeeze past Rhys, the guy Alice likes.  He is on his knees, lining up a collection of shot glasses.  He is good looking, I can see why she fancies him; he has short scruffy hair—dark with bright red highlights—and is quite well built.  His eyes practically sparkle with a mischievous energy, but it also seems like maybe he’s a touch on the arrogant side; like he knows he’s sexy and he’s planning to use it to his advantage.  
I squeeze past Alice too, who’s squatting next to Rhys, and take a seat on her bed, between James and Louie, another flatmate.
“We should play ‘I never’,” Alice says.
I groan.  Louie, an average height, messy haired kid—who I’m guessing will be better looking once adolescence passes and his skin clears up—looks bored, but says nothing.  Rhys and James are all for it, so I lose on this count.
Alice slices a lemon and hands out one piece each.
“One shot first, then we start,” Rhys says.
We all lick the back of our hands, and then Alice applies salt to our freshly licked skin.  Rhys hands around shot glasses, all full to the brim with golden tequila.
“On three,” he says.  “One . . .  Two . . .  Three!”
In union we lick the salt off our hands, tip the drinks down our throats, and then suck the sour lemon.  The instant tequila slammer buzz increases my enthusiasm for the game.  Rhys refills our glasses.
“Rules,” Rhys intones.  “We move around the circle, taking turns to say ‘Never have I . . .’.  We drink one sip if we have done it.  No questions.”
“OK then,” Alice says.  “Never have I ever thrown up in a pub.”
Louis and Rhys sip their drinks.
“Eew,” Alice says, playfully pushing on Rhys’s arm.  “Your turn Louie.”
“Never have I ever had sex on my period.”
No-one takes a sip.  “I’m not sure that impossible things are allowed,” says James.
“Not impossible for everyone,” Louie points out.  “Plus, Rhys said ‘No Questions’.”
“That’s ‘no questions’ if you take a sip, dumb ass,” says Alice, rolling her eyes.
I decide to break up the fight.  “Never have I ever PLAYED THIS GAME.”
James takes a sip.
“Never have I ever kissed a guy.”
Alice and I both drink.
Rhys:  “Never have I ever fallen in love.”
Alice looks put out.  I’m the only one who drinks.
Alice:  “Never have I ever farted and blamed it on someone else.”
All three guys drink.  Alice and I laugh.
Louie:  “Never have I ever called someone the wrong name while in the sack.”
Rhys drinks.  Alice looks even more put out.
Me:  “Never have I ever . . . shot a gun.”
Louie drinks.  Glasses are refilled.
James:  “Never have I ever fancied a friend’s parent.”
I drink, as does Louie.
Rhys:  “Never have I ever been arrested.”
Louie drinks.
Alice:  “Never have I ever been taken to hospital in an ambulance.”
Louie drinks.
Louie:  “Never have I ever been in a band.”
Alice drinks.
Me:  “Never have I ever kissed a girl.”
Everyone else drinks, including Alice.  I raise my eyebrows at her and she giggles.  I notice Rhys eyeing her inquisitively, and can’t help but suspect she just made it up, to attract his attention.
James:  “Never have I ever grabbed an electric fence.”
I drink.
Rhys:  “Never have I ever cross-dressed.”
James, Louie and I all drink.
This time Alice raises her eyebrows at me.  “What—I dressed up as Mulder when I was a kid,” I say, mock defensively.
“No questions,” Rhys states.
Alice:  “Never have I ever . . . eaten meat.”
The rest of us drink.  Glasses are refilled.
Louie:  “Never have I ever smoked dope.”
The rest of us drink.
Me:  “Never have I ever had a broken bone.”
Alice and Rhys drink.
James:  “Never have I ever peed on a bush.”
“Yeah right,” Louie mutters.  He and Rhys drink.
Rhys:  “Never have I ever lied in this game!”
Alice drinks.
Alice:  “Never have I ever wanted to kill someone,” she says, eyeing Rhys with annoyance.
We all drink, laughing now. 
I’m just getting into the swing of things for my next ‘Never have I’ when Louie stands, clutching the wall to stop himself wobbling, and announces—“The band will be starting, let’s go.”  Then he hiccups and we all laugh again.
I stand, and I do wobble.  Rhys grabs my arm to stop me falling.  Alice narrows her eyes.
The Union isn’t far, and on the way I walk as far from Rhys as I can manage, to appease Alice’s mood.  The others chatter and push each other around, good naturedly, but I just watch their drunkenness, a little amused.  
The Union is down a traditional Greenwich street, with gorgeous tall, brick-faced, Edwardian houses.  It’s opposite an open-faced pub, which is spilling at the seams with students.  
Outside the Union itself, we join a queue and all find our new NUS cards while we wait for the bouncers to check everyone’s ID.  We’re not waiting long, and are soon let into the dark and crowded club.  
Alice grabs my hand and pulls me through the crowd, toward the bar.  We end up pushed right into the wood at the front, and have to wait for ages to be served.  I can hear the base thudding through the inner walls, and am anxious to get away from this squash, and dance.  
Alice finally manages to get the bartenders attention, and as she shouts out what we’d like, I spot a familiar face ordering further along the bar; the guy Alice thought was creepy, the one with the cerulean blue eyes.  
I try to look away before he sees me watching, but I don’t manage it.  His eyes catch mine and for one second I see that trace of fire.  I close my eyes.  When I open them, he’s gone.




Chapter 5:  On My Mind


MOJITOS IN HAND, we work our way through the mass of students, through a narrow hall, toward the sound of loud rock.  My eyes peel the crowd for the guy I saw at the bar; what was with the flash of fire?  Surely I imagined it—but . . . is that really likely, when I’ve now seen it twice?  
Alice spots the guys at the back of the crowd, beers in hand, and I follow her to Rhys’s side as a drum beat rolls through the air, bringing a song to a dramatic end.  The crowd cheers.  The first cords of ‘Mustang Sally’ ring through the air as the noise dies down.  I can’t help but dance a little as I sip away at my drink.  I’m now pleasantly tipsy, alcohol swimming in my blood.
Alice tries to cajole Rhys to dance, going as far as holding his hand and trying to pull him toward the throng.  He’s not having any of it.  She has better luck with the other guys, who follow her onto the dance floor like puppies.  Alice leads them closer to the band, so I quickly lose sight of her among the dancers.  Rhys moves to my side.  He touches my arm gently.
“So, who was it you wanted to kill?” he asks, shouting to be heard over the music, and leaning in close.
“My little bro, sometimes he can drive me crazy,” I confess, joking.  “What about you?”
“Alice—she’s been coming on too strong,” he says.
Shit.  “I think she’s just trying to be friendly,” I say, sounding lame.
“Yeah, maybe. . . .”
Rhys drains his bottle of beer as I take the final minty sip of Mojito.  “Do you want to dance now?” he asks.     
I nod.  “Shall we try and find the others?”
I move onto the floor, squeezing and meandering through gaps in the crowd, slowly working my way closer to the band.  A tall Goth kicks off a guitar solo and the students sway, riveted.  
I turn to check Rhys is still with me, and am surprised to see him very close, our eyes level.  He loops his arm around my waist and rocks me to the side, in an inept embrace, his red highlights picking up hints of blue under the retro lighting display.  I twirl out of his grip, uncomfortable, but I keep on moving, trying to pretend everything is normal.  
As I bend and twist, I shoot glances through the crowd, worried that Alice may have seen Rhys holding me.  Rhys is dancing close by my side, but now everyone is close, and I have no choice but to keep swaying.  He’s actually a pretty good dancer, for a guy, more confident than I would have imagined; although maybe that’s just the tequila.  The band shifts to a slow tune as Alice bursts through the crowd and shimmies between us.
“I lost the others,” she shouts.
This time Alice loops her arm around my waist, and Rhys’s too—and pulls us in to dance, as a threesome.  Rhys wraps his arm tightly around my waist, protectively.  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.
“I need the loo,” I say, excusing myself from their grip.
I leave them entwined as I weave my way between other couples, thinking maybe I should get some water, try to sober up a bit.  I’m just about to leave the dance floor when someone steps directly in my path.  I raise my eyes, somehow knowing before I see the truth; that the eyes I’m going to meet are a perfect cerulean blue.
“Hello,” he says, his voice low and terribly seductive.
“Hi,” I mutter, trying to sidestep.
He anticipates my movement and steps in the way.
“Would you like to dance?” he asks.
I regard him warily, yet I’m not able to stop gazing at his beautiful face, his blue eyes smouldering at me, making it pretty hard to refuse—but I still remember the fire.
“I’m going to get some water,” I say, trying to step away, again.
“Let me.”
“No, thank you.” Like I’d let someone like him buy me a drink; it’s not like I haven’t heard of the date rape drug.
Again, I try to side step him.
“Hey wait—I won’t hurt you.”
OK, that’s enough—I can’t trust someone who says something like that, however gorgeous he might happen to be.  I wrench my eyes away from his annoyingly captivating gaze, hoping he’s not about to try anything he shouldn’t—like the guy in that Leicester Square club did.  I don’t want any new attempts at friendship to be ruined by me producing a weird magical cloud to protect myself.
“I need to go.”
This time he grabs my hand, stopping me in my tracks.  The second his hand touches mine I stop wanting to leave.  I look back into his eyes—suddenly finding his presence comforting, relaxing.  I look down at our entwined hands, confused—what just happened?
“Let’s dance,” he says.
I nod, and let him lead me onto the dance floor.  The slow dance has finished and now the lead singer is blaring out the words to an old ‘Blur’ song: Park Life.  The students are jumping in a mosh, pushing each other around.  For a second I wonder what’s become of Alice and Rhys, but then Mr Cerulean Eyes twirls me in his arms and all thoughts of the others evaporate.
“What’s your name?” I ask, holding his gaze as he guides my body into an uncharacteristically seductive salsa—somehow keeping our movements in time with the music, even though the dance itself doesn’t fit.
“Aaron Knight,” he says, his voice deep and melodious.  “And yours?”
“Erin—Erin Lustleigh,” I stammer back.
I can’t help but stare at his face now, his lips—they curve temptingly, and are a subtle red.  My whole body is thrumming at his touch; the way he is holding my waist, the way his hand is touching the bare skin on my arm; it’s driving me crazy.  I ever so desperately I want to kiss him, want him to kiss me.
As the song ends he twirls me one final time.  And then he lets go.  The air between us simmers as we gaze into each other’s eyes.  I want him to touch me again, I want to be reminded of how amazing it feels to have his hands on me.  I can feel each place he’s already touched me; my skin is singing, longing for more.  
His lip is starting to curl into a sly smile; and I know why; he knows he’s got me under his spell, and the problem is, I bloody well don’t care; all I care about is getting out of this place and being with him, holding him, getting closer than it’s possible to be with anybody.  
I let my eyes wander away from his, down past his lips, and let them roam; to see the rest of him; to see what this man I’ve suddenly become completely and utterly enamoured by actually looks like.  His eyes are quite heavyset, shrouded by course black eyebrows, which he’s raising in subtle mirth.  His hair is a very dark brown, almost black, and it’s cropped short, maybe even shaved—much shorter than is usually my taste.  
His skin is very pale, almost unhealthy looking, but this negative factor is counteracted by his obvious fitness; he is wearing a tight black t-shirt which doesn’t exactly hide the fact that—and I’m not exaggerating here—his body is totally ripped.  
Reluctantly I return my gaze to his face, and once more I catch a glimpse of that fire; although now it doesn’t bring on a sense of fear—I want to dive into those eyes and devour him.  
I’m just about to take a step closer, considering doing just that, when someone grabs my arm.
“Erin, the guys want to leave—let’s go,” she says, tugging me away from Mr Cerulean.
I look back to protest, but he is gone.  Huh?
Back with the others, I let them guide me through the flashing lights and noise, back out into the clear night air.  I feel dazed, confused; somewhat empty.  Aaron.  Aaron Knight.  That’s what my body is missing; his touch, his gaze—that ridiculously compelling look he was aiming directly at me, like no-one else in the world existed.
Alice interlocks her arm through mine as we follow the guys back toward our hall of residence.
“So . . . you decided to give that creepy guy a go then?”
“He’s not creepy,” I reply, my voice tinged with ice.
“If you say so.”
Before she can say anything else on the subject, I decide to change the topic.
“You and Rhys looked cosy,” I say, nudging her arm.
She suddenly looks depressed.  “I don’t think he’s interested,” she mutters, watching his back as he, Louis and James wander ahead.
“You’ve got the whole year to persuade him of your charms,” I reassure her.  “Maybe you should step back a bit, try to get to know him as a friend.  You might find you don’t even like him as much then.”
“Maybe . . . or maybe we should play more drinking games!”
“I’m NOT in—I’ve got to be in earlier than you tomorrow, and I already feel kind of strange—and I don’t want to feel like shit when I meet everyone for the first time.”
Her face falls.  “What’s wrong?”
“I’m not sure, I just feel . . . antsy.”
“That doesn’t sound good.  Look, I’m sorry I pulled you away from Mr Creepy, but I really think you should avoid him.  I don’t trust him.”
I stay silent.
Finally I’m closing the door to my room, shutting the outside world away.  I left Alice chatting in the kitchen, and somehow I suspect that taking my advice is not at the forefront of her thoughts.  Mind you—I’m not planning to take hers either.  I can’t stop thinking about that gorgeously fit guy, and the way he touched me.
“Aaron,” I say, out loud.  “I wish you hadn’t disappeared on me . . .”
Suddenly I feel on edge.  I look over my shoulder to check I really am alone—that it’s just me in this small room.  I slowly walk to the window, a peculiar fear making me afraid to even look out.  As I reach the glass my breathing quickens.  I reach for the catch and pull it tightly closed, then whip across my heavy curtains—refusing to look outside.  
I collapse onto my bed and take a deep breath—what is wrong with me?  I don’t need to add paranoia to my problems right now.  I thought I’d put thoughts of being watched behind me, after my first day.
I pick up a dirty glass and give it a wash out in my little en-suite sink, and then fill it with cold water.  I down that back then refill it and take the glass to my bedside—determined to drink as much water as I can and flush the alcohol out of my blood stream.
I settle down in bed, jam in my ear plugs—prepared for when Alice takes the party back to her room—and pull the covers over my shoulders.  I feel safe tucked up in bed, but I’m not sure I’m going to be able to sleep.  My ears are ringing from the loud band, but even louder is the buzz of my brain—repeating every interaction of the night, over and over, in an annoying loop.  
I feel unsettled at the memory of Rhys’s attention.  I feel frustrated by Alice’s relentless enthusiasm for partying, and her unerring ability to feel good regardless.  I need to work to feel good, in fact; I should work to feel good.  
I toss the covers back and fiddle amongst my belongings on the floor, searching for my alarm clock in the darkness.  I find its smooth cool surface and click the button across so it will wake me at seven a.m.  Probably unnecessarily early, but it will mean I can go for a run before anyone else is even up.  The exercise should wake me up and shake off any nerves about class.  
With that plan in mind I close my eyes again, but before my lids I see the face of Aaron Knight; his eyes flaming bright blue, burning me.
That night I do sleep—but I dream of Aaron; of dancing together, the feel of his hands on my skin, the way he made me know I was somehow safe and more alive than I’ve ever been, all at the same time.  I fantasise he’s in my room; holding me while I sleep—kissing me. . . .  I toss restlessly, but each time I fall back into slumber, I drift into the same dream.
When the buzzing of my alarm wakes me, I groan loudly—why can’t I shake him from my thoughts?  And, I don’t even bloody well have his number.  I have absolutely no idea when I will next see him, or if I’ll ever see him again.  
Reluctantly I sit and rub away sleep dust—trying to rub away my thoughts.  It doesn’t work, so instead I give up and rummage through my cupboard in search of running gear.  All equipped I down a glass of water and head for the door.
Of course, even though I’m up early for a student, Greenwich is already alive with traffic and the pavements are crowded with early morning commuters; sombre face and heading for the railway.  I treat the town as a warm up, only starting to jog when I reach the river bank path of the wide Thames.  
I pick up my pace slowly, feeling my feet pound against the smooth tarmac, sidestepping the odd cyclist or fellow runner, avoiding a mother pushing a pram.  But, in general, the riverside feels sparse, almost desolate, next to the huge expanse of choppy river.  I let my eyes trail after boats taking passengers to the city centre—meditating on anything but Aaron Knight.  
But, ridiculous as this is; I can’t help but look for him around every corner, every alley, imagining him pulling me away from the river . . . distracting me with his body, his lips . . .
I run faster, as fast as I can push myself—until my heart’s beating so hard I’m gasping for air.  I turn back toward the halls at a slow jog, loosening up my muscles, enjoying the feel of power that exercise brings.  Back inside, I bypass the empty kitchen and closed doors, to my room, relishing the quiet of the morning, after the noise of the night.
I take a long shower, washing away not only sweat, but tension, and then plop myself on the side of my bed—wondering how I should dress on my first day.  Should I choose something understated—aim to blend?  Or something more adventurous—to make myself stand out, and look confident?  Tricky.  
In the end I opt for faded skinny jeans, a raspberry coloured fitted shirt and my short black leather jacket.  I put on just a smidgeon of makeup and tie my hair back in a knot.
The kitchen is still empty so I make a quick cuppa and pour a large bowl of cereal.  I take them both back to my room so I can eat the lot in peace.  I know I’m hiding, but I need the solitude to prepare for the day.  I just pray we don’t have to sit in a circle and introduce ourselves—something I could do without; ever.  Once I’m done eating, I gather up anything I think I might need—papers, pens, water, wallet, ID, umbrella . . . probably too many things—and head for the door.  
This time I’m confident about my route—after Alice and I returned to our halls yesterday, I snuck out and rehearsed it—so I walk confidently, map free.  The university grounds bring a kind of peace to my soul, soothing my rattled nerves.  I close my eyes and absorb the sunlight, feeling the subtle warmth bathe my skin.  
Then I enter the building, pass vending machines and follow the sterile passage to room 405.  I’m five minutes early but the door is open and no-one is waiting outside, so I take a final deep breath, and then plunge into the room.  To my surprise it’s a tiered lecture theatre, very brightly lit, already half full with students, all sitting silently, self-consciously, no-one wanting to be the first to talk.  
I step as quietly as I can down a couple of steps then nuzzle into an empty seat, on a row only a couple of other people are sat.  They don’t meet my eye, but stare unblinkingly at the empty and untended projector up front.  A couple of unfamiliar faces turn and watch me sit down, but they look too scared to as much as smile.  
I take out my water and sip at it to ease my dry mouth.  I watch as more students filter in and select seats, until I finally spot Victoria, another girl from my flat, and give her a little wave.  She squeezes past a couple of people who have joined my row, and takes a seat at my side.  I immediately notice she has gone for the understated look—simple black jeans and top, or maybe that’s how she always dresses.
“Hi,” I whisper.
“Hey, have you been waiting long?” she whispers back, in a subtly confident Scottish accent.
“A couple of minutes—no teachers to be seen yet.”
As I say that a man walks in.  He looks like he’s in his sixties; he has grey hair and his stomach is rather on the rotund side under his stereotypically old school, tweed jacket.  I recognise him from my interview.  He was friendly and tatty, approachable, but with a drawling voice I suspect I’ll have difficulty following if he’s going to be teaching me.  
He fumbles with the projector until a wonky slide graces the screen—with the words ‘History BA’ in large letters, and underneath that ‘School of Humanities & Social Sciences’ in a smaller type face.  If it’s even possible, the silence intensifies, so I don’t take this opportunity to ask Victoria why I’ve barely seen her in our hall these last few days.
The lecturer coughs.  “Hello everybody.  Welcome to the History Department at Greenwich University.”  He clicks a button and another slide appears—this one unhelpfully also saying ‘Welcome’.  “I am Professor Greenplank, your year leader.  I’m going to take this opportunity to lay out the course structure and introduce you to your key lecturers for this term.”
I quickly pull my pad and pen out of my rucksack and jot down ‘Professor Greenplank’ before I forget it, and as he flicks up a slide with names of the rest of the course team I jot those down too—more to make sure I don’t phase out, than because I think it will aid my memory.  He reads out the list of names and tells us which modules each of the professors will be teaching.
“Ah,” Professor Greenplank says, as the door at the back swings closed.  “Here is Dr Flynne—why don’t you come to the front and introduce yourself?” he says, with a jovial manner.
I glance over my shoulder as footsteps hit the stairs, and freeze.  Dr Flynne I instantly recognise as the guy from the train—the one who was watching me.




Chapter 6:  Victoria  


HE DOESN’T LOOK my way as he descends, but even without closer inspection, I can tell by his profile that it’s most definitely him.  Coincidence?  I somehow suspect not.  Yet, I have no idea what this means.
Once at the front, he turns to face us, his square rimmed glasses flashing under the too bright overhead lights.  He is dressed much like before: a paisley shirt, black trousers, even the tie loose at his neck.  I stare at him, willing him to meet my eye, to somehow explain with a look; just what is going on.
“Yes, as already said; my name is Dr Flynne.  Ray Flynne.  I will be teaching your Mythology module.  It’s at two p.m. on Tuesdays—a two hour slot—so, as a fun introduction to the subject, I’ll try to keep your interest with tales of popular myth.  I will be covering all the usual movie monsters:  Vampires, Werewolves, Demons . . . and Ghosts.  We’ll be concentrating on local legend.  Next semester we’ll move onto Ancient Greek Mythology.  Enough said, for now . . .  I look forward to seeing you all in my class.”  When he stops talking his eyes skim the new faces, and he smiles slightly.
Ray Flynne nods to Professor Greenplank, and then takes his leave.  I gaze at him, again willing him to meet my eye as he passes, but he doesn’t so much as glance in my direction.
As he leaves the lecture theatre another professor enters and the introductions continue.  I take notes, mindlessly, for my thoughts are now wrapped around Dr Flynne and his reasons for watching me on the train.  I want to chase him out of the room and demand an answer—but, what if it really was a coincidence?  
What if he recognised my face from the reels of student applications—I was recruited after all—and was trying to work out why he recognised me?  But then . . . why did he look familiar?  I already recognised him when I saw him on the train.  Could I have seen him when I came to the university for my interview?  I definitely don’t remember meeting him, but maybe I noticed him. . . .  
And, what was with that weird dream I had, where I was attacked by a werewolf, and then he killed it?  That dream seemed ridiculously real, almost like a repressed memory.  It’s pretty strange that I had a dream that featured Dr Flynne and a werewolf, and now it turns how that he’s going to be teaching us about werewolves.  
None of this makes any sense.
Confused, I force my attention to the front as Professor Greenplank introduces another teacher, but the mystery reels through my brain as he talks, and darker thoughts sneak in: what if Dr Flynne has been following me?  What if I was recruited for a reason other than my academic abilities?  What if he’s been implanting thoughts into my head?  Shit: what if he’s stalking me?
When the lecture wraps up I gather my things, heart pounding faster than circumstances dictate.  The relief in the air is palpable, and other students begin to talk to each other.
“Do you want to grab a coffee?” Victoria asks, an edge of uncertainty in her voice.
“Sounds good.  Why don’t we get one to take away and wander into the park?  I’ve not had much chance to explore it yet.”
We stroll out of the lecture theatre, without having met anyone new.  Victoria walks quietly at my side, her naturally blonde hair shimmering enviously.  We nip into the Student Union to get hot drinks, and then head directly into Greenwich Park beyond.  
The air is cool on my face, whipping my hair around in a flurry.  Yellow and red leaves cascade through the air.  The Royal Observatory dome dominates the centre of the park.  I follow Victoria up the path toward it, careful not to spill my too hot drink.
“What did you think of Professor Greenplank?” she asks.
I laugh.  “I’ve met him before—he interviewed me.”
Victoria gives me a knowing look.  “Me too.”  She pauses, as if unsure what to say.  “Shame we didn’t get our timetables today.”
“Yeah—we’ve got two more lectures this week though. . . .  I wonder what they’ll be about.”
“I’ve no idea at all—our introductory pack wasn’t exactly informative.”
“No.  Did you recognise any of the other teachers?”
She looks thoughtful.  “No.  Did you?”
I wonder whether to confide in her, but decide against it.  Instead I ask—“Where do you come from?”
“Here.”  I raise my eyebrows in question.  “My parents live over that way—beyond the park.”
“But—”
“I know, my accent.  We moved here from Scotland when I was about ten, but I haven’t managed to throw it off.”
“I like it.  If your parents live just over there, then why are you in halls?”
“I thought it would help me . . . umm . . . fit in better,” she says, looking on the uncomfortable side, again.
“Makes sense.”
“How about you?”
“Devon—commuting from home; not so much an option.”
“I guess not,” she says, then chuckles.  “There’s a bench over there—shall we sit?”
I nod.  We wander off the path and take a seat under an old sycamore.  I remove the lid from my tea and take a scalding sip.  For a moment we sit in silence, watching some children scoot past; and a young father running to keep up.
“Do you want to go to class together tomorrow?” I ask.
“I can’t—sorry.  I’ve got to meet someone first . . .”
I want to interrupt and ask her who, but a slight tension in her voice stops me.
“. . . but,” she continues, “would you want to go to a boot camp session in the park, early tomorrow?”
“How early?”
“Seven a.m.” she says, grinning impishly.
“Alright then—will be a change from my usual run.  I was worried you’d say it was at five a.m.!  Have you been before?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty tough.  Do you think you’re up to it?” she says, the edge of challenge in her voice surprising me.
I laugh, a little uneasy.  “We’ll see—I’ve never done boot camp.  It will be a good excuse not to stay out too late tonight.”
“Have you been going to Freshers’ events?”
“Well—I went to the Union last night to see a band with some people from our hall.  I would have invited you . . . but I haven’t seen you around much,” I say, and then smile apologetically.  Really I wanted to make that last part into a question, but I’m hoping she’ll get the hint and confide without the pressure.  She’s so hard to read—I don’t want to scare her off with too many questions.
“It’s alright—I’m not really a partier,” she says, evasively.
We sip our drinks, continually watching activity on the main path.  A white rapper wannabe passes, singing out loud with his head phones on.  I can’t help but share an amused glance with Victoria.  Mainly we just sit in silence, enjoying watching leaves whip around our feet, and small children leaping on crunchy dried leaves, that have clustered in piles around drains.
When our drinks are finished, Victoria stands.  “I’ve got to pop to my parents to pick up a couple of things.  Meet you in the kitchen, at quarter to seven tomorrow morn’?”
“Yes, I’ll be ready.  Have a good day. . . .”
I watch idly as she cuts across the grass, walking in the direction she said her parents live.  It’s impossible not to admire her lithe movement as she breaks into a gentle jog and takes a path meandering between some enormous trees.
I discard my cup in a bin, and instead of returning to halls, I walk the other way—further into the park.  I weave my way past elaborately tended flower beds and along the edge of a lily pad filled pond, where families feed a crowd of hungry ducks, and a fountain spills over a stone mermaid in the centre.
The grass is pretty dry, so I find a secluded spot and sit against a wide tree trunk.  For a moment I watch as a large squirrel gathers acorns in preparation for winter, and then I pull an introductory history text from my bag.  It seems the perfect opportunity to fit in a little preparation for the subject about which I know so little.  
I decide to tackle the parts I find most interesting first; the history of London.  The great fire and the plague seem like approachable subjects.  Kings and Queens I find the hardest to remember; to my amateur eye they all blur into one.  I hope the history of royalty won’t be a major part of my course.
Once I get reading I find that, surprisingly, I’m absorbed by interesting facts, and find I’m even starting to get excited about the subject.  And, most importantly—I’m distracted from thoughts of Aaron Knight and Dr Flynne.  
When I get too hungry to concentrate further, I nip to the supermarket and pick up a pizza.  Back in the flat I get the oven heating up and make a hot chocolate; to warm me through after sitting outside for so long.
Alice pokes her head round the door.  “Erin—you’re back!”
I smile at her.  “Been missing me?”
“As a matter of fact: yes.  I’ve been moping around here all afternoon, and now I want to go out.  What shall we do?”
I groan at the thought of more partying.
“Come on, Freshers’ Week only happens once—we have to make the most of it,” she says, widening her puppy dog eyes at me.
“Actually it happens every year,” I point out.
“Yes—but only this year are we Freshers’.”
She has a point.  “How about a compromise?”
She furrows her eyebrows.  “A compromise?”
“Yes.  How about we go catch a movie—there’s a little cinema round the corner—and then go out for a drink.”
She jumps up and down.  “OK.”
“But . . .”
“No buts,” she interrupts.
“. . . I will have to go home after that, as I told Victoria I’d go to boot camp with her at seven a.m. tomorrow.  Wanna come?” I say, knowing too well what the answer will be.
“Hmm . . . I don’t think so.  Are you slightly crazy?” she teases.
“Maybe.  Do you want to share my pizza?”
She checks out the box and wrinkles her nose.  “Vegetarian, remember?”
“Sorry.  I’ll get a vegi one next time.”
“You don’t need to, my fridge is stacked up.  In fact; I’ve already had a salad.”
“Sounds filling,” I tease back.
She rolls her eyes.  “I’ll go get my computer—we can find out what’s showing tonight.”
“Cool,” I say, giving my hot chocolate a final stir, and sticking my ham and pineapple pizza in the oven.
Alice bustles back in and sets her laptop on the table.  I take a seat next to her and enjoy my drink while she connects to the university wifi.
“How was your first lecture?” I ask.
“Scary.  We all had to stand and introduce ourselves.  I was so nervous, I’ve forgotten every-ones’ names already.’
“Ugh, sounds horrible,” I empathise.  “I am so glad I escaped that.  It was just a lecturer introducing our modules and other subjects, and Victoria sat next to me—so it wasn’t too bad.”
“I haven’t seen her around much.”
“No.  Her parents live nearby so . . . maybe she’s been spending time at home.”
“She’s probably got loads a friends around here already—she must have gone to school and college locally.”
“Yeah, but she said she’s not much of a partier.”
“We’ll have to try and convince her!” Alice says.  She’s quiet for a minute as she runs a search.  “There we go . . .”
“Anything good on?” I ask.
The oven timer dings.
“I’ll read the descriptions while you eat.”
She stares at the screen silently, while I fetch my pizza and start to tuck in.
Eventually she says—“There’re only two films on at appropriate times—a romantic comedy which looks good, or a gangster type film, starring George Clooney.  That doesn’t really appeal.”  She pulls a funny face, making me laugh.
“Romantic comedy it is.  How much time do we have?”
She checks her watch.  “Thirty minutes.”  She shuts her computer and leaps up.  “I’m going to get ready,” she says, waltzing out of the room.
I wolf down my pizza and hurry to my room, to do the same as Alice.  Ten minutes later we’re off out the door, Alice looking mightily cute in a flowery dress which gathers under her breasts, and hovers at her ankles.  I haven’t changed; I just touched up my makeup and gave my hair a quick brush.  
It literally only takes two minutes to get to the small independent cinema.  Warm lighting welcomes us, as we step off the dark road.
“I need to pee,” Alice says.
“Go ahead.  I’ll get your ticket.”
I join the queue as Alice bounces through a side door.
“Hi Erin,” a voice says—a voice I recognise—ever so close to my ear.
My heart skips a beat.  I turn and smile, excited to see flashes of blue flame, in two beautiful cerulean eyes.




Chapter 7:  Mr Self-Assured


“HI AARON,” I stammer, my cheeks heating to an embarrassing degree.
“Take this,” he says, handing me a small piece of paper, which looks like it’s been ripped off a pad.
“What?” I say, as I reach out automatically.
Our hands touch as I take the paper fragment: immediately I feel both immensely relaxed, and like I want to grab and ravage him in front of the cinema desk.
“I’ve got to go,” he says.
Unfortunately this sentence causes an unpleasant wrenching in my stomach.  I don’t want him to leave.
I hear the door to the lavatories swing open, and turn to see if it’s Alice, apprehensive about how she will react to Aaron.  When I turn back to him, he’s gone.  Again.  How does he do that?
“Are you OK?” Alice asks.
“I’m fine,” I say, slipping the piece of paper into my pocket.  I will look at it later, when I’m alone.
“You look flushed,” Alice accuses.
“Do I?” I say, trying to sound innocent.
She’s just about to reply when we’re interrupted by an impatient high pitched voice.  “Can I help you?”
“Sorry,” I say.  “Please can we have two student tickets to the Rom Com?”
We chose seats right at the front and settle down to the trailers with a large carton of popcorn to share.
“Do you think we’ll see Rhys tonight?” Alice whispers.
I shrug.  “Shhh,” I say, but teasingly.  “You’re bound to see him soon—you do live together.”
She nods and crosses her legs, munching popcorn with a crease between her brows.
I can feel the piece of paper folded in my pocket, and feel too impatient to wait until later, to find out what it says.
“Actually—I need to pee too.  I’ll be back in a sec.”
She nods.  “Be quick.”
I sneak under the fluorescent lighting in the hallway and pull the scrap free.  I read it quickly, it says:  Call me, Aaron.  Underneath that; a mobile number is scribbled, as if he was in a hurry.  I can’t help it—I break into the biggest grin.  I feel like doing an Alice and jumping on the spot, but restrain myself from giving in to that instinct.  I slip the paper away and return to Alice’s side.
“About time,” she mutters, rolling her eyes at me.  The cinema lights dim further and the film flashes onto the screen.
I grin at her, and take a handful of popcorn.  “Enjoy the film,” I whisper.
She looks at me, and I just know she wants to ask me what’s got me so excited, but the film starts at the perfect time, and I am saved from more questions.
As soon as I get back in my room I whip the paper back out, and run my fingers over the text—feeling the deep impression from a firm writing hand, studying the perfect curves of the letters, even though it seems they have been written quickly.  I wonder . . . did he scribble the note when he spotted me from outside . . . or did he have it prepared, just in case?  Either way, I’m happy . . . and I want to text him right now.  But I know it’s too soon.  I don’t want to put him off by seeming too eager.  
I’m too psyched to sleep, so I pull an old classic off my desk, to read by the dim light of a lamp, and recline against my pillows—intent that I will distract myself with ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’.  I will not text Aaron Knight until after boot camp tomorrow.
I wake early, book still on chest, light still on.  I turn over and groan when I see the luminous red numbers of my alarm; it’s five a.m.  That’s too early for any sane person.  I get up and snap off the light, then jam in earplugs—but it’s no use: Aaron has surfaced in my mind and he won’t leave.  I can almost feel where his fingers touched my hand last night—it’s like he has lingered with me, way past the duration of his company.  I want him here with me now, holding me in bed, kissing my neck. . . .  Aaron Knight. . . .
It’s like my body is calling to him, coaxing him toward me, pulling him into my web.  It’s taking a concerted effort not to reach for my phone this instant, and ask him to meet me now.
I don’t fall back to sleep, but stay in bed until my alarm buzzes at a still hideously early six a.m.  I don’t think I can manage boot camp without fuel, so I stumble, in a daze, into the kitchen.  I’m still wearing my clothes from last night.  The fluorescent lights are quite unwelcome as I make a tea and pour muesli.  
Breakfast in hand, I sneak back down the hall to consume breakfast in bed.  I can’t stop visualising Aaron’s face, so I pick up the book off the floor and fumble for my place, pulling at the curtain so I can read the text without straining my eyes.  I give up on that idea when I realise it’s still dark out.
I scrub at my teeth and equip myself in sports bra, running tights, trainers . . . the whole shebang.  Yawning sheepishly, I return to the kitchen to meet Victoria.  Boot camp passes in a blur of icy air and extreme exertion, to the back drop of sunrise over Greenwich Park.  
Victoria is impressively fit, and obviously excels at the routine.  I have some brushing up to do—particularly my upper body strength.  I suspect my arms and stomach muscles will be killing tomorrow.  Regardless of this, we agree to make boot camp a weekly date.
Victoria shoots off afterwards, and leaves me to lust over Aaron Knight in peace.  
I jog back through the park and take back streets through town to reach our halls, taking a brief break from thinking of a certain extremely sexy man, to ponder Victoria’s continual elusiveness.  She seems friendly, and like she’s keen to be friends.  But, I don’t get why she never gives any details about where she’s going . . . or where she’s been.  She said she was leaving for a meeting . . . but; it’s too early in our course for such things, isn’t it?
I let myself back into the flat and quickly wave to Louis and James, who are munching on toast while skimming trashy newspapers.  In my room I take my phone off charge and flop onto my bed:  I am going to text Aaron right now.  
I take his message off the floor, picking it up gently so I’m sure not to crease it, and hold it in my hands, heart thudding away against my ribcage, hands sweaty; both nothing to do with the exercise I’ve just completed.  I select ‘new text’ but am suddenly stumped as to what I should say.  Should I ask him out on a date?  How soon . . . ah shit . . . this is painful.  What if he doesn’t reply?  What if I see him again and it’s awkward?
I roll onto my back and close my eyes, thinking it through.  Content I have my answer, I return to my tummy and type . . . 
‘Hello Aaron, this is Erin.  You gave me your number at the cinema . . . and then mysteriously disappeared ;)’
My thumb hovers over the screen for one long moment, and then I bite the bullet: I press send.
The phone vibrates an instant later, nearly giving me heart failure.  
‘Meet me tonight.  Pub by Cutty Sark.  9pm.’  
Whoa—Mr Self Assured.  A deep part of my mind realises that if I wasn’t completely and utterly in the throws of his charm; I would be annoyed.  Yet completely the opposite is true.  I have no questions about meeting him tonight.  In fact, it seems much too far away.  How will I make it through the day when I know I’m seeing him later?  
Shit.  He better show.  This better not be a mean joke.
I stick on some American rock—Violent Femmes—as loud as I figure I can get away with at nine a.m., and hit the shower.  I while away the morning pampering my body, and when I’ve had as much of that as I can handle, I go back to the History text, trying to prepare for my two ‘o’ clock class—having no idea what to expect.  
When the time arrives I wander slowly through the town centre, holding a scarf tightly around my neck, protecting myself from the icy wind which has intensified since this morning.  I sneak into the back of the lecture theatre at exactly two ‘o’ clock, taking a seat next to the lanky guy who said hello at registration.  I spot Victoria a few rows down, but it’s too late to join her now.
“Morning Freshmen,” Dr Flynne says.  His voice is amplified; it rings through the room.
I jerk my eyes up in shock, and that instant; they connect with his, and I swear he recognises me.  But then, his eyes are on the students at the front, and I’ve no clue if I imagined it or not.
“Are you OK?” the lanky guy whispers.
“No.  Umm.  Yes—sorry,” I say.
“You look pale.”
“Nerves,” I whisper, smiling in what I hope is a friendly way, when my mind is swarming with further possibilities.  My thoughts of stalkers, conspiracies, etc., etc. are interrupted by Dr Flynne continuing.
“Professor Greenplank has been taken ill, so I said I’d fill in.  I’m following his plan, so . . . when you’re cursing about this exercise—blame him.  Right, I’m going to read out lists of who’s in which tutor group, and after I’ve finished reading out everyone’s names; I want you to all gather in your groups, then I will set your task,” he finishes, gracing us with a good natured—yet slightly sarcastic—smile.
He flicks a sheet of plastic at the projector, and up spring the tutor group arrangements.  He proceeds to read them out.  I can’t see my name on the slide, so I concentrate hard on what he’s saying.  After each group listing he points to an area of the lecture theatre where that group should meet.  He changes the slide, revealing another long list of names.  I quickly spot mine, and my stomach flutters with unease.  I suppose I should have known . . . 
“And in my tutor group are: Victoria Peet, Erin Lustleigh, Tom Pearson . . .”
I don’t hear the rest of the names as my heart is pounding in my ears, and I miss where he tells us to meet.
“Alright then, please gather in your groups.”
For a second there is silence, but then everyone shifts at once and shuffling ensues.
“Who’s group are you in?” the lanky guy asks.
“Umm . . . Dr Flynne’s,” I say, keeping an eye on Victoria, so I don’t lose her.
“Oh, I’m in Professor Stiles,” he says, looking disappointed.
“See you,” I say, and he smiles in return.
I spot Victoria reaching the far right hand corner, below the projection screen, so work my way down the tiers to meet her, dodging confused students on the way.
“Hi,” I say, sliding onto a bench at her side.
“Aching yet?” she says, grinning.
“No, I imagine the pain will kick in soon.”
I look at the others gathered by us: there are two more girls, and three boys.  They all look fit and confident, making me feel inadequate.  Another girl joins us and sits near my feet.  She has naturally red hair, tied back in a pony-tail, and a splatter of freckles across her nose.  She smiles and says hi.
Silence falls.  Dr Flynne speaks.  “Now I want you to do a quick project—as a group.  Chose a subject—any subject—it doesn’t need to be anything to do with history.  Go and research it in the library, then put together a five minute presentation.  You won’t be able to get books out yet—the library tour is tomorrow and you can all register for cards then.  Just find the area for your chosen subject, gather info, and be back here in an hour and a half . . . to perform.”
Shit.
A second later someone echo’s my internal voice.  “Shit.  What are we going to do?”  It’s the redhead, and she looks as nervous as I feel.
I don’t answer as I spot Dr Flynne approaching, behind her.  He’s not looking at me specifically.  In fact, to me it seems he’s trying not to look directly my way.  Maybe it’s my imagination, or maybe it’s because I look on the verge of panic, or maybe . . .
“Hi, just thought I’d introduce myself, before you do your research,” he says.
“Hi,” we all mutter back, Victoria most confidently of us all.
As he’s not looking at me I can examine him at ease.  Today he’s gone for a different look; casual, unintimidating.  He’s wearing black jeans and with a dark blue jumper.  He still has a trace of stubble, and his close cut hair is appealingly tousled.  He brings his green eyes to meet mine, and I realise everyone’s been telling him their names.
“I’m Erin Lustleigh,” I say, blushing furiously.  I want to hide under my rucksack and never be seen again.
“Hi Erin,” he replies, immediately looking back to the others.  “I’ll be arranging individual meetings as the term progresses, to check how you’re settling in.  If you need me before that my office is on the third floor of this building.”  He moves away.  Glancing back he says—“See you back here soon.”
We all start, having forgotten about our task.
“Library,” Victoria says.
We follow her out of the lecture theatre.  One of the guys speeds up and talks to her, so I stay back and the red-haired girl walks by my side.  I’m still contemplating an individual meeting with Mr Flynne, when she breaks my thought train.
“Hi, it’s Erin, isn’t it?” she asks.  She’s quite petite, and is wearing leggings with a simple long jumper, pulled tightly at her waist with a wide brown leather belt.
“Umm . . . I’m sorry, but I can’t remember your name.”
“It’s Sam.  What on Earth are we going to do this talk on?”
“I don’t know—but I do know one thing—it won’t be very good!”
She giggles, and we trot to catch up with the others.  A few twists and turns through elegant passages bring us to the grand library.  Dr Flynne is already there, holding open a barrier for us to pass.  He doesn’t meet my eye as I go through.
Sam and I hurry on.  Victoria leads us into a meeting room and we all pull up chairs.
“We need to hurry,” Victoria says, taking the role of leader.  “Does anyone have a topic idea?”
Sam is silent at my side, and my mind is too filled with thoughts of other things to focus, but a tall guy wearing a shirt and waistcoat leans in and, with a conspiratorial whisper, he suggests—“Ghosts.”




Chapter 8:  Ghosts


“ANY OTHER IDEAS?” Victoria says.  
We all shake our heads.
“Ghosts it is.”  She draws out a pad.  “Let’s brainstorm a few ideas to research, pick one each, then get to it.  If we each write one or two paragraphs: that should add up to about five minutes talking.”
We’re all silent.  Victoria looks at us pointedly.
“Ghosts and their history in Greenwich,” I say, thinking of what Dr Flynne said yesterday—about us studying local mythology.
The others quickly fire off a few more ideas, and I select my own to research.  Just the idea of standing in front of all those people and talking about anything; is causing my hands to sweat uncomfortably.  The tall guy nips out of the room and accosts a passing librarian.  He returns with the whereabouts of the ‘Ghost’ section.
When we find it; Victoria informs us we have one hour to do the task, and get back.  I perform a quick scan of the shelf and am pleased to find a volume called ‘The History of Paranormal Sightings in Greenwich’, in no time at all.  
I flick it open and eagerly peruse the contents.  ‘Ghosts’ is first up, but I can’t help a quick skim downward; Vampires, Werewolves, Demons, Witches, Fairies . . . they all catch my eye, among other less familiar paranormal entities.  
I never would have thought I’d end up studying such things.  I can see I’ll be returning to take out this book, just as soon as I get my library card.
I take a seat at a study desk and open the relevant section.  I practically copy the first paragraph, just making sure I change enough so I won’t be accused of plagiarism, and then hurriedly jot down a few famous sightings and their locations.  Once I think I’ve written enough I mouth the words in silent practice.  
I have five minutes to go over it before we have to get back.
“There is a long history of ghostly sightings right here in Greenwich, including at the University itself.  The first ever historical sighting of a ghost in Greenwich was at the Royal Naval College, then Greenwich Hospital, in 1725.  Since then scholars have assembled numerous reports of paranormal activity—not only ghostly apparitions and poltergeists, but also unexplained noises, and even unsolved murders—and compiled them in texts which are kept in Greenwich University Library.
A few famous sightings include the ‘Wizened Old Man’ who has repeatedly been spotted by workers at Greenwich Observatory, ‘The Twins’, a couple of teenage boys who are renowned for appearing in the University Great Hall at Halloween, and in Greenwich Church, the scariest of all (in my opinion): a baby is often heard crying in the bell tower.”
As we hurry back to the lecture theatre, I can’t help thinking; it’s a shame we didn’t have time to pop to the pub and do a couple of shots of tequila.  I don’t know how I’ll stop my hands from shaking when the time to speak arrives.  
Fortunately we are called on first, and the eight of us anxiously approach the lecturers dock.  Victoria introduces our topic, and then beckons me to the front.  I read out my notes, making myself glance up at the sea of nervous eyes, but I refuse to look toward Dr Flynne.
I manage to get the words out, but not without burning cheeks.  I can tell people are listening, as a few heads look warily about the room as though expecting to see a ghost right here, in the middle of a crowded lecture theatre.  As Victoria introduces Tom and asks him to step forward, I slink to the back and take a silent sigh of relief.  I did it—surely nothing I’m going to experience at uni will be as nerve wracking as that.
I phase out as Tom, the boy who suggested the subject, discusses whether ghosts are fact or fiction.  As he talks it’s impossible not to worry about why Dr Flynne looks so familiar.  I try to think back to my past—surely there must be a memory deep in my brain; I can almost feel it, but can’t quite touch it.  Could it possibly be something connected to my dream?  No.  That’s completely impossible.  Werewolves?  Really?  I can’t believe I’m even considering that they could exist.  It must be something else.  
Frustrated, I give up as the next group take the floor.  I make a decision: when I have an opportunity, I will swallow my fears, and just ask him if we’ve met before.  
Decision made, task over, my thoughts are free to stray back to Aaron Knight, and our impending evening alone; my stomach flutters with excitement.
Dr Flynne dismisses the class once the final group has finished.  I hurry away—too much going on in my mind to be in the mood for socialising.
I take a walk in Greenwich Park to kill time.  When I return to the flat to make dinner, the whole place is buzzing with activity; Alice, Rhys, the other guys, even Victoria; are all in the kitchen.  Beer is being consumed, voices are loud.  I don’t think I’m even noticed as I slip past and dump my rucksack in my room.  
I crouch down to study the contents of my fridge—determined to make something healthy, even if I am in the midst of a party.  I select stir-fri noodles, king prawns, garlic, onion, red pepper, and a hot chilli pepper.  Cradling them in my arms I make my way to the kitchen, going in as Rhys is leaving.  He smiles coyly at me, then taps my bottom as he goes past.
“Hey!” I complain, but he runs down the hall before I can retaliate.
Alice’s greeting is less warm than usual—I suspect I’ll find it easy to get away later.  Victoria, sipping a can of lager, joins me by the counter as I dump the ingredients on a clear piece of worktop.
“You were amazingly confident in class earlier,” I say.
She shrugs.  “I’m used to presentations—I was in the debate team at school.”
“That explains it.  I thought what we had to do was horrifying,” I say, and shudder for effect.
She laughs.  “Alice has persuaded me to go to the Student Union with you all this evening,” she confesses.
“I don’t think I can go,” I say.
“Oh.  Got a date?”  Alice says, approaching from behind me, as I chop the onion; breathing through my mouth to try and fend off tear inducing chemicals.
“As a matter of fact, I have,” I say, blushing.
“Anyone we know?” Victoria asks.
“Please say it’s not the creepy guy?” Alice says.
“Hey—he’s not creepy!” I say, on defensive.
Alice rolls her eyes.
“Creepy how?” Victoria asks.
This time it’s Alice who shivers.  “I can’t say what it is—there’s just something off about him.”
“I like him,” I say, turning away from them and pouring a little olive oil into a wok.
“He is seriously hot,” Alice whispers to Victoria, behind my back.
I look over my shoulder and scowl at her.  I intended the effect to be humorous, but I fear it actually looked cold.  Alice’s face freezes.
Casually, Victoria asks—“Where are you meeting him?”
I hesitate briefly, but then I reason there can’t be any harm in telling her.  “That pub by the Cutty Sark, at nine.”
“It’s a good pub,” she says.  I get the impression she’s attempting to defuse the tension that’s arisen.  “I’ve been there a few times.”
“I haven’t been yet,” I say, feeling lame.
“Well, we’re not off to the Union till later—you could always join us after your date,” Alice says—“If it doesn’t work out . . .”
“I just need to pop out for a bit,” Victoria says.  She spots Alice about to object.  “I’ll be back before it’s time to go out,” she reassures her.
“See you soon,” I mutter, as she whisks out of the room.
“Ugh, she never stays around for long,” Alice grumbles at me, before leaving me alone to cook.  She joins James and Louis at the table, who are possibly playing poker; they are competing for small coloured disks, not money.  As soon as Rhys comes back in; she giggles loudly at a comment from Louis.
I add the final ingredient; king prawns, and give my meal a good stir until the prawns have turned pink—then I scoop the whole lot into a giant bowl and join them at the table, to watch the game.  Rhys pushes a beer my way, and I don’t refuse; it’s still two hours until I’m meeting Aaron, and moping in my room till then won’t make the time go any faster.  Although, food eaten, watching poker doesn’t do much to kill the time either—and I feel too restless to even contemplate learning the rules.
After I’ve finished my beer I leave them to it, deciding to start getting ready.  My fingers fumble with my phone, and I bring up the text from Aaron.  I long to press ‘reply’ and ask him to meet me early—but no, I will not do that.  I drum my fingers aimlessly for a while, then stick the Violent Femmes back on, drowning my thoughts by singing along, while brushing my hair for considerably longer than necessary.
I find a warm beret at the back of a drawer and pull it snugly over my head, retouch my eyes—going for the smoky look—and slide some silver cords into my ears; delicate butterflies dangle from the end of the woven chain.  
It is too cold out today to wear a dress, and anyway—I’d worry he’d think I’m making too much effort.  So instead I leave on my jeans and V-neck t-shirt, but cover the ensemble with the warmest jumper I own, my thick black scarf, and top the outfit off with my white trench coat, tying the belt at the waist to try and make the outfit look less chunky.  
I can’t wait any longer—at least if I go for a walk; my feet will be moving, walking off some of the circulating adrenaline.
I quickly wave to the poker players in the kitchen, but disappear through the door before Alice can ask me why I’m headed out so early.  Icy air ruffles my free hair, so I tie it in a knot and tuck it into my hat, then pulling my scarf tight I walk through Greenwich.  Little candlelit restaurants, and noisy bars, beckon me with their warmth, but right now I feel like the freedom of walking along the river at night, watching reflecting lights shimmer off the Thames.  
But, when I reach the river, the night is darker than I had imagined—it seems cold and dangerous away from the bright lights of the lively centre.  I consider turning back, sitting on a bench and watching the time pass me by, but something draws me on . . . a feeling I should continue.  
I walk along near the railing, peering over the edge at the water, lapping against the concrete wall, only just catching enough light to make out the gentle froth that’s gathered in the wind.  I don’t feel the freedom I craved, instead I feel on edge . . . but I still have half an hour to kill.  I continue on, taking the occasional glance over my shoulder, wary of being followed.  But the night is quiet . . . too quiet.  I can see a bar ahead, outdoor seating empty, glasses abandoned.  I shiver, and decide, reckless as I’m feeling, to respect my better judgement.  
I turn, but as I do, I see a couple emerging from an alley, clothed in shadow.  A passing river cruiser lights the shore with a focused beam, shifting past the pub, toward the couple.  As it hits them I freeze, noticing two things at once; the girl is wrapping a scarf over her neck, but I’m pretty sure I caught a glimpse of blood before her pale skin was covered by thick wool; the guy is Aaron Knight.  
Heart pounding, just about to sprint away; I too am caught in the beam.  At that moment Aaron looks my way and I know it’s too late to escape.  His eyes fix on mine.  Then the beam leaves us and we’re plunged into darkness.
I can still see his silhouette, but he’s about thirty metres away—I know I have to take this opportunity to get away.  I sprint back toward town, the sound of my feet thunderous in the quiet, the river turning into a blurry black cloud as my eyes fill with tears; due to fear, betrayal . . . and the chill bursting against my skin.
“Erin!”
I know it’s him, following me, but I don’t stop—I don’t want to hear it.  An instant later he’s skidding to a stop, somehow in front of me.  I consider running back the other way, but to what?—not safety.  Instead, I face him.  
He looks different, somehow.  There’s more colour in his skin and his hair looks longer, darker.  His eyes are blazing with fire.  I have no doubt—I know I am not safe. 
I am tall, but he is a head taller—somehow I never noticed before.  He is dressed all in black, right down to the leather jacket—and something about him reminds me of a wraith.  I now know; can almost feel it, right in my bones—what Alice meant before.  I want to kick myself—I should have trusted her judgement.
“I am not going to hurt you,” he soothes, coating me with the musical tones of the seductive sound.  His mouth splits into a full smile, enchanting, and the fire in his eyes recesses to their depths.
Right now would be a good time for my strange magical ability to kick in—but it’s like I’m being slowly blanketed in Aaron’s charm.  I step forward, my feet no-longer under my command. 
“Give me your hand,” he teases, his cerulean eyes holding me in his sway, his thrall.
My hand elevates, floats toward him, like it’s not even a part of my body, yet; as soon as he touches my hand with his cool fingers; my hand hums back to life.  I meet his eyes in awe, and he rubs his thumb against my palm, soothing my soul, putting me at peace with his presence . . . more than at peace—elated, to be with him.
“Still want to go get that drink?” he asks.
I nod, hopelessly compelled; I would do anything he asks.  I know it, yet, for some reason; I’m not scared.  Nothing frightens me now; nothing can upset me while by his side, while he’s touching me, sending delicious tendrils of scrumptious feelings through my blood stream.  
I do know there’s something I should be asking him . . . but, whatever it is has faded into insignificance, next to his complete and utter sexiness.  I want to wrap my arms around him here, and pull him into the dark . . .




Chapter 9:  True Colours


I LET HIM drag me toward the bar.  He doesn’t let go of my hand, thrilling me with the gentle circles as he plays with my palm.  At the door to the pub he pulls me closer to him, my stomach pressing against his, and he meets my eye.  I can see flames dancing within the blue.  
Ever so slowly he lowers his head, as he entwines his free hand around my waist, under my coat.  The air between us simmers with electricity, my body humming with anticipation.
The pub door opens, blasting warm air on my face, breaking the moment.  Aaron catches the door as two well wrapped men leave.
“Later,” he whispers, in my ear; so only I can hear.
I let him lead me to the bar, even though the last place I want to be is surrounded by noisy boozy people.  The thing I want most . . .
“What would you like to drink?” he says, his voice caressing my skin like he’s all over me, inside me.
Reluctantly my eyes leave his firm body, and I skim the bar for ideas.  A cocktail poster catches my eye and I say—“A Margarita please,” barely thinking straight.
He orders two.
As the bartender makes our drinks Aaron doesn’t so much as stop caressing me; it’s driving my body crazy, my mind wild.
A surge of young males push us closer to the bar, and Aaron shifts his weight, not letting go of my hand, but he leans my back against his body, sliding his free hand around my waist and holding me firmly against his chest.  He runs his mouth from my chin to my ear, and I feel his breath on my skin, smell his breath on the air—sweet, fragrant.  He inhales deeply at my neck, pulling my body even tighter against his.
The bartender slides our drinks across polished wood, and Aaron hands him a note.  Letting go of my waist he passes me one chilled and salted Margarita.  Taking the other drink, he pulls me back into the crowd, not bothering to wait for change.
He guides me toward a curving bench, high backed, at a circular table.  The bench opposite is already occupied by a couple of female students, lost in conversation; they barely notice us.  Aaron motions for me to go in first.  He slides in next to me.  
He lets me go so I can slip out of my cold weather gear.  I let my eyes feast on his body as he removes his jacket—all he’s wearing underneath is a tight black t-shirt.  His cerulean eyes meet mine and he smiles.  My heart flips.  I can’t keep away from him, and as he lifts his arm I slide into his embrace; more than willing.
“Drink,” he orders, not brutally—his voice laced with silk.
I comply with his wishes, and can’t help but enjoy the salty sour tang.  Feeling giddy; I drain the glass, and he slides the second before me.
“Are you a student?” he asks, his voice low, but carrying clearly over the background rumble, as though everyone but us has faded away.
“Yes, it’s my first year.  How about you?”
“No.”
“But I saw you—in the Union?”
He shrugs, placing his free hand on my thigh, his fingers slowly caressing the inner rim of my jeans.
“Will anyone miss you . . . if I don’t take you home?”
I gulp, and watch flames run riot in the cerulean.  His fingers trail up my stomach, over the thin material of my t-shirt, up my neck . . . to my jaw.  He trails them up and down, tenderly, soothing me, making my body turn to mush and my brain to goo.  I grab his neck and pull his lips to mine; hungrily, possessed by need.
He returns my kiss, but gently, hesitantly—like he’s holding back.  I want to kiss him harder, a natural response to the increasing speed of his caresses, my skin burning beneath his touch.  I have never wanted anyone so badly in my life.
I break away from his lips.  “Can we get out of here?” I ask, biting my lip to prevent a moan escaping as his hand strokes the skin at the nape of my neck, pulling hungrily for my lips to return to his, the fire in his eyes consuming me.
He holds back for a moment, as though considering the most appropriate course of action.
“Finish your drink first,” he says.
I wrench my eyes away from the flame, and have to concentrate hard to make my eyes adjust to the dim light of the pub.  When my vision clears; I pick up my drink, and take a sip, noticing the girls sharing our table have left.  I can’t drink as fast now, my head is swimming in Aaron, my body bathing in his scent.  
Someone, possibly familiar, slides into the seat opposite, as I lick salt from the cocktail rim, and off my swollen lips.  Then that someone is joined by another familiar face.  I feel Aaron tense beside me.  His hand drops from my neck, and a second later I feel more myself again.
“Hi Erin.”
I concentrate really hard, trying to work out who the faces belong to.  Finally my mind clicks back into place.
“Victoria.  Alice!  What are you doing here?” I ask, aware of an uncharacteristic slur making my words blur together.
Alice looks alarmed, and eyes Aaron with disgust.
Victoria speaks, eyes narrowed.  “You should leave.”
For a second I am confused—is she talking to me?—then I realise she’s looking at Aaron, and her blue eyes are full of authority.
“No,” I slur, releasing hold of my drink and grabbing Aaron’s arm.  I turn to him, and see his eyes have returned to an opaque cerulean—all signs of flame gone.
He pries my fingers away.  “Later,” he whispers, once again, his voice too suggestive to resist.
I grip him harder.
He touches the back of my neck, his fingers resting once more on my skin.  I instantly relax.
“Later,” he says.  This time I let him go, unable to do otherwise.
Aaron rises, taking his jacket and turning away, not sparing Alice and Victoria even a cursory glance.
Alice leaves Victoria’s side in a second, and is on the seat next to me.  “Erin—what’s he done to you?”
My eyes fill with tears, confused by Aaron’s departure, drunk from his presence, his touch.
Suddenly I feel sick.  I look at Alice, beseechingly.  “Get me out of here, please . . .”
Alice and Victoria shuffle out of their seats, help me get my layers back on, then each hold one of my arms as we pass standing drinkers; gathered in small groups.  Outside the ice cold air brings me further back to myself, and questions begin to trickle in—but they are pushed back by an unwelcome physical sensation.
“I’m going to be sick,” I say, bolting away from my friends, into an alley, and retching next to a pile of rubbish sacks.
Alice strokes my back.  “Hey, it’s OK Erin—you’ll feel better soon.  God, how much drink did he ply you with?”
I shake my head, worried that if I talk the retching will resume.  I take a couple of shallow breaths, and then pull a tissue out of my coat pocket, to blow my nose and wipe my mouth.
“I think I’m OK,” I say, standing up straight.
I notice Victoria; she looks alert, almost as though she’s on guard.  “Let’s get back to the hall,” she says.  She moves forward to take my arm.
“I can manage—I feel better.”
Regardless of this, I don’t think they trust my judgement; they stay close on either side.
We walk back to our flat in silence, and they take me straight to my room.  By the time they’re sitting me on my bed, leaning me against pillows, tucking my duvet around me; I’m shaking.
“Don’t worry,” Victoria says—“You’re in shock.  You’ll feel better tomorrow.”
Through my shakes, I notice that Alice looks confused.  Victoria shakes her head at her.
“Are you hurt?” Victoria asks me.
I shake my head.
“I’ll make you a hot chocolate,” Victoria says.  “The sugar will help.”
She leaves me and Alice alone.  Alice tucks the covers around me tighter.
“Did he do anything?” she asks.  When I don’t answer she talks again, more forcefully.  “Erin—did he do anything you didn’t want him to?”
Once more; I shake my head.  “I’m so cold,” I stutter.  Thankfully the slur in my voice has gone.
Alice takes off her coat, a woollen thing with a fake fur collar, and puts it on top of my duvet.
“Alice, thanks—for looking after me.”
“It’s OK.  Well, it was Victoria really.  She wanted to go and find you.  I said you wouldn’t want us to, but she insisted.”  She looks perplexed.
“Thank you,” I repeat.
Victoria comes back in, carrying a steaming mug.  I free my hands so I can take it from her, even though I’m not sure I can stomach it.
“Drink,” she orders, unknowingly mimicking Aaron.
The chocolate is comforting, and my shakes ease.  “Thanks.”
I can’t help but suspect Victoria knows something about Aaron, and I’m longing to attack her with questions, but don’t want to seem insane—what if I’m totally off track?  And Alice looks confused enough as it is.  I’m confused enough as it is, now my memories are starting to filter back.  I remember Aaron appearing with that girl, blood on her neck, Aaron’s inhuman speed.  The effect he had on me.
“You two must think I’m insane,” I mutter, closing my eyes and leaning my head back against the wall.
They both climb onto my bed and sit either side.
“I don’t,” says Victoria, quietly.
She definitely knows something.
“I do!” says Alice.  “What were you thinking?”
“I wasn’t thinking.  I don’t know what was wrong with me.  A part of me is dying to return to him now, but I know it’s wrong.  I know he is bad for me . . . I saw . . .”
“What did you see?” Alice asks, as I’ve stopped talking, eyes overflowing.
“He was with another girl, he . . .”
“What?!  Why didn’t you come home?  Why . . . ?”
“Hey,” interrupts Victoria.  “She’s a wreck—she needs to rest—let’s talk about it after class tomorrow.”
I open my eyes in time to see Alice narrow her eyes at Victoria, but she does shut up.  Thank god.  What am I supposed to say?
Things are slotting together in my mind . . . the blood . . . Dr Flynne’s ‘local mythology’. . . .  But, something about the picture is missing: where do I fit in?  What is Dr Flynne’s role?  What’s Victoria’s?  
The girls stay at my side in silence while I finish my drink.
“Lie down now.  Go to sleep—I won’t leave you alone,” Victoria says.
“Neither will I,” says Alice, her voice not entirely hiding a competitive jealousy she seems to be manifesting.
“You don’t have to . . .”
“Lie down,” Victoria repeats.
I do as she says, helpless.  I’m not about to object—I want nothing more than to go to sleep, to forget this evening, Aaron’s effect on me, the way I acted; I feel so sick.
“I’ll be back in a sec,” Alice says.
Victoria turns the lamp on, the top light off, then sits quietly at the foot of my bed until Alice returns wearing her cutesy jim-jams.  She is carrying her pillow and trailing a double duvet along the floor.
“I’ll just get ready too,” Victoria says.  “You won’t leave her alone, will you?”
Alice shakes her head, and wraps the big duvet around her shoulders, then lies on the floor by the side of my bed.
“You really don’t have to . . .”
“I do,” Alice says.  “I don’t know what’s going on with Victoria; she’s acting strangely.  And I don’t want you to get any ideas in your head about Aaron: I don’t think he’s safe.  I’m staying to make sure you don’t invite him in.”
She sounds so determined, I don’t dare argue: I know she’s right.  If he rings me . . . if he has the same effect on me again. . . .
I don’t want to see him again.  Ever.
The thing is—I have a funny feeling that I will.  That this is just the start.




Chapter 10:  Tricked


NEXT MORNING I wake to sunlight streaming through open curtains.  Alice is fast asleep and snoring gently.  Victoria’s covers are on the floor; she must have slept in front of the door—not that there was room to sleep anywhere else.  She must have just ducked out.
I rub my head . . . my memory . . . it’s so fuzzy.  What on earth happened last night?  I remember I was meeting up with Aaron—but?  Hmmm . . . did I meet him?  Ugh, my heart is going too fast.  I sit up.  Ow, my head.
I remember being here, and then going for a walk along the river.  It was freezing cold . . . then . . . I remember being here again.  I remember Victoria bringing hot chocolate, her and Alice saying they were going to stay.  Alice said something about Aaron being dangerous.
I’m just rubbing my temples when my door edges open and Victoria sneaks back in.  She’s wearing pyjamas, but unlike Alice’s, they are grown up—a deep blue satin.  She smiles slightly when she sees me awake.
“Are you OK?”
I groan, and smile ruefully.  “I don’t remember anything from last night—what happened?  I didn’t do anything silly, did I?” I whisper, screwing up my face in horror at the thought.
“You don’t remember anything at all?”
I shake my head.
“You were pretty drunk,” she chuckles.  “Alice and I found you with Aaron—and you were so out of it we brought you back here.”
“Thank you,” I mouth silently.
I’m so embarrassed, and bloody frustrated.  What happened with Aaron?  Why was I so drunk, and . . . what must he think of me?
“We’ve got class in an hour . . . do you think you’ll be OK?” Victoria asks.
“I’ll manage,” I say, hoisting myself out of bed.  “But I need a shower.”
“Me too—promise you won’t go anywhere without me?” Victoria says.
It seems like a strange thing for her to say, but hey—maybe she’s having a moment of insecurity.  “OK.”
I decide quizzing her on last night can wait till we’re on our way to uni.
Victoria leaves the room.
I shake Alice’s shoulder gently.  “Alice—what time do you have to be in?”
“Afternoon,” she grumbles, and falls straight back to sleep.
OK then.  I’ll be quizzing her later too.
An hour later I meet Victoria in the kitchen, envious of Alice’s lie in.  Victoria looks wide awake and perfectly manicured, her blonde air gleaming in the welcome sunshine.
“Ready?”
“I’m so embarrassed,” I say, and as we exit the building I ask.  “How did I leave things with Aaron?”
“Umm . . . not good,” Victoria says, pulling an apologetic expression.
“Not good how?”
“Well—how shall I put it?”
“Please—just tell me.”
“You saw him with another girl.”
I feel my face pale.  “Oh no.”
“Yes.”
“Is that why I got so drunk?”
“I guess so . . . maybe he drugged you.”
“What?  Why do you say that?”
“You were slurring.”
“I was?”
My heart is pounding hard again.
“He didn’t . . . ?”
“You said he didn’t hurt you—but we were worried about you—that’s why we stayed in your room last night.”
“Did anyone else see me?” I ask.
She shakes her head.  “No, think everyone else was either still out, or in bed, when we got back.”
“Phew.”  Don’t think the guys would let me live that one down.  “But if it went so badly with Aaron . . . why . . . ?”
She looks at me enquiringly.
“Why . . . umm. . . .  Why do I still want to see him?”
“I don’t know—you really shouldn’t.”  She suddenly stops, causing some angry looks from passing strangers, and turns to face me; her expression intense.  “Promise me you won’t contact him.”
You’d think that would be an easy one to answer, considering what she’s just told me, but a part of me is dying to see him again.  My skin is humming, calling out for his touch.  My heart wants him with me now.  It’s almost as if my phone is begging me to call him right now.
I stay silent.
“How about I distract you?” Victoria proposes.  “Why don’t you come see my house, after class—we could watch films, and munch popcorn, all afternoon.”
I smile.  “That would be great,” I say, thinking that maybe she’s starting to let down her barriers, maybe I’ll find out why she is . . . hmm . . . how she is.
We slide into the back of the lecture theatre, just in time.  Professor Greenplank is back, Dr Flynne absent.  I’m glad—at least I won’t be dealing with his strange behaviour today.
“Today is the library tour, but before you go I want you to have your schedules for the term,” he says, passing out piles of paper to those in the front row.
As the papers work their way back toward us, I exchange a nervous glance with Victoria.  When I receive mine; I barely have time to look at it.  Professor Greenplank is summoning us all, to follow him back into the hall.
The library tour is uneventful, and after it’s finished we end up hanging around for some time, waiting to get our library cards set up.  Victoria stays by my side the whole time, as though fearful I’ll bolt.  It feels like I’ve been assigned a guard.
When we are finally ready to leave, I walk with Victoria toward the park.  She’s quiet, so as we walk I close my eyes, off and on, enjoying the feel of warm sunshine on my skin, trying to ignore the annoying pull Aaron seems to have over me.  I can’t believe I saw him with another girl, and I don’t even remember.  
It seems strange—until now I’ve never drank so much I’ve completely forgotten a night, although some friends from school made a habit of it.  Having a chunk of memory missing is freaky, and unsettling.  I should be pissed off at Aaron, but instead I’m pissed off at myself.  What’s with that?
“Do you mind if we just stop by somewhere on the way?” Victoria asks.  “I left the book I’m reading at a friend’s house.”
“Of course not.  What are you reading?”
“Oh, some trashy romance.  Escapism,” she explains.
I chuckle.  “Yeah, escapism I can understand.”
I kick my way through piles of dried leaves as we head off path, under a large oak.  The air is beautifully still, the calm after the storm—or, I suddenly think—is it the eye?
Unconsciously; I shiver.
“It’s not far,” Victoria says.
“It’s OK, I’m hoping the exercise will clear my head.”
“How’s that going?”
“Not good, so far.  Did you get a glimpse of the schedule?” I say, in an effort to change the subject.
“No, I can’t wait to look at it, but we should wait till we’re at mine, and make tea.”
“Will your parents be there?”
She shakes her head.  “They work most days.”
She gives me a funny look—almost as though she’s considering telling me something, but then she turns her face to look ahead and the moment passes.
We exit the park through an ivy shrouded archway, onto a steep hill with large detached Victorian dwellings.  We cut across and take a smaller road, on the level.  The street is tree lined, each house fronted by a dainty garden.  It feels quiet, purely residential—a different world from central Greenwich and our university bubble.
We take a left hand turn, downhill.
“Here it is,” Victoria says, approaching another large detached house.
“Wealthy friend,” I mumble.
She laughs.  “She doesn’t own it, it’s a shared house, of sorts . . .” she says; another one of her enigmatic comments that puzzle me.  
Victoria has her own key, and lets us in without knocking.  The house is silent; it feels eerie.  I follow her down a dark corridor, the wall paper faded and peeling, lined with dusty ornate frames bearing old oil paintings.
“Someone’s here,” Victoria says, her furrowed brow puzzling me.  “Don’t worry,” she says, opening a heavy door and motioning for me to follow her.  
As the door swings closed behind me I hear a lock click into place.  I frown, and turn to Victoria.  She looks pale.
“Sorry I didn’t tell you,” she mutters.
“What . . . ?”
“Hello Erin.”  
I gulp.  Dr Flynne walks around the corner of the L-shaped office.  His brow is creased; he looks apprehensive.  Regardless of this I find his presence imposing, and I start to feel breathless.  
I fall silent, and eye the locked door warily.
“Don’t worry,” Victoria says, again.  “We’ll explain everything.”
I turn to Dr Flynne, now figuring I have nothing to lose by speaking plainly.  This is my opportunity to find out the truth.
“Why do I recognise you?” I ask, scowling, and not bothering to mask the suspicion from my tone.
“I will tell you soon, don’t worry—Victoria’s right to say that—you are here so we can fill you in.  Come, sit down.”
He takes a seat behind an antique wooden desk, on a reclining leather office chair, and gestures for me and Victoria to draw up a couple of dark wood chairs from the side of the room.
I turn and glare at Victoria.
“I’ll make tea,” she says.
Dr Flynne nods at her.
“Dr . . .”
“Call me Ray.”
“Dr Flynne,” I say, ignoring him.  Is now really the time to adopt his first name? “—what are you planning to fill me in on?”  I mean to sound threatening, but think I fail.  I feel ridiculously nervous; sick with it.
He dismisses my question with a wave of his hand.  “You are here now because of what happened last night,” he says.  I must look puzzled, for he continues—“Victoria filled me in.”  
I hear her approaching behind, but keep my focus on Dr Flynne’s green eyes, waiting for a better explanation.  I can’t help but suspect he’s stalling, for some reason unbeknownst to moi, and I figure glaring might make him get on with it.
I feel a piercing pain in my arm, and jolt my eyes away to find out what’s happening.  
“What the . . . ?” I say, as Victoria pushes the plunger of a syringe—the sharp point penetrating my jacket, my skin—injecting a deep yellow serum into my arm.  
I wrench my body to the side, but I know it’s too late.  For a second I sway, in horror, my vision blurs, and pain radiates outward from the injection site.  Victoria places her arms around me.  
I struggle, but start to feel horribly weak, and giddy.  Dr Flynne rises from his chair, and I search for his eyes, willing him to help me.  But I am stunned when my eyes meet his.  He looks immensely satisfied.
I slump into unconsciousness.




Chapter 11:  Captive


I WAKE, CONFUSED, not knowing where I am.  I feel a dull pain in my arm, swiftly reminding me what happened.  The first thing I remember is seeing Victoria push that needle into my arm.  Immediately my heart rate soars and my eyes fly open.  
It’s pitch black.  Something cold and hard is around my right wrist.  As I move it I hear a scraping metallic sound.  My free hand shoots to find out what it is, and I feel the cool metal of a cuff, clamped on my wrist.  Fastened to the cuff is a thick chain.   
Shit.  Shit, shit, shit.
I give the chain a yank, but it doesn’t move far.  I’m trapped.  Oh—what have they done to me?  What was it they injected me with? . . . And, what are they planning to do to me, while I’m chained up in this horribly antiquated manner?
“Hello?”  I call out, but softly, fearfully.
The slightest echo is all that answers.
I start to feel my surroundings further, realising I’m actually on something soft, and have a cover over my legs.  I think I must be on some type of makeshift bed.  I reach further, off the mattress.  The ground is rough, slightly damp.  It might be concrete.
I lie back on the bed, and feel my heart rate start to slow.  I don’t appear to be in any immediate danger.  
As the panic eases, I realise that there are distant sounds—I can hear London: the gentlest of background rumbles, a distant siren, an airplane.  There must be a window in here.  I must be in some type of basement room, but not properly underground.  It’s very dark though.  I wonder if the window has been blacked out.  
Theoretically, if I shout really loud, someone might hear me, someone from outside this house.  But should I?  What if I’m in danger, and I attract unwanted attention?
I groan, and pull the covers higher.  The air is chilly, and damp.  It wouldn’t surprise me if there were spiders nearby.  Large ones.  I shiver: I hate spiders.
I lie still for a while, trying not to think, not to imagine the worst.  The knots in my stomach are lessening, and hunger is starting to kick in, my stomach twisting with it.  I’m thirsty too.  My throat is really dry; I might be coming down with something. 
Or maybe it’s that bloody injection—it’s making me ill.  Maybe if I could just go back to sleep . . . although that’s not likely; I keep seeing flashes of the needle, of Victoria.  The puzzling thing is: she didn’t look angry.  She didn’t look like she wanted to hurt me; she looked, umm—sorry?—for what she was doing.  I don’t know . . . like, maybe she wanted to help me?  
I’m guessing that Victoria works for Dr Flynne, or some such arrangement.  I have absolutely no idea what his part in this is.  I wonder if this is his house.  Ugh, I should have fled the uni when I recognised him that first day.  I know; it would have seemed melodramatic.  But as it turns out . . .
As I lie here, unable to do anything but think, my body, my heart; they are calling out for Aaron.  Aaron Knight: what really happened between us?  Why on earth can’t I remember?  Did I really see you with another girl—or did Victoria make that up?  
I can’t trust her now, that’s for sure.  I wish I’d woken Alice up, and talked to her, before leaving this morning.  Then I’d have another point of view to consider.
It’s crazy how much I feel for Aaron; after so short an acquaintance.  I smile a touch, picturing his cerulean eyes in my mind, imagining running my fingers over his short, short hair, wondering how it would feel—how it would feel if he kissed me.  Umm . . .
An age later, a crack of light begins to show around the edge of some curtains.  They are covering what looks like a square foot sized window, near the ceiling.  I watch, apprehensive, as the light gradually intensifies, until I can just make out the features of the room.  I sit and squint, straining my eyes for clues to my whereabouts.
I do appear to be in some type of basement.  There is a stack of cardboard boxes in a corner, a couple of bikes leaning against a brick wall, a couple of stacked wooden chairs, some metal shelves—holding tools I think—and a few old cans of paint.  A bare bulb hangs from a cord on the ceiling.  
Closer at hand; my chain, thick and rusted, is attached to some sort of metal ring that’s embedded in concrete.  The cuff around my wrist bears a key hole.  I fiddle with it briefly, but can’t get it to release.  Instead I opt for tugging on the chain.  I pull with as much effort as I can muster, breathing hard, but the metal hoop doesn’t budge, not even an infinitesimal amount.  The chain seems unbreakable, without an axe anyway, and I don’t see one of those just lying about.
That’s when I notice a bottle of water, lying on its side on the concrete floor.  Next to it is a packet of crisps.  I shuffle up my mattress, finding I can reach it no problem.  As I grab the bottle, I notice an envelope at its side.  
Hastily I drop the bottle, and grab the letter instead.  ‘Erin’ is clearly written on the front.  I rip it open, and pull out a folded sheet of A4.  I smooth it out, and prepare to read; heart beating way too fast for comfort.  
But, damned as hell, it’s still too dark to make out the words; they are handwritten, and much smaller than my name on the envelope.  I carefully fold it back up and place it under my pillow.  It should be light enough to read it soon.
I reach for the water instead, hesitating for only a second.  If they’re going to poison me, it’s probably already done, with whatever weird substance they injected.  I take a quick gulp, then rip open the crisps; salt and vinegar.  I bolt them down, and they taste heavenly; probably due to my intense hunger—I’m not usually a crisp gal.  After I’ve finished I drink half my water, not sure if I will get another.  
This is such a shitty predicament to have found myself in.  I bet no-one even realises I’m missing—and how long will it be till they do?  I bet it wouldn’t take that much of a story for Victoria to persuade our flatmates that I went home, and it’s not like I have regular ring in times with my parents.  
In fact, they’d be pretty surprised if I rang them in the near future, I only checked in a couple of days ago.  If they haven’t heard from me in a week they might get a little worried, but I’m guessing it would be longer than that, probably much longer, until they became worried enough to come and look for me.  
I’m sure Dr Flynne will tell the uni some tale to explain my whereabouts.  No-one will be suspicious at all.
It’s a little brighter now. I pull out the letter and, fingers shaking, unfold it.
‘Dear Erin,
I am so sorry about what we’ve put you through, but let me assure you, I was telling you the truth: I mean you no harm.  Dr Flynne means you no harm.  I am so, so sorry if you have woken up and realised you’re chained to your bed, but it’s not permanent—I promise.  We won’t be keeping you here forever—just until we know it’s safe for you to leave.  And don’t worry about the injection—it knocked you out, but it didn’t hurt you—it made you stronger.
I promise—I will explain soon.
I will come and see you in the morning and, I know you will be, but please—don’t be angry.  Please listen to me when I come, and don’t think I’m crazy.  I will tell you the truth.
Don’t be scared, you are safe here.
Victoria’
Safe here?  In chains?  Whatever is she talking about?  I suppose it’s more reassuring than a death threat—or is it scarier?  Does it make her crazier that she really believes what she’s doing is right?
I re-read the note.
What could she mean by ‘it has made you stronger’?  I don’t feel stronger.  It doesn’t feel like I’ve suddenly got super powers or anything:  I couldn’t break the chain.  She’s definitely insane.
I had wondered what was going on with her . . . but I never imagined it would be anything like this.  I hope to God—not that I’m even religious—that she means it when she says she will let me go.  Please let her mean it.
There’s one thing she didn’t mention in her letter: Dr Flynne.  Where is he now?
In light of the letter, I decide on one thing: it’s OK to give in to my thirst.  Victoria doesn’t sound as if she means to kill me; not yet anyway.  I gulp down the remaining fluid, then lie on my back, staring up at the spider webby, plaster-boarded ceiling; wishing—unreasonably, seeing as he doesn’t even know I’m in trouble—that Aaron Knight would live up to his name, and whisk in here, break my chain, and save me.
To think, I was so annoyed with him yesterday, after what Victoria told me.  But now I know she’s crazy, I just want to see him and find out the truth.  Is he really seeing someone else?  Did I get so hideously drunk I ruined my chances with him?  
I need to know if I still have a shot.  It’s like his blood is thrumming through my veins, playing with my heart—I need to see him.
I wonder what happened to my phone.
The door gently creaks, and I turn to see Victoria peeping around the edge.  She looks worried; not surprisingly.  
I narrow my eyes at her.  “Please explain.”
She comes into the room, once again looking perfectly manicured.  Today this annoys me, considering the state I’m in—which is very much her fault.  At least she has had the grace to abandon her usual look of absolute control.  
“Erin, I will explain everything.  I know you must hate me, but once I’ve told you why we did this; I hope you can forgive us.”
She walks over to the window and pulls open the curtains.  Rays of light penetrate the dust.  She extracts a chair from the stack and takes a seat, out of my reach.
I stay silent, waiting for her to elaborate.  I didn’t fail to notice she said ‘us’, referring to her and Dr Flynne, I suppose.  I wonder how long she’s known him, whether they’re an item.
Victoria seems to realise I’m not planning on speaking again, so continues.  “You were in danger—please believe me—from Aaron.  He . . . well, I’m pretty sure that he is, based on your behaviour, and other things.  He is a vampire.”
She pauses, awaiting my response—but I’m not about to feed her delusion.
“I am a hunter, as is Ray.  He taught me to recognise vampires—to kill them.  The injection we gave you: it protects you from the bite of a vampire.  That means you can’t be turned into one, or anything else, so . . . it will protect you.”
She pauses again, and when I fail to respond, she continues.
“We didn’t tell you first as we were worried you would run, and then it would be too late.  We were planning to induce you anyway—to make you a hunter too—but we had to speed up the process, to make sure you wouldn’t be harmed.”
At this point I have to interrupt.  “You were planning to make me a hunter too?  Since when?”
“Well, Ray has been watching you since you were a kid—but he will fill you in on that.  He’s going to come and see you in a couple of hours.  Unfortunately, I can’t let you go until you’ve talked to him; until we know that you trust us, and won’t tell anybody about what we do.”
I can see I’ve got some acting to do if they’re going to let me go, if I’m going to save Aaron from her craziness.  God—if she thinks he’s a vampire . . . she said she kills vampires.
I nod.  “OK, I’ll talk to him.  I’d like to ask you more questions too, but I can only take in so much at a time, especially when I’m hungry.”
She smiles.  “Don’t worry Erin, you will believe us soon.  We’ll prove it to you.  I’ll go get you some breakfast.”
With that, she turns tail, and leaves; leaves me alone to decide how I should act, how I should play this, to get out of here as quickly as I can.  I need to be convincing.
Ten minutes later she returns with a bowl of cereal and a cup of tea.
“It’s all I could manage,” she says.
I shrug, but take the food.  She places the tea on the floor.
She stays silent while I eat, having the nerve to flick through a magazine she brought down.
When I’m finished I push the bowl aside, pick up my tea, and consider how I should proceed.
“How will you prove vampires exist?” I ask her.
“I will take you out hunting.  I’ll show you.”
“Have you killed many?” I say, trying to keep the suspicion out of my voice.
“You know, I get what you’re doing—I know you don’t believe me.  If Ray says it’s OK, I’ll take you out tonight.  I’ll show you I’m telling the truth.”
I nod.  “So . . . have you killed many?”
“Yes, quite a few.”
“How many are out there?”
She shrugs.  “Enough.”  Evasive again—what’s she hiding?
“Why do you think Aaron’s one?  I don’t remember him having any fangs.”
“No, he wouldn’t—not until he decides to change you, or feed off you.  Aaron . . . he . . . Alice admitted she saw blue flame in his eye.  Fire in eyes is a characteristic of many supernatural beings.  Also vampires . . . some like to get their victims drunk, before they feed off them.  It helps with altering memories, it means that any victims that survive the feed, they don’t tend to reveal the vampires identity . . . before . . . before they change and it no-longer matters.  Plus, the alcohol in your system makes you more likely to trust them, to be influenced by the pheromones they secrete.”
“What do you mean?” I say, unwillingly remembering how my opinion of Aaron changed—from distrust to lust—after the first time he touched my hand.  
And, I can’t say I haven’t noticed the fire—but there must be another explanation for that: lighting tricks, coincidence. . . . 
I don’t want to believe her—of course she’s delusional—yet I can’t help but be unsettled by what she’s said.
“Vampires secrete chemicals through their skin.  If they touch your skin; pheromones pass over—making you attracted to them and likely to do anything they suggest.”
“You sound like you speak from experience.”
“I do.”  She doesn’t elaborate.  “So, will you let me show you?  Tonight?”




Chapter 12:  The Truth


“I GUESS.”  AT least that way she’ll be with me; she won’t be able to try and hunt Aaron.  Or if she does; I can try and stop her.  Or, I could somehow escape and call Aaron; warn him.
“Umm,” I say, trying to think of more questions to ask.  I’ve given up on not feeding her delusion; if I’m to get out of here I need to play along.
“What vampire myths are true—can they only come out at night?”
“Yes, that’s true.  All the standard methods of killing work too—stake through the heart, beheading. . . .  They have venom though—if they bite you, feed off you without killing, you become infected—you become like them.”
Some delusion.  If I wasn’t so god damn annoyed with Victoria, and Dr Flynne, for what they’ve done to me; I might have the strength to feel sorry for her, to try to help her.  But instead I can only think about the best way to save myself, to save Aaron.
“How long have you been a hunter?” I ask.
She raises her eyebrows.  “Is that really what you want to know?”
Hmmm.  “Is there something you think is more important?”
She shrugs.  “Yes and no.  I would have thought you’d be asking more questions about you.”
“But you said . . . I got the impression you weren’t going to tell me that.  You said I had to wait for Dr Flynne to fill me in?”
“Well, that would probably be for the best, but there is something I could tell you, that I could ask you . . . something that might help you believe me.”
“What?”
“Ray mentioned you have an ability . . . something you’ve maybe not told anyone about?”
I crease my forehead, wondering if she could be referring to . . . but how could she know, how could he?
“What ability?” I say, in case I’m totally off track.
“Some kind of magic, something that can protect you when you’re threatened.”
So, they do know.
“How does he know?”
“I’ll leave him to tell you that.  But, remember your ability, remember that unusual things . . . can be possible.”
Hmmm, she has a point.  But still.
“So, is there anything else you can tell me—about me?”
She shakes her head, and checks her watch.  “It’s not long till he’ll be here.  Do you want to keep asking me questions, or do you want some time alone?”
I consider for a second; I would like time alone—but what if Victoria gets it in her head to go hunting Aaron?  But, she’ll probably leave when Dr Flynne gets here anyway.
“Will you promise me something?” I ask her.
She nods.
“Do you promise that you won’t go looking for Aaron?  That you will prove to me that vampires exist?  And even if, for some impossible reason, they do exist—do you promise not to hurt Aaron unless we can also prove that he is a vampire—and that he actually hurts people?”
“All vampires hurt people.”
“Do you promise?  I can’t trust you if you don’t.”
“I promise.  And anyway; there wouldn’t be any point hunting him now, because it’s daytime.  Assuming that he is a vampire, he’ll be holed up somewhere dark.  It would be pretty impossible to find him; he could live anywhere in London.”
“OK then, I would like some time alone.  Please could you lend me that magazine?”
She nods.  “I brought it down for you, anyway.”
“No chance you’ll, umm, unchain me?  Promise I will stay here.”
Solemnly, she shakes her head.  “Sorry.”
“But I need the loo.”
“There’s a bucket there, and some loo roll,” she says, pointing just behind me.
“So there is.”
“I’ll come back in a minute and empty it for you.”
How humiliating.  Even if I somehow figure out she is telling the truth about everything, I’m not sure I’ll ever forgive her for this.
Alone in my room, business completed (and emptied), I am lying on my tummy, on my bed.  The chain is dangling heavily from my wrist as I flick through Victoria’s Cosmopolitan.  It’s not something I usually read, but I’m determined to distract my mind until Dr Flynne gets here.  I am anxious to hear what he has to say.  I want to know why I recognise him.  I want to know how long he’s been watching me.  I want to know why.  I really hope I’m about to find out.
A knock at the door sets my heart pounding once more.
I sit up and smooth my hair, then quickly check my eyes for sleep dust.
“Come in,” I call.
The door creaks loudly and Dr Flynne steps into the room.  He meets my eyes confidently, although I can’t help but regard him with suspicion.  He smiles, but I don’t return it.  He takes a seat in the chair Victoria vacated.
I can’t help but feel intimidated.  He’s sitting there, wearing a suit; as usual his collar is undone and his tie loose.  His jacket is open.  Behind his glasses his green eyes are piercing; it feels like they see through me.  Suddenly I feel vulnerable, chained here.  I have no idea who he is, or what he might really be intending.  I avert my gaze, cheeks heating.
Regardless of the uncouthness of the situation, his manner is professional.
“Victoria tells me she’s summed up the situation already.  You must have questions for me.  Shoot.”
I grit my teeth.  “Please can you unchain me first?”
“Do you promise you’ll hear me out?”
“I will.”
He kneels at my side and takes my hand.  Even though his touch is gentle, it’s impossible not to notice his strength.  I stiffen.  He slides a tiny key into the lock and opens the cuff on my wrist.  He returns to his seat, while I rub at where the cuff was.    
I can’t bear to look up at him, but I want too many answers to stay quiet.  “Victoria said you’ve been watching me.  For how long?  And why?” 
My eyes well up and tears overflow.  I keep my eyes on a spider; I watch it spin a web behind Dr Flynne’s chair.
His chair shifts, and he starts to rise.  For a second I panic, and my breathing accelerates, but then he seems to reconsider, and sits back down.
“I ‘met’ you when you were eight.”  He sees my furrowed brow, and explains.  “You shouldn’t remember; we made sure of that.”
“Why?”
“We injected you with a compound that makes you forget.”
“Wh—?”
“Let me explain, please.”
I slump back against the covers, submitting.  I might as well let him tell his story, it’s not like I’m going anywhere—he may have unchained me, but I’m pretty sure he’s capable of overpowering me, should I try to escape.
“I am a hunter, and I have been since I was a teenager.  I had a mentor, Patrick, who found me, taught me.  He was with me the day we found you.  We were in France, following a lead on a werewolf sighting.”  He eyes me warily as he says ‘werewolf’.  “Do you remember going to France when you were eight?”
I nod, although memories of that holiday are hazy.
“Patrick and I had tracked down the wolf, but it escaped us.  We were trailing after it, through the woods, when we saw you.  You stood up to the werewolf, and had a very unusual effect on it; incapacitating it, forcing the man to change back into a wolf.  You allowed us to come in and take it out.  We couldn’t risk you telling anyone what had happened; either they would think you insane, or it would lead to further investigations . . . anyway, that’s why we injected you.”  He pauses.
I consider asking him what kind of effect I had on the wolf, but I think I can guess—I still vividly remember the dream I had on the train, the dream about the werewolf.  I remember fangs coming toward me in a blur, and then that cloud of light, the way the man shook until it turned into a wolf.  
Although, this is all so ridiculous—there can’t have been a wolf at all.  Or maybe it was a wolf, and it attacked me; causing my strange magic to surface.  Maybe they came in and killed a wolf in front of me, and when I saw Ray Flynne on the train, seeing him triggered the memory; made me dream that dream.  But . . . ?
Or maybe . . . if I can use magic to defend myself . . . couldn’t that mean other strange things might also exist?  But surely it couldn’t be true, and even if by some freakish spin on nature, it is, that doesn’t mean that Aaron’s a bloody vampire.  I’m pretty darn positive he’s not; he’s just a ridiculously sexy man who’s got under my skin, and who I’d love to be doing some certain unmentionable things with right now, rather than being here, listening to this nonsense.  
Like Victoria, Dr Flynne continues to talk when I don’t respond.  “We stayed with you until you woke up, then escorted you back to your family.  We said we’d found you near the woods, and that you didn’t feel well.  We realised at the time that you could be one of us, as your ability could help in our fight.  So, since then I’ve kept track of you.  I saw to it that you were recruited, placed in my tutor group.  I was planning to watch you for longer, with Victoria’s help, to see if you were fit to join us.  But then Victoria informed me about the vampire, and I couldn’t risk losing you.”
“Aaron’s not a vampire.”
“Of course, you wouldn’t think so.  That’s my fault I guess, for playing with your memory.  We will find out for sure, soon enough.”
“How often have you watched me?” I ask, tentatively raising my eyes to regard him.  I’m surprised by the intensity of his regard, and quickly look back down.
“Off and on, making sure you were OK, that you hadn’t been found out.”  Out of the corner of my eye, I see him smile.  “I was glad you were open to coming to university here; that made things easier.”
“On the train; you knew it was me.  You followed me?”
He nods.  “I had to make sure you were coming, that no-one had . . . stopped you.”
I grit my teeth again.  “What was it you injected me with?”  I feel like shouting it, saying ‘how could you’ and all sorts of other things that might make me feel better.  The problem is; I’m not really sure that would help my chances of being let free.
“Victoria said she told you . . .”
“Yes, she said that it will protect me from being turned into a vampire.  But what was it?  How did you make it?  Will it have any, err, negative effects?”
“I didn’t make it—Patrick did.  I don’t exactly know how it was made; science isn’t my forte, but I know what he’s told me.  The compound was made with small doses of the two main infectious agents; venoms extracted from the teeth of vampires and werewolves.  It means if you become exposed, or are bitten, by either of those creatures, it will not kill you, and you will not become one of them.  The only negative effect we know of is the period of unconsciousness you have already experienced.  However, there are other positive effects, apart from immunity.  Over the coming days you will gradually become stronger, and faster.  You will heal more quickly.”
Okey-dokey.  So basically, according to him, I’m now less human.  I think I’ll save queries about that until they’ve proven to me that such things exist; which I still think is pretty darn impossible.  They probably just injected me with a strong sedative.
For a second I’m silent; not sure what to ask next.  I think I’ve delved deeply enough into the delusion, and the past, for now; enough to know that regardless of the existence of vampires and werewolves, and who knows what else they might believe in, that I have been being watched.  
I have been in trouble for a long time, and getting out of it is not going to be easy.  I have absolutely no idea how much danger I’m in, but it doesn’t seem like they mean me any immediate harm; they seem to genuinely want me to join them.
“What is it you want from me?” I ask.




Chapter 13:  Sorry


I RAISE MY head and meet his piercing gaze.
“I want you to join us.  I want you to be a hunter.”
“You want me to be a hunter?  Or you’re going to make me be a hunter?”
“I want you to be, although . . . should you decide not to join us; I will have to inject you with that memory compound again.  We can’t have you telling others about this.”
“So, you will let me go?  Regardless?”
“Of course we will; we’re not going to keep you here forever.  We just had to make sure there was no way you’d escape before you knew what was going on.  We don’t want you returning to Aaron unprepared, or going to the Police.”
“So, as long as I agree to be a hunter, and that I won’t tell anyone—you will let me go?”
“And, after we’ve proven to you that we are telling the truth, so we know that you do believe us, and are not just lying; to get away.”
“So, you are going to let me go out hunting with Victoria later?”
“Yes, if you want to.”
“I do.”  Better than being cooped up here, or being injected by another compound that might do who knows what.
He nods.
“So . . . what will becoming a hunter entail?” I ask, curious as to how seriously they take this.
“Victoria tells me you are already fit, so that aspect will not be too challenging a change.  You will need to up your training, improve your fitness further, although you will find it easier as the injection takes effect.  You will need to take martial arts classes, along with taking private lessons with me.  I will help . . . refine your skills.  
You will need to train with the other hunters too, and go out hunting with them.  It will be dangerous, but we will prepare you as best we can.  
You can stay at university, that’s fine, hunting and training won’t take up all your time.  And if you have problems, I can help you.  We will look after you.  You can discuss things as much as you want with me, with Victoria, and the other hunters, but you can’t tell anyone else.”
“You are very convincing,” I murmur.
“That is because I’m telling the truth.”
I nod.  We’ll see about that.
“Do you have any more questions you’d like to ask now?”
I shake my head, and then change my mind.  “Yes.  What now?  I’m guessing Victoria won’t be taking me out until dark.”
“That’s right.  I can’t let you go now, for reasons I’m sure you understand.”  Yeah right.  “You have two choices; either I can lock you back up, or you can hang out with Victoria—if you promise not to try and escape.”
“Hmmm, tough choice.”  Involuntarily I smile.  Idiot.  “I think I’ll go with the Victoria option.”  At least that way I can keep an eye on her, make sure she keeps to her promise and stays away from Aaron.
He smiles too.  “Sorry about all this,” he says, gesturing to my surroundings.  “It’s not a sign of what’s to come, I assure you.  I’ll tell Victoria to try and distract you until tonight.  It will be easier if you don’t think about what I’ve said too much, not until you’ve seen that we are telling the truth.”
I nod.  As if it will be possible not to think about what he’s said.  The funny thing is; he really does seem to think that they will prove it to me.  Interesting.
“I’ll send Victoria in.  See you soon,” he says.
He promptly rises, and leaves me with an apologetic smile.  Hmm.
I listen as his footsteps retreat over creaky boards.  Then he stops and I hear muffled voices.  A second later I hear lighter footsteps, coming toward the basement door.  It swings inward and Victoria steps in, a hesitant look on her face.
“How are you doing?” she asks me, hovering in the doorway.
I roll my eyes.  “How do you think?”
“Well, Ray tells me I’m aloud to take you out.  Are you willing to hang out with someone you think is crazy?”
“Promise you won’t randomly inject me again?”
“I promise,” she says, giving me a weak smile.  “I went back to your room and packed a few things.  Do you want to come upstairs and use a proper bathroom?”
“You’re going to let me out?  What if I try to escape?”
“We hope that you are intrigued enough by what we’ve said to want to hang around until tonight, but . . . I have been told not to let you out of my sight.”
“What will we do?”
“How about those movies and that popcorn I promised you?”
“OK.”
I scramble to my feet and straighten out my clothes.
“I hope you brought my toothbrush.”
“I did, hopefully I got everything you need.”
As I follow her up creaking wooden stairs, I ask—“What did you tell Alice?”
“I told her you were so embarrassed by your behaviour that you decided to go home for the weekend.”
“Did she believe you?”
Victoria shrugs.  “I think so.  She seemed kind of annoyed though.”
Great.
In the murky hallway Victoria picks up my rucksack, from a dank corner.  I almost say thanks as she hands it my way, but decide against it.  At this very moment I’m not sure ‘thanks’ is the most appropriate sentiment.
My bag feels light.  “Where’s the rest of my stuff, my books, my phone?”
“I emptied it in your room, but your phone is upstairs; you can’t have it back yet.”  She points me in the direction of the bathroom.  “I’ll just wait out here.”
As I turn my back on her, my eyes fill with tears.  I push open the scratched wooden door to a surprisingly bright, high ceilinged bathroom.  The wall paper is bubbling and peeling, but the room is welcoming; a nice change.  The suite is presumably original Victorian, or Edwardian.  I’m a little confused about the distinction between the two—not great for a history student.  There are bars on the window.  
I brush away my tears and get down on my knees to see what Victoria packed.  I’m pleased to see I’ve got a change of clothes—simple black jeans and top, and clean underwear.  As well as my toothbrush she’s packed my makeup bag and comb—so I should be able to make myself look presentable.  However, I feel far from it:  I can’t push aside the vulnerability that being in chains has awakened.
I splash my face with water, willing the tears not to return, and then take a peek in the antique oval mirror, above the sink.  I feared the worst, but in actuality I don’t look too bad.  I thought my eyes would be puffy and red, but they look fine; I look as though I’ve had a half decent sleep.  My cheeks look rosy and my complexion clear.  In fact, physically, I feel pretty good too.  I feel healthy.  Could the injection be affecting me already?
Shit.  I almost bang my head against the mirror in frustration—the injection won’t have any strengthening effects, as it was just a damn sedative.  It made me sleep well, and that’s why I look alright.  Just because I was chained up, that doesn’t mean I wasn’t asleep for an obscenely long time.  I must have slept for over twelve hours.  That’s probably why my hair is a terrible mess.  I take to it with the comb, letting out frustration on my hair.  Now, half prisoner, what’s the point in looking good?  
What if I do get a chance to escape—should I take it?  But . . . a part of me definitely does want to know the truth.  Dr Flynne was incredibly convincing, I didn’t just say that to swing him:  I was telling the truth.  If I were to run now . . . if I were to get away . . . a part of me would always wonder.  Insane, yes, but true.  
And where would I go, if I did escape?  If Dr Flynne really has been tracking me since I was eight, and for some reason; I do believe he has, then, what hope do I have of escaping him?  He must know, or be able to at least find out; the location of my family.  It wouldn’t be too hard to find out who my friends were from school.  
Of course—I have some money in the bank, money courtesy of Ray Flynne and my scholarship.  I could use it to fund my escape.  I could board a plane to anywhere, find a random community, get a job.  But if I did that I would be leaving so much behind . . . my family, my course.  I’m not sure I could do it, not unless I was one hundred per cent sure there was no other option.  And am I?  NO, the truth is: I’m not.  There is hope of escape.  And . . . what if they are telling the truth?
Ugh.  I quickly change, and start scrubbing my teeth.  What of Aaron?  There’s no way . . . but . . . I admit it now: Victoria and Ray have sown a seed in my mind.  I can’t help but remember the flicker of blue flames, and how I initially tried to evade him.  The yearning hasn’t gone . . . but what if it is caused by a pheromone that he’s using to control me?  What if I really am under his spell?
It can’t be true, but . . .
I apply a touch of eyeliner, wondering.  Maybe that injection is messing with my mind.
Five minutes later I return to Victoria.  At least she doesn’t comment on how long I’ve been.  Maybe she realises how much I need to think.
In the murky hall I look her directly in the eye.  “If . . . If you are lying . . .”
“I’m not.”
“But if you are—I am going to be so mad—”
Victoria grins.  Unbelievable.  “What if I’m right?” she asks.
“We’ll see.”  I shake my head in disbelief, and follow her out of the silent, creepy house.
The day is sunny, yet crisp.  I can’t say it doesn’t seem weird to be outside after everything I’ve been told this morning: it seems mightily surreal.
It’s no time at all until we arrive at Victoria’s, and true to her word her parents are absent.  Her house is Victorian too, but it’s smaller, terraced.  Inside it’s light and airy, well-kept and homely.
As soon as I step through her door, I make a decision; I will not ask her anymore questions, not until I know whether or not she and Dr Flynne are talking shit.  Today I will do as he said, and let myself be distracted.
Regardless of this, the day passes incredibly slowly.  Victoria makes sandwiches for lunch, and after we’ve eaten we devour huge quantities of popcorn while watching four movies.  At dinner she rustles up spaghetti with chilli and olives, which is delicious.  She informs me we’ll soon be joined by another hunter.
“Do I know him?”
She meets my eyes, her gaze level.  “Yes: Tom Pearson.  He’s also in Ray’s tutor group.  He’s the one who—”
“I remember,” I interrupt.  “He suggested the ghost topic, right?”
“That’s right.”
She looks nervous, and I have to remind myself to hold my tongue.  No questions.
“He’ll be joining us for our hunt.  I can’t guarantee we will find anything supernatural tonight, but if we don’t; we will try again tomorrow, and the night after that—until you know the truth.”
I just nod, although I sincerely hope that if such things do exist, we see one tonight.  What if this delusion just continues; we never see anything, they don’t want to let me go?  What then?  I take a deep breath, reminding myself: blank mind.  Don’t think until after tonight.
“Come up stairs, let’s get ready,” Victoria says.
Her room is simple and tidy, painted white.  A single bed, unmade, is pushed against the wall, on which are hanging large black and white framed pictures of old movie stars.  She has a large oak wardrobe and a single overflowing bookcase.  Wooden floor boards are nearly hidden by a large exercise mat, and in a spare corner weights are stacked.
Victoria approaches the wardrobe and pulls out a leather jacket and scarf; she passes those to me.  “It will be cold out, and the leather will provide some protection if you’re involved in a fight.”
She pulls a black polar neck sweater over her blue t-shirt, and dons a leather jacket herself and tucks her hair into a beanie hat.  She gets down on her knees and pulls out a large holdall bag, fluorescent colours now faded with age, onto the floor.  She unzips it and pulls the edges apart.
Weapons.
“Remember what I said about wooden stakes not being a myth?” 
She chucks a couple my way and, surprised, I just manage to catch them.  I eye one; it’s about the length of my forearm, the wood brought to a nice pointed tip with some kind of blade.  They look rough, made from locally acquired fallen branches, perhaps. 
I eye the darkness outside, bubbles of nerves surfacing against my will.
“There’s an inner pocket in your jacket to store them,” Victoria tells me, regaining my attention.  She slides a couple of stakes into her jacket too.  “Although stakes are best for vampires, they will work on werewolves too, and are better than no weapon, whatever your enemy.  Do you know how to fire a gun?”
I shake my head.
“We will train you, don’t worry, but for now you’ll need to stick to stakes.”
I watch as Victoria attaches a strap to her calf, under her black jeans, and slides a gun in there.  “That’s got silver bullets in—for werewolves.  I probably won’t need that, but at least I’ll have it in case.”  She picks up another gun and tucks it into her belt.  “This one is more likely to come in handy—it’s got wooden bullets, for vampires.  Bullets won’t kill vampires, but if they run; a bullet will slow them down, so we can catch up.  We probably won’t see anything else, but if we do I’ll tell you what to do, even if it’s to run.  I don’t intend for you to fight.  If you can; just stand back and watch—you should see enough . . .”
A triple knock startles me.  Victoria beckons for me to follow, and draws a key from her pocket to unlock the door.  We stand back and Tom nips inside.  He is even taller than I remember, with neatly cut blond hair.  Today he looks less like a public school boy, as he has done away with the suit, and, like me and Victoria, he is dressed entirely in black: hunting gear.
Tom briefly meets my eye, but doesn’t introduce himself.  He turns to Victoria.  “Ready?”
“Yes.  I have already briefed Erin.”
“Good.  Let’s go.”




Chapter 14:  The Hunt 


TOM LEADS THE way.  I follow; feeling mightily conspicuous.  Victoria is behind.  I’m not sure whether that’s to protect me, the untrained one, or to stop me escaping.  Probably it’s that.
None of us talk.
We walk toward Greenwich Park, through the street lamp lit back streets of the suburbs.  Before long we are walking uphill, next to a high brick wall; at the edge of the park.  We reach an ornate black gate, but it’s locked.  We keep going.  A short while later Tom stops next to a tree.  
The leafy branches protect us from the light of the nearest lamp, and from being seen, but mean it’s hard to see ourselves.  Tom puts a finger to his lips, and we all stand still, listening.  Satisfied we are alone; Tom starts to climb.  Shit.  The tree is pretty large, a beech I think, and although it does have a few branches and knots to hold, it looks beyond the tree climbing adventures of my childhood.
Victoria gives me a little push, and I step forward, my heart sounding louder than it should.  I strain my eyes and grip the first knot, and then I slide my foot up, pushing it into a little indent.  I raise my right foot, holding on tight, and extend it as high as I can, wedging it onto another tree knot.  
Tom is already on a large branch, balancing without any apparent strain, as he crosses the wall.  Pushing my feet in hard, I lunge my body up and grab hold of a small branch.  I pry away my left foot and push it against flat tree bark, then, holding on firmly to the branch, I let go with my right foot and manoeuvre it higher, this time wedging it on a branch set around the side of the tree.
“You’re doing well.  Keep going,” Victoria murmurs.  She’s still on the ground, not at all far below me.  Tom is now out of sight.
Precariously holding on, I use all the energy I possess to keep my position.  I let go of the knot and reach for a large branch above it, my eyes adjusting to the darkness.  I know if I can get a hold of this one, the hardest bit is done.  I miss, sliding sweaty fingers down rough bark.  
I take a deep breath and try again.  I just manage to get hold of the side, and move my lowest leg onto a previous handhold.  With that as leverage, I push higher, and this time I get a proper grip on the branch, enough that I let go with my other hand and swing across, so both hands are clasping the bark.  I give myself one second to take a hurried breath, and then move my left foot onto the small branch I was holding before.  I push with my legs, and pull with my arms, pushing my body onto the branch.  
I hear Victoria scuffling below as she starts to climb.  I grab a higher branch and use it to get to my feet, and then take a giant step up, onto the branch that led Tom over the wall.  I don’t have his balance, or his confidence, so I use other branches to keep myself stable as I shuffle forward, one tiny step at a time.  
A second later Victoria appears at my side.  How did she do that?
Over the wall, all I see below is gaping darkness.
“Get down on your bum, then grab that branch there, and swing downward, then drop.”
I swallow nervously, but lower onto my butt as she said.  I lean forward and hold on tightly to a small branch coming off the one I’m sitting on.  
One.  Two. Three.  
I take my weight off the branch, and hold on for my life as I swing into the dark.  I swing too far, and swing back again, my arms killing.  I tighten my grip regardless, grit my teeth, then drop, bending my knees; ready to hit the ground.
My feet hit crunchy leaves, then springy grass.  I start to topple sideways, but firm arms grip me.  My heart goes through the roof.
“It’s me, Tom.  Calm down,” he whispers.  
He must have heard my accelerated breathing, and if he heard it, what else might have?  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.  What is wrong with me?  Why do I keep believing them.  All this seems mightily scary, but really it’s Victoria and Tom I should be afraid of, not bloody vampires and werewolves.  Or, what were the ‘anything else’ Victoria mentioned?  What could they be?  Shitity brickity—there better not be zombies out here.  No.  The darkness, the sense of apprehension, that’s what’s scaring me.  None of those things exist.
Victoria drops down next to us, so softly I can’t quite believe she managed it.  I hear an owl hoot nearby, and it’s louder than her bloody drop.  Maybe she does have superpowers.
“This way,” Tom mutters.
I follow him, treading as lightly as I dare.  Ridiculous really, why bother?  But I know why I do bother . . . this is freaking me right out.  Not only are we trespassing, or maybe not that, but at least; entering where we are not allowed.  It’s really, really dark here, away from the street lights.  I glance up and even the stars look clearer, blinking down at me, making me feel typically insignificant.
Tom stops not far ahead, and takes a seat on a park bench.  He pats the seat next to him for me to sit.  OK, so not what I expected—will they be pulling out champagne next?  A nice romantic midnight picnic, perhaps?
I do sit, and Victoria places herself at my side.  I stay silent, listening to the sounds of the night.  Greenwich Park is large, but it’s not as big as Richmond Park; I can still hear traffic in the distance.  Closer at hand I hear rustling, probably animals scuttling in the bushes.  Probably.
“We wait until I sense danger,” Victoria whispers.
“Oh,” I say, my voice sounding small, even to myself.  Maybe that’s her ‘ability’.
As we wait, not talking, nothing happening, I do begin to calm down.  I’m thankful for the leather jacket as the night truly is cold, a course wind whipping around our throats.  Being out here doesn’t feel romantic, or like risky fun.  Tom and Victoria are tense enough, quiet enough, for me to suspect they really are waiting for something.  They expect something to happen.  I expect us to sit out here all night and freeze our butts off.
Hunger is starting to resurface by the time Victoria speaks.  
“Let’s get moving,” she says, swiftly standing and sneaking off like a jungle cat, into the trees.
I move after her as rapidly as I can, and Tom moves after me.  He’s as silent as a wraith.  I have no idea if Victoria has ‘sensed danger’, if she’s just trying to stir up some action.  Or, maybe she’s decided it’s time to give up, to go home.  But I’m not about to ask either, I don’t want to blow our cover if there actually is a cover to blow.
Victoria is hard to see in the dark, as is anything, but she is just catching enough star light for me to see her movement.  We walk downhill, closer to the centre of Greenwich.  After about ten minutes Victoria suddenly stops.  The three of us cluster together under a tree, and Victoria points ahead.  Tom nods in understanding.
Victoria starts creeping out into the open, away from the trees, away from the mass of crunchy leaves.  I look back and notice Tom has pulled a black hat over his pale hair.
I hear a groan ahead and snap my vision toward it, but I can’t see a damn thing.  However, I know the noise wasn’t Victoria.  She starts to move even slower, and at this speed even I can move quietly, but I fear I’ll give us away by the sound of my heart rate, which is really thumping away now.  It’s quite uncomfortable.  Without thinking my hand moves toward the stake in my inner pocket, then I stop, realising how ridiculous I’m being.
I hear another groan.  It doesn’t sound like a monster, it sounds like a woman who’s . . .
I spot a hint of light under a tree.  For a second I’m not sure what it is, but then my cheeks flush; it’s someone’s bum and it’s bloody well moving back and forth.  I feel like groaning myself, but in mortification.
I hear yet another groan, and this time set eyes on a small woman between the man and the tree trunk, the light just catching the side of her cheek behind his shoulder.  I think he is kissing her neck, and she is clutching onto him.  
For a second I expect Victoria to turn and back track, but she stays still, watching.  Waiting.  Please don’t tell me she’s some kind of voyeur.  
I glance at her face and am pleased to see she doesn’t look like she’s taking pleasure from the situation; she looks kind of disgusted.  She gives me a look, and I’m not exactly sure how to interpret it, but I think she wants me to keep watching them.  
I quickly glance back to Tom, he’s concentrating hard on the spectacle before us.  I notice he’s pulled out a torch, but it’s not on.
Suddenly the woman groans more loudly than before.  The guy groans too.  He leans back, and then shoots his face toward her neck.  She yelps, and makes a strangled gurgling sound.  
Victoria coughs, a kind of ‘ach hum’, to get their attention.  
The man releases the woman, who slumps back against the tree, and he turns toward us.  His eyes are burning blue.  
There’s a click at my ear and a beam of light illuminates his face; and blue flames dance where eyes should be.  For a second I think it must be Aaron, and my blood simmers, but then I realise the guy has lighter hair, and he’s stockier.  
It’s not Aaron.  Phew.  But I don’t know who it is, or whether it is a ‘who’ at all.  
The stocky man snarls at us, the torch-light glinting off long fangs, which are actually dripping with dark red blood.  His forehead is bumpy and deformed, and as he jumps forward I see he has long talons instead of fingernails.  
Victoria pulls one of the stakes out of her jacket and jumps forward to meet the man; the man who I can see really is a vampire.  No way—what I’m seeing can’t be right.  
I step back again as Victoria darts to the side, sticking out a leg and sending the vampire flying.  I back away further.  
Tom keeps his place, keeps holding the torch, illuminating the fight.  The vampire jumps to his feet, so swiftly I barely see him move.  He turns to face Victoria, and then glances from me to Tom.  He sprints away.  
Victoria swaps stake for gun, and she points, then shoots three times.  Her gun must be fitted with a silencer as I hardly hear a sound.  
Tom lights up the vampire.  As the first shot hits him; he falters, the second hits him and he stops, the third and he falls.  
Victoria runs after him, swiftly jumping on his prone form.  Somehow she is already holding a wooden stake.  She rams it into his chest from behind.  
For one second all is still, and I hear another groan, not a pleasurable one this time, from the woman under the tree.  
I want to flee, but my feet take me to Victoria’s side.  She climbs off the body and pushes it onto its back.  Tom shines his light onto the face of the dead man.  Its fangs have retreated, but its head is still bumpy.  There is blood around its mouth.  The body is already blue.
Immediately I feel sick, and step back.
Victoria turns her face to regard me.  She looks eerie in the torch light.  “You see?”
I am just about to nod, but a flash of movement makes me look up instead.  
Victoria swiftly stands, drawing another stake.  I catch sight of another incoming blur and Tom drops his torch, cursing.  A second later he has a stake in his hand and is locked in battle with a blonde woman, who is far too agile to be human.  
I freeze like a startled deer, then decide ‘what the hell’; I leap into the battle, coming to Victoria’s aid as she is thrown against a tree by a dark-haired male, who’s emitting a low feral growl.  I step in front of her and thrust out my leg to ward him off, so she can recover.  
I am knocked aside so easily it’s ridiculous.  I roll onto my side, as Victoria jumps back to her feet.  
I catch sight of yet another incoming blur.
“Hide,” Victoria hisses at me.
I scramble onto my knees and retreat into the shadows of a tree, trying to get a hold of myself.  I am obviously not going to be much help, I am not as strong as Victoria and Tom, not as highly trained.  Victoria draws her gun back out and shoots, but the vampire she’s fighting dodges her.  A second shot leaves the barrel and hits its target, just in time.  Victoria drives a stake into its chest as the next vampire arrives and barges into her side.  The three of them are knocked to the ground as Tom stakes his vampire, and leaps to Victoria’s aid.
Panic hits me and my breath comes in giant gasps.  I know one thing: I’ve got to get out of here.
I turn and run.




Chapter 15:  In Trouble


I RUN TOWARD the light of Greenwich, the salvation of people en mass.  It is so dark I can barely see where I’m placing my feet, but in the distance I can see the huge gates that lead out of the park, and glowing street lamps beyond.  My foot lands on uneven ground and I stumble, but just catch my balance before falling.  I push harder; I’ve got to get away.  I just want to be back in my room.  I don’t have my key card, but if I bang hard enough, surely someone will let me in.
I reach the gates and grab hold of the metal bars.  My spirits plummet; they are locked.  Stupid: I should have aimed for a patch of wall with a tree, like how we got in.  I look back over my shoulder, but against the lights of Greenwich the park looks like a black hole.  I can no longer hear the sounds of Victoria and Tom’s battle.  
I turn and eye the gate; the design includes sharp metal spikes along the top; there’s no way I’ll manage to climb over.  I turn my back on the gates and look into the darkness as my breathing slows, and as that happens I start to feel ridiculous; I shouldn’t have run.  
Shit, Victoria was right.  Dr Flynne was right.  They are not insane.  I should have believed them.  Not only that, I shouldn’t have deserted Victoria.  I should go back, see if there’s any way I could help . . . I still have the stakes.
Tentatively I raise my foot, but can’t persuade my body to move away from the gates.  I groan; how pathetic am I?  I close my eyes and lean back, but as I do I feel a strange prickling at the back of my neck, and I jerk open my eyes, immediately alert, my body zinging; ready to act, to defend myself.  But, as my eyes dart around, not seeing anything, not hearing anything within the park, I turn back to the light.  Behind the gates stands Aaron Knight.  
Shit.  Shit.  Shit.
I take a step back.
“Hello Erin.”
I take another step back.  And another.  This might be a good time to re-join Victoria.
Aaron smiles at me, his eyes crinkling, his pupils flaring blue.  I turn and start to sprint back in the direction I came, drawing a stake out of my pocket.  I hear a light thud behind me, and a part of me just knows that Aaron jumped the gate.  He bloody well jumped it.  What chance do I have of escape?
“Victoria!” I scream, now not caring if I attract the attention of the vampires she was fighting.  
A heartbeat later his arms are around me; one at my waist, one over my mouth; muffling my scream.  Yet, as soon as his hand touches my skin, all sense of fear fades.  I drop the stake.  I feel relaxed, and he lets me turn in his arms, meet his eyes.  The flames sizzle and sway, so bright in the darkness.
“Hi Aaron.”
He takes my hand and rubs in gentle circles, like before, immediately sending me wild.  My blood ignites and I push my body to his.
“Let’s get away from here,” he murmurs, against my cheek, the skin to skin contact making me forget everything, forget why I had thought to run.
I nod.  I’m desperate to be anywhere with him, as long as it’s alone.
He clasps me tightly in his arms.  “Stay quiet,” he whispers.
I nod again, and lean my shoulder into his ever so firm chest.  My air is whisked away as he soars over the ground, deeper into the park, into the darkness.
When we stop I have no idea where we are, it’s too dark to tell; I can’t even see the stars, and I don’t care because with one hand Aaron is stroking my cheek, with the other he’s holding my hand.  The only thing I can see is his eyes.
“I missed you,” he says, his voice caressing the skin his fingers aren’t yet touching.  “Where have you been?  Why haven’t you answered your phone?”
“Hmmm?  I’ve missed you, I . . .” I can’t think about where I’ve been, what’s happened, all I can think of is him.  “. . . want you to hold me.”
“I want to more than hold you.”
“Please, do with me anything you want,” I say, melting my body into his, pulling at his shirt, finding the buttons and fumbling until I can pull them apart, until my hands are on his chest.  It’s so cool, so smooth.  I run my lips along his collar bone, my hands finding their way under his clothes, holding his body as close as I can.
“Erin,” he murmurs, and then he pulls my lips to his.
His kiss is intense, all signs of holding back gone.  And as he kisses me he pulls off my jacket, flinging it on to the grass.  In one motion I’m on top of it, and Aaron is on top of me, pinning me to the ground, kissing me hard, taking away my breath.  His kisses move from my mouth, to my jaw, and down to my neck.  
Twin points of pain explode where he’s kissing, and I gasp, coming back to myself.  I try to push him off, but he is immensely strong.  I can feel blood leaving me at a frightening speed.  I can hear him gulp as it travels smoothly down his throat.  My heart races, and I push again.  
Breath quickening; I start to panic, and as soon as I do I feel the almost familiar surge of something in my veins—that something that Dr Flynne claimed was magic.  
That ‘magic’ simmers in my cells, travelling around my body, collecting, meeting in my mind—and, as my body starts to fade, the lack of blood weakening me to a state beyond caring, beyond comprehension—that ‘magic’ surges forth, lighting the night, lighting Aaron.  At once his teeth withdraw.  I feel another sting as the twin points leave my skin, but then my awareness of life fades away.  
I see no more.




Chapter 16:  My Decision


WHEN I COME to, I can’t bring myself to open my eyes.  I need time to acclimatise to the light, which seems disturbingly bright after the darkness of my last memory.  An image jumps into my head: Aaron with his eyes full of flame.  He grabbed me, whisked me away; put me back under his spell.  He bit me.
God, how I wanted him to touch me, wanted him all over me.  Pheromones; that’s what Victoria told me it was.  They must be incredibly strong; I can’t believe how much they affected me.  I wasn’t even drunk.  Hmmm . . . maybe that’s why my memory is intact, unlike last time.
I can’t believe this is real.
My thoughts start to still, and I become more aware of my surroundings.  I can hear the beep, beep, beeping of a machine.  The pull of curtains over a rail, hushed voices . . . I must be in hospital.  But . . . how did I get here?
I brace myself, and slowly open my eyes, squinting; it really is bright and at first all I see is a blur, but then the room comes into focus.  I am lying on my back, so the first thing I see is a white ceiling, and the source of all things bright; a fluorescent strip light.  I lower my eyes and see a flimsy curtain hanging off a rail, surrounding me.  
I lower my eyes further and I see Victoria, asleep in a chair at my bedside.  She looks vulnerable, soft somehow, without her usual consuming control.  Her blonde hair is messed up and she has a smear of dirt on her jaw.
I move a touch, to lean and shake her awake, but a pain in my arm stops me.  I look toward it and see tubes attached to my forearm.  I look up to see they are attached to a blood bag, and an IV.  Immediately I feel weak, and kind of sick.  I wonder how much of my blood Aaron drank before my magic stopped him.  I wonder what happened after I passed out.
“Victoria,” I whisper, trying not to shock her.
Her eyes snap open, and her face breaks into a wide smile.  “Erin, thank god, you’re alright.”  She shifts her weight around so she’s on the edge of her chair, close enough to talk quietly, without being overheard.  “What happened, after I told you to hide?”
“I . . . I completely freaked.  I’m so sorry, I should have stayed to help you—”
Victoria interrupts.  “No, you shouldn’t.  I told you not to, you’re not trained yet.”
I shrug.  “I feel bad though, you were in trouble—”
“I was fine, I am fine.  I do this all the time.”
“Anyway . . . I tried to hide, but I panicked.  I ran.  But . . . I wasn’t thinking.  I should have gone back the way we came, but I ran toward the main gates of the park . . . and then I couldn’t get out.  That’s when Aaron showed up.  I started to run back to you but he got me, he touched me, and all I wanted . . .”  
My eyes well up and I turn away.
“Hey it’s OK Erin, you will be OK.  Did he, did you sleep with him?”
I shake my head.  “No, but I would have,” I say, feeling sickened.
“He must have known we had you, that you were going to be a hunter.  He must have meant to kill you.”
I nod.  “I think so,” I say, my voice shaking.  “What happened after . . . after my, umm, ability, kicked in?  He stopped feeding on me, but then, I think I passed out?”
“I could sense you were in danger, and came as soon as I could, but not in time to stop him biting you.  I’m so sorry Erin, I should have got to you sooner.  I should have looked after you better.”
“It’s OK, if I hadn’t run . . . you could have,” I say.
I wince at a pain in my neck, and reach to it with my free hand, but all I feel is some kind of gauze patch taped there.
“Is it bad?” I ask.
“No.  It will heal, faster because of the injection we gave you.  At least . . .” she says tentatively.  “At least you won’t become one of them now.  Do you still hate me for what I did . . . injecting you?”
I shake my head.  “I don’t hate you, but . . . I am confused.  I just wish you had explained it all to me first.”
“I know, but you wouldn’t have believed me.  If I’d taken you out to prove they exist, without you having the injection first, then . . .”
“Yeah, I know . . .”
We both fall silent, awkwardly.  I suddenly panic.  “How long have I been in here for?”
Victoria smiles gently.  “Only a few hours.”
Phew, for a second I thought it could have been days.  I spot a glass of water on a table beside my bed.  Victoria sees me looking and passes it over.
“Thanks.”  I take a long sip, feeling too weak to drink more, yet.  “So, what did happen . . . after I left you, and . . . when you found me?”
“I felt that you were in danger, but the last vampire wasn’t yet dead.  We finished him off as quickly as we could, and I came running to find you.  Tom stayed because we couldn’t leave the bodies, and he had to inject the girl, the one who was bitten.  Sometimes it’s possible to stop the venom taking hold, if we inject them in time . . .”
“Was she OK?”
“I’m not sure yet.  Tom took her back to headquarters—”
“Headquarters?”
“The house.”
I nod.  I should have known.
“Anyway, I got to you just as that cloud of magic threw Aaron away from you, but then . . . I guess when you passed out the magic dissipated.  He was just about to attack you again when I kicked him away.”  She laughs, and I raise my eyebrows in query.  “He kind of scowled at me and then ran off.”
“He’s still out there?  You didn’t kill him?”
She shakes her head.  “No, I couldn’t follow him—I was too worried about you . . . you looked so pale.  I got you to the hospital as quickly as I could.”
I close my eyes, my head hurting.  If Aaron’s still out there . . . he could be . . . hurting other women.  He could be killing them, or turning them.
I turn my head away from Victoria again, feeling sick.  Tears overflow my eyes.
I hear Victoria shift uneasily in her chair, but she doesn’t comfort me.
“Do you want to sleep?” she asks.
I shake my head.  “Can I . . . can I see Ray, umm—Dr Flynne?”
“I will call him.  I won’t be long.”  With that she gets up and leaves me alone with my thoughts.
I don’t have much time to dwell on them however, as no sooner than Victoria’s left me alone, a nurse pops in and starts checking my vitals, asking how I’m feeling, that kind of thing.  I wonder what Victoria told them happened, and decide that’s something it would be best not to ask the nurse.  
I wish my parents were here now, looking after me, but . . . I’m sure they have no idea I’m in here.  I can’t imagine Victoria told them, and maybe it’s best they don’t see me like this, that they don’t know the danger I’m in, or what I’m planning to do.  They might be so worried they’d make me go home to recover . . . and I can’t imagine they’d be happy to see me return to uni when I’m better.  
Yet, I can’t imagine not returning.  I want to recover.  I want to get back to my life, start my classes.  I want to meet the other hunters, and get to know people on my course.  I want to learn about history, and especially about mythology.  And, most of all; I want to see Alice again, apologise for what’s happened, my absence.  I want to make sure I haven’t ruined my friendship with her.  Hey, I even want to see everyone else from our hall; Rhys, James, Louis . . . they would be a welcome trip back to normality. 
As the nurse leaves, Victoria returns.
“He’s coming,” she says.
“How long?”
“I already told him what happened, so he’s ready.  He should be here within half an hour.”
“Can I . . . is there a mirror I could use?”
Victoria has a quick look in the drawers, but shakes her head.
I groan.  “Do I look really bad?”
Again Victoria smiles gently.  She shakes her head.  “You look pale, and you have shadows under your eyes, but you don’t look awful.”
I can tell she’s lying.
“Can I have a moment, by myself?”
Victoria nods.  “I’ll be right outside.”
I manage a weak smile.  “Thanks.”
With my one free hand I try to prune my hair into shape, and wipe at my eyes, trying to remove makeup that’s smudged from tears.  I reach for my water and swell it around my mouth, trying to dispel the terrible dryness.  Satisfied I’ve done as much as I can; I close my eyes and wait.  
It’s not long until the curtain moves to the side and Dr Flynne steps into my enclosure.  He looks tired, dark shadows framing his green eyes, and his shirt is rumpled.  His expression is set, expectant.
“Professor I . . .”
He waits, silent, regarding me with his piercing gaze.
“I want you to teach me . . . please.  I need to protect other women from Aaron.  I need, no . . . I want . . . to become one of you.”  I pause, take a deep breath, and lower my voice to a whisper.  “I want to be a hunter.”




The End

Keep on turning for a sample of Book 2…





Fighting the Flame (Hunters Among Us, Book 2)




Chapter 1:  Lies


ALICE STEPS INTO the hall.  When she sees me her eyes light up, but then she narrows them suspiciously.  “Where have you been?”
“I . . .”
Her eyes widen, and suspicion is replaced by concern.  “Erin, are you all right?  You look so pale.”
I laugh—if only she knew.  “I think I’m OK now, but I’ve been ill.”  I decide not to mention that I was taken hostage by our flat mate, bitten by a vampire, and that I’ve just been pumped full of fresh blood during a lovely stay at the local hospital.  Instead I lie—“I’ve been at my parents.”
“Yeah, Victoria said, but I started to get worried when you weren’t back for class yesterday.”
“Umm, thanks for thinking of me.  I can’t believe I missed my first proper lecture.”
I step past her and swipe entry into my room.  Alice follows me inside.
“I was planning on coming back Sunday night, but suddenly came down with a stomach bug.”
Alice screws up her face.  “You’re OK now though?”
“Yeah, I plan on going to class.”  I look at my watch; it’s midday.  “I’ve got Mythology at two.  Did you have class yesterday?”
She takes a seat on the edge of my bed and nods.  “It was OK, introductory stuff really—pretty simple.”
I catch her looking at the plaster on my neck.  “It’s nothing; my cat’s just a little wild.  So, how was your weekend?”  I shift my voice to a whisper—“Any luck with Rhys?”
Alice smiles and shuffles back on my bed.  She lifts up her feet—on which are cute bunny slippers—and hugs her legs to her chest.  “We did hang out.  I went to the Union with him, and Louis and James, on Saturday night.  That was fun—a good band was on.”
“Did Rhys pay you much attention?”
“We danced.  Does that count?”
“Most definitely.”
Alice giggles, and I can see talking about Rhys did the trick; I’m forgiven.
I unpack my rucksack in front of her, glad that Victoria put in things it’s feasible I could have taken on a trip home.  I pull out my phone and plug it in to charge.  Victoria finally returned it, and my wallet, so I guess they really have decided I can be trusted to keep their secret.
“Have you heard from Aaron at all?”  Alice asks.
“No.”
“That’s good,” Alice says, mistaking my tone for sadness, when really I’m bloody angry at him.  He failed to tell me he was a vampire, and nearly killed me, and now I want to kill him.  And I hope to do that before he gets to anyone else—if he hasn’t already.
“Yes—it is good.  I know that.”  I smile.  “Thanks again for looking after me the other night.  I realise I haven’t had a chance to—”
“Don’t worry—I was glad to help you.  But . . .” she breaks off, pausing to challenge me with a direct look.  “It would have been nice to have a phone call.”
“I’m so, so sorry.  I would have, but I was such an idiot—I only realised my phone battery was dead on the train, and that I’d left my charger here.  I don’t have a spare one at home.”  
Another lie.  
Really I was locked in a basement, and didn’t exactly have the luxury of a phone . . . but I suspect telling her that wouldn’t be in keeping with my promise of secrecy.  I hate lying to her; it’s making me feel terribly guilty.  But, if I’m really going to train to be a hunter, I suppose I had better get used to it.
I search the floor for my pad and class schedule—the things Victoria emptied from my bag while I was locked in that basement.
“Watcha lookin’ for?” Alice asks.
“My uni stuff, I—”
“Is that it?” Alice says.
I let my eyes follow Alice’s gaze and spot a very neat stack of my possessions smack bang in the middle of the desk I haven’t yet used.  I should have known—Victoria’s room was freakishly tidy and minimalist.
I whisk my schedule out from the bottom of the pile, scattering my things into a more comfortable mess, and take a seat next to Alice to inspect it.  
Alice peers over my shoulder.  “Hey, that’s not too bad—you only have two nine a.m.’s, and you have a whole day free!  That is so not fair.”
I realise she’s right; I do have Fridays off.  “It says it’s a study day.”
Alice shrugs.  “I don’t reckon we’ll have much to do this year—first year uni is supposed to be a doss.”
“For you maybe, but remember I haven’t studied history before.  I’ve got some catching up to do,” I mutter, wondering if Dr Flynne has made my day free of lectures with another purpose in mind: hunter training.
“You’ll be fine.  Listen, do you think you’ll be well enough to come out tonight, there’s another band . . . ?” she taunts playfully, trying to make me smile.
“I really would, but . . . tomorrow?  I think I should give myself a bit more time to recover—subjecting my body to alcohol poisoning so soon after a stomach bug: not a good idea.”
Alice giggles.  “You know I’ll hold you to that, it’s not so fun going out without you.”  She leaps off my bed.  “I’ll leave you to get ready, I’ve a lecture myself.”  She gives me a little wave and a smile as she heads toward the door.
“Hope it’s OK,” I mumble, looking back at my schedule.
I actually only have four lectures, each taking up a two hour slot, and it looks like they’re all in the same building, which makes things easy.  Monday mornings I have to be in at nine—typical—for what looks like it will be the most boring thing of the week: Introduction to History: Themes and Practice.  And it’s taught by Professor Greenplank—I will definitely be falling asleep in that one.  
Today I’ve got Dr Flynne for Mythology.  I am intrigued about this one, regardless of it being taught by the man who arranged my capture.  After that I have a meeting with the man himself, to discuss becoming a hunter.  I can’t deny that I’m nervous.
Tomorrow I don’t need to be in until eleven, when I have ‘Poverty and Wealth’ with a Dr Merton.  On Thursday I have to be in at nine again for ‘History Headlines: World Wars’ with Professor Stiles.
I smile, pretty pleased.  It looks like I won’t be spending that much time in class, and, at least for the immediate future, I will be able to focus on the most important thing: getting myself prepared to destroy a certain vampire.  
I shiver; just thinking about Aaron is horrible, remembering what he did to me.  The worst thing is the way I felt when he touched me—it made me feel so good that I forgot about everything that’s important, and I trusted him.  If I’m going to finish him off there’s no way I can let him touch me again, or I will fail, and he will kill me.
I put my schedule aside, and begin to ready myself for class.
An hour later I’m sitting on a bench in the serene university grounds, tucking into a substantial BLT.  It tastes unbelievably nice.  I hadn’t realised how hungry I was until I opened my fridge and discovered the only things it contained were the dregs at the bottom of a milk carton—gone off—and some wilted rocket.
Sandwich eaten I walk toward the enormous building where all my lectures are to be.  I’m a bit on the early side, so take my time.  The air is crisp, but it feels good; refreshing after spending the weekend in a curtained cubical that smelled of disinfectant.  
I reach the lecture theatre and nip in at the back before the room fills up.  I can see Victoria at the front, sitting next to Tom—the other hunter I met—and they are chatting in hushed tones.  I don’t really want to sit with them; Tom wasn’t particularly friendly the night they took me out to ‘prove vampires exist’ and the night didn’t go too well, me ending up getting bitten and all.  
And Victoria.  Well—I’m not sure how I feel about her.  I now know that she was right, that vampires do exist.  I know that she was telling the truth, and that she and Dr Flynne believed they were doing the right thing by capturing me, and injecting me with the vaccine that apparently will stop me being turned into a vampire or a werewolf.  
But the way they went about it is . . . hmmm . . . disturbing.  I resent her, but I hope that I can get past it, because I need her, and I need Dr Flynne.  I need their help, and their equipment, in my fight against Aaron.  I know they have much to teach me.
I jump as someone takes a seat at my side and says ‘hello’.
“Hi,” I say, blushing—I had barely noticed the other seats filling—and turning to see who has chosen to sit by my side.  It’s the ‘lanky guy’, as I’ve come to think of him, and decide I better remedy that.  “What’s your name?”
“Larry,” he says, and I try not to giggle, immature I know—but ‘Larry’ just reminds me of ‘lanky’ so it’s going to be pretty hard to get that out of my head.  “What’s yours?”
“Erin.”
“Nice to meet you,” he says, and extends his hand.
I take it and shake, chuckling.  I like that he’s friendly, as everyone else seems to be so shy, even more so than me.
Dr Flynne walks down the steps and my eyes immediately track him.  Today he’s wearing a pale pink shirt tucked into black jeans, not a look many could get away with, but on him it looks handsome.  The room falls silent, waiting for Dr Flynne to talk.
He looks up at the tiered seats, and smiles faintly, and then for a second his eyes meet mine.  He nods an infinitesimal amount, and I gulp, before his eyes return to his projector slides.  I think he looks satisfied that I made it in.  Just his presence is enough to make my heart beat faster, although I’m not exactly sure why—that effect started before he held me captive, so I don’t think it’s fear.
Dr Flynne clears his throat.  “Welcome to your first Mythology class.”  He smiles, this time warmly.  “Greenwich has a long history of paranormal sightings, and legends.  Vampires for example . . .”  
He goes off on one about historical sightings and their meanings to the culture of the times.  I try to concentrate, and jot down his main points, but my thoughts start to stray toward my meeting with Dr Flynne, alone, after class.  I can’t help wondering about what I should say, how I should go about it . . .  
It seems like no time at all until the lecture is over, and everyone starts rustling with their bags and notes.
I turn to Larry.  “I wasn’t well yesterday, did I miss much?”
He smiles.  “Not really, it wasn’t vampires.  Want to grab a coffee and copy my notes?”
I blush again.  Idiot—he’s going to think I fancy him.  “I can’t, I’m sorry.  I have a meeting with my tutor.”
“Oh, OK.  That’s Dr Flynne isn’t it?”
I nod.  “What’s your tutor like?  The other day you said it was Professor Stiles?  I noticed we’ve got him on Thursday.”
He chuckles.  “I wouldn’t know; I haven’t met him yet.  See you tomorrow,” he says, thrusting his notes into my hand.  “Just give them back then.”
“Thank you so much,” I say, and smile shyly as he walks away.
Victoria turns and catches my eye, and she tentatively smiles.  I wave back, but can’t bring myself to smile at her.  Tom doesn’t turn.
I swallow nervously and head toward the third floor and the office of Dr Flynne.


End of sample.  ‘Fighting the Flame’ is available to purchase now!




Author Bio


M.D. BOWDEN lives in England with her partner and two young children. She enjoys spending time with her family, in the sea, on the cliffs, and reading as much fantasy as she can get her hands on.  She is also author of ‘The Two Vampires’ series and ‘Gateway to Faerie’ series.

Note from Author:
I hope you enjoyed ‘Tempted by Fire’, and I would love to hear what you think.  You can contact me on Twitter or Facebook, where I also post news of my latest releases.

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/manderbowden81

Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/mdBowden81

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mdBOWDEN


