
DEATHSWORN ARC
~ Book 1 ~
The Last Dragon Slayer



By Martyn Stanley

Smashwords Edition 6.1.9 (August 2014)
Published by Martyn Stanley
Copyright 2012 Martyn Stanley

Art: Isis Sousa, Editor: Jack Pedley, Proofer: Rachael Stanley






Chapters:-
Characters Portraits & Bios:-

The Troll’s Head
Execution
Flight from Trest
Another Companion
The Ride to Briem
Bandits
The Town of Briem
The Road to Duramer
Enter the Dragon’s Den

 Glossary

Chapter 1 
~
The Troll’s Head

Saul wrapped the folds of his cloak around his frozen fingers and gripped his reins harder. The temperature had dropped as the sun had set, the blustering wind only added to his misery. ‘Two Silavrians, and a homeless Dwarf…’. As he considered this sombre evaluation of the status of his mission, he thought back to his meeting with the Empress, and his ensuing attempts to assemble a band of warriors suitable for the task at hand. The Empress had told him she felt fairly certain, it was a ‘Draconis Nobilus’ or Noble Dragon, an ancient and mythical, near invulnerable beast.  When he asked her about warriors, archers and mages; she’d simply told him that due to the orcs massing at the borders of Gharzbad, no soldiers or spell-casters were available and he would need to rely on mercenaries. Granted, she’d given him a handsome advance to procure supplies and ensure the success of the mission, but even so, it seemed strange to rely on sell-swords. Of course this might have been for reasons of discretion.  The reason for her decision didn’t seem relevant now.  He thought about the time when he’d entered the ‘Blind Beggar’; his last desperate attempt to hire some assistance, every other alehouse having met his tale of dragons with laughter and scorn.  When he’d been given this unenviable task, he’d never dared dream, that he’d be thankful for two immigrant dock labourers and a dwarf for taking up the quest. Now they were approaching Trest, supposedly the last place the legendary ‘Last Dragon Slayer’ had been seen.  This was a desperate last throw of the dice, to get an experienced warrior to join them. He only hoped the now ageing slayer would still be fit to swing a sword, and that he would be willing to join this seemingly doomed quest, especially considering this man had already faced such a dangerous creature in combat, and had undoubtedly witnessed the death of many men at its claws. He listened to the sound of his companions’ horses’ hooves thudding on the soft ground behind him, and peered towards the dim lights in the distance. He felt cold, tired and miserable. At this point, he didn’t care whether or not they found Mendelson, he just wanted a mug of ale and a warm bed.
The rain began to get heavier. The four horses trudged along the muddy road, riders huddled beneath their cloaks, shoulders hunched against the wind. The horses were packed for travel, their saddlebags bulging. Twilight had started to set in; both riders and horses were reduced to shadowy silhouettes, caked in mud and utterly drenched. They rode on, shuffling towards the dim lights of the town which lay ahead of them.
As the town grew nearer, they could see it in more detail. A makeshift wooden barricade surrounded the settlement, which looked more suitable for keeping wild animals out than for protection from invading forces. Unlike invading armies, wild animals presented a potential threat in this part of Torea. Beyond the ramshackle wooden ramparts, timber-framed houses in varying states of disrepair could be seen, some with glass windows, most with only wooden shutters, with soft candle or oil lamp light burning within.
By the time the riders had arrived at the heavy, iron-bound gates, darkness had fallen and they had been barred. The lead rider leant forward and thumped his staff hard on the gate three times. They heard a brief shuffling from the other side, a few muttered whispers, then a hatch opened up. The guard who peered through the hatch looked like he had seen too many winters. What little hair he had left was thin and straggly. His gaunt face showed a network of scars, surrounding a solitary boil on his nose and a patch of warts. His teeth were yellow, black, or missing.  The guard peered into the darkness. 
‘Who goes there?’
The lead rider leant down, remaining in his saddle. ‘Saul Karza, servant of the Empress, blessed be her name. I demand you open this gate immediately.’ His voice rang with authority and carried the weight of years and wisdom. The riders didn’t have to wait long before the bars slid back and the great gate opened enough for the horses to pass through.
As they rode under the large covered archway, the ageing guard closed and barred the gate after them before heading to his small, adjoining guardhouse, out of the driving rain. The guard turned as he reached his shelter and called up to Saul. ‘What’s your business in Trest, Saul Karza?’
Saul drew back his hood, showing his full grey beard and weathered features. ‘We are here to seek Silus Mendelson. Would you know of his whereabouts?’
‘Aye, that I do.’ replied the watchman. ‘He’ll be where he always is this time of the night – when he has coin in his pocket – The Trolls Head, the large alehouse at the far end of Main Street, on the big square. You know, if you’re quick you might even catch up with him before he’s so drunk he can no longer speak, or stand up.’
Saul flashed a look of concern at his companions, who were still hiding beneath their rain-soaked hoods. Two of them were mountains of men, while the third, although even broader than the other two, was much shorter and sturdier. They said nothing, but rode on, Saul clicking his teeth and snapping his reins to urge his horse after them.
The conditions inside Trest were little better, than the muddy, eroded road outside. The streets loomed narrow and dark, with buildings overhanging on each side, as the denizens of this place had built ever larger floor areas on every ascending level above the ground. The entire road was a quagmire, with mud deep enough that a man might lose his boot in it. In fact, as they squelched through the mire, Saul actually thought he’d spotted the brim of some recently abandoned footwear, sticking out of the mud. The air also had a distinct smell of human excrement and fluids, making it obvious where the chamber pots in Trest got emptied. The grim conditions inside Trest had Saul fighting back the urge to wretch, and reminiscing briefly about the clean and orderly streets of the citadel in Cormaroth, where he’d had dwellings for much of the last decade and where he longed to be at this point.
It was now late and dark, and most of the people of Trest chose to stay indoors, huddled by their fires or in bed, waiting for first light. As Saul and his companions rode into the main square, a solitary line of blue lightning flashed between the fields to the north and the looming clouds above, then thunder cracked in the distance and the rain got heavier.
Nearing the alehouse, it became clear from what the establishment had derived its name. Impaled on a spike above the sign was an incomplete skull of what appeared to be a mountain troll, a large specimen by any measure. The face was expressionless, having had the flesh weathered off many moons ago, leaving only rain and wind-polished bone; however the skull was still menacing, its jagged teeth and sullen, deep-set eye sockets threatening, despite its lifeless state. The riders pulled into the stables beyond the large building and dismounted.
They tied their horses into empty stalls and the short, stouter figure pulled back his hood to reveal a thick, fully-braided, red beard, with long red hair to match. ‘Master Saul, should we not visit the inn to secure a room for the night before we seek Silus?’
Saul shook his head. ‘No Votrex. I see little point in staying the night here if Silus Mendelson isn’t to be found. There may be no reason to stay even if he is here... From the account of the town watchman, Silus Mendelson may be in no fit state to join our quest.’
The dwarf grunted. ‘Humph, well. He may have advice for us all the same. A man who is not fit to swing a sword may yet be fit to advise on how to face a dragon in combat.’
Saul sighed, part of him wanted to find a warm bed and forget his doomed quest, part of him just wanted to get to Brunwelt and get this weary task over with. One of the larger men who had been tending to his horse, now turned to them. He’d pulled back his hood, revealing a full head of matted, long blond hair and a full blond beard. ‘Even if Silus is an ale-rotten vagabond,’ he began, ‘he is the last known living person to see a Noble Dragon. At the very least he can give us an idea of what we’re up against.’
Votrex nodded. ‘Aye, Harald, that is true...’
Saul started for the back door to the alehouse, with his companions in tow, ‘Come,’ he muttered over his shoulder as he walked, ‘we’ve tarried long enough.’
Having tied up the horses, they walked through the stables towards the back entrance of the ale house, thankful to finally be out of the driving rain. Before they entered, the other larger man, a barbarian, from the far north by the name of Korhan, cast a glance about the stables. He felt sure he’d seen a flash of black darting between the stalls. He listened for a moment, but all was silent and he saw no sign of movement. Satisfied, he gestured for Saul to enter.
Saul pulled the door open to the roaring sound of drinking and merrymaking, which washed over them in a blast of warm air. The Troll’s Head was a rural alehouse, with a stone floor covered in a layer of hay. In the centre of the large room lay a huge fire pit that spanned several feet wide and several feet long. Almost all the tables and benches were full, with most of the occupants appearing to be peasants or farm hands. It seemed a peculiar place to be looking for a legendary Dragon Slayer, a run-down alehouse in a town so backwater that there weren’t even proper roads to it. 
All four of the riders had pulled back the hoods of their cloaks now, with Saul leading the way through the alehouse. In a small rural town like this, strangers did not go unnoticed, and gradually, the drinkers began to pay more attention to them. Saul, despite being one of the few licenced magicians of the Empire, would attract little more than a passing glance. The two barbarians from the north, Harald and Korhan, might attract a raised eyebrow, but Votrex was the one who drew some sniggers and looks of scorn.
Dwarves were rare in Torea; they had been abundant in the past, but for reasons unknown to most, their numbers had declined so much that seeing a living breathing dwarf outside of the dwarfish quarter in Cormaroth, was rare indeed. As a race, the dwarves of Torea compensated for their short stature with great strength, iron constitution and quick tempers. They were famed for metalwork, complex machinery and for being fearsome warriors. They were also considered possibly the most adept race at enchanting, the imbuing of everyday items with magical powers, though they tended to do this with the application of arcane runes, rather than the elvish or human method of casting enchantments. Votrex was a proud dwarf, clan chief of the Vanguard and Gorthok of the mine Durgheim Holt.  Dwarfish culture seemed strange to Toreans. Gorthok had no direct translation into Torean, but if anything it meant something like ‘Chief Engineer’ and at the same time a mine was not just a place where minerals were extracted from the ground, a mine was a place where dwarves lived, worked, bred and fed. A Holt was more like an underground city than a mine.
Following Saul through the alehouse he became increasingly aware of the hostile glances being cast his way. He grunted and fixed his eyes on Saul’s back, not wanting to compromise their mission for the sake of pride.  When they eventually made their way to the bar Saul addressed the barman, a balding man with a pear shaped figure. He was a grimy individual; his apron a murky beige with streaks of deep brown stain running down the length to the frayed hem. He had a sadistic gleam in his eye as Saul spoke to him. ‘Four pints of ale barkeep.’
The man chuckled softly, then nodded towards Votrex. ‘Wouldn’t that be three, and one “half-pint”?’ This brought a round of chuckles from everyone nearby, which seemed to egg him on if anything. Saul said nothing, and watched the barkeeper fill four earthenware jugs. ‘That’s eight coppers, I can’t give you credit if you’re short...’ This brought another round of laughter, louder this time, but Votrex, proud though he was, bit his lip and feigned amusement at the barkeeper’s jokes.
Saul handed over the coin and leaned in. ‘Would you be able to point me in the direction of Silus Mendelson?’
The barkeeper leaned in as well. ‘Aye... That I might, though hmmm, I just can’t place him at the moment... A silver coin might jog my memory?’
Saul glared at him. ‘We know he’s here, if we can find him, then I anticipate we’ll be enjoying a few jars of your fine ale. However, if he isn’t here, then we shall be on our way.’
Saul’s response did not garner a positive reaction from the surly barkeeper. He instead grunted and nodded towards a dark corner. ‘He’s over in his usual spot... Trying to drown himself in ale.’
Saul turned, Votrex and Harald followed. Korhan paused, then glanced up at a great sword hanging over the bar. The weapon had a rusty, tarnished appearance, and was broken in two at the centre. ‘Whose weapon was that?’
The barkeeper turned and cast a glance at the old sword, then shrugged. ‘Local hero... Name of Hal or so I’m told, they say he slew the troll whose skull is on the sign outside, and in doing so, broke the sword. I don’t really know the details; it was before my time... Of course a few coins might jog my-’
Korhan groaned and walked away before the barkeeper could finish his sentence. When he caught up with Saul and the others they’d already taken a seat in a cold, dark corner of the room. Opposite them sat the man he presumed was Silus Mendelson, the fabled ‘last dragon slayer’. The fact was, the man sitting across from Saul, Votrex and Harald did not look like a legendary hero, but more like a one-eyed, gaunt old man, weather-worn and weakened. Clearly the years had not been kind to him.
Korhan took a seat. ‘So, you are the great Silus Dragon Slayer?’ The man swirled his earthenware mug and downed the drink in one gulp.
‘As I was saying to your friend here... I don’t feel much like talking, my throat is dry, perhaps a jar of ale or two would help?’ Saul looked at Harold who nodded, then got up and headed to the bar.
‘What are you doing in a backwater hole like Trest?’ Votrex said quietly.
‘Hah! I might ask the same question of a dwarf. I thought your kind had burrowed their way under the earth never to be seen again.’
Votrex nodded. ‘Most of them have, but that doesn’t explain-’
‘You’re all fools; you don’t know what you’re dealing with.’
Korhan butted in at this point. ‘That’s why we’re here!’
Silus scowled at him. ‘If you’ve heard reports of a Noble Dragon, then they are probably wrong, you should pray to Ishar that they are wrong, because if you go looking for the beast and you find it, you will die, all of you.’
Saul watched Harald slide onto a stool, placing two pints of ale in front of Silus. Then he turned back to the dragon slayer. ‘What exactly happened all those years ago? What can you tell us?’
Silus picked up one of the mugs and took a long drink from it, then wiped his lips. ‘At the time, it was the first reported Draconis Nobilus in a long time. They were thought to have died out decades before, but dragons are strange creatures, born of magic, they can lie dormant for many years. A sort of hibernation if you like. Swamp dragons hibernate over the winter, Noble Dragons can do this for years, decades even, maybe even centuries? It was thought at the time that the Dragons had wiped each other out, mostly. Dragons, Noble Dragons, are intelligent, and vain. They desire to be worshipped, to be treated as gods by mortals. Other dragons can be seen by them as an obstacle to this... Or so we believed.’
Votrex supped his ale, before wiping his beard with his sleeve. ‘How did you slay the beast?’
Silus laughed at this. ‘You speak as if I slew the beast on my own, if only that were true. Many brave men lost their lives that day.’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘How many men rode out to seek and destroy this dragon?’
‘Two score, a mixture of spearmen, swordsmen, archers and magic users... Most were slain in an instant when the beast left its cave and breathed fire down the marching line. It seemed to know we were on our way, it came out of nowhere, giving us no time to take cover. The heat, the scorching heat from a dragon’s flames is fearsome. Some of the party were charred to black ashes in an instant, others burned so hot that nothing remained. Even the rocks along the side of the path were melted, it breathed fire that was hotter than is possible to achieve without the aid of magic.’
Harald didn’t look fazed; he clicked his mug onto the table. ‘So, how many survived all the way to the dragon’s lair?’
‘A handful... Maybe a dozen or so at most... There should have been more, the spell casters had enchanted our armour and weapons to resist fire and heat, but magic has its limitations like anything else.’
Saul leaned forward. ‘So, the remaining warriors tracked the dragon to its lair, what next?’
Silus shuddered; he raised his brow, looking at them properly for the first time, showing his scarred face around the patch which covered his missing left eye. ‘We fought... You’d think the way to fight a dragon was in its lair, deep within a series of caverns, not much room to manoeuvre, the dragon can’t simply fly away if it believes it’s losing, but it was hell in that cave... For a beast so huge it moved faster than you would have thought possible, we ended up separated and on the run. Anyone who did manage to land a blow on the beast would just watch their weapon bounce off. It had scales tougher than beaten steel. I also believe they have excellent night vision, and very few if any true vulnerabilities.’ Harald, Korhan, Votrex and Saul listened, exchanging concerned glances at every detail which emerged. Silus smiled as their expressions grew. ‘Of course the best thing is, none of that is what makes the dragon truly dangerous. The real danger is the dragon’s sharp wit and sharp tongue, sharper than any claw, talon or tooth... When it speaks to you, the words form in your head, and it has a mind like no other being. They can see into your mind... Even if it were not so physically difficult to kill a dragon, they would defeat you with their razor sharp wit.’
Votrex gave a deep sigh. ‘They speak, but they speak in your head. Is it possible, that you can you keep them out of our heads Wizard?’
Saul shrugged. ‘I know not Gorthok Votrex, no one does, but if they have the power of speech they might be spell breakers or mages themselves. My magic may be of little assistance in this task I’m afraid. Of course, many trained magic users can invade people's heads; it could simply be that by their nature, dragons are powerful spell casters.’
Korhan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. ‘So, given all of this, how did you actually succeed in killing this dragon?’
Silus leaned back and shrugged. ‘Luck... Blind luck... A dragon is a creature like any other, yes they are born of magic and not subject to the laws of nature, but they can still make mistakes. The rest of the group had been killed, either trodden on, bitten in half, swallowed whole, sliced into ribbons by claw or burnt to a crisp.  The beast mocked me, telling me how futile our attacking it was, and how effortless defeating us had been, how could mortals such as we expect to defeat an ancient, “king of the skies” as he? He also told me that even if we had defeated him, the reign of fire is approaching, the dragons will not lie dormant for long... And once they awaken from their slumber, we will bow down to our true masters... Or die. That was when its huge, scaly neck lunged at me, baring its jagged teeth, but one of the dragons long horns caught in a crevice over its head, immobilising it for an instant. I knew I wouldn’t get a second chance. I’d long been disarmed but another warrior’s great sword lay just close enough for me to grasp, I grabbed the weapon, then thrust the blade deep into the beast’s skull, right into the brain, before it could free itself.’
Harald, Korhan, Saul and Votrex exchanged glances of confusion, Votrex spoke. ‘You said weapons bounce off its scales... How did you penetrate the scales?’
Korhan cut in. ‘A magic sword no doubt, was it a named sword?’
‘Not a magic sword... Good steel by any standards, but not enchanted beyond a simple and fairly ineffective fire resistance spell. Dragon skin is tough, tougher than leather armour, but its scales are what give it the most protection, they are harder than steel and overlap, but the dragon must remain flexible.  When I thrust, I didn’t thrust through the scales, but between them. Here, lay your daggers on the table...’ Votrex, Harald, Korhan and Saul removed daggers from their sheaths and placed them across the tabletop as Silus had indicated. They then watched Silus lay the blades so one was overlapping the one below. Finally he took his own dagger and prodded it at the overlapping dagger blades with a solid ‘clink’. ‘You see, this is like dragon scales. I couldn’t possibly pierce the overlaps with a dagger to stab the table, but watch.’ Then he took the dagger and slid it at a steep angle, making the tip slide in between the blades and stab the wood of the tabletop. This was a revelation; clearly certain weapons would probably be useless against a dragon, maces, clubs, possibly even axes. The weapons that appeared most likely to succeed were long, sharp weapons which had enough length to reach the dragons skin, having been slid between the scales. Silus continued. ‘The scales on a dragon are also not all the same size. The larger scales may be impossible to penetrate this way. I’ve told you all I can, the least you could do is buy me another mug of ale and leave me in peace.’
Saul sighed. ‘Silus, won’t you ride with us? Your experience might prove invaluable when we-‘
‘Haven’t you heard a word I’ve said? If you’re riding off to face this “dragon” then you are riding to your doom, and I for one don’t want to ride off to die with you.’
Saul laughed. ‘Then what, you’ll spend the remainder of your days here in Trest? What do you do here? Farm hand? Labourer? You eat, you drink, you work, then you sleep. Hardly the stuff of legend I’m afraid.’
‘I don’t want to be famous; I want to be alive.’
Votrex cut in now. ‘What about your companions?  Don’t you dishonour them by turning away from this battle? Did they lose their lives for nothing?’
‘Hah! They nearly did! Luck, luck allowed me to slay the beast, not skill, or might or great insight into tactics or anything like that, I was just very, very lucky.’
Votrex shook his head sharply. ‘Luck may have granted you the chance, but you took that chance where others might have crumbled and fled, you-’

THUMP!

A hand had crashed solidly onto the wooden table, making the mugs of ale rattle, causing froth to swirl over the brims. They looked up to see a burly, broad shouldered man, with matted black hair looking down at them.  Saul spoke in a soft, calculating tone. ‘What can we do for you?’
‘I wondered if your dwarf friend here, might allow us to test our strength against his famed, dwarfish fortitude?’
Votrex glanced up at this. ‘I have no quarrel with you... I do not wish to fight people with whom I have no quarrel, particularly drunk people who are not thinking straight.’
‘Who said anything about fighting, are you not familiar with the sport of arm wrestling?’
Votrex raised an eyebrow at this, taking the situation in context and thinking carefully, he decided accepting this challenge might prove less disruptive to their objective than refusing. ‘Aye, I’ll take that challenge... Who wants to test themselves against me?’
The intruder loomed forwards, and grinned showing a set of teeth in a poor state of repair. ‘Me. Follow...’
Votrex rose from his stool and shuffled after the man with a slightly mischievous grin on his face. He felt Saul reach up and place a hand on his shoulder as he passed. ‘Be careful Votrex, we don’t want any trouble.’
Harald and Korhan smirked softly at the scene unfolding. Silus was if anything a little puzzled at their reactions. ‘What’s the joke?’
Korhan gestured towards where Votrex took a seat on a bench at the opposite side of a long table to the challenger. ‘Watch...’
A small crowd gathered around Votrex and his opponent, then coin was passed around as they placed bets on who would best who. Throughout the preamble, Votrex sported a somewhat bemused look. As things settled down the challenger dropped an elbow onto the table and opened his hand. Votrex, did the same, and gripped the challenger’s palm. The man grinned at him. ‘Ready? Go!’ Nothing happened at first. Votrex and his opponent sat motionless, expressionless... The challenger started to pull his shoulder in, and grip the table with his other hand... Still nothing happened.
They sat stock still, their eyes locked, but Votrex’s opponent was starting to show signs of serious effort now, his face was growing redder, and he was clenching his teeth and grunting softly. Votrex on the other hand, seemed calm and relaxed, so much so, that he broke eye contact for a moment and called over to his companions. ‘Harald, pass me my ale...’ Harald, smirking, picked up the mug and dropped it into Votrex’s spare hand while the challenger started throwing as much weight as he could into Votrex’s arm – Votrex, was still not moving in the slightest.
Votrex began calmly supping his ale while the man who had issued the challenge gritted his teeth, turned his palm and shoulder in and started going redder and redder in the face. He was soon pouring with sweat and panting softly while Votrex sat calm and collected, sipping from his earthenware mug and looking as if he didn’t need to exert any effort at all.
Eventually he clicked his mug down and yawned. ‘I’m sorry friend, but I think our little contest has gone on long enough... I shall begin trying now.’ This brought gasps from the crowd, then Votrex smiled, and the first movement of arms in the match finally happened, Votrex snapped his arm over, slamming the challenger’s arm down, but slowing, so the man’s knuckles gently kissed the table. He then held his opponent’s hand firmly in place, smiling with a calm, almost smug expression on his face. A great cheer broke up around them and coin exchanged hands again.
The man who had lost, seemed surprised, shocked even. Clearly only his pride was hurt though. Votrex patted him on the shoulder. ‘You are strong friend, but humans are not built the same as dwarves...‘ The defeated challenger grunted, backing away, his bruised pride giving the party a cause for concern. Coin was still being passed back and forth as Votrex rejoined his party.
Silus nodded towards Votrex. ‘He’s strong... I didn’t realise how strong dwarves are. Not that his strength will do you any good. If you face this “dragon” you will die... All of you, I’ve told you all I know, I’ll not throw what’s left of my life away. Get me another jar of ale and be gone with you.’
Saul nodded to Harald who left for the bar, only to return moments later with another mug of ale. They rose, banging the table and muttering under their breath in frustration, clearly disappointed that Silus wouldn’t join them. Before they parted Saul leaned closer to Silus. ‘You’ll not throw the rest of your life away? Isn’t that what you’re doing?  Only this way, is slower, and less likely to earn you a place in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead.’
Before he could respond, Saul, Harald, Korhan and Votrex were making for the stables. The atmosphere in the Troll’s Head had become tense since Votrex’s display of might and hanging around didn’t seem to be the best option for maintaining discretion.
They’d been in the alehouse for some time by this point, it was getting late, but the rain was subsiding slightly. Entering the stables, Korhan grunted. ‘Well… What a complete waste of time...’
Saul paused for a moment. ‘Not so... We’ve learned valuable information. In truth, I’m not certain Silus would have been much help in his current state anyway. I suspect his prowess with a blade has waned somewhat since his encounter with the Noble Dragon.’
Harald nodded in agreement, then screwed his face up in surprise, and shouted. ‘Hey! Stop!’ As he’d seen it, the others saw it too, a flash of black. Someone had been interfering with their horses; their return had clearly interrupted the thief. They quickened their pace, rushing to check none of their belongings had been taken. Luckily nothing seemed to be missing.
Korhan glared at Harald as he checked his saddlebags. ‘Hah! Seems like we were about to be deprived of our steeds, or our belongings.’
Harald nodded sagely. ‘Aye, another moment and our horses’ loads would have been lightened, that’s assuming we would all still have horses. Shall we go after them?’
Saul shook his head. ‘No, didn’t you see the speed they moved at? Whoever it was, they were quick and they’ve got a good head start on us, we won’t catch them.’
Votrex rubbed his chin thoughtfully then looked at Saul. ‘Can’t you use magic to track them?’
‘True Votrex, that I could, but we’re not here to apprehend thieves, and anyway, nothing appears to be missing, so being judge, jury and executioner wouldn’t seem fair. We don’t even know if they were trying to steal from us.’
Votrex grumbled. ‘Don’t know if they were trying to steal from us? I somehow doubt they were ensuring the welfare of our horses wizard.’
Harald placed a foot in a stirrup having freed his horse and hauled himself up into the saddle. ‘Come on, I suggest we move... We’ve got a long ride ahead of us tomorrow, we should find an inn.’
Saul climbed up onto his horse and pulled his hood up. ‘I think I saw a place on the other side of the square. We should hurry though, it’s getting late.’
Soon the companions were all in their saddles, riding out of the stable gate into the square. It was a large square with a raised wooden platform in the centre. Trotting across the rain lashed square to the courtyard of the inn on the other side took several minutes. The inn was a fairly run down establishment, looking as if its glory days had passed. In truth there had been a time when Trest had been an important stop off, on a trade route between the dwarven strongholds in the mountains and the main part of the Empire, the plains and the coastal region. The inn’s timber frame looked like it had carried grandeur in its glory days, but now the timbers were rotten and decayed and the plaster was cracking or falling off in places.  The innkeeper could not afford a groom, so when he saw them trot into the courtyard, he ushered his wife out to tend to their horses.
They entered the inn and each pulled back their hoods. As expected the innkeeper appeared surprised at a dwarf entering his inn, but he showed no signs of prejudice. Coin was hard to come by at this time and dwarfish coin was better than no coin even at the best of times. Saul approached the counter. ‘We would like rooms for the night.’
‘Well, you’re the only guests tonight, so if you take the common room, you’ll have it to yourselves. Stabling is four coppers per horse; that includes hay and water. The common room is four coppers each, private rooms are one silver but I have got one with four beds in, if you don’t wish to be disturbed.’
Saul nodded. ‘We’ll take the private room, we have a long journey ahead of us and would not like to be disturbed.’
He nodded. ‘I’ll get Helga to show you to your room when she’s finished with the horses. Would you like a jug of mead to take to your room? It’s seven coppers...’
Saul opened his coin purse and started counting out the money. ‘Yes, we’ll take that mead. Here...’
‘Thank you Ahhh, Helga, show these gentlemen to the large room on the second floor.’
His wife was thin, tired and rain soaked. She had bags under her eyes and deep-set wrinkles in her face. Her dress was soaked, and splattered with mud and manure. She forced a wry smile, and gestured for them to follow. ‘This way please...’
Saul and his companions followed her through the dimly lit inn. The room was simple but reasonably well appointed, she lit a lamp for them and at that point the innkeeper arrived with a small wooden tray bearing a clay jug and four mugs. He set the tray down on the small table then proceeded to light the already built fire for them.
In time the innkeeper and his wife left them in peace, they all sat around the fire and drank their mead slowly.  Votrex spoke first. ‘Silus’s account doesn’t bode well for our success. We are ill equipped to slay a dragon and we are few in number.’
Saul nodded. ‘That is true, but we must try. The Empress has commanded me ... I fear that we can only hope the reports are untrue, the village of Brunwelt is far from the capital and there’s every chance the beast is merely a swamp dragon terrorising the village. Our quarry may have already been slain by the time we get to Brunwelt.’
Votrex raised his cup and drained a little. ‘I suggest we head straight for Brunwelt tomorrow. Even if it is a “Noble Dragon”, it might be a younger specimen than the one that Silus faced so many years ago. There are still many unknowns, but I suspect the Empress would not appreciate us tarrying and waiting for a large unit of soldiers to join us, particularly if it turned out to be false report or a mere swamp dragon.’
Harald nodded. ‘Votrex speaks the truth, let us rest. We should ride out at first light.’
Korhan shook his head. ‘We must re-stock our provisions for the trip. I suggest we use the morning to rest, recuperate and to fill our flasks and saddlebags. Then the quickest route will be back to the main road, then north to Duramer, then east to Brunwelt.’
Harald supped his mead and sighed. ‘If not for this diversion, we could have ridden east from Dirsh, followed the edge of the great divide north, and perhaps been in Duramer in two days.’
Votrex shrugged. ‘This diversion has been useful. We now know better what we are dealing with, Harald son of Korvak.’
The rest nodded in agreement, finished their mead, then watched the fire burn down to embers. They turned in for the night to the sound of rain splattering onto the tiled roof and wind howling around the eaves and rattling the shutters.

Chapter 2
~
Execution

When Votrex awoke the next day, Saul, Harald and Korhan had already risen. They’d all left their cloaks hanging up in such a way that the fire might dry them, though in truth the rain had been so heavy, that the driest of their clothes were still damp, their over-cloaks, sodden. Saul turned to him. ‘Ahhh, Votrex, the innkeeper has agreed for us to stable our horses here until we’re ready to leave. I’ve also had several flasks filled with mead, I do not trust the water in this town.’
Votrex swung his stumpy legs over the edge of the bed and launched himself upright. ‘Good, we should get some bread and cured meats for the journey, I don’t want to be forced to stop and hunt.’
Harald and Korhan murmured agreement and the four warriors left the room. After walking through the inn, they briefly checked on their horses before leaving the stables via the courtyard into the main square. The sun was shining, the rain had subsided, but in its wake it had left deep muddy streets. The square was cobbled, but the downpour had washed so much mud out of the side streets onto it, it wasn’t much better. As they traversed the outer edge of the square, people started gathering around the raised platform in the centre. Something was happening, something which drew a large crowd.
As they neared the butcher’s shop, the companions realised exactly what was happening, a basket was being carried onto the raised platform, along with a heavy wooden chopping block. Following the watchmen carrying the basket and the block was a third man, bearing a large axe with a straight edge.
One of the town’s watchmen noticed them eyeing up the proceedings and addressed them. ‘Execution day today... Should be a good one, we’ve got five today.’
Saul grimaced at him in disgust. ‘Five? What in Ishar’s name are these poor wretches accused of doing, to deserve their fate?’
The watchmen thought for a moment. ‘Well, we’ve got two cut purses, two burglars, and an interesting one, a gravian...’
Votrex raised an eyebrow at this. ‘A dark elf?’
The watchman nodded. ‘Yep, one of the farmers caught him sneaking around in his orchard... Ahh... Here they come.’
While the watchman spoke, a caged wagon drawn by two horses rolled into the square, up to the platform. Sure enough, in the cart there sat four obvious men, who had an air of sinister malice about them, and wore the expressions of guilty men. The gravian cowered at the back, sitting away from the others, he had dark bluish grey skin and long pointed ears, poking out through his hair.  He appeared thin, almost emaciated, and his long black hair and beard were matted and straggly. His eyes glowed red, beyond his sharp, angular nose... He seemed to be in a sorry state, suffering from malnutrition and quite weak.
Korhan screwed his face up at the watchman. ‘What crime has the dark elf committed?’
The watchman shrugged. ‘None that we know of, but it would only be a matter of time. At the very least he might be a spy, we can’t allow him to live.’
They walked on, bearing unsettling thoughts about the poor individual’s fate. Dark elves were rare in Torea, almost unseen... Korhan frowned at Saul. ‘Dark elves? I thought gravians were but a legend, a story to scare children with?’
Saul stroked his beard, while eyeing the creature. ‘Little is known about them or their culture. I have heard a little about them, some well-known works of arcane literature are credited to them. I have read no reports of gravians braving the surface, I suspect none have surfaced in decades if not centuries. They are reputed to be skilled warriors and powerful magicians, as they would need to be, to survive in the underdeep. They say the gravians have built magnificent cities, which rival the cities of the elves, deep under the ground, though I doubt any human has visited them.’ 
The gravian did have inhuman, sinister features, but in his current state he didn’t seem much of a threat to anyone. They were all thinking the same thing, that it was not right for a creature to be killed simply on the grounds of belonging to a particular race.
Korhan stepped into the butchers, speaking over his shoulder. ‘I’ll get the meats, wait here.’  He disappeared into the shop, as he vanished Votrex turned and glared at Saul. ‘We can’t let them execute the gravian!’
Saul sighed, looking troubled. ‘I agree with your sentiment Votrex, but I fear there’s not much we can do. We could perhaps speak to the Berger of the town? I can try to use my influence as an emissary of the Empress but-’
He was cut off by the sight of Silus Mendelson trudging through the mud towards them. He had a grave expression on his face. Now, in the daylight his damaged face was clearly visible. His hair appeared to have been burned off in places and instead of two eye sockets, he had one, and a charred, burn scarred lump of flesh in place of his left eye, partially covered by the patch. As he approached he saw Saul, Harald and Votrex looking at his scarred face. ‘Hah! Dragon breath! I wasn’t even anywhere near at the time. Can you imagine how it feels to have your eyeball boil and vaporise in an instant? I would have been killed if not for a well brewed potion and managing to get to the healer in time.’
Saul looked into Silus’ good eye. ‘Then why are you here?’
Silus gritted his teeth. ‘You’re right. I want to live, living hand to mouth here in Trest, isn’t living. You only truly appreciate the value of life when someone is trying to take it from you. I need to experience that again, even if it means riding to my doom.’
Saul smiled softly and patted him on the shoulder. ‘Good. What do you need?’
‘A horse, a weapon... A long sword and a spear I think. Armour and shields are of no use against a dragon, they offer no protection and merely encumber you. Too many men discovered that twenty years ago.’
Saul turned to Harald. ‘Harald, take Silus, procure him a steed, and weapons, then meet us back here.’ Harald nodded and walked off with Silus in the direction of the blacksmiths.
A few moments later Korhan emerged from the butcher’s shop carrying wrapped packages of dried, cured meat. Votrex gazed sadly at Korhan. ‘This isn’t right. We can’t let them kill him!‘
Korhan gazed at the miserable looking gravian, squatting in the straw awaiting his fate. ‘No, you’re right, we can’t let them execute the gravian. Saul, we can get bread later, let’s find the Berger and try to use your influence to free him.’
Saul nodded. ‘The gravian may not thank us. I know little if anything of gravians, but I agree, we can’t allow these people to murder an innocent being, even if he is a dark elf.’
At this point, an unusually healthy looking white steed rode into the square, its rider a tall, fair haired man with a neatly trimmed beard. He wore an iron band upon his head and was wrapped in a fine, brown fur cloak.
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘That must be the Berger.’
The horse trotted to the centre, flanked by six soldiers on similar, though less splendid looking steeds, three on either side. The Berger and the soldiers dismounted onto the platform and waited for a sturdy wooden chair to be carried on, and put in place. As it was being brought, Saul, Korhan and Votrex pushed their way through the crowds. By the time they were at the bottom of the steps, the Berger had sat down. The companions climbing the steps attracted the attention of the guards, who drew their weapons and brandished them. ‘Halt! No peasants on the platform!’
Saul leaned on his staff. ‘My name is Saul Karza, emissary of Empress Jade, blessed be her name. I would speak with the Berger of this town as a matter of urgency.’ The guards seemed unsure of Saul; one chanced a glance at the Berger, who waved them forwards.
Boldly, Saul, Korhan and Votrex strode towards the Berger. He looked an arrogant man, who had little time for patience or compassion. Perhaps this was to be expected given the poor status of the town, of which he had been given stewardship. He inspected each of them in turn. ‘Well, well, what have we here ... If your intention is to join these vagabonds on the block you are going the right way about it. Who’d have imagined, a chance to execute a gravian and a dwarf on the same day.’
Saul looked him square in the eye. ‘My name is Saul Karza, emissary of the Empress. I respectfully request that you spare the gravian’s life and turn him over into my custody.’
The Berger yawned. ‘I respectfully decline your request Saul Karza, I wish to know the colour of his blood.’
Saul leaned forwards. ‘Then I demand you release him! Would you defy the Empress?’
More soldiers had boarded the platform, all had their weapons drawn. Saul glanced around; the Berger chuckled smugly at Saul. ‘You’re a fool, your status is worth nothing here. I could order you all killed and nobody would ever know why you didn’t return. I refuse your demands, now either leave the platform and go in peace, or take your place with the condemned and allow me to relieve you of your heads.’
The atmosphere felt tense, as though it could almost be cut with a knife. The crowd were getting restless, jeering and shouting. The dark elf had started to show them some attention, raising his head and following the conversation from within the cage.
The soldiers appeared poised to strike; even reaching for a weapon could ignite a fight. Saul paused, considering his options, then bowed slightly. ‘As you wish Berger, I’m sure the Empress will understand your decision to refuse her authority.’
‘Hah! The Empress will not care for the life of one gravian. If you speak again, I will assume you wish to join the condemned, now go away, or place your neck upon the block!’
With that Saul, Votrex and Korhan turned to leave the platform. Votrex was seething, Saul wore a definite frown on his face, Korhan paused as he downed the steps and looked into the eyes of the gravian. Those eyes burned with a soft fire, a glow that was going out... He’d given up.
Barging their way through the jeering crowd, Korhan growled at Saul. ‘I’ll not leave him. An innocent being should not die like this!’
Saul shook his head. ‘I agree, but I fear there is little we can do.’
Korhan glared at him. ‘Get your horses, start riding north, ahhh, here are Harald and Silus.’
Votrex raised an eyebrow at him. ‘What are you going to do? I want to help!’
‘If you want to help, start riding, if this doesn’t go well, I’d rather the quest succeeded without me.’
Saul grabbed his shoulder. ‘Korhan! The Empress would not want you to put yourself at risk for a gravian, we’ve done all we can!’
He shrugged Saul’s grasp away. ‘Get riding wizard! Ride North, as if the spectres of the abyss were snapping at your heels!’
At that Korhan pulled away and barged towards the stables where the horses were kept. Saul, fearing there was no reasoning with Korhan obeyed and the party, including Harald and Silus mounted their steeds and rode for the gates at a quick trot.
Korhan had mounted his steed and watched his companions trot quickly away from the square. The cage had been opened. The prisoners were being pulled out of the cage and lined up. From the administrative building a man in a black hood approached, clearly, he was the executioner.
Saul, Votrex, Harald and Silus were quickening their pace. They were riding faster and faster towards the town gates. Silus glared at Saul. ‘What’s the hurry?’
‘Korhan is going to do something foolish, or so I believe, he doesn’t think it is right that a person be executed solely because of their race.’
‘The gravian? Humph, if ever I met a more sinister looking individual, then... Humph, we should leave him, let his head roll. I wouldn’t trust a dark elf.’
Korhan trotted around the outer edge of the square, the dark elf seemed to have been selected to be ‘first’ as he was being manhandled towards the chopping block by the soldiers, his hands bound behind his back. The truth was, the gravian didn’t put up much of a fight. His sad glowing eyes fell on Korhan, as the crowd jeered, egging the executioner on. The executioner picked up his axe and approached the block, then slowly, carefully lined his axe up against the dark elf’s neck. To his credit, and for whatever reason, whether professional pride or compassion, he clearly intended to make a clean cut.
Brael, for that was the dark elf’s name felt the rough wooden chopping block beneath his neck, the sticky wood stank of dried blood and death. He gazed sadly into the straw filled basket sitting on the floor to catch his head and mused that at least he had clean straw to land in.
The executioner tried his swing, softly a couple of times; then he slowly lifted his axe, pulling it up, up high above his head. As he did though Korhan had reached over his shoulder and drawn his great sword. Few warriors would be capable of wielding a blade like Korhan's sword in one hand, but that he did. One hand on the reins, one holding his sword he turned his horse into the crowd, and charged at the platform. Everything was a blur, the crowd parted in panic as Korhan galloped through them. His horse leapt onto the platform, skidding on the smooth wooden planks as it landed. The executioner paused and turned in astonishment, only to watch Korhan's blade whip through the air and clip the axe just under the head, causing the wood to splinter and the axe to tumble through the air then crash onto the boards, the head barely connected to the shaft. As the soldiers approached, swords drawn, Korhan swung his horse around, using the beast’s heavy rump to sweep the soldiers off the platform, tumbling into the crowd. The Berger was screaming at the top of his voice. The executioner had drawn a dagger, and appeared to be about to slash the gravian’s throat, as he had risen awkwardly from the block. As the executioner prepared to make the fatal slash, the dark elf caught him unawares with a backwards head butt, causing the executioner’s nose to explode under his hood, filling his eyes with blood. In one quick motion Korhan sheathed his sword, reached down, and plucked up the dark elf by the scruff of his neck and planted him chest down behind him on his steed, while the executioner staggered backwards and tumbled off the platform into the crowd.
As the soldiers were getting to their feet, Korhan snapped his reins and charged off the platform, causing the crowd to flee in panic again.
The sound of trumpets rasped behind him, as did the thunder of hoof beats. With one hand on the reins and one hand holding the gravian down on his horse, he thundered through the muddy streets. The trumpets had been heard and the gates to the town were being closed. Korhan lashed his reins and slipped through just before the gap grew too small. In the distance he glimpsed his companions riding, and as he charged after them he screamed. ‘Ride! They’re after us!’


Chapter 3
~
Flight from Trest

Throughout this episode Brael had been silent. He had been in the orchard; he’d been intending to ‘borrow’ a few apples. Anything would have done. He’d not eaten for days. The farmer had caught him easily in his weakened state, and handed him over to the soldiers who had taken him to the town gaol.  He’d given up hope sitting in the prison. The other prisoners had been fed, and watered, but the hatred and fear he’d experienced... They’d provided him with water; after all they didn’t want him to die before the spectacle of his execution. He’d resigned himself to death, almost welcoming his fate. Ever since his banishment from Durth Orza, he’d grown closer and closer to giving up hope. Yet now, here he was, lying prone on the back of a horse, watching the ground thunder beneath the horse’s hooves, having been saved from the executioner's axe by a human... Of course having had his life saved by this ‘man’, he would now be honour bound to accompany him until such a time as he’d be able to return the favour. Naturally he hoped, he sincerely hoped, that their travels would not take them anywhere near Durth Orza.
The steeds bearing the companions were from the finest stock in the Empire, and though Silus’s steed struggled to keep up, and Votrex rode at the very limit of his horsemanship, they managed to put many leagues between themselves and the town.  Once deep in the forest, they diverted from the path, weaving through the densely packed trees, eventually dropping down a steep gully to a stream. The horses dropped their heads to drink the moment they were in reach of the brook, their flanks covered in sweat, their breath heavy and laboured. The ones who had suffered most were Silus and his horse. It was obvious Silus was at least fifteen years older than Harald and Korhan, though he didn’t have the appearance of a person fit for his years like Saul. Silus’s horse, purchased from Trest was also by far the worse for wear following the sudden burst of speed. Still, they’d given the soldiers the slip, and had put themselves far enough from the road and deep enough in the woods for them to not fear being discovered, save by a clever tracker or by magical means, neither of which the Berger of Trest appeared to have at his disposal.
Korhan lowered himself from his horse and helped the dark elf down after him. The dark elf wobbled as he landed on his feet and swayed a little as he shuffled forwards, disorientated. Korhan withdrew a dagger from his belt and cut the ropes tying his hands behind his back. As his hands were freed the gravian staggered forwards and collapsed on the bed of rustling brown leaves, which carpeted the forest floor. ‘Thank you... ‘
Korhan pulled a flask from his saddle and removed the cork, then he approached offering the gravian some mead. ‘Here, drink. What’s your name, and how did you end up in Trest?’
The dark elf leaned up on one elbow and took the drink with a short gasp of relief. He drew the flask straight to his lips. His face screwed up a little as he drank, he’d been expecting water rather than mead, once he’d established the contents though, he drank deeply. As he drank, the rest of the group dismounted, took flasks and sat on the forest floor. The group sat in silence for several minutes, drinking and breathing hard, the only sound, that of the horses, lapping at the brook. The dark elf pulled the flask away from his lips. ‘My name is Brael Truthseeker of the house ‘Krazic’ and I am in your debt human. Though quite why you took the trouble to save me, I cannot tell.’
Korhan shrugged. ‘I won’t stand by and watch an innocent person executed as a common criminal.’
Brael raised an eyebrow at him with an expression of mild suspicion on his face. ‘Innocent? Only a newborn is truly innocent, you risk your life saving me from the executioner's axe, while you leave your own to die?’
Korhan gave him a stern look, then took a deep breath before answering. ‘We can’t control the life into which we are born, only what we do with it. You were not even accused of a crime, yet they would execute you... That is wrong. Why are you above ground anyway? I thought the gravian’s dwelt only in the darkest depths of the underdeep?’
Brael sat up now. ‘I am banished, I have a curse laid upon me.’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘A curse? What kind of curse?’
‘A curse which cuts me off from the winds of magic, prevents me from whispering and stops me from revealing, certain things... Until I can lift this curse, I will feel more or less helpless. Though I will fulfil my vow and follow you until such time as I can return the favour.’
Korhan laughed. ‘You really don’t need-‘
Brael glared at him. ‘Do not dishonour me by refusing to allow me to fulfil my vow, the Krazic take honour seriously, if you turn me away, you will eternally shame me.’
Saul rubbed his chin as if in deep thought. ‘Hmmm, you are some sort of magic user? The gravians are renowned for being more adept at conjuration and alteration than other races. Lifting this “curse” from you might make you a valuable ally, is it possible your curse can be removed?’
Brael climbed shakily to his feet and approached the wizard, turning at the last moment and lifting his matted black hair up to reveal the back of his neck.
Saul could see a tattoo just below his hair, but the tattoo was a strange symbol writhing and swirling, occasionally it remained still , but the language was so complex and alien that Saul, despite his knowledge of elvish, dwarfish and the gutter tongue of the orcs, could not decipher it.
‘What is this?’
Brael lowered his matted hair to face Saul. ‘I bear a power word curse. The word has been said and woven on to me. To remove my curse, it must be unsaid and unwoven from me. Do you understand the language of the gravian?’
Saul shook his head. ‘No.’
Brael seemed a little crestfallen at this. Saul’s attire and demeanour marked him as a learned man, and he’d dared hope for a moment that Saul might be able to help him. Alas this was not the case. ‘No matter. I can still swing a sword or nock an arrow.’
Silus, who had been tending to his horse, chuckled at this and turned to face them. ‘Brael Krazic, you do not know what you’ve got yourself into. We are not riding into battle against bandits or even orcs, we are riding to do battle with a dragon.’
Brael quivered, wearing a subtle expression of uncertainty. ‘A swamp dragon?’
‘No, a Noble Dragon. The Empress has received reports of one at the edge of the Sky-Cleaver Mountains, our task is to find the beast and defeat it.’
Brael formed a confused expression now. ‘I had the impression, the true dragons all lay dormant, their time having passed?’
Harald stepped forwards. ‘You were not the only one. We all believed the same, we still question the story, but we have to assume the worst.’
‘Hah! No matter, better to die with a blade in my hand than lying prone on a chopping block, waiting to be butchered. Even if death is certain, I still thank you, a dignified death is always preferable.’
Silus shook his head. ‘You all talk about death so romantically; I suggest you change your attitudes before we meet our foe. Going into battle to face such a deadly opponent, so accepting of defeat is not a good idea.’
Korhan snorted. ‘Humph! You are wrong. A man who goes into battle unafraid of death has a clear mind and is focused; his thoughts are on the task at hand, rather than constantly worrying about self-preservation.’
Saul raised his hand. ‘Enough, let us get our introductions done with, then let us move on. The Berger of Trest may still be searching for us. I doubt he will take kindly to Korhan interrupting his executions. Brael of Krazic, my name is Saul Karza, licenced magic user and emissary to the Empress. This is Silus Mendelson, dragon slayer, my two northmen friends are Harald son of Korvak and Korhan son of Brian. The dwarf is Votrex Vaughn of the Vanguard clan, Gorthok of Durgheim Holt. We shall procure a horse and weapons for Brael when it is safe to do so, for now we must ride.’
At that point however the thunder of horses rumbled closer, the companions had all dismounted and it wasn’t clear which direction the horses approached from. Saul rushed to his horse. ‘Mount up! Now!’
As they scrambled into their saddles, a line of horses, soldiers from Trest lined the top of the embankment. They were all wielding crossbows. In the entire group there were over twenty soldiers, each training a crossbow on the companions; the Berger was at the centre. ‘Well, well, what have we here? You couldn’t leave well alone could you? I don’t take kindly to having strangers storm into my town and ruin my entertainment. How would you all like to die? Here, now? By a crossbow bolt through the head, or would you like to spend a night in the town gaol before laying your necks on the chopping block for me tomorrow?’
The companions glanced nervously at each other, as they did more soldiers rode to the line. They weren’t ready to ride, and even if they were, the number of crossbows aimed at them would mean escape would not be possible without taking casualties, fighting would be even less plausible. Saul turned his horse to face the Berger. ‘The Empress shall hear of this!’
The Berger just laughed at him. ‘Oh I doubt it... Soldiers of the Empire haven’t been this far north in years, and who is to say what happened to her emissary and his escort? Lay down your weapons, and dismount, now!’
Their situation seemed hopeless, but as they stood and watched, a white stallion rode up from the rear, the rider clad all in black... The stranger appeared to be the shadowy figure from the Troll’s head stables, the night before. The soldiers didn’t turn around; they seemed to assume it to be one of their own. Before anyone had a chance to react, the rider leapt off their horse and landed neatly behind the Berger. In a fluid motion they unsheathed a long curved blade and placed it under the Berger’s neck.
Saul, Harald, Korhan, Silus, Brael and Votrex were speechless. The soldiers turned too late to see their leader under threat of having his throat cut. The mysterious rider appeared too slender to be a man, yet when the Berger tried to struggle, he found himself in an iron grip. His attacker, who had ridden up from nowhere, and had leapt deftly onto his horse, was now gently teasing his throat with a thin bladed curved dagger; she wore black from hood to boots. She had one black velvet gloved hand over the Berger’s mouth, the other holding her blade against his Adam’s apple. When she spoke, her words sounded silken and fluid, and very feminine, almost kind ‘Shhh, don’t struggle, or I will open your throat for you.’
Her face was hidden under a large hood, but her next call was clearly addressed at the soldiers. ‘Drop your weapons, dismount your horses and begin marching back to Trest, I will not give you a count of three to comply, if you do not do this immediately, your Berger will die.’
They heard a snap and a quarrel flew towards the Berger's attacker, however she just leaned back a little, effortlessly, and it flew past where her head had been. She laughed, her fluid silken voice showing no concern. ‘I’ll assume that was a nervous trigger finger. Any more bolts fly my way, and I will cut his ears off. Now some of you are still on horseback and some are still holding weapons... I do apologise for this Berger.’
As she spoke she began drawing her blade into his throat. He was struggling, but despite his attacker being slender and petite, she seemed to easily, with almost no effort, subdue him. It seemed like he was paralysed in his saddle. As the blade drew across the front of his neck, the soldiers started to throw down their weapons en-mass and almost leap from their horses. The ease at which this slight figure subdued the Berger and dodged the crossbow bolt, combined with her unearthly voice gave them the impression that this person might be supernatural in nature and the best chance they had of saving the Berger was to flee.
The companions couldn’t help but smirk as the soldiers of Trest dropped their weapons and fled through the woods.  When the hooded figure released the Berger's mouth he spluttered at her. ‘How did you-‘
She giggled, her laughter melodic and light, as if she hadn’t a care in the world. ‘Oh, your mage has been taken care of. I didn’t kill him, but he won’t be performing any magic for some time, I suggest you find him, take him back to Trest and let him recover for a few days.’
A look of comprehension grew on Saul’s face. ‘So, a mage, that’s how you tracked us. Why are you? Oh forget it. All this is costing us time. The sooner we’re rid of you and on our way the better.’
The Berger was fuming, but helpless, with his slender, feminine attacker holding him still. He growled. ‘Who are you?’
‘Oh, that’s none of your business, but now I think it’s time I dealt with you properly, I’ve already taken your coin purse, now I’m going to take your memories. Then I shall send you on your way.’
‘How? You wouldn’t dare-.’ Before he could speak she leaned in and whispered something in his ear, too quietly for the companions to hear. As she did she withdrew the dagger at his his throat and leapt back onto her horse, in a fluid graceful, effortless leap. The Berger formed a confused look on his face, almost bewildered. He examined the group, from dwarf to dark elf, it was as if he’d never seen them before in his life, almost as if he didn’t know who he was himself.
As they all watched speechless, he turned his horse around and rode slowly away, in what seemed to be a random direction. As he vanished over the brow of a hill, Saul smiled at their rescuer. ‘Who are you?’
She dipped her hood, hiding her face. ‘Your saviour, that’s all you need to know. An expression of gratitude with coin would be appreciated.’
Harald started riding towards her slowly. ‘How did you- You were trying to rob us last night!’
She held out a hand, palm facing him. ‘That’s close enough barbarian. Yes, I was going to rob you last night, but I was only looking for coin and your saddlebags held none. Now are you going to cross my palm with gold for saving your miserable lives or not?’
Chapter 4
~
Another Companion

Brael now stepped forwards. ‘She wove a sort of spell into the Berger. The gravian use this technique also, we call it “whispering”. That’s how she did it. She’s an elf.’
The woman turned to Brael. ‘You have excellent skills of perception gravian, but I’ll thank you to forget about that fact, or I shall make you forget it. ‘Silus and Votrex exchanged a concerned glance, Harald backed away shaking and bearing an expression of uncertainty.
Korhan seemed the only one who didn’t seem intimidated; he rode closer. ‘Stop! That’s close enough barbarian!’
He looked her in the eye. ‘Or what? Would you cut my throat, mistress elf?’
‘If need be Northman.’
Korhan smirked as he rode over. ‘How strange, one goes through one’s entire life without ever meeting a single member of the magical races, then when you set out to slay a Noble Dragon with a dwarf as a companion and you wind up meeting a dark elf and an elf. You wouldn’t kill me... Why don’t you remove your hood and show us all your famous elvish beauty?’
As he spoke he rode closer, the rest watched with nervous apprehension. As he approached, quick as a flash she lifted herself into the air and planted herself behind Korhan on his horse, except Korhan had seen the move and expected her to attempt this. As she landed he leaned forward and curled his arm backwards pulling her off the horse with him. He rolled in the dead leaves, tussling with her, causing her hood to fall away revealing her long pointed ears and smooth delicate features.  They rolled around in the leaves, each trying to wrestle the other. Korhan was a mountain of a man and agile, but in his strength and agility he’d met his match, so it became a game of cunning and skill. The others had to back away to create space. Eventually Korhan had straddled her, his weight on top, his palms pressing her wrists down to the earth.
He was grinning. She glared at him, full of hatred. ‘You have a strange way of expressing your gratitude for one who has just saved your life barbarian!’
He leaned forwards. ‘Then how about this?’ He planted his lips on hers and kissed her forcefully, at first her struggles ceased, then started anew and she pushed him away and spat.
‘Barbarian!’
He smirked. ‘I should take you over my knee for rifling through our saddlebags!’
She whispered something to him under her breath, then twisted and rolled and ended up on top of him, straddling Korhan and holding his wrists firmly on the ground. ‘Perhaps I should take YOU, over my knee barbarian? For being such an ignorant fool, to think you could best an elf?’
Lesser men would have been fazed by this, but Korhan was enjoying her feisty nature. He smiled at her, not struggling. ‘Perhaps I’d like that?’ Her eyes flinched at his response and he lifted her off and hauled them both to their feet. ‘You have spirit elf.’
She sneered at him. ‘Humph, as do you... Barbarian!’
Saul groaned. ‘Have you pair quite finished? We should be moving, if you wish elf, I shall give you ten gold coins for your assistance, but if you wish to be paid a more handsome reward, perhaps you’d care to join our quest to slay a Noble Dragon?’ Votrex, Harald, Silus and Brael span their heads towards Saul suddenly, almost in shock. Saul shrugged. ‘She’s clearly strong, fast and is gifted with magical abilities, surely you can see why she might be useful to our group, besides which, she is willing to risk her life for coin.’
The elf smirked at this. ‘You? And the so-called “Berger of Trest”? I don’t see any risk there. Going to slay a dragon... Hah! You’re even more fools than you look if dragon slaying is your quest.’
Saul sighed. ‘So you won’t join us mistress elf?’
‘Hmmm, perhaps... How much are you expecting to get paid for this little task?’
‘Two thousand gold coins is the bounty, to be shared amongst my party, upon our return to Cormaroth, so long as the Empress’s conditions are met.’
‘Well, two thousand between seven does not divide well. I will join you, but I will take the lions share, I will take five hundred gold and you shall all take two hundred and fifty each.’
Votrex glared at Saul. ‘For all we know it might only be a swamp dragon, are you sure we need her help? Can we even trust her?’
Korhan climbed onto his horse. ‘I trust her... She’s proven her worth once, I suspect she will again, now let us ride, we should avoid the road. Should news get out of our little encounter with the authorities in Trest, we might meet trouble.’
The elf placed one hand on her steed and leapt silently, almost floating through the air into the saddle. The others mounted their horses and Brael selected a healthier specimen of the horses left by the soldiers. After picking up a crossbow, a handful of quarrels, a dagger and short sword, he mounted the steed.
The sudden expansion of the party unnerved both Votrex and Silus. The presence of an elf had an effect on Brael as well, who would occasionally cast her suspicious glances as they rode along. For Saul’s part he was more interested in how she came to be here, elves were seldom seen in Torea, as were dark elves. Both were rarer than dwarves and most Toreans wouldn’t meet a single dwarf in their entire lives at this time, unless they had visited the dwarfish quarter in Cormaroth. Harald was fairly indifferent to the presence of the other races. Silus’s descriptions of the battle with the dragon so many years ago had left him with an impression that any assistance was welcome assistance. Korhan was positively pleased the elf had joined their band, he wasn’t thrilled at having Brael tagging along, waiting for the opportunity to ‘fulfil his vow’, but he struggled to take his eyes off the elf. She was beautiful, in an inhuman, almost alien way. She had light blond hair, pale, milky smooth skin, but a sharper, more pointed nose and sharper chin and brow; her pointed ears were at least two inches larger than typical human ears. Her looks weren’t what attracted him though, it was her clear strength, spirit and feisty personality, and perhaps to a smaller degree her aloofness, her treating them all with such disdain and mild indifference. Her demeanour almost made her seem regal, though by most accounts these qualities were rumoured to be common amongst elves.
As they rode through the forest, away from the road, Korhan looked at the elf and to Brael and compared their physiques. The relationship was quite obvious and clearly visible; the long pointed ears, chins and noses were a clear indicator they were from the same stock somewhere down the line, yet the red eyes and dark, bluish grey skin of Brael gave him a more sinister appearance.
After resisting the urge for as long as possible, Korhan snapped his reins and rode up alongside the elf. ‘You didn’t tell us your name.’
‘How observant of you Northman... I didn’t.’
He smirked at her tort response. ‘Might I have the pleasure of it?’
‘I don’t believe knowing my name will give you any great pleasure, but you may have it – Vashni... I am called Vashni.’
He reached an open hand towards her. ‘Korhan.‘
She raised a thin eyebrow at his outstretched hand and snorted. ‘Pleased to meet you “Korhan”, you’ll excuse me if I don’t shake your hand. I neither understand nor wish to partake in the human custom of “hand shaking”.’
‘Why did you try to rob us?’
‘Hah! Why not? You looked like you perhaps carried coin, but that none of you were too bright. I thought you might prove easy pickings.’
If Korhan was insulted by this comment he didn’t show it. ‘Well, why then did you follow the Berger out after us?’
She shrugged at this. ‘I suppose... Hmmm, I saw you rescue the dark elf. I admired you for it, and I noticed how incompetent you were. I knew the Berger would catch up with you and you would need assistance.’
Korhan was listening but not hearing her insults, mainly because he was enraptured with her. He found himself feeling beguiled, almost besotted with her. She wore a tight, fitted, black, soft leather shirt, and black gloves, with a black, suede, over-cloak, pinned by a silver brooch. Her trousers were tight fitting black leather and she wore black suede boots to match her cloak. She seemed perfectly attired for an assassin. She realised his prying eyes were on her and snarled at him. ‘Have you quite finished inspecting me? I suggest you keep your eyes on the path, lest your horse stumble. In fact I suggest you keep your eyes on the path lest I decide to relieve you of them!’
Korhan immediately faced forwards. ‘I’m sorry lady Vashni, I was but admiring your great beauty, and wondering why you appear to be attired as an assassin?’
She chuckled at this. ‘Maybe I am an assassin? Perhaps I was hired by the Empress’s enemies to track down your wizard friend and eliminate him, and this is merely a ploy to gain your trust?’
Korhan smirked. ‘Revealing your plot would not seem the best course of action to escape suspicion.’
‘Wouldn’t it?  Straight away, because I told you this is my plan, and you consider it to be such folly to reveal my plan, you discount any possibility the plan is true.’
Korhan, despite his rough looks and physical strength, was an intelligent man. You didn’t survive countless encounters, enough to earn you a reputation sufficient for you to be considered suitable to send to fight a dragon, without having cunning and intelligence. ‘Do you elves always speak in riddles? And if so why? I believe I am a good judge of character and I don’t believe you have the heart for assassination.’
‘I am not speaking in riddles barbarian; I am simply “playing with you”. You are indeed correct, I am not an assassin. If you must pry into my personal affairs, I will tell you I am a thief and you will be content with that.’
‘I cannot be content with that, why should one, so noble as an elf, decide to pursue a life so low as a common thief? When they could be sitting in their ivory towers, studying the structure and form of magic or the physical world and philosophising on the meaning of being?’
‘Hah! You sound like my father, Northman. Sitting and studying is fine for the old and the young. I for one would like to do more with my life than simply hide away, burying myself in books and contemplation.’
Korhan smiled, he hung on her every word. The more he spoke to her, the more enraptured with her he became. Before their conversation could continue Brael rode up and addressed Korhan. ‘Avil, I would speak with the elf.’
Korhan glanced at Vashni; she rolled her eyes. ‘Fine. What hath thou to say, gravian?’
Korhan allowed himself to drop back a little. Brael leaned towards Vashni’s mount. ‘Do you know of power word curses?’
She nodded. ‘I do.’
‘Can you unspeak my curse?’
‘Show me.’ Brael rode as close as possible, then pulled his matted black hair clear and showed the cursive living writing which curled, writhed, swirled and morphed on the back of his neck as she gazed at it.
He sensed Vashni’s gaze on the back of his neck; she leaned closer for a better view. Despite peering hard at the symbol, eventually she leaned back in her saddle, and shook her head. ‘I am sorry, I cannot decipher the power word. Though attempting to read it from the saddle is proving something of a challenge... I shall inspect your curse again when we stop, though I doubt the outcome will be any different.’
Brael allowed his hair to fall back, and threw her a weary smile over his shoulder. ‘Thank you mistress elf. My name is Brael of the house Krazic, might I know your name?’
She sighed. ‘Vashni.’
As the party rode through the woods, dry brown leaves crunched under the horses’ feet. There were still some leaves on the trees, but most had fallen. Saul, Votrex and Silus rode at the head of the group. Votrex kept casting suspicious glances at the elf, muttering to himself about Korhan ‘thinking with his loins’ first, then about Brael and the elf plotting against the group.
Saul noticed and dropped a hand on his shoulder. ‘You needn’t worry about the elf Votrex.’
‘Needn’t I? There’s something about her, something sinister... I’ve never liked elves. The elves cannot be trusted, what is she even doing here? I thought the elves had retreated to their domain never to leave again.’
Silus grunted his agreement. ‘She’s bad news. Humph, still, I find it good to know I shall be getting paid for this endeavour. Why didn’t you mention the bounty in the Troll’s Head last night?’
Saul sighed. ‘I meant to, though I did not want you to join this quest for greed. None of us are in this for the coin, the coin is merely to cover our expenses.’
‘Hah! Now you’ve agreed for the lions share to go to that... Elf! Should we slay the dragon and she hasn’t earned her share, I shall kill her myself!’
He was only whispering and Vashni was at the back of the column, but she cracked her reins and trotted up, leaving Brael alone at the rear of the group. ‘My, my dragon slayer. You’re not big on hospitality are you? I agree to risk my life, which is worth significantly more than your pitifully short life, and all I ask is some coin for my troubles? I might appreciate your disdain were I a baron of the nether world, asking for your soul in payment... Your chances of surviving this encounter increased exponentially when I joined your party.’
Saul turned to her. ‘I know, I’ve heard much about the prowess of the elves with blade and spell. My only real question is what an elf is doing in Torea anyway?’
Vashni shrugged. ‘Call it boredom... Centuries sitting studying, philosophising, composing music and creating works of art. Tis fun for a while, but a life without risk is not a life, it is an existence. Of course, my father would never agree with me on these matters.’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘Centuries? How old are you?’
She gave him a wry smile. ‘Well, that would be telling wouldn’t it? I shall tell you my name, “Vashni”, but I will field no further personal questions. It is my blade and my voice your coin is buying, not the right to my personal history, wizard.’
The seven riders crunched along the pathless floor of the forest. Saul rode at the head of the party; they were headed north towards the Sky-Cleaver Mountains and in this wild part of the Empire, after having upset the Berger of Trest, avoiding the roads seemed like a sensibly high priority. They didn’t stop for food either, each rider simply reaching into their saddlebags for sustenance as they trotted along.
Despite their grim task and the obvious friction caused by the composition of the party, the mood felt light. The sky was clear, and though it wasn’t warm, the air was pleasant. The occasional bird could be heard singing in the trees.
As the afternoon drew on, Saul decided to challenge the dark elf on why he’d been banished.  He slowed his horse to drop back level with Brael of House Krazic. ‘Gravian. You did not tell us why exactly you were banished?’
Brael eyed him suspiciously. ‘That is an astute observation wizard... I did not...’
‘Will you tell me?’
‘I don’t believe it is important. It will not help you to lift my curse, knowing the reason it was bestowed upon me.’
Saul sighed, ’Oh I don’t know, if you were banished and cursed unjustly perhaps I would be more determined to find a way of assisting you?’
Brael leaned towards him. ‘I can fight, but if I had the capacity to wield magic, I would be a formidable ally. That is all you need to know.’
Saul rode in silence for a few minutes, deep in contemplation. ‘Brael, wha-’
‘I could lie to you, tell you I was framed for a crime I did not commit, or say that the leader of another house simply decided they wanted rid of me, so arranged it. But I will not lie to you, whether my punishment is just or not, that would be a matter of opinion, though I’ve committed no crime.’
‘What then?’
‘I will tell you this, I revealed the findings of my arcane studies... Findings which... Changed things, and which some people did not like... No, that’s not true... Which nobody liked.’
Saul rode in silence for a moment, pondering what incredible, world changing discovery this rather pathetic looking creature might have made. He could think of none. ‘What world shattering revelation did you discover Brael, which tore the underdeep apart?’
Brael formed a wry smile on lips then fixed his eyes on Saul Karza’s. ‘Simple, I discovered the “truth” the ultimate truth, and I managed, through magical means, to prove without question, the answer.’
‘What “truth”?’
Brael rode along deep in thought, eventually, he gave a deep sigh and looked kindly at Saul. ‘Wizard, the truth changes everything. All our notions of death, existence, honour, purpose of being. It is dangerous, the world is not ready for “the truth”.’
Saul’s curiosity was peaked even further, he was becoming determined to know what the truth was exactly, and how it ‘changed things’ he raised an eyebrow to Brael. ‘I am a learned man; I suspect I am capable of handling whatever world changing truth you have to impart. Why don’t you tell me?’
Brael shrugged. ‘You may be ready, but I doubt it, even if you were ready, who is to say this didn’t spread further? The revealing of the truth to overlanders would cause wars, death, destruction... It would tear this world apart as it has the underdeep. Besides, part of the curse laid upon me prevents me from revealing any part of “the truth”, so alas, even if I deemed you ready and wanted to tell you, I could not.’
Saul sighed, defeated. ‘As you wish gravian, I will press you no further on this matter until such a time has arisen that your curse has been lifted, perhaps the elf-‘
‘I already asked her, she cannot decipher the power word, not while riding anyway. She said she will have another attempt after we have dismounted.’
Elsewhere in the group, Silus was grumbling to Harald about the composition of their party. ‘I wish I’d never joined you on this foolish quest.’
Harald studied the grizzled veteran for a moment. ‘We are glad you did, I’m sure your-’
‘Hah! Now we are not just harbouring a dwarf and a gravian in the party, we have an elf too. We’re all as surely doomed as we could possibly be.’
‘I doubt that, dragon slayer, the stronger the party, surely the better chance we have of surviving this encounter?’
Silus scowled at him. ‘Easy for you to say, trusting fool. They’re not human.’
Harald screwed his face up at this. ‘That may be an asset Silus, the Berger of Trest was a human, and he is neither a person I would aspire to emulate, nor a person I would desire as a comrade.’
‘Humph! You say that. Your thick skulled friend’s bold rescue appears to have only created trouble for our party. We are no longer welcome in Trest. Once news gets out we might find other towns in this region are hostile to us or worse... Then of course we’ve acquired a back-stabbing gravian in our ranks and and an elf to boot. One of the accursed fair folk...’
‘Sometimes we must take risks and endure hardship if we are to stand up for what we believe is right.’
Silus smirked. ‘Why is that? Because of some ancient tradition, fear of Ishar’s wrath or the simple hope of reserving a seat in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead? Ultimately, the elf, loathe as I am to admit it, is the only one here who seems to have her head screwed on. She is a thief and a mercenary; she looks out for herself, without consideration for others. Her attitude is something you must admire in her, clearly, whatever you think about elves, she has worked it out.’
Harald glared at him. ‘Cynic! No battles would ever be won were all men as bold as you.’
Silus seemed to be amused by this, he chuckled softly. ‘Oh that’s rich barbarian, that’s very rich. You are criticising my cynicism, yet if all men on both sides of a battle took the viewpoint to prioritise their own safety first, none would fight at all and no lives would be lost. Wouldn’t that be terrible, not to enjoy the surreal experience of picking your way across a battlefield, nursing your wounds and watching the crows peck out the eyes of your fallen comrades, while peasants rifle the dead’s pockets... You truly are a barbarian if that is a reality you wish to preserve, Harald son of Korvak.’
The image brought back faded but bitter memories and made Harald wince, he formed a haunted expression on his face. ‘You speak the truth Mendelson, war is not a pleasant endeavour, nay neither is dragon slaying, for all we know any one of us, may not return from this battle, but men must stand against tyranny in whatever form it takes, for to stand by and allow the world to change for the worse without challenging that change is to be as lifeless as a rock, a chunk of granite. One day, perhaps all our wars will have been fought, until such time, we fight for what we believe is just.’
Silus chuckled. ‘Perhaps you are right barbarian, maybe we should all throw down our lives for a seat in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead, at Ishar’s side.’
The companions rode on through the forest. Luckily the Berger of Trest and his soldiers did not catch up with them. In truth the Berger had been left so confounded by the power words whispered to him by the elf, that Trest was in disarray.  The Berger’s resident mage had been found wandering the wilderness by the retreating soldiers, again baffled and confused, by the power words whispered in his ear by the elf, Vashni.
The sun rose high in the sky, lunchtime passed unnoticed. The companions ate and drank in the saddle and continued to trot along, trying to put as much distance as possible between themselves and Trest.
By the time the sun was starting to set overhead the horses were tired and any attempts at conversation had long run dry, though most of the riders were deep in thought, in many cases about their comrades. Saul was going over possibilities regarding the findings of the dark elf and the origins of the elf. Korhan of course only had thoughts for Vashni, partly thoughts about her mysterious origins and partly thoughts about the possibility of what the future might hold for him regarding her. He found himself desiring her, but at the same time questioning the logic in doing so. Kissing her had felt strange. She had a different scent to a human woman, foreign, almost alien. She was old too, he couldn’t guess how old, but if rumours were true, her appearance as a young adult meant she was probably at least a century old if not many times this. Despite the obvious folly in doing so, Korhan found himself unable to resist, finding her alluring and desirable.
In truth most of the party felt thankful for the lull in conversation and the opportunity to reflect on the events of the day. Votrex, was unsettled by the presence of the gravian and the elf. The only real consolation was the friction within the group took their minds off the dangerous task they had set out to do.
As the shadows grew longer and the darkness drew in, Saul told the group they should look for a suitable place to camp for the night. After riding a little longer they found a clearing with a small brook running along the edge. The companions dismounted, and unpacked their sleep mats and blankets. After tying up the horses, near to the brook so they could drink, Saul and his party gathered some rocks to build a rudimentary fire pit and threw some large chunks of dry wood in to keep wild animals at bay and to provide some warmth. After a few moments of shuffling around, the group’s sleep mats were positioned around the pit and Saul lay down his staff and lit the small fire with a simple spell.
Brael was the only one not to carry a sleep mat, or blanket so he offered to take the first watch. Votrex and Silus fell asleep last; eyeing Brael with suspicion for a while after the others had drifted off. Before them, the last sleeper was Korhan, who found himself fascinated with the sharp, pointed features of the elf. As the sound of heavy breathing and snoring came to dominate the clearing Brael sat by the fire and began to whittle small sticks into sharp wooden darts, using the small dagger he’d taken which one of the soldiers had dropped.  After whittling, then carefully inspecting each one, he would deposit it in his rough spun hessian tunic...


Chapter 5
~
The Ride to Briem

When the first light of morning broke through the trees, Brael was still sitting by the glowing embers of the near dead fire, whittling.
Vashni was the first to wake. She pushed her blanket back and strode over to Brael. ‘You were supposed to wake me gravian, I was to take second watch... Why did you not wake me?’
Brael shrugged. ‘You were sleeping so peacefully, and I was not tired, so I chose to take your watch also...’
Vashni’s eyes scanned over the sleeping warriors, then she rose, walked over and took a seat next to Brael. ‘Do you not wonder gravian, what we have gotten ourselves into here? You and I... Why don’t we leave? Leave now, head south and let these fools ride to their deaths... What do you say?’
Brael shrugged, continuing to whittle. ‘Go if you so desire elf... I will stay to fulfil my vow.’
Vashni smirked at him. ‘You consider yourself honour bound to follow the Northman around, seeking to save his life, when he has no concept of gravian honour or culture... You are a fool Brael, your vow means nothing to him, no gravians are here to judge you or disrespect you for your failure to do your duty. What have you to gain or lose?’
Brael snorted. ‘Humph! You forget ONE gravian, who is here to judge my actions, ME! I would not be content if I abandoned my honour and neglected my duty. Do you care for nothing but yourself? Have you no compassion or sense of duty?’
Vashni laughed. ‘No, of course not! Why should I? I do as I please, I help people when to do so amuses me, I rob from people for the same reason. I have no need for coin, the only reason I am taking part in this endeavour is because I find the idea of seeking and killing a Draconis Nobilus interesting.’
Brael paused in his whittling and fixed his eyes on hers. ‘Are you banished from Eldenizar? Is this why you frolic among mortals?’
Vashni burst into laughter at this, almost rousing the others. ‘Brael, your hypothesis is as far from the truth as you could get... If only I were banished, would not my life be so much the simpler. I am sure you will discover the true reason for my absence from the city in the sky, I merely wish to put the troublesome event which will reveal it, off for as long as possible.’
‘Then you are wanted by the elvish high council for... some crime?’
‘You are so naive gravian, yes I am wanted but I have committed no crime. You will come to understand I’m sure, those pursuing me are tenacious and resourceful. We shall give them the run around for as long as possible, but I doubt I can escape them forever.’
Brael pondered her answers for a moment then turned his back on her. ‘Will you try to unspeak my curse?’
Vashni giggled at this and parted his matted black hair, leaning close. The strange writhing, living symbol was still present on the back of his neck. He felt her breath on his neck, her fingers gently caressing his blue-grey skin as she pulled the skin taught to make the symbol easier to read.  He felt foolish and vulnerable as the elf examined and probed his curse. After some time she spoke. ‘Is this in the language of the gravian? I can’t decipher this. The writing appears similar to elvish, but writhes, moves and changes so...’
‘The language is gravian, but the glyph may be a word made up of several words to form a new glyph with an aggregate meaning. I believe the wording must in some way mean, “not able to disclose ‘the truth’.” and “can neither remember the way to Durth Orza or enter Durth Orza of my own volition”, or something along those lines... Perhaps more. Even if I could guess the wording, it will be woven in such a way that only another can unspeak the curse.’
He felt Vashni probing with her fingers again, studying the mark. ‘Humph! I have no idea. This writing makes no sense to me. Would you like to make a guess? If you have a suggestion I shall happily repeat it for you?’
Brael’s voice sounded hopeful when he answered. ‘Yes! Before I make my guess though, tell me what you see...’
Vashni was silent for a moment as she peered at the symbol as it writhed and changed. ‘Hmmm, there appears to be something like a sun, a black sun but with black snakes or flames forming out from the centre, I think the snakes are covered in words or symbols, but the writing is extremely small. The glyph then reforms into a spiral, and words seem to be written in the spiral which appear a little like elvish, something like’ Vraic §iue zu§h awena’. Then the symbol squiggles around a little, settles into a row of zig zags made up of words, then morphs back into the sun. It keeps changing into other shapes too, and wriggling around, it’s difficult to see anything in it.’
Brael listened, then thought carefully, weighing up her description and comparing it to letters and words in the gravian language which would be a good fit for the meaning of the curse, after a spell of careful consideration; he took a deep breath and sighed. ‘Try “Ur§hoth anwea h§uz euiz carivsh cara”.‘ Vashni repeated the phrase and watched the symbol, they witnessed no flash of lightning and the symbol remained. She tried again, with a little more care, then tried swapping the words around and altering her pronunciation.
After a short pause she sighed. ‘I’m sorry Brael, nothing, unless you can think of something else to try, I think you’re going to remain impotent for now, at least until such time as we have the fortune to meet another gravian who might enjoy more success at deciphering this.’
Silus awoke next, unsettled by the sight of the elf inspecting Brael’s neck and whispering, he almost muttered under his breath, although in truth it remained in his mind. His expression made his thoughts obvious though.
Vashni did not need to use her psychic powers to be able to interpret the suspicious look of Silus. ‘What are we plotting master dragon slayer? Why, we were just discussing which of your throats to slit first, and whose saddlebags might contain the most gold... Such a pity, you spoiled our little ruse, it seems we must wait until tomorrow night now.’
Silus threw back his blanket and hauled himself up. ‘Humph, very funny elf.’
Before a full-blown argument erupted, Votrex awoke and chuckled at the exchange. ‘Bickering before breakfast? You possess a more impressive constitution than I dragon slayer.‘ Silus threw him a hateful glance as Votrex rolled up his sleep mat and blanket. Soon the rest of the companions were roused also, each muttering greetings of ‘good morning’ or similar while raiding their saddlebags for provisions. It soon became clear they were low on provisions, Korhan's stunt in Trest, had shortened the time they had to prepare for the following leg of their journey. Luckily, Vashni appeared to possess a small excess of provisions and to the other companions’ surprise, seemed happy to share them. She had various items of bread, fruit and vegetables in her packs, which she shared out with some glee, though Silus took the offer with suspicion, after seeing the others munching away with no ill effects, he also gingerly tasted her offerings.
By the time all the party had breakfasted, the fire had died down to glowing embers. Korhan and Harald broke up the stone circle and threw dirt over the hot ashes. Then they were back in the saddle.
The morning air was crisp, the sky was clear. Saul led the way north. Again, before long, Korhan had guided his horse towards the elf’s steed. ‘Good morning Vashni.’
She raised an eyebrow at him. ‘Good morning barbarian.’
‘Vashni, how did you do what you did to the Berger? When we were wrestling, you did something to me; I suddenly became very weak, and a little disorientated, how did you do that?’
Vashni smiled smugly. ‘Elf magic... It’s a closely guarded secret.’
Korhan frowned. ‘Is this a skill you could teach me?’
‘No, you must study for many decades to learn the language needed to safely and effectively perform this feat; you would wither and die of old age before you might consider yourself adept enough to use it, even if you devoted the rest of your days to mastering it.’
Korhan rode in silence for a moment. ‘How about teaching me a defence against it?’
‘Of course this is possible, but why should I teach you? I may wish to subdue you again, perhaps take you back to Eldenizar to be my “play thing”? This will be so much easier if I leave you defenceless and vulnerable. I could take you back, and make you my personal slave. Perhaps remove your free-will completely, forcing you to be my humble servant for the rest of your days? No I will keep my options open, thank you barbarian.’
Korhan winced, and screwed his face up. Her threats seemed frivolous and were delivered with a smirk, yet... ‘You jest lady elf, I have never heard of elves keeping slaves.’
Vashni shrugged. ‘Oh I don’t know, elves DO foster a strong belief that slavery is wrong, this is true. Of course, I’m sure we could make an exception for you! Wouldn’t you like to be my personal slave? With the right words I could make you desire nothing more than to volunteer willingly, to become my personal servant...’
Korhan sighed and trotted in silence for a moment, considering his response. ‘I don’t believe that this would be possible... Why do you continually try to mess with my head lady elf?’
‘Simple, because doing so amuses me. Take heart though, it amuses me all the more that you are intelligent enough to recognise that I am playing a game, and to play the game a little. You are perhaps right though, enslaving you in this way might not be possible. My success would depend on the strength of your willpower. I admit your willpower would need to be very low indeed for something so drastic to be effective.’
‘Humph, I do not desire to put my willpower to the test... You still won’t teach me to defend against “elf magic”.’
Vashni chuckled. ‘It’s not “really” elf magic, it’s a form of magic, we call this ability whispering.  We just suggest something in the language of the old ones, and fortify our words with the power of our will.’
Korhan formed a puzzled look on his face. ‘Words? Words are not powerful, how does this work?’
‘Simple, the tiniest particle of the tiniest grain of sand is bound to listen to the language of the old ones. Of course you need to make the suggestion in a persuasive enough way and fortify the words with enough will. To say words are not powerful is foolish indeed barbarian. Words may send nations to war, or soothe broken hearts, words are the most valuable social currency in the world, it always has been this way and always will be.’
‘You are wrong; coin is more valuable and more powerful. Coin too may send nations to war and bring joy and destruction in equal measure. Words are powerful, but coin, in sufficient measure can bring the bard to song or influence political decisions. Coin is more powerful.’
Vashni, listened, and pondered for a moment. ‘But cannot the more eloquent beggar win more coin when the time comes to receive alms? Or the bard simply decide to perform a ballad in the town square, before offering around his hat? Words control coin more than coin controls words. Coin has no worth; coin only has worth because society chooses to “accept” that it has worth. If everybody universally decided that coin was worth nothing and gold was as valuable as lead, then this would be so. Coin is simply an intermediary to be used in the exchange of goods or services. Were you stuck in the middle of the great divide, with no help, water, food or transport, and I were to offer you a flask of pure water or a thousand gold coins, you would be a fool to take the gold.’
Korhan listened, thinking about her arguments before responding. ‘You speak the truth, but likewise, if you lived in a coastal town which was under siege and the last ship to leave port was taking highest bids for places on the boat, having a thousand gold crowns would be worth more than a flask of water, value is only ever decided by needs.’
Vashni smiled at this. ‘True, I like you barbarian, you are more interesting than you look, though your argument is flawed. The gold in that case is still of no use, coin is simply an intermediary in a greater exchange, whatever feat or work you performed to earn the thousand gold pieces for a place on a boat.’
Korhan smiled to himself at her compliment. ‘I argued the worth and the value of gold, not the use, besides, could you not argue that having enough “worth” to exchange for things is indeed a “use” rendering gold useful after all?’
Vashni scowled, clearly flummoxed by this latest argument. ‘Hmm, possibly... You are starting to bore me now barbarian, ride with someone else and give me some peace.’
Korhan couldn’t help but feel a little hurt at this rejection, but he wasn’t surprised. Part of him wanted to drop back, so he could admire her from behind, but for some reason he wanted to show her the same disdain that she had shown him. He snapped his reins and trotted up so that he was alongside Saul. ‘Wizard...’
Saul looked across. ‘Korhan.’
‘What do you know of “elf magic” or whispering?’
‘Not much... Brael may know more, the gravian are known to use the same technique. Why do you ask?’
‘I was asking Vashni about it, she was not particularly forthcoming though.’
Saul sighed, looking Korhan in the eye. ‘Be careful with Vashni Korhan, she will be a useful ally on this endeavour, no doubt, but try to distance yourself from her. I can see how you look at her, but relationships between elves and humans seldom end well. They are as different to us as we are different to the beasts in the field.’
‘Well, maybe... I do find her both interesting and frustrating in equal measure.’
‘I suspect this is precisely her intention. I suggest you avoid speaking to her and do not allow yourself to become a source of amusement for her.’
Korhan gave a soft grunt of agreement, almost to himself, then rode on in silence.
Harald was riding alongside Brael, trotting quietly along when he turned to the gravian. ‘Did you not sleep at all last night Brael?’
Brael shrugged. ‘I do not need much sleep Northman. In truth, yesterday morning I did not expect to survive the day. I appreciated the basic state of “being alive” enough that tiredness did not compel me to sleep.’
‘I still can’t understand why the Berger of Trest intended to execute you, when your crime at worst, seemed to be “stealing apples”.’
Brael smirked. ‘The Berger of Trest does not like gravians, I would of course be justified in accusing him of being an evil tyrant; from my perspective this would seem true... Though, many of the townspeople would disagree. His troops are well paid and equipped; he gives alms to the poor and tries to do the best for his people.’
Harald shuddered at the nonchalance of Brael’s response. ‘He was going to behead you! For nothing!’
‘Nothing? You are naive indeed if you think that is the truth Harald, son of Korvak. The fact is, as despicable as it may be, some of the people of Trest, would’ve found the spectacle of watching a dark elf beheaded in the town square extremely entertaining. I am sure the Berger would’ve enjoyed the entertainment, but also that his decision to execute me was made at least partly for the entertainment of the townspeople. You are an honourable man Harald, but I am sure most people in this world are not unfortunately, and many take pleasure in others misfortune.’
Harald looked disgusted. ‘Men’s lives should not be ended, for the entertainment of the masses.’
‘True. However I think this will continue to happen in towns like Trest, where the administrator of the town is as amoral as the townspeople.’
‘It would not happen in my homeland, the rolling plains of Kushak or the open steppes of Silavria.’
Brael chuckled. ‘Maybe... I think the sort of mindset which allows such atrocities to happen, breeds better in towns, after all to dwell in such filth and corruption. How long can one live there without becoming corrupt oneself?’
Harald nodded. ‘True, we share one opinion gravian, I would never choose live in a town or city, wallowing in filth and risking disease and pestilence every day.’
Brael raised an eyebrow to this statement. ‘Human towns and cities may be thus, but it is not so in the underdeep. Durth Orza is a magnificent, clean city where waste is disposed of in a neat and orderly fashion, where disease and pestilence are rare or unheard of. I hear Cormaroth, the capital of the Empire is similarly “clean” though I have never seen it.’
Harald stroked his beard thoughtfully. ‘Aye, Cormaroth is an exception to the rule, though even fine Cormaroth has its slums and shanties outside the city walls. Of course Empress Jade ordered the possible locations of slums and shanties restricted, they are well hidden from the entrance by which traders and nobles enter.’
‘Have you spent much time in Cormaroth northman?’
‘A little, I spend as little time in cities as possible; I do not like to dwell in one place for too long.’
During these conversations Votrex was riding alongside Silus. Silus, despite his anxiety at the presence of the magical races, was finding Votrex, a dwarf, a preferable riding companion to the elves, particularly as Korhan seemed to be becoming more and more captivated by the elf. He couldn’t understand the Northman in that respect, to Silus she seemed alien and sinister, her motives, how she thought, were completely unfathomable to Silus. He turned to the dwarf. ‘Votrex, Saul called you Gorthok of Durgheim Holt. What does that mean?’
Votrex looked troubled at the mention of his title, and he spoke with a hint of unease. ‘Gorthok, hmmm, Gorthok means something like “chief engineer” and Durgheim Holt is the mine of my ancestors.’
Silus frowned. ‘Mine?  Your family are miners?’
Votrex chuckled. ‘More or less all dwarves are miners, though to dwarves a mine is more than a place to extract minerals, a mine is also a home.’
‘Will you return to Durgheim Holt after this task is complete?’
‘I... I do not know. Durgheim Holt is sealed off in some way, my clan, the Vanguard are inside, yet I cannot enter. I was out of the mine, visiting a neighbouring Holt, on behalf of my father Garric, for trade negotiations, when I returned the mine seemed to be sealed by magic and nothing I have been able to try will break the seal.’
Silus trotted along in silence for a few moments. ‘I’m sorry... It’s a cruel twist of fate to lose a home and a family in one stroke.’
Votrex sighed. ‘What of you Silus Mendelson, how did you come to become a fabled dragon slayer?’
Silus shrugged. ‘I am not from a line of famous warriors. My family were farmers; I come from Velth, a small village to the north of Cormaroth. Farming was not for me, so I joined the imperial army. The pay was good, lodgings and provisions were provided, in truth we did not have to do much fighting, the odd bandit camp, some patrolling, of course all that changed when the dragon came to light...’
As the party rode on, Vashni snapped her reins and trotted along until she was alongside Korhan again. He glanced over his shoulder, a little surprised to see her sharp featured smiling face approaching. ‘Lady Vashni.’
‘Barbarian...’
He sighed. ‘My name is Korhan, lady Vashni.’
She smirked at this. ‘I am aware of that, but I shall call you barbarian, thank you very much. I have been thinking about your request... For me to teach you to defend yourself against “whispering”, and I have decided I shall offer to teach you. The lessons will be hard, and in training you, I will make you look foolish. I shall make you feel extremely uncomfortable at times, and you will put yourself completely at my mercy. Would you still like me to train you?’
Korhan's eyes lit up, he struggled to conceal his excitement. ‘Yes! I will do whatever it takes.’
She smiled. ‘Good... In that case I name you my apprentice. You will do as I ask without question; you will ride a respectful distance behind me, unless I wish to tutor you. Whenever we stop you will attend to my horse’s needs, my provisions and prepare my bed before seeing to your own needs. If you wish to address me, you will address me as Mir§a Vashni and bow your head. I cannot promise that you will succeed, but if I deem you incapable of learning, then I will release you from my service and you will no longer my Ri§ine.’
Korhan listened, squirming in his saddle as he did. What she was proposing sounded rather demeaning. He suspected she was ‘messing with him’ again, purely for her amusement, but at the same time it sounded plausible that this was a part of elvish culture, and that though she was subjecting him to it for her amusement, she was genuine in her offer to train his mind. He looked her in the eye. ‘Lady Vashni.’
‘Mir§a Vashni you mean...’
He groaned. ‘Mir§a Vashni, is this ridiculous arrangement necessary? Can you not simply teach me and have done with?’
She sat up straight in her saddle. ‘No, it is not “necessary”, but the arrangement amuses me, therefore it is my price for training you. This is however, how an elvish ‘Mir§a, Ri§ine’ relationship normally works... Though in truth the Ri§ine would normally be a child and the adult mentor, the Mir§a would be expected to beat the Ri§ine at regular intervals to instil respect and obedience in them. In our relationship, I will not take you over my knee, the price for being trained is to become my “Ri§ine”. Failure in your duties will not result in a beating, it will result in the end of our relationship and your training. To train your mind is not a quick task, at the moment your mind is like a wet sponge, leaking stray thoughts all over the place, porous and open to suggestion. If you are to defend yourself against mental attacks and become resistant to “whispering” and more, then I shall have to carefully mould, shape and strengthen it, while teaching you to fortify and use your willpower. This will take a long time, longer than our quest will last I’m afraid. If you find you cannot submit to the demands of the ‘Mir§a, Ri§ine’ relationship, then we will part and go our separate ways. If you can, and wish me to train your mind, then after our quest is complete, you will accompany me wherever I choose to go.’
Korhan rode along in silence for a few moments, to Vashni’s amusement.  Vashni sat up straight in her saddle smirking smugly to herself as Korhan considered his options. Eventually Korhan turned to her and bowed his head. ‘Mir§a Vashni, I accept you as my mentor.’
Vashni’s smugness seemed to grow, almost to a look of triumph. She was clearly amused by this turn of events. ‘Good... Ri§ine, I will now give you an exercise to practise as you ride along. The moment we stop, I will test you. I want you focus on what you are doing, the reins in your fingers, the rocking of your hips on the saddle, your breaths, in and out. No stray thoughts! Do not let your mind wander; remain focused on the task at hand. Riding a horse at a steady trot is a simple task, but the simplicity makes the task all the harder to remain focused on.  Practise this, then I will test your willpower and mental strength when we dismount.’
Korhan bowed his head and began to drop back a little. ‘Yes Mir§a Vashni.’
He dropped back at first, matching her speed and riding at a respectful distance; giving the outward appearance that he was her servant. As he did, he tried to restrict his thoughts to what he was doing. The lesson sounded simple, but in fact keeping his mind tethered to the task of riding seemed almost impossible.
The strange events going on between Vashni and Korhan did not go unnoticed to the others. Harald dropped back to fall in alongside Saul. ‘What in Ishar’s name is that fool up to?’
Saul smirked. ‘Making an idiot of himself... I do not know beyond that. I have tried to warn him. The ways of the fair folk are alien to us and he would do best to keep his relationship with Vashni professional. I fear he has chosen to ignore my advice and if anything seems to wish to grow closer to her.’
Harald glanced at Korhan and rolled his eyes, then trotted to the front. Meanwhile Saul slowed his horse to drop back, level with Korhan. ‘Korhan, what in Ishar’s name are you doing?’
Korhan scowled at him for breaking his concentration. ‘I am trying to better myself wizard!’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘Would you care to explain yourself?’
Korhan sighed. ‘I was disconcerted when she was able to subdue me so easily yesterday. I have asked her to teach me to resist this kind of magic and she has agreed.’
‘Kind of magic?’
‘They call this “whispering” she seems to think she can train me, so I am giving her the chance. I have agreed to become her Ri§ine in return for her teaching me to resist mental attacks and “whispering”.’
Saul laughed at this. ‘Her Ri§ine? There’s no direct translation in our language, but by agreeing to this, you realise you are more or less agreeing for her to treat you as a child, or as a servant and chastise you at will?’
Korhan glared at Saul. ‘I realise, but this is her price and I believe it is a price worth paying.’ Saul shrugged. ‘At that, you may be right, the elves are truly the masters of magic and mental prowess... Just be sure she doesn’t make too much of a fool out of you.’
At that Saul trotted back towards the front of the group. Smirking to himself at the situation Korhan seemed to have fallen into. Brael noticed his obvious mirth and snapped his reins, speeding his steed up to join the wizard. ‘What amuses you so wizard?’
Saul, smiled. ‘It seems, my grey skinned friend... That Korhan has volunteered to become Vashni’s Ri§ine, in exchange for her tutelage in the art of mental defence.’
Brael did not burst into laughter, though he had to hold back a tiny, wry smile from forming on his lips. ‘Interesting... Of little consequence though, there is no magical bond forcing him into his servitude. If he becomes unhappy with the situation he is free to end his servitude. Tis a pity my curse is still present, I would have been able to train him in mental defence without forcing him to endure this somewhat degrading treatment. I only hope she does not abuse his trust. She seems as frivolous and care-free as any elf I ever met and suspect that at least part of her motives in this, are surely for pure amusement.’
The riders continued on their way, Korhan trying to continue his mental exercise, though with some difficulty. Keeping one’s stray thoughts under control was far easier said, than actually done. Vashni did not offer him any assistance; instead she rode a few feet ahead of him allowing him to continue his attempts in solitude.
Conversations bounced back and forth, the group rearranged itself several times, allowing them to get to know one another better. Korhan for his part avoided speaking to the others, focusing on his task instead. Vashni likewise kept herself to herself. As the afternoon wore on, the shadows started to grow longer. A cool breeze whipped up, rustling the leaves on the forest floor and howling through the branches overhead.
In time the group came to large area of cleared forest. A rushing but narrow river passed through the clearing. A small timber frame mill sat on the side of the river, its water wheel turning in the fast flowing water. Animals were penned in on a grassed area, a short distance from the mill and crops were growing in a field to the north. Saul raised his voice above the sound of the gushing water to address the group. ‘We should stop here, rest the horses and try to procure provisions.’ This was met with a murmur of agreement and the riders rode up to the mill. As the party dismounted and tied their horses up against a fence, Korhan found himself taking Vashni’s reins, much to her amusement and tying both their horses up, before filling nose-bags with feed and fitting them to both horses.
Saul, Votrex, Silus, Harald and Brael walked towards the mill while Vashni sat herself down on a large rock protruding from the earth. As Korhan approached, she pointed to the floor. ‘Come Ri§ine, sit and tell me how you found this morning's exercise.’
Korhan went to sit on the rock alongside her, but before he could plant himself down she raised a palm to him. ‘No Ri§ine, I would like you to sit on the floor, remember our bargain, no questions?’
Korhan paused, looked at the patch of ground in front of her and obediently took his seat cross-legged on the floor, looking up to her. ‘My apologies Mir§a Vashni... I found the task... Difficult... To maintain focus on something so mundane as riding a horse, to the exclusion of all other thoughts is not easy.’
She leaned forwards looking down at him. ‘No it is not, but it is a good exercise to practise, if I am to improve your mental discipline.  Now Ri§ine, shuffle closer, sit at my feet and bow your head to me, I am going to invade your mind, your task is to expel me as quickly as possible.’
Korhan slid towards the large rock so he was sitting cross-legged at her feet, she leaned forwards and pressed her finger tips onto his temples gently. As he felt her fingers caress his temples he sensed an alien presence enter his mind. He was immediately overcome; Vashni was probing his mind, with curiosity, exploring memories past, and memories of thoughts about the future. He tried to shut the memories down.  In seconds he’d lost all sense of his physical being and was trying, but failing completely to stop her storming around his mind unhindered. Having his mind invaded in this way was a truly strange, almost brutal experience. She stumbled upon memories of his childhood, watching his father work the forge... Killing a wolf which was attacking his father’s flock with a short sword, when he had seen little more than ten winters. He tried to force her out, but her invading mind was like an immovable force rampaging through his head. She then stormed on through more of his memories, his opinions, at each turn he tried to push her out, helplessly. He was internally almost in tears as she wandered through his innermost thoughts and feelings. She dwelt for some time on his memories of only the previous day when they had first met. This he was desperate to hide from her, not wanting her to know how he... Desired her... But again he was helpless to prevent her gleaning every ounce of truth and emotion from the memory.
Eventually she withdrew and pulled her hands away from his temples. ‘Ri§ine, you did not expel me at all, I had complete freedom in your mind. I could have planted or altered memories and opinions at will, your mind is extraordinarily weak.  I am glad I explored it thoroughly though, I know and understand the full depth and scope of your desire for me... I want to make myself clear right from the start, there is no future for us Ri§ine. I shall never take you to my bed. The best you can expect from our time together is for the continuation of our Mir§a, Ri§ine relationship... Are we clear? Do you accept this?’
Korhan sighed, he hadn’t wanted her to know about his feelings for her and he’d never expected her to reciprocate his feelings. However already he was convinced he could learn from her and that he wanted to continue this bizarre relationship, ‘I understand Mir§a Vashni, and I accept it.’
‘Good. Now stand up, the time has come to test your willpower. Offer me your ear, that I may whisper to you, then try to resist.’
Gingerly Korhan rose to his feet, then offered his ear to Vashni, who whispered into it, her words as smooth as silk, sliding up and down the range of possible tone and reverberating right through him. ‘§ara Shoriuda di§airm §uisquira shom.’
Without thinking, almost unaware that he was doing so, Korhan knelt down at her feet and kissed her suede boot. As he was doing so he sensed her chortling at his obedience and heard the others gasp as they exited the mill to watch him perform this humiliating act. However, despite his displeasure, he found himself unable to resist. Once he’d kissed her outstretched suede boot he stood and glared at her. She giggled. ‘I told you I would make you look foolish Ri§ine. We will repeat this exercise, amongst others, until such time as I can whisper the instruction to you, and you do not kneel before me and kiss my boot. You should treat the degrading nature of the instruction as an incentive for you to work harder to resist. When we return to the saddle, I want you to repeat this morning’s exercise, keeping your mind focused on what you are doing, and clear of stray thoughts.’
‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni.’
The miller and his wife had been only too happy to refill the saddlebags of the party with bread, cured meat, fruit and other provisions, including oats for the horses. The offer of gold, Saul’s gold meant they would not need to perform their usual weekly trip to the nearby market at Briem. Of course, initially the sight of a dwarf, a dark elf, a grizzled veteran, a barbarian and a wizard had caused him to reach for his halberd. Once Saul had explained the situation and produced his coin purse, it brought a pronounced sigh of relief. While Vashni was outside exploring Korhan’s mind the rest of the group had been inside, being given tea by the miller’s wife while the miller gathered their goods together. As they sat and drank, the miller’s wife warned them to beware of bandits who had been operating in the area recently. When they finally exited to see Korhan, a mighty Silavrian warrior kneeling at the feet of the elven maiden clad all in black, kissing her boot, there were gasps of astonishment, followed by chuckles all around, except from Brael.
Saul looked at Brael. ‘What is-‘
‘This is normal practice when learning to resist whispering. The whisper is often undesirable in some way, but ultimately harmless. Even the strongest of mind fail at their first attempt. It will be interesting to see how much success she enjoys, in training my Avil’s mind.’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘Avil?’
‘Avil means simply “the one to whom I am deeply indebted” or something to that effect. Come, the horses are rested, and loaded, we should follow the road to Briem now, if we are headed to the foot of the Sky-Cleavers.’
Votrex overheard the conversation and as he mounted he grunted to Brael. ‘Humph! I doubt you’d catch me kissing her boot, whatever she “whispered” to me.’
As he took up his reins Brael nodded. ‘You may be right Master dwarf, the dwarves are renowned for being particularly resistant to enchantment and for having iron willpower.’
As they prepared to ride, more eyebrows were raised at Korhan removing Vashni’s horse’s nosebag, untying the steed and leading it to her before sorting out his own horse. She leapt silently into the saddle, and began to trot. Korhan having sorted out his horse; took up his place, a respectful distance behind her. The scenes unfolding were baffling Harald more than anyone.
He lingered, allowing the others to ride ahead, then rode up alongside Korhan. ‘Brother, what in Ishar’s name do you think you’re doing, playing handmaiden to the elf?’
Korhan shuddered at the insult. ‘She has agreed to train me in the ways of mental defence, her price is that I act as a sort of “apprentice” to her.’
Harald screwed his face up. ‘You’re a warrior, not a magician, why do you need to hone your so called “mental defences” anyway?’
‘You do not understand, yesterday, after she’d sent the Berger of Trest on his way and we tussled, she did something to me. When she suddenly overpowered me? I wish to be able to prevent others from the doing the same.’
Harald laughed. ‘Hah! She’s making a fool out of you! Are you sure you can trust her?’
‘She is a strange one I grant you. I cannot understand her, but I do trust her. Given time, I believe she can teach me and I will be less susceptible to sorcery, and less likely to fall under the blade of foes who have skills in mental warfare.’
Harald paused for a moment and sighed. ‘I hope you know what you’re doing Korhan son of Brian, for I fear she is simply abusing your trust and making you look foolish... I suppose if you trust her, then that is your choice... Be careful though Korhan, and beware of allowing your lust for her to impair your judgement.’
‘Lust?’
‘You’re even more fool than you look if you think it hasn’t escaped everyone's notice... The way your eyes constantly stray towards her, the way you hang on her every word when she speaks... Do not let her make a fool of you Korhan son of Brian.’
The road from the mill eventually joined the main road, where the dried up mud was more churned up than the track down to the mill. Deep ruts caused by cartwheels criss-crossed over the road.


Chapter 6
~
Bandits

As they rode the muddy track, without warning Vashni snapped her reins and urged her horse to trot up alongside Saul, then she leaned over to him. ‘Saul Karza, I thought you might be interested to know this, but a band of brigands are hiding in the bushes about half a league from here. I suspect they are aware we are approaching and are preparing an ambush.’
Saul looked at the elf, whose expression gave the impression that she found this situation not a cause for concern, but mildly amusing. ‘How do you know this mistress elf?’
‘They are smelly, and noisy... They have heard our hoof beats and are busy stringing bows as I speak.’
Saul groaned, there was no easy way around, despite the skill of the party they would not fare well against an ambush of archers. Saul considered his options, gallop past? Attempt to fight them? It seemed likely they would be seeking coin, in which case paying them off might be the obvious action least risky to the mission. ‘Lady Vashni, raise your hood and try to conceal yourself at the back of the group. I will try to pay them off, explain to the others what is happening.’
She glared at him, showing her disdain. ‘Pay them off? Our party is setting out to slay an almost invulnerable, mythical beast, yet we allow ourselves to be bested by a mere band of brigands?’
‘I do not wish to risk injury to any of our party, a little coin is of small consequence, I have the bulk of our available gold well concealed. The gold in my coin purse should placate them, and paying them off, will hinder our progress less than any other action.’
‘As you wish master wizard... Though I fear this will prove to be a poor decision.’
With that Vashni pulled her hood up high over her head, hiding her face and allowed her horse to fall back in the group. Brael had already alerted the others as to the danger, when Vashni explained Saul’s plan and reasoning, it was met with some contempt. Harald, Korhan and Votrex complained most vocally about their distaste at ‘giving in’ to brigands, but they understood Saul’s logic. A stray arrow might injure or kill even the greatest warrior. The forest was thick in dense bramble and undergrowth at the side of the road, making circumventing the ambush difficult at best.
The horses trotted on. Vashni, now with her face covered and trying to remain inconspicuous, rode near the back with Korhan close behind, the mood becoming tenser and tenser. The road turned up a hill and approached a short wooden bridge, which seemed to cross the river, which would wind its way around before arriving at the mill where they had procured provisions. As soon as the entire group had trotted onto the bridge, four bandits leapt out in front of the horses, bows drawn and arrows nocked, three more jumped out behind, sandwiching the companions on the bridge.
The man who appeared to be the leader, aimed his bow at Saul, who had purposefully put himself in a position where he would appear to be the leader. ‘Well, well... What have we here? Trespassers? On our toll bridge? Keep your hands away from your weapons!’
Saul smiled at the man. ‘A toll bridge? How unfortunate that the Berger of Briem has forgotten to put a notice up to warn road users that this is a toll bridge... It matters not, what is the “toll”? We shall pay and be on our way.’
The man, edging closer with the bow gave a sinister cackle. ‘Everything you’ve got I reckon. Hand over your coin purse while I check your saddlebags, that you haven’t forgotten any loose coins.’
Saul reached for his coin purse with care, then handed it over. The leader took the purse and started patting the saddlebags of the horses for the tell-tale jangle of coin. As the leader went about, Vashni desperately tried to stay inconspicuous.   When he got to Brael, the bandit glared at him with suspicion, spending longer patting his saddlebags than he did the saddlebags of the others. After satisfying himself he had collected all the coin from the horses his attention was drawn to the shadowy rider with their hood hanging low. Having seen the gravian and the dwarf, his curiosity was peaked.  If not for their presence, Vashni may have gone unnoticed.
Stepping back he gestured towards Vashni. ‘Who’s the assassin? Pull back your hood cut throat.’
Saul glared at the man. ‘In case you haven’t noticed, we are not mere travellers or market traders. Up to this point we have been willing to hand over our gold without a fight, in order to allow us to continue our mission with haste. Pursue this line of enquiry, and I may change my priorities.’
The bandit leader grinned at Saul showing a mouth full of black and yellow teeth. ‘What are you old man, a wizard? We’ve got so many bows trained on you, you’d all be dead before you were out of the saddle or could utter a spell... I ask again, remove your hood assassin.’
Saul tried to hide his growing concern. ‘Sir, this is a noble under my protection. I have some more gold coins magically concealed. If you allow us to leave in peace; I will give you an additional one hundred gold pieces.’
The bandit chuckled to himself. ‘Good of you to say old man but-’
At that moment Vashni pulled back her hood, revealing her flowing blonde hair, sharp features and tall pointed ears. ‘Enough! You have our gold and I have revealed myself to you; now step aside and let us be on our way.’
The bandits all gasped; the presence of the gravian and the dwarf had been shock enough, but an elf also... ‘Well, well... Haven’t we made just the perfect find here... A dwarf, a gravian, an elf, and their escort. I don’t know who you are, but I’d wager my lions share that you are all important, important enough to warrant a handsome ransom perhaps? Kidnapping is not normally my game, but if three of the fabled magical races are not worth a king’s ransom, then I do not know what would be. Dismount elf, and come here that I may bind your hands.’ At that point he turned to his comrades. ‘Keep an eye on the elf, if she tries anything, shoot her, forget my safety, any sign of reaching for weapons or spellcraft, kill them all.’
Vashni groaned and slipped off her horse. Votrex and Harald exchanged nervous glances; Korhan looked at Saul pleadingly, questioningly, as if to say ‘What now?’ Silus cast his eyes around for signs of an easy escape or anything to help their situation. Only Brael, the dark elf seemed to keep his composure. When Vashni offered her wrists to be bound, the leader swirled his finger in the air gesturing for her to turn. ‘Behind your back elf, and open your mouth, I think we’ll take the precaution of gagging you. After all we don’t want you uttering a spell do we?’ Until this point Vashni had looked composed, confident. Now she seemed panicked, but before she could do anything he was binding her wrists with a length of twine he’d been concealing about his person. When she opened her mouth to whisper to him he grabbed her, clamping a hand hard over her mouth and tying a gag tight around her neck.
One of the others glared at Brael. ‘The same goes for you gravian, open your mouth to utter a spell and I put an arrow in your belly.’ Brael nodded understanding. The horses were led off the path, through the trees. The leader was pushing Vashni forwards, on occasion so roughly, she fell on her face, while he led Saul’s horse. The others followed; the bandits’ bows trained on them all the time.
In time the party had been led to the bandits’ camp, about half a mile away from the road in a deep gully. Ramshackle huts littered a clearing, and surrounded a well-used fire pit, with a steep cliff of granite dominating one side. Throughout the short trip, the companions had all been within their own heads running “what if” scenarios, trying to work out a way of escaping unharmed. Embarrassingly, none of them could think of anything. Only Brael seemed calm. When they stopped, the archers surrounded the group. At the same time the leader was dragging Vashni to one of the huts, calling over his shoulder in a mocking tone. ‘I reckon I’ll have some fun with this one. So long as I don’t damage her too much, it shouldn’t affect her value.’ Vashni was clearly in fear now; she made muffled cries through the gag as he dragged her forcefully into the hut.
The companions began glancing at each other’s faces in desperation now.  Brael however caught Korhan’s eye and gave him a knowing look. Six archers surrounded them. Korhan glanced across at Silus, then his spear and the archer who had an arrow trained on him.
What happened next was almost a blur; Brael manoeuvred himself in such a way that only the one bandit training an arrow on him had him in sight. He moved in such a way that it appeared his horse was getting restless. Once positioned, Brael locked his eyes onto the bandit nervously pointing a bow at him. Out of sight to most of the group, he reached carefully into his pockets with both hands and withdrew the tiny wooden darts he’d spent the night whittling the previous night. When he threw them, his arms were a blur, almost imperceptible to the human eye. At exactly the same time the man holding him in his sights screamed, dropped his bow and clamped his hands over his eyes.
This diverted the attention of the others for just a second. In that second, Silus hefted his short spear and flung it with all his might at the man guarding him. The spears flight was true and it pierced its target right through the heart. During this commotion, Korhan, Harald and Votrex all leapt from their saddles, drawing their weapons as they landed.  At this point arrows were released, one slammed into Harald’s shoulder causing him to grunt in pain and his arm to go limp, another pierced Korhan’s horse in the flank, causing it to whinny and panic, charging off and almost knocking Korhan over.  Their arrows released, the four bandits were too close to risk taking the time to nock another arrow, so they drew their short swords. Despite the arrow protruding from his shoulder, Harald was the first into the fray, his limp arm meant he could not wield his battle axe, instead he launched it at his target with a clumsy throw. The weapon clanged off the bandit harmlessly, but bought Harald enough time to step forwards and grab the bandit’s sword arm and plant a heavy head butt square on his opponent’s nose, causing an explosion of blood. The man went down, and as he hit the floor Harald stamped all his weight onto the bandit’s throat, ending his life.
Silus was on the floor too, his sword drawn. Korhan's opponent had tried to get the first attack in, swinging fast at Korhan’s midriff. The barbarian was too fast though, turning his body and raising the handle of his great sword while dropping the blade. The clang of blade on blade rang out through the clearing; it was followed by the dull thud of Korhan's sword meeting bandit’s neck after he’d whipped the mighty blade around in an arc at neck height. The following sound was the soft rumble of a head rolling through the brown leaves, picking them up on the sticky dismembered stump where the head had connected with the body. As the decapitated corpse lolled forwards Korhan stepped aside and started jogging towards the shack.
The brigand facing Votrex tried to use his greater height to his advantage, with a wild overhead swing. Votrex instead of parrying the blow skipped forwards and swung his axe with all his might, straight at his foe’s knees.  The blow cleaved one leg asunder and almost severed the second, sending the man screaming, tumbling onto the floor with a thump. As he hit the ground Votrex’s axe twisted, rose, and fell, beheading his foe.
As this transpired, Brael slid off his horse, and drew his sword, dispatching his adversary who had his hands clamped over his eyes, with a straight thrust, clean through the heart. Only then did the hands recede, revealing two wooden darts sticking out of the eye sockets, the eyeballs destroyed.
As Silus had dismounted, his attacker had charged in, short sword meeting short sword with a flurry of slashes, thrusts and parries, driving the veteran back.  Silus feinted to one side, then, when the bandit raised his sword arm for a high slash to the neck, Silus switched his footing, stepped in grabbing the man’s sword arm and slid his sword clean through his attacker’s trunk. He twisted his blade in the bandit’s belly; his opponent grunted in pain and slumped forwards dropping his sword and clutching his wounded stomach. He lay whimpering and groaning on the ground for a few moments before his life finally ebbed away.
Another wild arrow had just nicked Saul’s cloak, but passed through harmlessly. Saul left his saddle and glanced around at the corpses. All eyes raised to see Korhan fling open the door of the ramshackle cabin open. They rushed over.
The bandit leader and Vashni were sprawled on a rough hay stuffed bed together. It looked like the leader had tried to start removing her clothes by force. Korhan grunted and raised his sword, ready to behead the leader... Then he paused. Something was wrong... The bandit chief had a haunted expression on his face, and Vashni appeared a little vacant. When the others stormed in Korhan looked up. Brael, raised a palm to Korhan. ‘Stop! She is in his head! Killing him now may cause her great harm.’
Korhan lowered his bloodied sword. ‘What must we do?’
At that point Vashni gasped through her gag. Korhan threw his sword down and began frantically removing her gag and untying her hands. She was taking deep, heavy breaths and appeared to be in some discomfort. The bandit leader lay still on the bed, drool seeping from his mouth, tears rolling from his eyes.
Votrex scowled, disgusted at the sight. ‘Gah! What did you do to him elf?’
Vashni glanced up. ‘He was trying to... Urgh! I entered his mind and began attacking it. Weakening it first by shifting his perception, so that he felt that he was both the aggressor, and at the same time, the one about to be violated. As his mental defences were breached, I tore at his memories, his identity, his mind… He was weak, but to enter a mind so disgusting, so vile! I fear I shall never feel clean again.’ 
Saul stepped forwards. ‘Are you unhurt?’
She nodded. ‘The bandits?’
Harald answered, through gritted teeth, while gripping his protruding arrow. ‘Dead.’
Vashni rose shakily to her feet. ‘Good. I take it we sustained no other casualties?’
Korhan shook his head and offered his arm for her to grab, but she simply scowled at him and ignored it. As they left the bandit’s hut, Korhan looked around for his horse. ‘My steed took an arrow, I had better go and search for him.’
Vashni, listened for a few seconds then pointed. ‘That way, he rests now. Fetch him, and bring him back to me, while I tend to Harald.’
Harald by this stage had sat down, his back against a tree, panting hard, grimacing in pain. Silus had fetched a flask of mead and after pulling Harald’s furs clear, used some mead to clean the area of the wound. He then gave the flask to Harald. Vashni strode towards him, with Saul, Votrex and Brael in her wake. ‘Step aside dragon slayer, let me tend to him.’
Silus looked up at her with deep suspicion. ‘What are you going to do elf?’
‘I’m going to drink his blood and suck out his soul.’
‘Very funny witch!’
She ignored him and leaned close to Harald. ‘Harald, will you let me tend your wound?’
Silus piped up again. ‘Don’t trust her!’
She sighed. ‘Harald, if you let me, I can heal your wound and make sure it doesn’t get infected.’ 
Harald nodded. ‘Do it.’ Silus muttered under his breath, rose and stormed off.
Vashni pulled Harald’s damaged furs away from the wound and studied it carefully. Saul, Votrex and Brael watched from a distance. As she studied the wound, Brael whispered into Saul’s ear. ‘You may find this interesting wizard, she is going to attempt to whisper the arrow and contaminants out, then whisper the wound closed. ‘
Sure enough Vashni lowered her face to his wound and started whispering in a quiet, caring sounding, almost inaudible tone.  Harald grimaced in pain and started panting hard as the arrow, seemingly of its own accord started reversing out of his flesh. Her whispering became more intense, almost coaxing and Harald yelled in agony, then the arrow tip slid clear and fell onto the floor. Rust, muck and blood continued to ooze from the wound as she whispered, after a while the flesh started to knit together before their eyes, a few moments later the hole had been replaced by a neat, pink scar in a perfect line. She continued to whisper for some time, while Harald grunted and groaned, then as she finished he let out a long sigh.
Harald flexed his hand and tested his arm; it felt weak, tired, but not damaged. He gaped at her in wonder. ‘That was amazing... How did you perform this feat?’
Vashni smiled weakly at him and rose. ‘I didn’t actually do much. I simply instructed your body to push out the impurities and knit itself together... That’s why you are a little tired. Your damaged nerves and muscles are mended though, your skin is sealed and you are clear of infection, apart from the scar you are almost healed.’
Harald, almost speechless in amazement, smiled at her. ‘Thank you Lady Vashni.’
Korhan appeared at that point leading his limping horse into the clearing. A now rather tired looking Vashni approached the horse, placed her mouth near the wound and started to whisper. Eventually the horse became more restless, making Korhan struggle to control it, the arrow fell out in time and the horses wound healed. Korhan shook his head in amazement. ‘Tis an amazing ability Mir§a Vashni to whisper wounds together.’
 She smiled at him weakly. ‘Ri§ine Korhan, whispering the wounds together would not help when doing this, you must whisper all the contaminants out first, and when the wound is closed, there may still be nerves and muscles damaged beneath the surface, which need whispering together. Healing with the art of whispering is a difficult skill. Now Ri§ine Korhan…’ Her voice dropped to a low whisper. ‘§ara Shoriuda di§airm §uisquira shom...’
Korhan recognised the words, but barely heard them. They bypassed his conscious mind and commanded his very being. He could feel himself kneeling in front of her and though he resisted, and tried to disobey, he leaned forwards and kissed her suede boot, much to the amusement of the others. When he’d finished he rose and glared at her, his face full of anger. ‘Wha-’
‘ Ri§ine Korhan, if you wish to gain mental discipline and strength you need to be prepared to defend yourself from mental attacks at any time... Remember, no questions? I will continue whispering this to you without warning until you resist the phrase instinctively.’
Korhan bowed his head to her. ‘Yes Mir§a Vashni.’
She pointed to the floor. ‘Wait here Ri§ine.’ Then she walked over to Saul. ‘Master Wizard, after invading that foul rodent of a man’s mind, I need to bathe. I feel dirty all over. I hear a waterfall, a short distance from here. Wait here, with the others and search the bandits camp. I will take my Ri§ine to attend to me, but we shall return in a short while.’
Saul smirked at this. ‘Yes lady Vashni, I need to retrieve my coin purse anyway.’ He then went to organise the others, though Harald was still resting.
Vashni led her horse past Korhan. ‘Come Ri§ine, you will attend to me while I bathe.’ Korhan smiled to himself at this, thinking his luck was in. She was thin, unnaturally thin but athletic. She didn’t have the curves or voluptuous shape of a human woman but her beauty, though alien, was something Korhan found attractive, almost exotic.
Korhan allowed his horse to rest with the others; they led Vashni’s white steed to the waterfall and tied it to a nearby tree. Vashni rummaged in her saddlebags, eventually coming away with a soft, towel of an unfamiliar material and some soap. Happy that she’d got all she needed she started walking down towards a large flat rock that joined the earth and the waters edge, beckoning over her shoulder with her finger. ‘Follow Ri§ine.’ Korhan followed her until they were standing on the large flat rock.  She beckoned him closer with her finger. ‘Lend me your ear Ri§ine.’ He leaned forwards and she whispered in his ear. ‘Ri§ine, §hui abelk o§u §inair§a rai.’
Korhan helpless to stop himself found himself closing his eyes. ‘Mir§a Vashni!’
‘Shhh... I do not wish to expose myself to you Ri§ine, you will keep your eyes closed until such time as I have finished. Now hold out your hands.’ The soft towel landed in one of his hands, the towel was soft and fibrous – and of an unfamiliar material. Next he heard her undressing, removing her boots, her cloak, her leggings and her shirt. As she removed each piece she would whisper something.
Korhan, unsettled by being forced to remain in darkness, asked her. ‘Mir§a Vashni, what are you whispering?’
She chuckled. ‘I am just talking to myself, do not concern yourself.’
‘Your words sound like “whispering” Mir§a Vashni!?’
‘I am not “whispering”, there is no intent there. I am just talking idly to myself, in the language of the ancients. You will hold my clothes Ri§ine.’  He felt clothes being placed into his spare hand, first her leather and suede over-clothes then soft, silky material that seemed to be intricately embroidered with lace or something similar...
He knew by the texture and weight, these had to be her undergarments.
As soon as she’d loaded his hands up she began humming to herself as she skipped off to the small waterfall. The darkness was overpowering. He tried to resist the whisper, to open his eyes, but it felt like they were sealed shut, or like he no longer had eyes. Instead he was left helplessly standing still, acting as her clothes rack while she frolicked in the water laughing and splashing.  He longed to open his eyes, not to spy on her naked beauty, but just because being blind in broad daylight gave him a sense of extreme vulnerability.
After she’d washed herself thoroughly, she returned to him.  Korhan heard her soft footsteps slapping onto the smooth, water weathered rock. After Vashni had slowed and stopped next to him, Korhan felt her grab the towel from his hand. He then heard her towelling herself off vigorously as she hummed. The ruffling and rubbing continued for some time, Korhan, frustratingly, was only able to imagine her thoroughly towelling her naked body off. In but a few moments, she was more or less dry, having only to towel her hair for a spell to be completely dry.  She then replaced the now damp towel in her saddlebag, and began pulling her undergarments from Korhan’s outstretched hands. He heard her dressing, mere feet away from him, but he saw nothing. After the undergarments she took her over clothes and he listened to the rustle of her donning her overclothes. When the rustling died down she sighed. ‘There. I feel much better Ri§ine. Shall we rejoin the others?’
Korhan, found himself disorientated and vulnerable still, his eyes locked shut.When he spoke his voice trembled. ‘Mir§a Vashni, I still cannot open my eyes.’
She laughed at this. ‘Silly me... I forgot. Hmmm, you sound quite subdued. Does being blind scare you Ri§ine?’
Korhan thought about trying to deceive her. Somehow he suspected this would not be possible. He let out a sigh and tried to hide the trembling in his voice. ‘Yes Mir§a Vashni... It does a little.’
She giggled at this. ‘Dear me my Ri§ine. You lose one sense and you are so compromised? You have more than one sense! I think an over-reliance on your sense of sight has dulled your other senses. Smell the air, and the pines, listen to the wind and the crunching of leaves under your feet. Think only of your sight and you will miss much of the beauty and interest this world has to offer. I think a spell without the gift of sight will do you good. There are places in the world, where no light can penetrate and the sense of sight is unavailable to any, even by magical means. You need to learn to use your other senses; otherwise finding yourself in peril, in these places will mean certain death. You shall spend as long as I see fit without the benefit of sight, we will continue your exercises and once I am satisfied you are making some progress, I will either remove another sense for a spell, perhaps your hearing? Or I shall restore your sight, we return to the others now. Follow me.’
Korhan tried to track her through the forest, but suddenly having to rely on sound alone made the task difficult. He could hear her crunching through the leaves. He tried moving towards her, arms outstretched.
Her voice came from another direction. ‘Over here silly! Use your ears!’
Korhan moved his head around as she spoke; eventually satisfied he set off, treading carefully and groping with his hands. Vashni giggled at him and crunched through the leaves towards him. ‘Dear me Ri§ine, I can see we’re going to have to do some work with you aren’t we? Give me your hand, I will lead you, but try to use your sense of hearing and spatial awareness.’
Her slender, soft gloved hand took his in hers and she began crunching through the leaves, leading him gently, blindly towards the others. He could not shake the uncomfortable sensation of being vulnerable, that had overcome him. ‘Mir§a Vashni, please... Let me open my eyes before we get back to the others!’
She chuckled at his trembling voice. ‘Shhh, that wouldn’t teach you much Ri§ine! Focus, concentrate, but relax, try to take in your surroundings. Do not fear. I will ensure no harm comes to you Ri§ine. Experience the forest; enjoy the sounds and smells!’
Korhan tried to relax. Being led blind through a forest by a slender, youthful, female elf that appeared to have effectively made him, a mighty warrior, into her student and servant, was a surreal situation. The very sensation of being taken care of; being cared for by someone was alien to him. Back in his village when he was growing up, he’d been expected to fend for himself to a degree almost as soon as he was strong enough to hold a weapon. Now he considered himself reduced, almost to a child-like state.  Crunching through the crisp dried leaves on the forest floor though, he did eventually find himself able to track the sound of Vashni’s feet kicking through the leaves. He gradually lowered his resistance and fear and allowed her to lead him submissively through the forest. He soon found he could hear more, he did seem to have a better grasp of his surroundings. It was almost inexplicable; sometimes he felt closed in, like the trees were tall and encroaching, other times he could somehow sense they were crossing a clearing. He even heard animals snuffling in the distance, birds singing overhead. Like it or not, the elf was right, he didn’t use all his senses to their full potential.
When they did arrive back at the camp, their companions had brought the bandit leader out of the hut and were having a heated discussion on how best to deal with him. Votrex and Brael, believed he should be set free, his mind having been effectively shredded by Vashni. Silus and Harald on the other hand wished to execute him. Saul thought taking him back to Briem to stand trial was the correct course of action.
Silus was the first to spot them returning, and the first thing he noticed was Korhan’s eyes tightly shut. He glared at Vashni. ‘What have you done to him!?’
She shrugged. ‘I am teaching my Ri§ine a lesson, I am teaching him to use more of his senses. He consents to this.’
Silus looked at Korhan. ‘Korhan?’
‘Yes, I am happy with the situation.’
Silus shook his head in disbelief. ‘You’re mad, you’re utterly mad!’ 
Saul cut in at that point. ‘Come, we must tarry no longer, we need to decide what to do with the bandit chief, whom Vashni has rendered a gibbering idiot.’
The leader was crouched down sitting, gripping his knees, rocking back and forth with a haunted, almost tortured expression on his face; seemingly unaware of what was going on around him. A long line of drool was running down from one corner of his mouth and his eyes were locked in a vacant stare.
Vashni stepped up to him. ‘He’s harmless now. Let him go.’
Harald stood, grunting because of his recovering shoulder. ‘We should kill him, let Avanti, the Spider Queen weigh his soul.’
Brael gave a subtle frown at this, which was difficult to decipher. The fact was ‘The Truth’ was weighing heavily upon him and influencing his opinion. Saul noticed his discomfort and raised an eyebrow at him. ‘Brael?’
The dark elf sighed and looked away from the newly created imbecile. ‘You cannot understand the sanctity of life. I know we’ve killed; maybe we could have avoided killing these brigands, but our own lives are too precious to allow anyone just to take them.’
Saul strode over to him. ‘You speak in riddles gravian. What do you mean?’
Before Brael could answer Votrex stepped forward. ‘Lady Elf; will this man ever recover his senses? What is his fate if we do allow him to go free?’
Vashni shook her head. ‘I cannot be certain. I did not have time to make a measured attack as I did with the Berger of Trest; I acted instinctively. I believe he will recover, though I cannot say when, it might be days or weeks, and it may be that he will never be quite the person he was before.’
Silus shuddered at her casual description of the poor wretch’s fate. ‘Urgh! You can do that to a man?  Have you no compassion?’
Vashni shook her head. ‘I will not allow anyone to bed me against my will. I warned him of the consequences; he didn’t believe me, now he has paid the price.’
Harald stepped forwards now. ‘How far is it to Briem?  If it’s not far we should take him and hand him over to the Berger. We should also check to see what ill-gotten gains the bandits have hidden here.’
Silus grinned. ‘I like your thinking Northman, they do the crime, we put their ill-gotten gains to good use.’
Harald scowled. ‘That was not what I had in mind, we should return anything we find to the Berger of Briem and ask him if he can distribute them amongst others who have been robbed.’
Korhan throughout this conversation felt like he was reduced to merely standing and listening, being so under Vashni’s control was making him increasingly uncomfortable and he started to consider ending their agreement, thus far he didn’t think she’d made much progress in training his mind to be more resistant to attack. At the back of his mind though, his deep attraction to her, despite her outright rejection of him, made him yearn to stay close to her.
Vashni began walking around the camp, leaving Korhan standing alone in darkness. After glancing at all the huts and orientating herself, she stopped and pointed at a cart parked between two huts. ‘There, I discovered their stash while invading Gedric’s mind. Pull the cart forwards, you’ll find a chest buried under dry leaves in a hole underneath it.’ Brael, Votrex and Silus walked over and started pushing, at the same time Harald took Korhan's arm and led him to the cart to pull. In a count of three they moved the cart and Silus barely saved himself from tumbling into the well concealed hole. Silus, Brael and Harald dug the dead leaves off the top and clambered into the hole. Sure enough a large iron bound chest was at the bottom. Slowly the trio hauled the huge wooden box up and out of the hole.
The box was locked of course, Saul’s first thought was to brew a potion which would destroy the lock, Silus suggested searching the bandits for a key and Harald offered to smash the lock off with his battle axe. While they were debating it though, Vashni leaned close to the lock and whispered into the keyhole on the padlock, which promptly fell open.
Saul pushed the lid up and they all peered inside. The bandits seemed to have enjoyed mainly meagre pickings. A few tiny items of jewellery languished at the bottom of the box, along with a large quantity of copper coins, with the odd silver. There were one or two gold pieces, but the total value of the contents appeared to be less than the gold Saul was carried in his coin purse. Harald reached in and stirred the contents with his fingers, giving a deep sigh. ‘It seems our friends here were not the most successful criminals in Torea.’
Saul shook his head. ‘No, it seems not. Given the hard times the Empire has fallen on, you wonder how committed these poor fools were to their criminal life? Were they criminals? Or were they just farmers, whose crops had failed and who needed an alternative way to feed their families? Perhaps those corpses lying face down in the dirt are husbands, or fathers? Husbands or fathers who will never return home, and their families will wonder what job it was they were doing that brought home a few coppers, but was so secretive? Maybe their families will believe they have abandoned them, simply because they can no longer afford to look after them.’
Silus glared at him. ‘They tried to kill us wizard!’
Saul raised an eyebrow. ‘Did they? They could have killed us on the road, I suspect. Perhaps they merely wanted to rob us, for greed, criminality, or desperation?’
Korhan, still blind, tracked the sound of the conversation and cut in. ‘And what of Vashni? Would you allow them to ravage her on a whim?’
Saul stood up. ’Only the leader made that choice and in truth maybe he, like so many, had a hatred of the magical races, and thought Vashni, as an elf, should not be afforded the rights and respect that should be afforded a human woman, though in his case I believe he was a genuinely evil man. Life, morality, right and wrong, these things can be complex. We make our choices, and kill when we have to, but I suspect it is often the case, that we kill those who do not deserve it, simply out of necessity.’
Harald nodded at this. ‘Tis true, many a brave and honourable man has died on the battlefield, for no better reason than him being on the opposing side.’
Vashni sighed. ‘The truth is, Gedric was a genuinely foul and vile man, cruel, greedy, unable to empathise. I know, I have been inside his mind. Yet as I know this, I also know he is a product of circumstances. His father died of the pox when he was but a child. His mother took in another man who abused her, and beat him – This man had no empathy, and that is what Gedric learned, to take what you require in life through violence and never to consider the feelings of others.’
Silus sneered at her. ‘So he’s an innocent man?’
‘No, he was an evil man; he was responsible for his actions. However there were factors which shaped him, moulded him into that evil man. Of course others may have resisted those influences.’
Harald gestured towards the other corpses lying in the leaves, attracting flies. ‘And what of these poor wretches? Did they deserve to fall under the sword?’
‘I do not know; from the images in Gedric’s head I suspect not. These men had fallen on hard times; I believe most were uncomfortable with the situation. Some simply followed Gedric’s lead. We should not dwell on this; I believe we should act within the confines of morality, but that we should be mindful of sacrificing our lives for principle. We were justified in ending these rogues’ lives, despite the circumstances of their turn to crime, they made the decision to turn to crime, they chose a criminal life.’
Saul spoke. ‘Criminals who died with no trial or sentence, who may have hated themselves for making this choice.’
Vashni shrugged. ‘They had a trial by combat. I pity them, but I would not allow myself to suffer hurt at the hands of bandits simply because I agonised over the chain of events which inspired them to become criminals. As for Gedric, let us take him to Briem, and let the Berger decide how to deal with him, and the rather pitiful hoard of their ill-gotten gains.’
The warriors hauled the chest onto the back of the dilapidated cart which had been used to cover the hole where the treasure was buried. The bandits appeared not to have had horses. After a final search of the bandit camp revealing nothing of interest or value, they roped the cart to two of the horses, deposited the now mindless ‘Gedric’ on the back of the cart with the chest and set off.
The companions travelled slowly, thanks to the cart roped behind Harald and Silus’s steeds. Korhan took up his usual place, a short distance behind Vashni, allowing her to lead his horse. As the wind drew up and the shadows started to grow longer, Korhan urged his steed to a trot until he thought he rode alongside Vashni. The ride was hard, he tried to focus on using his hearing and his smell to sense his surroundings, but fear, fear and anxiety got in the way. He began to resent his being at the mercy of the elf. He still liked her, and found her intriguing beyond compare, but being reduced to blindness in order to teach him some sort of lesson pushed the boundaries of his tolerance to new untested levels.
He leaned closer. ‘Mir§a Vashni, have I not endured this torment for long enough? Can you please allow me to open my eyes again?’
She chuckled at this. ‘Ri§ine Korhan, you have spent barely two hours in darkness, how can you expect to learn anything in such a short time? I think you need to learn to appreciate your sense of hearing as well, because you take this sense so for granted and do not seem to value it. Your ability to detect the source of sound can save your life. Lean closer to me so I can whisper in your ear, I have decided to remove your sense of hearing as well. This will let you focus on your sense of smell, and the sensation of your horse under your thighs, your reins in your fingers.’
‘Mir§a Vashni, please!’
‘No questions remember? You wish me to train your mind and help you to grow, I shall, but I will do as I see fit to facilitate this. I shall not beat you for questioning my methods, but I shall not attempt to teach you if you are not willing to undergo my training regime. Now, would you like me to restore your sight and end our Mir§a, Ri§ine relationship? Or do you consent to progressing to my next lesson?’
‘Mir§a Vashni, I am not ready! Without my sight I am too vulnerable, almost helpless.’
‘You need to learn another lesson then Ri§ine, you need to learn to trust and rely on others at times. In this instance you need to learn to trust me. While you are helpless, I shall look after you, I will allow no harm to come to you. Do you consent to proceed?’
Part of him wanted to scream no and to end this torture immediately. However another part of him understood what she wanted to teach him and he could already identify improvement, his mental acuity grew stronger with each exercise. The sensation of being without sight had allowed him to know himself better. His thoughts had drawn deeper within himself, without the distraction of his surroundings. After a brief pause he leaned closer. ‘Mir§a Vashni, I consent to proceed, but I am afraid.’
She giggled softly. ‘Good. Do not worry, I will care for you while you are helpless... §hui abelk o§u §inair§a orao Ri§ine, abelk o§u §inair§a orao.’
As she finished her hypnotic sounding whisper, Korhan heard the sounds of the forest die down to nothing. The sensation seemed surreal, being in the saddle, plunged into utter darkness, and now total silence. It wasn’t just that his hearing sounded muffled, but more that it simply did not exist. The thing which surprised Korhan further was that he actually sensed more than he would have guessed. The vibration of the horses hooves, clip clopping on the ground, the gentle tug on his horse by Vashni, the wind on his face. He felt himself rise and fall with the hips of his horse; through that, and the vibration, he felt like he sensed the actual structure of the horse, its skeleton and muscles working together.
He experienced all these things, but at the same time he fought a growing sensation of being alone and extremely vulnerable. Being blind had been one thing, but now being without hearing also took the loneliness to a new level. He also found his sense of balance encumbered slightly. The mechanical function of balance wasn’t affected; the difficulty was caused by the simple disorientation, from having no audio or visual input.  This made maintaining good posture difficult. Despite being an accomplished horse rider since childhood, he wobbled in his saddle several times and struggled to maintain his composure.
The others would cast a glance back to Korhan and Vashni at times, often shaking their heads. Even those who did not fear and distrust the elf found the exercise uncomfortable to watch, a mighty warrior, a skilled swordsman being guided around by a slender, slight, female elf. Harald turned to Silus. ‘Humph! Look at him! The way she treats him is demeaning, and embarrassing! I cannot understand his motivation for allowing her to do this to him.’
Silus sniggered. ‘Thinking with his loins I shouldn’t wonder. Though I cannot see why he would even trust her, let alone find her attractive.’
If Vashni heard this she did not respond.
They rode for some time in silence, each rider deep in thought. Korhan deeper than any others, he found himself analysing his horse’s movements through how it felt to ride. Through this, he gradually gained a more intimate understanding of how ‘horse riding’ worked. He even thought he could almost sense the mind of the horse. Vashni hadn’t mentioned this possibility. Its mind seemed sharp, alert, but at the same time simple. He sensed an air of trust; the horse trusted its rider and the rider leading it along - Vashni. The beast niggled a little over its wounded flank, which though healed was still sore and tender. This was another alien experience; his horse appeared to have no words in its head, simply wordless feelings, almost primal instincts.
Throughout the ride, Gedric sat curled up on the cart, looking vacant and baffled, his mind shattered. He too could not form words, even in his head.  Even basic, wordless thoughts were difficult for him to form, whenever he attempted to form a thought, it fell apart into nothingness, so devastating was Vashni’s attack on his mind.
Vashni appeared to be in a carefree, almost jovial mood considering her recent narrow escape. She gave the impression of one who was finding life quite amusing, constantly smiling, a smile which suggested mirth rather than pure happiness. The fact was she felt happy, the frivolity of elves, and their long lives coupled with their formidable mental skills meant when they did experience a traumatic event, they dealt with it efficiently, then moved on. In Vashni’s case she had more or less stored away the memories of being attacked by Gedric, and the twisted phantasms experienced while charging into Gedric’s mind. They were stored neatly away, not erased, but such that accessing them required a conscious effort.
The fact that Vashni had found a new challenge, a new avenue of life to explore made her happy too. She had decided to try to teach Korhan the mental skills which all elves were taught from birth. This would be a difficult task, other elves would have said teaching a human was impossible, Vashni relished the challenge. A large part of her thought it was impossible too, but this added to her enthusiasm in attempting it. She did think if her training went well, maybe she should even try teaching Korhan some basic, basic whispers. It would be risky, and as things stood, she did not imagine him in the position where it seemed sensible to try, but that was her goal. Of course, the forthcoming battle with the dragon was something to look forward to as well. Knowing what little she knew of Draconis Nobilus, and knowing the abilities of the rest of their party, she expected them all to be killed.  Her plan was simple, try to assist them; if all seemed lost and the rest of the party were killed she would whisk herself and her Ri§ine away.


Chapter 7
~
The Town of Briem

Being so robbed of his senses, Korhan found keeping track of time difficult. Around him the shadows grew longer and longer, and they covered several leagues. When they started the final approach to Briem, Korhan had no idea how long had passed or where they were. Votrex was riding at the head of the column, alongside Saul. He pointed at the intricate, but weathered and damaged stonework which made up part of the town wall. ‘This stonework does not appear to be human work. What do you know of this place Saul?’
‘Twas a small elven town, a long time ago. The elves abandoned Briem, as they did almost all of their settlements, a short time after humans migrated from the east. You can tell its elvish work, if you look at the carvings and the stonework in the wall, you cannot see the seam between the blocks. This whole section of wall has the appearance of being carved from one block of stone.’
‘Hmmm, impressive... I’d be interested to know how this is done. No offence Saul, but human stonework is rough and of poor quality. At least most of it is.  Good dwarfish stonework is incredibly precise; our seams are so tight you cannot pass a pin between them, but-’
‘I suspect this stone was worked with magic rather than tools Votrex. Of course if you’re really interested you should ask Vashni.’
Votrex glared back at her and snorted. ‘Humph, I wouldn’t give her the satisfaction!’
At that point Vashni’s horse trotted alongside, leading Korhan's behind her. ‘Master wizard. I wish to spend some time alone with my Ri§ine. Give me your coin purse and I will secure rooms at the inn, while you take the others to meet the Berger.’
Saul raised an eyebrow at her, she sighed, somewhat deflated. ‘I do not intend to cheat you out of your coin, I am trying to be... Helpful? If you do not wish to give me your purse, give me two gold coins, I will secure a room for you, Silus, Harald, Brael and Votrex and a room for myself and my Ri§ine.’
‘So, you’ve decided to take him to your bed?’
Vashni laughed out loud at this. ‘No silly. He will sleep on the floor, in front of the door to my room, ensuring my safety and privacy.’
‘Lady Vashni, I cannot understand why Korhan is allowing you to treat him the way you are treating him. I’ll be honest; I worry that you may have enchanted him in some way, or bound him to your will by magical means.’
Vashni rolled her eyes at this. ‘Korhan recognises my ability to... Hmmm, improve him? The way I treat him is my price, he accepts my price. I give you my word Saul Karza, no enchantments are necessary or in place. Korhan is my Ri§ine by choice and choice alone.’
‘Yes, well, I will have to take your word for it mistress elf.’
She smirked at this. ‘Yes, you will... Now, the coin?’
Saul took a handful of silver and copper coins and one gold coin and held them out to Vashni, who took them and deposited them in her pocket. By this point they were approaching the stone archway, half built by the elves, half by human hands. Two shabbily dressed town guards, bearing blunt halberds and rusty, tarnished armour stood outside, but made no attempt to bar the way or even inspect the riders.
After passing through the mismatched arch, Vashni led Korhan’s horse off to a large ruined elvish building, which had been repaired and patched up with human technology. The inn was called, ‘Freais Folly’ an unusual name for an inn to say the least. There were stables outside, which appeared to be fairly intact elvish stone masonry, but with a rougher, human made clay tile roof. When the horses drew to a halt, Korhan had no idea where they were or what was happening. Fearing another bandit ambush he tried to sit still in his saddle, though he quivered slightly. Vashni dismounted in her usual weightless and elegant fashion, pulled up her hood to hide her elven features, then walked to Korhan and placed a hand on his thigh, making him jump a little. She then projected an image into his head of position of the horses, courtyard and stables. It was clear to Korhan what the test was. She was testing his ability to use only his spatial awareness to tie up their steeds, without the aid of his sense of sight or hearing.
The first challenge was dismounting his horse. Under normal circumstances, he would perform such a simple task without even thinking. He’d dismounted a horse in the dark before with no problem, but the total lack of any sense of sight, or hearing, made this task difficult, extremely difficult. He had no measure for how far below him the ground was and he stumbled awkwardly as his boots thumped onto the cobbles. Luckily the horse didn’t move much so he managed to use the orientation of the horses with the images planted in his mind by Vashni to get his bearings. Vashni at this stage stepped back to give him space and observed in silence.
First he found his horse’s reins, then holding onto them, he worked his way around the beast, until he placed a hand on Vashni’s magnificent steed. Her horse stood submissively while he groped his way to its reins; with both reins in one hand he started leading both animals in the direction of the stalls. Never before had such a simple task been so difficult. Those few steps across the well worn cobbles seemed to take an eternity, and he breathed a sigh of relief when his groping hand met the edge of one stall. Feeling his way in, he found the tying point and fastened one horse after another to it. Again, such a easy task as tying a horse up, which he’d done more times than he cared to count, proved to be challenging to say the least, without the use of two of his senses. After finally completing the task, he ran his fingers along the edge of the stall to the end, then tried to grope his way across the courtyard towards Vashni.
Vashni grasped his hand chuckling, somewhat surprised at his success, but also a little dismayed at the obvious difficulty he had found in completing this simple task. Clearly she would need to do a great deal more training with him. Leading Korhan by the hand Vashni entered the inn and strode up to the counter. A young girl watched her approach and joined her at the counter. She was younger than the inn keeper’s wife in Trest, but she looked tired and worn out. She smirked at Korhan, screwed her face up, then looked Vashni in the eye. ‘What’s the matter with him?’
‘He is temporarily blind and deaf, but do not let his condition trouble you; I would like two rooms for tonight. One small one with one bed and a large room with five beds please.’
‘I can do you the single, with a two and a three.’
‘The single with a two and a three will suffice; I also require stabling and feed for seven horses. My companions will be arriving shortly; they have gone to meet the Berger. Could you also bring me some fruit, bread, a jug of water and a jug of wine with two cups please?’
‘Three rooms, stabling, feed, food, water and a jug of wine, that’s three silver and fifteen coppers.’
Vashni counted out four silver coins and exchanged them for the correct change. The young girl poured the wine and water, then gathered a small bowl of fruit and a crust of bread. Tray in hand, she led them through the inn, up the stairs to a small room at the back with a single large bed up against the back wall. Vashni stepped in first, leading Korhan, then she turned and gestured for the innkeeper to leave. ‘We do not wish to be disturbed, please tell the others, led by a Saul Karza, we will meet them in the morning.’
‘As you wish…’
Vashni peered at the jug of wine on the small table. Briem was a larger, more successful town than Trest, which had been built on the ruins of an elven city, so things like fresh running water and sewage systems were not so scarce. Even so, when she swirled the wine around the jug with her hand, the contents appeared to be, not of the finest quality. She stepped closer to Korhan then whispered in his ear. ‘Ri§ine, cor§ou§a o§u §inair§a orao ta §hui cor§ou§a o§u §inair§a rai’. She watched Korhan open his eyes with a gasp.
‘Where are we?’
Vashni smiled at him. ‘We are now at the town of Briem, Saul and the others are taking the bandits loot and Gedric to the Berger, I have secured us a room at this inn, Freais Folly, and allocated some time to further your mental training.’
Korhan screwed his face up. ‘Freais Folly? Tis an unusual name for an inn, what does it mean?’
Vashni giggled. ‘I doubt the innkeeper knows, but I think I do. I believe the name relates to an old elvish legend that is said to originate from the town of Briem. Back in the olden days there was said to live an elven mage here, who achieved such a mastery of magic that he could transform mass into energy and energy into life on a whim. However he was a lonely mage and longed for female company. His name was Freai§a, and this story is a perfect example of the power of words. When a spell caster constructs a spell they must be very careful how they word the spell, it is critical the wording is completely unambiguous, whispers should be the same. This is why you should not attempt to whisper unless you can use perfect pronunciation and diction, or the meaning might be skewed.’
‘What happened to this mage?’
‘Simple, he decided to attempt to create himself a female partner, shaped in the image of his desire. However when he came to utter this powerful spell the meaning was skewed... Hmmm, I believe the final incantation translated something like, “Make me the girl of my dreams” and he formed an image in his mind of what he perceived to be a perfect female elf. Instead of what he expected though, the spell morphed his body, changing his physique and genitals. He became what he perceived to be, a perfect female elf. The spell was so powerful it drained all of his arcane resources, and the action of the spell in changing his body at the molecular level was said to be so traumatic, so painful, that he could not face reversing the process and lived out the rest of his days as a female.’
Korhan laughed loudly as he imagined this. ‘Hah! Poor wretch! Imagine how that must have felt!’
‘Poor wretch? What precisely about being female warrants your pity Korhan? Elvish culture is not like human culture, females and males are generally treated fairly equally. The only matter of importance for gender is that certain work requires more physical strength, and our males tend to be a little stronger, so they get selected for this work and of course procreation requires one elf of each gender. Had he been a human mage, then it may have been appropriate to pity him, or her I suppose. Human society appears to favour males quite noticeably, but do not assume that is true for all the races.’
‘Well, whether tis merely a human trait, I should care dearly if I were to be magically transformed into a female.’
‘Hah! You, Ri§ine, base too much of your identity on being “male” as you rely too much on your sense of sight. I do not believe it is possible or safe to whisper you into a female, but if I could I might. Perhaps it would do you good to spend a spell as the opposite gender; it might improve your attitude.’
Korhan bowed his head slightly. ‘My apologies Mir§a Vashni, I will try to learn from your teachings.’
‘Good. Now observe, I have ordered us wine and water, but the wine here is not good wine. It contains excessive sediment; too much of the sugar has fermented. This wine is barely drinkable. Try some.’
Korhan took the jug, poured himself a small cup and sipped cautiously. The wine tasted acidic, and left a nasty after-taste. He was not a regular wine drinker, but even to his insensitive palate, this was awful. ‘This is not good wine.’
‘No, it is not. But watch, something can be done about this.’ She leaned close to the jug and took a deep breath, taking in the full aroma of the wine, then she took a small phial of white powder from her nearby satchel, and dropped a pinch of it into the jug. Slowly the sediment settled on the base or clung to the inside of the jug. As it did so, she opened a phial of green powder and dropped a pinch into the jug, the liquid contents bubbled and fizzed for a few seconds, then went quiet.  Vashni poured two cups of the wine this time and handed one to Korhan. ‘Try some now. The powders caused the impurities to settle or stick to the jug and the sugar and alcohol levels to become more... Hmmm, correct.’
Korhan took the cup and sipped some, the difference was phenomenal, now the wine tasted, smooth, fruity and sweet. It was now such a fine wine that for once in his life, Korhan thought he preferred wine to ale or mead. He began gulping enthusiastically. Vashni smirked at him. ‘You like?’ He nodded, and as he drank he took in the room they were in. Elvish carvings, dulled by time were scattered about the walls. The only window in the room was a large, but slender, ornate stained glass window.
Korhan sighed. ‘This place is amazing. The architecture here is too-’
‘Tis of elvish construction, though poorly maintained. Now eat, drink. I have returned your senses to you for a short break, before I remove them once more. The exercise in the courtyard went well, but not well enough. You do not know your own mind Ri§ine, let alone your own body! I will need to try much harder with you, if I am to sharpen and hone your mind to its maximum potential.’
Korhan took a seat on a small wooden stool, thankful to be in possession of his sight and hearing again. He took his time, breaking bread up and eating it with the fruit. He drank some wine and some water, his brief time without hearing or sight seemed to have sharpened his senses of smell and taste somehow. Vashni took a little fruit and bread and sat away from him on the bed, eating. With his mouth full, Korhan looked up to Vashni. ‘Mir§a Vashni, something strange happened when I was riding, I thought I sensed the horses mind. Is this possible?’
She raised an eyebrow at this. ‘A human, untrained in mental warfare, reach out and touch the mind of another? Well, this would be surprising. It may have been your imagination Ri§ine, but it is possible you reached out and touched the equine mind of your steed. What was it like?’
Korhan paused, in deep thought about how to describe the alien presence he felt that he’d contacted with his mind. ‘It felt, strange... Alert, sharp, but simple... Trusting... Its flank was sore... No words, just feelings.‘
Vashni chuckled. ‘I must admit, I believe you may have achieved something which I did not think was possible for you to achieve! You must be careful though, when your mind is straying it is more susceptible to being attacked or infiltrated. Defending your mind whilst wandering is a special skill. I would advise against probing the minds of others except when you are certain your mind is not going to be attacked or probed.’
Korhan paused for a moment. ‘I did not try to probe the horses mind. I just... Hmmm, Mir§a Vashni, I wish to collect some cured meat from my saddlebags, though the bread and fruit is good, I need something more substantial.’
‘Ri§ine, you do not need anything more substantial. While you are my Ri§ine, you will not eat meat, poultry or fish, you will eat only fruit, vegetables, bread and dairy products.’
Korhan almost spat his food out. ‘Mir§a Vashni! I shall waste away without proper sustenance! Are there no exceptions to your rule? Why do you wish to impose this restriction upon me?’
‘Ri§ine, I am surprised you question this. Sometimes I find you surprisingly perceptive and interesting for a human, but other times such as now you seem very dull. You accidentally touched the mind of your horse; you sensed its feelings. If you kill animals for meat, they suffer and despite what you think, you do not need meat in your diet. There are few exceptions to my rule, oysters are one. They are of course an animal, but they do not possess a mind, not even a simple one, they are as mindless as a plant, so are incapable of suffering. Any other beast, is off the menu for you while you are my Ri§ine, are we clear?’
Korhan’s face dropped in dismay, at every turn, maintaining this situation became less and less tenable. He decided after careful consideration to try to refrain from eating ‘meat’. ‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni, I will refrain from partaking of meat.’
‘Good. It will do you good to lose a few pounds anyway, you are heavy and slow. Have you finished your meal and drink? I am tired and wish to rest, but before I do I shall whisper to you again.’
Korhan chewed for a few moments, wolfed down some more bread and fruit, then drained his cup of wine. He thought about this situation, he found himself torn, being robbed of his senses was a terrifying experience, but he knew he’d learned from it. He thought about calling the whole thing off, but a glance up at Vashni’s slender frame and pointed features, and he changed his mind. He found himself not simply attracted to her, but interested in her too, her strange ways, her bizarre culture, her enigmatic mind. If nothing else he wished to learn all he could both from her, and about her.
Korhan smiled. ‘I am ready.’
Vashni pointed to the floor in front of the door. ‘Lie on the floor against the door, blocking the way.’
‘Why?’
She sighed, raising a slender eyebrow. ‘Questions again Ri§ine?’
Korhan lay on the floor against the door. ‘Sorry Mir§a Vashni.’
She knelt on the floor next to him and moved her head near to his ear. ‘I’m going whisper to you again now. This is a special whisper though. I am going “lock you in”.’
‘To the room? What do you mean?!’
‘Shhhh, I am going to stop all your senses, your sight, your hearing, your smell, your sense of touch, everything. I am going to cut your mind off from the physical world completely.’
Fear gripped Korhan, this sounded too extreme, he started to get up. ‘No, you cannot do that to me!’
She pressed him back down gently with her hands. ‘Shhh, do not worry, I will allow no harm to come to you while you are “locked in”. I want you to explore and know your own mind, without the distractions of the physical world. I appreciate this may seem hard, but you can learn much from this experience, and I have a task for you; I want to you try to ascertain how much time passes between me locking you in and unlocking you. Will you do this for me Ri§ine Korhan?’
At this point he was more torn than ever. She’d given him no indication of how long she intended to keep him in this state, trapped inside his own body with no means of even communicating with the world until she had undone whatever she did. He considered that actually they should be leaving the next day, so he couldn’t be locked in for longer than twelve to sixteen hours. The fact she seemed to want him to act as a sort of doorstop while he was prone suggested it would be at least ten hours.
Resigning himself to her care, he nodded and lay still. She placed her mouth near his ear and began whispering. ‘Ri§ine, §hui abelk o§u §inair§a rai, §hui abelk o§u §inair§a oreo, §hui abelk o§u §inair§a mak§i §a §i overuisha.’
As she whispered, Korhan felt his senses dull, then vanish. He shuddered as his eyes closed against his wishes, the experience of his hearing, smell, and touch senses seemed stranger, as they faded into nothingness. He was immediately paralysed, the reason part of the whisper paralysed him was because a man with control over his limbs but no sensation in his limbs might endanger himself. Before long he was left with nothing but silence and darkness.
Vashni stood, and smiled at her ‘project’ working on him was proving far more interesting than being a thief or assassin. Her only hope was that she could evade her pursuers for long enough that she could see this experiment through to its conclusion. Leaving Korhan alone, trapped in the dark silence of his own mind, she disrobed and hung up her leather and suede over clothes, then climbed into the bed and began willing herself to sleep.
Korhan experienced an intense sensation of claustrophobia at this point, being able to think, but unable to interact seemed like a cruel torture, one worse than death itself. He felt frustrated and helpless, but these feelings subsided. Boredom crept in, but he did not want to sleep. He found himself exploring old memories, the absence of the physical world, and his absence of senses made these memories all the more vivid. After revisiting most of his past, he began running through possible outcomes of their quest, that too subsided eventually and he was left with the horror of being alone in the dark, helpless to do anything about it.  Loneliness crept in, he began to think about Vashni, ever since he’d agreed to their ‘Mir§a, Ri§ine relationship’ she’d had him at her mercy and had been inflicting greater and greater tortures on him, but already he knew himself better. He considered himself mentally stronger for the experiences, hard as they were to endure.
While this had been transpiring, Saul Karza led the rest of the group to the administrative building off the town square. All of the riders were quite astonished at the difference between Trest and Briem. Trest was typical of backwater towns, but Briem seemed clean and orderly, the air didn’t carry a foul aroma like Trest and the streets weren’t awash with mud, urine and excrement. As they rode through the streets they noticed various indicators that the town was in a state of disrepair or decay, but the streets were surprisingly clean. Had Vashni been with them, and they’d cared to ask her, she would have explained that a complex system of pipes and gullies under the cobbled streets brought clean water into the city and flushed waste away. Some parts of the city had large chunks of incomplete elvish architecture, but in many parts only the foundations of the grand, ancient buildings remained.
An exception to this was the large administrative building overlooking the town square, the Berger’s residence and also the centre responsible for the running of the town. Most of the ancient elvish architecture was intact, and that which wasn’t, appeared to have been restored with some care, in a genuine attempt to blend in with the fine, but weathered workmanship of the elves.
The guards outside the administrative centre cast nervous looks at the band of warriors approaching; Saul remained on his horse to address them. ‘Soldiers of Briem, greetings, I am Saul Karza, emissary of Empress Jade, blessed be her name. I would speak with the Berger if he is available.’
The guards exchanged a nervous glance, then the younger of the two scampered into the administrative building. After a brief pause a man who appeared to be the Berger appeared, flanked by several crossbow-wielding guards. He wore fine furs and well groomed clothes.  Like the Berger of Trest he was crowned with only a simple iron band. He was young for a Berger too, not quite clean-shaven, but with his hair cropped short. The Berger sported a sullen, serious expression, as if he had the weight of time and worry on his shoulders. He strode up to Saul’s horse, his guards training their sights on the companions. ‘Well, well, what in Ishar’s name, might this strange group be riding up to my door for?’
Saul raised his hand, palm upwards. ‘We come in peace. We are performing an errand for Empress Jade, which requires our presence at the foothills of the Sky Cleavers. However, whilst on the road we found ourselves waylaid by bandits. I regret to inform you Berger, but most of the bandits were slain. We were only able to take the leader captive, a Gedric I believe. We brought him here to face your judgement, as we have brought the bandit’s meagre takings.’
As he finished, his horse shuffled sideways, revealing the cart with the battered wooden chest on board, along with the gibbering, drooling wreck of Gedric. The Berger took one look at Gedric, ’What foul fate befell this man, to leave him in this wretched state?’
This left Saul with an uncomfortable decision, to reveal the presence of an elf in their party or not? The Berger had thus far made no comment on the presence of Votrex or Brael, but there seemed little to no reason to reveal her. ‘A work of magic Berger, used in self-defence, appears to have left Gedric with this strange malady. I cannot say how long it will take for him to recover.’
The Berger immediately cast a suspicious glance directly at Brael. ‘Magic? Are we safe from your spells?’
Saul paused for thought. ‘The member of our party who inflicted this curse upon him acted as I said, in self defence... We mean you no harm. What will you do with Gedric, and the bandit’s loot?’
The Berger looked at Gedric. ‘I think we shall relieve Gedric of his head. Tomorrow perhaps. I will add the loot to the town coffers I think. I have a hard time acquiring enough coin to pay the Empress’s tithe at the best of times, so this will help. Besides which, finding the original owners would be impractical.’
Votrex spat in disgust. ‘Is human life so worthless here that you execute people on a whim? Without even a trial?’
The Berger looked up at the dwarf. ‘He needs no trial, Gedric is well known to us, for a long time he was constantly in trouble for not paying his taxes. Recently we learned he’d taken to banditry. As for the value of life, what value do you suppose his life has now? Look at him! He has no mind; any fool can tell by his blank expression and his glazed eyes. Twill be a kindness not an act of cruelty.’
Votrex pleaded. ‘He may recover in time! Besides, what of his family?’
‘He has a wife and a child, but he is clearly not in a fit state to support them, she struggles to feed her family as it is, and releasing him to her will only give her an additional mouth to feed. It may seem harsh, but in the long run this is for the best.’
‘Hah! You tax a man into ruin, force him into criminality, then execute him, when he is handed to you helplessly! You consider this for the best? The best for whom? How do you know he will not recover and be a better man for his experience?’ Votrex said almost angrily.
The Berger looked a little offended at this. ‘Tax a man to ruin? I suggest you widen your vision dwarf. I have a town to maintain, soldiers to pay, buildings to repair, beggars and homeless to support. Do not take me for a tyrant, for I am not. Gedric was perfectly able to pay his meagre taxes but he chose not to, he spent all he earned in the alehouse, either drinking or gambling. His wife and child will mourn him, but they may also be relieved that he is gone. On many occasions he returned home, having drunk too much ale and lost too much at the gaming table, only to take it out on his wife and son. I swear by Ishar, there were times when he would have beaten her to death; had not his son ran and fetched the soldiers. People need to see that justice has been done.’
Votrex shuffled uneasily in his saddle and muttered under his breath, looking at the broken man on the cart and thinking about Vashni’s description of the man from her exploration of his mind. He was evil; the Berger probably spoke the truth, given what Vashni had said. Then you had to consider what he’d tried to do to Vashni. However one also had to accept that this man became the man he was, an evil man, because of circumstances, which shaped him.  The unfortunate truth was the world was not the simple good and evil that so many people liked to believe, life, death, morality. These things were all so complicated.
The soldiers helped Gedric from the cart, and more soldiers took the chest and the cart away. Silus trotted closer to the front. ‘Are we not to be rewarded for bringing these vagabonds to justice?’
The Berger gave a deep sigh. ‘Alas, Briem is an expensive town to maintain and I cannot afford to fill your purses. I will however, invite you to feast with me tonight. I know it is little recompense for risking your lives, I wish I could give you more. What I will do; is ensure you are given all the food and ale you desire.’
Harald smiled. ‘That is kind of you Berger, two further members of our party have retired to the inn, are we to extend your invitation to them too?’
The Berger nodded. ‘Of course. We shall feast in the main hall of the administrative building, an hour after sunset.’
Saul nodded. ‘Good, we shall stable our horses and organise our provisions then meet you there.’
The Berger turned and walked up the stairs back into the administrative building, looking troubled. Saul, turned his horse and trotted back to the ‘Freais Folly’ inn, the others following. They spotted where Korhan had stabled his and Vashni’s steeds and stabled theirs alongside.
Saul strode into the inn, the maiden who had served Vashni eyed him suspiciously. ‘Saul Karza?’
‘Yes?’
‘Your “friend” asked not to be disturbed; she has secured your rooms though, would you like me to show you to them?’
‘Yes please, and I would speak with her anyway, the Berger has invited us to feast with him tonight.’
‘Hmm, very well, follow me.’ The maiden showed them to two rooms, where they deposited their bags. Afterwards, Harald, Votrex, Silus and Brael went to wait outside and Saul followed her to Vashni and Korhan’s room.
Saul rapped on the door. ‘Mistress Vashni? Lady elf? Korhan?’ after a pause
Vashni’s voice echoed from within. ‘What do you want wizard? I asked not to be disturbed!’
‘The Berger has asked us to feast with him tonight, in the administrative building; will you join us?’
‘No, now please do not disturb me again unless it is of the utmost importance!’
‘My apologies mistress Vashni, can I take the answer to be the same for Korhan?’
‘Yes, he is doing an exercise, which occupies him completely. Tis far more important than “feasting” with some local lord. Leave us!’
‘As you wish, lady Vashni.’
With that Saul left, feeling a little troubled. Korhan of course had heard nothing of this; he was trapped in his body, cut off from the world, trying to fathom how long she had kept him in this state. He was also panicking; he thought he’d been in this state for far longer than he had in reality, that something might have happened to Vashni and it could be that he would never escape this torment.
Walking outside, Saul shook his head at the others. ‘Korhan and Lady Vashni are not joining us. Come, let us go.’ The companions followed Saul through the streets, dusk had since fallen and the streets were lit by the occasional lamps. Most of the inhabitants of Briem had retired for the night and the streets were quiet and peaceful. When they got to the administrative building, the table was already set. The feast was taking place in the large hall, which made up the majority of the front of the large building. A roaring fire had been set, and fruits, meats and ales were already in place along the table.
The Berger appeared to host several other guests, some seemed to be merchants with some influence and some looked like high-ranking soldiers or guards. As they entered, one of the servants approached them, a young girl. ‘Saul Karza and company? This way please, the Berger will be down shortly, he is tending to his daughter.’
Saul followed the girl towards the head of the table. ‘The Berger’s daughter? Is that what has been troubling him recently?’
‘Yes. She was bitten by a snake, an adder I believe, while out hunting several days ago and she suffers greatly for it. We fear the worse for her, if the Berger seems unkind or troubled then this will surely be why.’
Saul nodded and took his seat. The companions sat at opposite sides of the table, next to the Berger’s chair at the head. Serving girls brought jugs of ale, mead and wine around and filled their mugs. Plates were brought back and forth with fruit, bread, meats and vegetables on them. The centrepiece was a whole roast hog, born forth by four burly men and placed on the table. Silus, Harald, Votrex and Saul began to gather food to their plates and accepted mugs of ale and mead. While they were eating, the Berger, flanked by two guards entered down a flight of intricately carved stone steps at the edge of the hall.
As he wolfed down his food, Harald pointed up to a huge great sword hanging over the fireplace. The weapon was unusual in that it was long, with a long two handed handle, but it had a curved, intricately carved blade and a yellowish hue. ‘Why would a fine weapon like that be left on display instead of being put to use?’
Silus eyed the blade for a moment before answering. ‘Tis maybe not a weapon for using, but merely a ceremonial sword, to be taken down for some special occasion or other.’
Votrex chuckled. ‘It’s elvish. That’s why it’s there... The elves are known to “lock” their weapons to an individual or group, so that only they may wield them.’
Silus snorted. ‘Humph! How can you tell?’
‘Everything about it! The engraving on the blade, the shape, the metal... Tis elvish, there’s no other possibility and-’
At that point the Berger sat down; instead of picking food for himself, one of his servants filled a plate for him and handed it to him. Saul paused eating and leaned towards the Berger. ‘How fares your daughter Berger?’
‘Not well Saul Karza, I fear she will die within days if not hours.’
Saul stroked his beard thoughtfully. ‘Have not your healers and magicians tended to her? The servant said twas an adder bite? Surely this should not be fatal?  How many years has she?’
‘My mage, alas, succumbed to the pox last spring. Inept as he was, he was unable to save himself, so I doubt he could save her, even were he here with us. The apothecary has prescribed various herbs to soothe her, though none appear to be effective.’
‘Hmmm, that is sad to hear. I am a learned man, would you like me to see if I can do anything for her?’
The Berger forced a smile. ‘If you believe you have any chance of helping, then I would be eternally grateful if you could tend to her.’
Saul nodded. ‘As you wish; I am fed and watered well enough, take me to her.’
The Berger rose from the table and headed for the stairs. Saul followed, offering a knowing look to the others as he did. The rest of the administrative building was also quite richly furnished; it took several minutes to get to the upper floors at the back of the building where the Berger and his family resided. The Berger’s apartment was a large room with living area; kitchen and dining area all within, bedrooms were separated from the main room by doors.  The Berger headed to one of the doors after they’d crossed the threshold into the apartment. ‘This way...’
Saul followed him to a carved oak door. The Berger pushed it open gently, revealing a small bedroom, lit by soft lamplight. On the bed lay a young teenager, on top of the covers, her right leg swollen and red, but her face looking pale, gaunt and clammy. Her mother sat on the edge of the bed mopping her brow with a wet cloth.  The Berger gestured towards her. ‘Saul, my wife, Elaine... How is she?’ 
Elaine looked up concerned. ‘She fares worse Karras. Much worse, I fear she will not last the night.’
Saul stepped forwards. ‘Please, let me examine her.’ They parted a little and Saul stepped right up to the bed. Her leg and her torso were swollen; she seemed to be struggling to remain conscious. The site of the bite was clearly visible, infected and putrid looking. Any hopes Saul had of helping the girl were shattered as soon as he saw her properly.  He paused, thought about remedies he could administer and gave a deep sigh. ‘Berger, I can do nothing. She is dying. Had I been here but a day sooner I may have been-’
‘Is there nothing you can do?’ The concern in Elaine’s face pulled at Saul’s heart, but he couldn’t deceive her. ‘No... I fear not though, hmmm...’ The Berger peered at him, questioningly. ‘Speak Saul Karza, what is on your mind?’
‘I cannot help her, but I know one who might, might be able to. I do not want to give you false hope though, even if I can get my esteemed colleague to help, she may not be able to save your daughter. She is weak and the infection appears to be spreading.’
The Berger grabbed his shoulders. ‘Do it! Please do not tarry, fetch this person at once and I will make it worth your while.’
Saul sighed. ‘As you wish; wait here.’ with that he turned on his heel and stormed out of the apartments and through the administrative building.
The others cast him a concerned glance as he exited, but he waved to them to continue eating and padded down the shadowy streets as fast as his tired feet would carry him, back to the ‘Freais Folly’ inn. When he got to the inn he rushed straight to Vashni’s room and rapped on the door. ‘Mistress Vashni, Your impressive abilities are needed! Lady Vashni!’
After much knocking and pleading came a reply, ’Go away Master wizard, I told you quite clearly, I do not wish to be disturbed until morning!’
Saul groaned. ‘Lady Vashni, the Berger’s daughter has been bitten by an adder, in addition to the venom the wound appears infected; she is weak indeed and I doubt she will last the night!’
‘That’s a shame; give my condolences to the Berger wizard. Oh, and leave me in peace!’ Saul deflated; he’d not considered the possibility convincing her to come to the Berger’s daughters’ aid being difficult. He’d assumed she’d come running and do her ‘thing’ without question and everything would be alright.
‘Vashni, please, she is going to die and I believe you can help her!’
The voice from beyond the door sounded increasingly annoyed. ‘What an astute observation wizard, I “could” help her, but I choose not to; I wish to sleep, now go away.’
‘Please! I will be in your debt!’
‘You are already in my debt wizard. Do you wish to become further in my debt?’
‘I am sure your assistance would please the Berger!’
‘I am sure it would, but my experiences thus far of your so called “Bergers” are that they bear a tendency for tyranny.’
Saul racked his brains, he needed something to would spark her interest, her curiosity. Value or morality seemed secondary to Vashni, amusement, entertainment, interest; they seemed the currency most likely to sway her. ‘The Berger possesses an interesting elvish artefact. I wondered if maybe helping the Berger in this way might persuade him to-’
‘What sort of artefact? How do you know tis elvish?’
‘Oh I heard Votrex say something about it. He seems knowledgeable about these things. Anyway, seeing as you are unwilling to help I will go and tend to her myself, I can’t save her but I might be capable of easing her pain.’
He’d thrown his lot into the gambit; the sword seemed the best thing to peak her curiosity, he hoped it was sufficient; there seemed little more he could do. Vashni was lying in bed considering her options. The promise of an elvish artefact had aroused her interest, and despite her desire to continue sleeping, thinking about the situation made her consider ways in which having a town ‘Berger’ in her debt might provide scope for further amusement or entertainment. After a short deliberation she threw back her covers and climbed out of bed. She quickly dressed, having slept in her delicate undergarments. She pulled on her fitted leather shirt, trousers, boots, then her cloak and black gloves. Kneeling on the floor she placed her lips near Korhan’s ear and began whispering.
‘Ri§ine, cor§ou§a o§u §hui abelk o§u §inair§a oreo, §hui abelk o§u §inair§a mak§i §a §i overuisha....’
Korhan had been mentally in tears, he’d drifted off to sleep once, maybe twice, only to wake in terror, paralysed and cut off from the world. The truth was he’d lost all sense of time and had been trying to reach out to Vashni with his mind, to plead with her to ‘unlock’ him. As he heard her faint whisper in his head, relief washed over him.  He regained sensation in his limbs and his ability to smell and hear returned. These senses seemed more sensitive, perhaps because of their brief absence.  He gasped, shocked at his lack of sight as much as the return of his other senses. Slowly he unfolded and tried to sit up. ‘Urgh! Mir§a Vashni, why has my eyesight not returned?’
She gave a soft chuckle. ‘Silly, because I haven’t restored it yet! I want you tell me how much time has passed first, how long would do say it has been since I locked you in?’
Korhan sighed exasperated. ‘I... I don’t know... I...’
‘Shhhh, keep calm, make a guess, how much time do you think has passed?’
Korhan paused, deep in thought. Finally he sighed. ‘Is it the next morning?’
She sighed in dismay. ‘No, tis later the same day. Dusk has fallen... Hmmm, it seems we’ll need to repeat this exercise.’
Korhan whimpered at the suggestion. ‘Mir§a Vashni, please, no...’ instinctively he reached out for her and gently held her, pressing his head onto her breast.
She held him and wrapped an arm around him and stroked his hair with her other hand. ‘Shhhh, there, there, Ri§ine. Do not fear, we shall not repeat this exercise until you are fully recovered. I shall give you some time to reflect on your ordeal. Now, we will join the Berger’s feast and I will allow you to keep your senses for a spell. At the feast, remember what I said, you are not to partake of any meats, only fruit, vegetables, bread and dairy, and you shall only drink one ale. I do not want your senses dulled. I am going to restore your sight now.’
She placed her lips near his ear and whispered. ‘Ri§ine, cor§ou§a o§u §inair§a rai.’
He opened his eyes with a gasp; he was still in Vashni’s gentle embrace. Her frame felt strange and inhuman, she was thin, so incredibly thin, and light, but strong and powerful. Korhan mused that Vashni was a web of paradoxes. She was small but powerful, young, but old, friendly but... His early aspirations of forming a relationship with her were disintegrating, she seemed too different, and she seemed to treat him more like a child or student, than as an equal. She gave him a gentle but firm push away and stood. ‘Come Ri§ine.’
He groggily climbed to his feet and followed her out of the room, through the inn and out onto the cobbled street. Leaving the inn she pulled her hood up hiding her face and long pointed ears. By the time they had stridden to the administrative building Saul Karza had already entered. Vashni leapt almost deftly up the steps, with Korhan close behind. As they entered, few faces turned to inspect them, those that did, paid them little or no attention. Vashni studied the room, the big open fire, the torches, the guests... Her eyes rested on the great sword hanging over the fireplace.
Unseen to the room her eyes lit up and she headed straight for the sword, beckoning Korhan over her shoulder. Drawing closer she scanned her eyes over the elegant sword, reading the elvish writing carved onto the blade and the pommel. She chuckled softly as she did, then pointed to the benches where Brael, Votrex, Silus and Harald were seated. ‘Sit Ri§ine, eat. Remember; one ale and no meats.’ With that she darted towards the steps. At that point Saul appeared at the top and gestured for the guards to let her pass.
Korhan sat and glanced about his companions, who were all giving him a bemused look. Brael was chewing on a roasted chicken leg; he pulled it away from his mouth. ‘How fare you, Avil? Has Vashni trained you in the art of mental defence?’
‘No. Though tis not for want of trying. Her lessons are hard, but I feel somehow, different, I am changing; she is changing me.’
Harald smirked. ‘Into her hand maiden?’ This brought a round of chuckles. Silus, busy munching a thick slice of pork paused. ‘If you ask me Northman, she is making a fool out of you, and she is doing so for her own perverse entertainment. You should cease fawning over her and following her instructions like a servant girl. Start acting like a man.’
Votrex nodded. ‘Aye, she’s made fool enough of you Korhan, son of Brian.’
Brael shook his head. ‘You are all correct, she is making a fool of him, but I do not believe she is not fulfilling her part of the deal. She is teaching him, I can tell... Korhan may appear foolish now, acting like her servant, but if he can endure her service and learn her lessons, he will become a far more formidable warrior than you can understand.’
Korhan nodded. ‘The gravian speaks the truth.’ As he spoke he reached over to fill his plate with some bread, fruit, vegetables and cheese. This of course caused looks of confusion, particularly from his old friend Harald and Votrex, who had been riding with Korhan since they’d met in the capital Cormaroth. Both of them had come to perceive Korhan to be a man who was very fond of meat.
Harald screwed his face up at Korhan. ‘Are you not well Korhan son of Brian?’
Votrex reached over with his knife and cut himself several thick cuts of pork, placing them on his plate. ‘The Berger’s meat is a finer meal than any we’ve had since leaving Cormaroth, will you not partake of some?’
Korhan gazed at the meat longingly, the pork and chicken drumsticks appeared to be cooked to perfection and dripping with juices, succulent and tender. The aroma alone, the salty, greasy aroma of perfectly cooked pork teased him further. He gave a deep sigh. ‘Alas, I cannot, Mir§a Vashni has forbidden me to eat meat.’
Silus reached over and grabbed his arm firmly. ‘Korhan! She is trying to make you an elf; you are a man! This is good food! We will not eat this well again until we ride triumphantly through the gates of Cormaroth or if we are killed in battle, when we take our seat in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead! Do not waste this rare opportunity to eat a good meal.’
Korhan gazed longingly at the meat as he munched bread and cheese.
Votrex pulled a tray of steaming chicken drumsticks towards him. ‘Here; where’s the harm in one? She need never know, you might waste away not eating any meat!  One drumstick won’t hurt? I would hate to watch you starve, Korhan son of Brian.’
Korhan glanced at the others for approval, he saw Harald, Silus and Votrex nodding. Brael appeared more... Uncertain.  When Korhan’s eyes fell on him, Brael sighed deeply. ‘Do what you must avil, but beware, if she has commanded you thusly, and you disobey her, she will be angry with you.’
Silus rolled his solitary eye. ‘Don’t listen to him, how can she even know? Here, eat one, wash it down with a mug of ale, and some bread and cheese and she’ll be none the wiser!’
Korhan’s mouth was watering. Harald pushed the plate of drumsticks towards him. ‘Have one, you can tell her we bullied you into eating, if she discovers your action and scolds you.’
Korhan reached towards the plate and grabbed one drumstick, then without pausing took a big bite. They were right, the meat was cooked to perfection, it truly did ‘melt in his mouth’. Using both hands he rolled the leg and stripped all the meat and skin off. When he spoke, his mouth was still full. ‘One drumstick can’t hurt can it?’ The others smiled, and they continued eating and drinking, by the time Vashni returned, Korhan had eaten a little more meat than the one drumstick he’d originally intended. Less than he would under normal circumstances; though given the fact that for many days he had been living on dried and cured meats, he considered himself to have shown significant restraint...
Vashni meanwhile had darted up the stairs and pushed past Saul. The guards parted for her when she entered the Berger’s apartments. The Berger and his wife had stayed with their daughter who was sweating profusely and did not seem in a good way, the swelling had gotten worse if anything and her flesh looked red and raw around the swollen area. Vashni beckoned Saul in, then closed and barred the door behind her. The Berger stared at her. ‘Who are you?’
Saul introduced her. ‘This is Vashni. She may-’
Vashni pulled back her hood causing the Berger and his wife to gasp. ‘Elf!’ Vashni gestured for them to give her some room, which they did. She stepped closer and examined the girl, the bite wound, her limbs her torso.  After several minutes she turned to the Berger. ‘She is dying. I can save her, but at a cost.’
The Berger looked at her. ‘Name your price! I would pay you a thousand gold piece-’
‘Pffft! I am not interested in your coin. I want Harbinger.’
The Berger formed a puzzled expression on his face. ‘Harbinger? What do you mean?’
‘The elvish great sword hanging up in the main hall. Give me the sword and I will ensure she lives.’
The Berger spat. ‘Hah! That weapon is useless anyway; none can wield it due to some enchantment placed upon it. Many mighty warriors have attempted to wield the blade without success.’
‘So we have a deal? I need to know your daughter’s name. Also I would like some time alone with her, how long I cannot say, this task will take as long as it takes.’
The Berger looked worriedly at his wife, then to Saul who shrugged, suggesting that the choice was theirs.
Elaine seemed to take the initiative; she stood. ‘Come Karras, she will die if we do nothing. We have nothing to lose. Her name is Angela.’
Vashni unbarred the door and gestured for them to leave. ‘Good. Now, please go, I have work to do.’
The Berger and his wife cast uncertain glances at the diminutive, leather and suede clad elf as they left, then Vashni beckoned Saul towards the door too. ‘You too wizard. To remove the venom, cure the sepsis, heal the infection and repair all the damaged tissue is going to be a long and difficult task. I need to be able to concentrate, and you hanging around prying and analysing what I am doing will hinder me. Go!’
Saul gave a slight bow to her and scurried out after the Berger. Vashni pushed the door shut after him and threw the bar.
Quietly, she retreated to Angela’s bed, sitting herself on the side of the bed. The girl was beyond communication. So Vashni pressed her fingers on the girl’s temples and entered her mind. What met her was terrible, a world of pain, fear and sorrow. Angela for her part was delirious, enduring a nightmare of hurt and suffering. A silken, almost hypnotic voice entered her head. ‘Shhhh, my name is Vashni... I am here to help you... Try to relax and listen... If you hear what I say, embrace it; cherish my words... And you will make my work all the easier.’
Her voice was calm and soothing; when she exited the girls mind the girl already looked slightly better. Next Vashni leaned closer, placed her lips to Angela’s ear and began whispering, after some time she moved her lips down to the point of the bite and whispered some more.
The process was long and tiring, Vashni alternating between whispering into Angela’s ear and whispering to various parts of her body. As time drew on, foul smelling ichor oozed out of the bite wound, venom, infected blood, dead tissue. By the time Vashni was satisfied the wound was safe to close, the bed sheets were stained a browny red and smelled foul. The task took over two hours to complete and when she had finished, she uttered a final whisper into Angela’s ear commanding her to sleep for twelve hours.
Tired and extremely weary, Vashni rose and took a final look at the patient. The sweating had stopped; she looked healthy and happy, but asleep. Vashni unbarred the door and pulled it open. The Berger, his wife and Saul were sitting outside.  They looked up when the door opened, their faces full of concern. Vashni shrugged, and let out an exhausted sigh. ‘She will live. She will sleep until lunch time tomorrow and she will be weak for many days, but her life is no longer in danger... Now Berger, I am tired. I will collect “Harbinger” and my Ri§ine, then retreat to my bed. Tell nobody of my presence here Berger. I do not wish the presence of an elf in Torea to become common knowledge, particularly one that is skilled in the art of healing. I do not care for the possibility of every hapless individual in the land chasing around looking for me, finding me, then pleading with me to tend to their ailing relatives.’
The Berger considered questioning her, could he trust her? But then he rushed to the door and peered in, it was clear she spoke the truth and he let out a long sigh of relief. As Vashni walked wearily away, pulling her hood up as she went, Saul pressed a palm on the Berger’s shoulder. ‘Berger, will you reconsider executing Gedric?’
Karras turned to Saul as Elaine rushed past crying tears of joy.  ‘Saul, I could reconsider executing Gedric, but for what purpose?’
‘To save a man’s life?’
‘What life? Did you not see the expression on his face? There is nothing behind those eyes now, he seems unable to fathom the simple task of walking, what kind of life can he to look forward to? Are his wife and son, likely to thank me for bestowing this burden upon them? Ask yourself this Saul Karza, if you were in this state, a mindless shell, little more, than a lump of meat. What would you prefer? To while away your days sitting in your own excrement, being spoon fed by your carer, unable to speak, or communicate, unable even to think, only able to suffer... Or to have your life ended in one swift stroke, and not by your own hand, thereby giving you safe passage into the next life, keeping you fit for Avanti’s judgement?’
Saul listened, and sighed. The man had a point, especially if Gedric’s condition turned out to be permanent. It was despicable to think this, but perhaps the Berger spoke the truth. Maybe true mercy lay not in withholding the axe, but in allowing the axe to fall.  On the other hand, did the Berger possess the right to decide the worth of Gedric’s life? Surely it was Avanti’s place to judge? Saul smiled at the Berger. ‘Would you at least allow his wife and son to visit him before his execution?’
‘Hah! And would you, were you in his position desire that? Would you wish your family to see, your empty shell. Hmmm, perhaps, you are right. They have suffered enough at Gedric’s failures and under his whip, that I believe they at least have the right to decide whether they wish to visit him, before he meets his demise.’
‘And if they wished for him not to be executed?’
‘I would not offer for them to change his fate, in doing so I would place his fate in their hands and guilt may force them into a decision that is bad for him and bad for them. Better, that I relieve them of that responsibility.’
Saul sighed. ‘You are a wise man Karras, cold, but wise... Thank you for considering my requests. May your daughter recover well. I believe she will. Though perhaps you should pray for Ishar’s guidance this evening, afterall – if he sent Vashni to save your daughter, maybe there was a reason?’
‘I suppose you are right, there is wisdom in your words Saul. The people will want to know justice has been served, but perhaps Gedric’s ordeal is justice enough? Goodnight Saul.’
At this point Vashni was trudging down the stairs appearing tired and weary; healing the Berger’s daughter had been tiring. It always was, when trying to heal old injuries; it had taken a great deal of energy and concentration to complete. Nearing the bottom of the stairs her eyes drifted over to where Korhan and the others were sitting, looking a little sheepish. She strode straight over, examining the table in front of them. She noticed the nibbled chicken bones on Korhan’s plate and scowled at him. ‘Humph! I see you’ve chosen to disobey me Ri§ine!’
Silus looked up. ‘Leave him be elf! A man cannot sustain himself on bread and cheese alone, he needs meat!’ She placed her hands on the table and leaned close to Silus. ‘You are wrong dragon slayer, besides which, tis none of your business what he eats and doesn’t eat. He is my Ri§ine, he is under my care. He will eat what I deem fit and nothing else!’
Korhan felt terrible, he pleaded at her. ‘Mir§a Vashni, I am sorry, I-‘
‘Silence Ri§ine! We shall discuss your insubordination back at the inn, remove the sword from the wall, carry it by the blade, do not touch the handle.’
‘But-‘
‘The weapon is now mine; acquired from the Berger for services rendered, pick the weapon up and follow me. Now!’
He stumbled quickly to his feet, shying away from her due to the venom in her voice. As he took the sword down the Berger appeared at the top of the stairs with Saul and waved to his men that it was okay for the sword to be taken.
Soon Vashni was storming down the street, her face twisted in a vision of rage. Korhan was stumbling and ambling along behind, the elven blade in his hands. She didn’t pause at the inn, she walked straight in and straight to their room, closing and barring the door behind them. Immediately she approached Korhan and whispered to him. ‘§ara Shoriuda di§airm §uisquira shom.’
Without thinking, helpless to resist he knelt down and kissed her boot. Then rose, but before he could straighten up she whispered to him again. ‘§ara Shoriuda di§airm §uisquira shom.’ and again he grovelled on the floor and kissed her suede boot.
‘You are pathetic Ri§ine! You show no willpower or fortitude of mind. I give up, I release you from my service, your training has ended!’
Korhan looked at her in desperation. ‘Mir§a Vashni please! The others, they... They bullied me into having meat! I-‘
She cut him off by stepping forwards and clamping her fingertips onto his temples. She gripped harder and forced her way into his head. He could sense her entering and he tried to build false memories, emphasising the coercion of his comrades, but her voice echoed out in his head, ‘Do not try to conceal anything from me barbarian! If you put up barriers to the truth in your mind, I shall tear them down... Painfully if needs be! Relax and allow me to examine your memories lest I leave you in a similar state to poor Gedric!’ It seemed harsh, but she seemed sincere.  Begrudgingly he lowered his mental barriers and allowed her to probe his memories. He experienced the conversation at the table being replayed, over and over again, he could almost sense her considering the implications of what was being said. It felt invasive, more so than before, he found himself cringing and finding it hard not to resist her mental probe.
Eventually having examined his memories in detail, she exited his head, leaving him feeling somewhat violated and disorientated.
‘Humph! You speak a modicum of truth Ri§ine... You did make a rather half hearted attempt to resist your temptation. Though, hmm... I am still disappointed in you. I do not know what to do with you Ri§ine, should I release you from my service and end your training? Or should I punish you and continue our relationship?’
Korhan looked at her, she appeared somewhat triumphant, but at the same time, her anger had faded a little. He remembered being “locked in” and shuddered. It was possibly the most horrible experience of his life. At the same time he couldn’t shake his infatuation with her, and the monopoly on her company this arrangement seemed to promote. He also knew that despite his evident failure to succeed at her ‘tasks’ he was becoming better somehow. More aware of himself? It was early days yet, mere hours since he’d embarked upon this endeavour, yet he knew he was changing...
‘Mir§a Vashni, what punishment had you in mind?’
‘Hah! Tradition would dictate that I should take you over my knee and beat your rebellion out of you, but I am not inclined to waste precious energy and tire myself out giving you corporal punishment. Hmmmm, what to do with you...’
She paused, as if deep in thought. In time a subtle smile grew on her thin lips and her facial expression softened. ‘I may have a solution Ri§ine. I have set myself the task of improving you, so that is what I shall do. I must take care of my Ri§ine, not punish him! Here is my condition to continue our relationship; you shall allow me to place a “resonating whisper” upon you. This is much like any other whisper, except all whispers to people will wear off in time. The cells in your body are constantly renewing themselves and dying, so in time any whisper that is given to an individual will fade as the cells die. A resonating whisper is different, it reinforces itself all the time to ensure it is permanent and stays with you for life... Or until such time as you can resist a whispering...’
‘What do you intend to do to me?’
‘Do to you? I wish to give you a rare gift, placing a resonating whisper upon someone is a tiring, difficult task, only possible by the most skilled whisperers. The function I have in mind, is a whisper that will cause you to... “dislike” meat... No more than that. The mere thought of eating meat will make you feel ill, a little sick. If you do partake of any meat, fish or poultry, then you will vomit it back up... You will no longer be physically able to eat meat. The only exception is bivalves, oysters, which I deem appropriate to consume. Anything else will cause you to be violently ill. This will save you the trouble of having to test your willpower at the dining table. It will do you good Ri§ine. Do you accept my condition?’
Korhan looked uncertain. ‘Permanent? And if our relationship for whatever reason ends, before such a time as I am able to resist whispering, you will remove this whisper?’
‘No, removing meat from your diet will do you good regardless of whether you continue as my Ri§ine or not. Meat is heavy and full of protein; it slows you down and dulls your senses. If our relationship ends, then I will have left you with one thing which has improved you at least and my time with you will not have been a complete waste.’
Korhan sighed. Permanent. He remembered the meal he’d just been eating, he imagined never being able to enjoy such a feast again. He’d always been fond of meat, eating it at every opportunity, at the same time he could understand why she had such a strong opinion about this. He’d touched his horses mind, or what it had of a mind, and though his steed was not able to think in a coherent way, the animal suffered, feared and trusted. The minds of beasts which he’d so often consumed would perhaps be similar. Cows, chickens, sheep, pigs; he was finding himself torn, he understood why she wanted to enforce this rule, but his love of meat pulled at him, urging him to refuse.
After much silent deliberation his infatuation for Vashni got the better of him. He considered that their relationship coming to a closure could cause her to leave the party, and he would never see her again.
‘Mir§a Vashni... I accept this condition. Perform your whisper.’
She smiled at this. ‘Good. This whisper will take a long time to implant, I must embed it deep in your subconscious; you must embrace my words and accept them wholeheartedly. Now, lie on the bed, on your side facing the wall, I wish to get comfortable.’
Gingerly he lay prone on the bed, gazing at the wall. He felt Vashni lie behind him, her breath on the back of his neck, her leather trousers and shirt came into contact with the back of his tunic. Then her velvet gloved hand cupped over his exposed ear and he felt her breath on him.
‘Shhhh, try to relax Ri§ine. I am going to begin.’
She began slowly, her whispering sounding unlike the former whispers. The whisper took a different rhythm to the previous ones too, it had a penetrating quality, the syllables and words sliding together and rolling around in his head, causing the hairs on the back of his neck to stand on end and sending a shiver down his spine. He did as she’d instructed, and embraced the words, accepting them with all his heart, though he didn’t understand their meaning. On occasion she would go back into her normal voice and urge him. ‘Open your mind to me Ri§ine, I wish to go deeper.’
When she said this, he could feel himself inviting her deeper into his mind, whispering not only to his physical form but his mind also, on several levels of his consciousness. It felt intimate, caressing, the words penetrating him and imprinting themselves on his memory.
At some level the words started to resonate, she’d been performing this for over two hours, and her voice slowed and died down , but he felt the power of her words working their way through his mind, reinforcing themselves and repeating themselves.
With a deep sigh she pulled away. ‘There Ri§ine, we are done. Now go and lie in your place on the floor against the door, I have a surprise for you tomorrow.’
He was tired, and sleepy by this point, her hypnotic voice still echoing around his head. ‘Mir§a Vashni, can I not sleep alongside you on the bed?’
‘Do not question me Ri§ine, your place is on the floor, now go before I decide to you punish you further.’
He sighed. ‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni.’
He rose sleepily out of bed and took his place on the floor blocking the doorway, while Vashni spread herself out more comfortably.  She did not change out of her clothes, she’d intended to remove his sight again, then disrobe to her undergarments, but placing the resonating whisper had been too tiring and difficult, and all she could think of doing was sleeping.
Back at the administrative building, the feast was dying down. Saul had rejoined his companions. The fire had burned down to embers and the torches were growing dim. There’d been some banter and chuckles about Korhan being being ‘under the thumb’ of the elf and Saul had told them about the Berger’s daughter and Gedric. The Berger himself had greeted them all again, thanked Saul and retreated to tend to his daughter who appeared now, to be making a slow recovery.
Votrex drained the last jug of ale into his mug and threw it back in one gulp. Then he wiped his lips with his sleeve and stood. ‘Come, we’ve tarried long enough, we should get some sleep.’
Harald rose next. ‘Aye, we should rise early, re-stock our saddlebags and fill our flasks, then leave. I do not wish to watch Gedric’s head roll.’
Silus drained his mug and pushed his plate away, then stood. ‘Humph! He wanted to rob us, and kill us... He clearly intended to ravage the elf. To lose his head is a more merciful fate than he deserves. I realise his pitiful life may have shaped him, but in the end regardless of how his choices in life were shaped, they were still his choices.’
Brael was already striding away from the table, muttering over his shoulder. ‘The loss of any sentient life is a tragedy, but better a vagabond’s than our own. Enough of this moral debate, let us sleep.’
And so the warriors filed out and returned to the Freais Folly Inn, and took their beds for the night.
As the sun rose, illuminating the stained glass window in Vashni and Korhan’s room, Vashni was already on her feet. She strode up to Korhan and gave him an undignified prod with her foot. ‘Come Ri§ine! Wake up!’
Korhan woke; he still had the taste of last night’s feast on his breath. It should have made his mouth water, but instead the lingering flavour made him want to wretch. ‘Urgh, Mir§a Vashni... What did you do to me... I, urgh!’
‘Excellent! I see my resonating whisper has taken. Hopefully that should prevent any further temptation for you to partake of meat. Get up, it is time I announced your reward for your obedience. My surprise.’
He struggled wearily to his feet. ‘Surprise? Reward? What re-’
‘I have decided not simply to train you in the art of mental offence and defence, but in physical offence and defence. I have decided to advance your skills in swordplay.’
He smirked at this. ‘Hah! With respect Mir§a Vashni, I doubt there’s much you can teach me in that area. I am a renowned swordsman, I have fought in many battles, my name is not only feared by men, but by the orcs of Gharzbad and th-’
‘Pffft! We shall see Ri§ine. Come, bring your sword into the courtyard, I wish to test you.’
Smiling with amusement Korhan picked up his great sword and slung it over his shoulder. Vashni strode out of the room with a confident swagger and he followed her all the way to the courtyard. From somewhere within the folds of her cloak she mysteriously drew a sword, as if it had been hidden in the lining somewhere. The blade was strange, curved, thin and sharp looking, longer than a short sword, but shorter than a great sword and with a handle suitable for single handed or double handed combat.
She stood apart from Korhan and swished her blade in a complex pattern. Korhan drew his mighty blade and held it upright alongside him. ‘I do not wish to hurt you Mir§a Vashni.’
‘Hurt me? Touch me with thy blade Northman, and I shall allow you to bed me. I swear this by Orion, the Master Creator!’
Korhan grinned with obvious excitement at the prospect of this ‘prize’ and stepped forward.  He considered his options, after a short deliberation, he decided a playful smack on her bottom with the flat of his sword would be the best option. He shifted his weight one way as a feint, watched for her reaction then slipped his blade in. Of course by the time his blade was where he intended it to be, Vashni had slipped sideways, raising her blade to gently press the tip into the bottom of his chin.
‘You fight like a child Northman. So slow...’
He growled and pulled away whipping his blade up. Instead of contacting her blade she lowered her blade and performed a back walkover in a fast, fluid motion. He glared at her, and adjusted his grip. She was smirking at him. He moved in, gesturing that he was going to tap her on the shoulder with his blade, but sweeping it around to her rump. Vashni spotted the strike and leapt high above the blade, and sideways, landing with her blade gently pressing against his stomach. If she’d used force and the edge of her blade she could easily have slashed him across the torso.
‘I’ve seen “the dead” move faster Ri§ine, are you alive? You appear to be moving in slow motion.’
Korhan glared at her and renewed his attacks, swinging high, low, alternating and shifting his weight around to vary the attacks. Vashni seemed able to predict everything he tried and counter all his attacks with ease, almost effortlessly. Korhan continued his efforts, working up a sweat and fighting until the muscles in his arms burned. Every effort, every attack failed utterly. Vashni was simply far too fast and skilful for him to even trouble her. After another flurry of failed attacks, Korhan slowed, and stood panting. Vashni was not in the least out of breath. ‘Your offence is almost non-existent Ri§ine, you could not best an elf-child! Now prepare yourself, let us test your defences...’
Vashni raised her blade and strode in bobbing left and right...
She was fast, so fast at times her movements were a blur, and she moved unpredictably. When she shifted her weight onto her front foot and started to rain blows on Korhan, he found himself giving ground and desperately blocking and parrying, while she laughed as she fought. Eventually her slender, rapier-like blade swirled his hefty sword and sent it free of his grasp, clattering across the courtyard floor.
‘Have I proved my point Ri§ine? Do you yield?’
He thought about gathering his blade and trying again, but he could not imagine any way of beating her. When she was moving fast, he could barely track her with his eyes, let alone land a blow on her. The speed and ferocity of her attacks had been greater than any warrior he’d ever faced, despite her slight frame. ‘I yield Mir§a Vashni. I will accept your tutelage with the blade.’
‘Hah! Good. The first thing you can do is stop wielding that lump of metal you call a sword. Your weapon is crude and unbalanced, and it is not right for you!’
‘What? Tis the finest blade I have ever wielded, forged for me by Hangmar, Master of the Star Forge!’
‘Humph, yes, yes, I’m sure... It is crude and unbalanced! You would find it more useful for splitting logs than fighting with.’
‘What do you suggest then?’
‘Well, first I shall measure you up, pick up your sword and wait while I gather my tape measure Ri§ine.’
Weary, Korhan gathered his blade up. His arms shook with exertion. Vashni darted to her saddlebags and returned carrying a small tape measure. ‘Now Ri§ine, hold out your sword, I want to examine your grip.’
He did as she asked holding the sword in an offensive pose. While he held his weapon she took the tape and measured the circumference of his wrists, his grip, the handle of the sword, the length of the handle, the length of the blade, his shoulder span, arm length and leg length. The measuring became quite intimate when she was measuring his inner leg. At times he would quiver, and she would scold him. ‘Keep still Ri§ine!’
After the long and tedious measuring session, she stood up and eyed him from head to toe. ‘Your sword is too long, and too heavy Ri§ine, I am amazed you have not been killed in battle trying to fight with such an unwieldy weapon. I will customise “Harbinger” for your height and build. You will feed our horses and prepare me a light breakfast now.’
‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni.’
Korhan went about tending to their horses, while Vashni wandered back inside. She’d neatly stored the measurements in her head. The first task was to ‘unlock’ the sword. To do which she returned to their room and laid the elvish blade on the bed. Then she leaned close to the weapon and began whispering quietly, almost invisible to the naked eye, the engraving started to glow. Gradually the handle altered its angle subtly with the blade, and the blade altered its width and length, slowly reshaping itself. Eventually her whispers died down, but the blade continued the slow subtle changes.
Korhan returned in time, bearing a wooden tray with bread, butter, cheese and some fruit. Vashni was curled up at the head of the bed and she gestured for him to bring the tray over.
‘Good Ri§ine, once I am finished, you may sit on the floor and eat my leftovers.’
Korhan sat on the floor and leaned his back against the foot of the bed. He’d seen ‘Harbinger’ lying on the bed and had mixed feelings about wielding such a weapon. On the one hand it looked like an amazing sword, the craftsmanship seemed to be without equal, but it also seemed unusual and alien compared to what he was used to. With its curved edge and curly engravings running along the length of the blade, it seemed almost... Feminine? Harbinger did not bear the hard, practical look of his great sword. The weapon appeared almost, delicate? He sat listening to Vashni munching away, his thoughts and feelings a whirlpool. Despite her domination of him and her strange ways, he found himself becoming more and more attracted to her. He wondered if she’d subtly enchanted him with one of her whispers, but then she showed him no affection at all, she showed him little but disdain and disappointment...
He was roused from his thoughts by the tray nudging the back of his head. ‘Here Ri§ine, you may finish.’
He sighed, then reached up and took the plate. She’d left him a little of everything, he knew he’d be hungry later, trying to sustain himself on such a light breakfast, but at the same time he was careful not think about his desire for meat, as doing so would make him feel ill.
After they had finished eating they left the room, Harbinger still configuring itself, following Vashni’s instructions. Saul and the rest of the party were already waiting for them in the courtyard, horses loaded with fresh supplies purchased from the innkeeper, and ready.
‘Good morning Mistress Elf, Korhan. I’ve secured some supplies and refilled our flasks at the inn, we’re ready to go.’
Vashni cast her eyes accusingly around the group. ‘Good morning all. My Ri§ine received a stern warning for his transgressions last night. I would thank you all not to interfere with my plans for him again.’
This brought a round of mumbles and muttering, but they all climbed into the saddle and started riding. Korhan fetched Vashni’s horse and watched her tie Harbinger loosely at the side of her steed.  Korhan took his place at the rear, riding a respectful distance from Vashni.
As the riders left the courtyard and rode through the town towards the north gate they spotted a small crowd gathering in the town square. It appeared to be execution time. The Berger had only one candidate, an unknown individual. Gedric, for whatever reason appeared to be absent When they drew level, the Berger, Karras, trotted up to Saul on his horse. ‘Good morning Saul Karza.’
‘Berger. How fares your daughter?’
‘She sleeps, yet we can tell she is recovering. I only wish I could find the means to thank you and the erm, young-‘
‘I see Gedric is not among the condemned? Has his family been to visit him?’
‘Aye, I have decided to spare Gedric Avanti’s judgement for now. His son refused to visit, though his wife visited. I believe she is the one he let down the most. She had no words for him, she slapped him and spat in his face.’
‘Hmmm, I hate to say so, but maybe you are right, a good woman should not be shackled to one who has thrown his life away, always failing to provide for his family and forever making bad decisions in the name of stupidity or selfishness. Perhaps when Gedric recovers his senses, his ordeal will have shaped him for the better.’
‘Will you stay to watch the execution?’
‘No. I am not so voyeuristic as to enjoy watching men butchered, whatever their crime or the walk of life they have taken.’
‘You still sound critical Saul! You are too sentimental and not pragmatic. This man is a thief and a murderer. The people of Briem will expect justice to be served, I shall spare Gedric, because his ordeal may be justice enough and he has not had the benefit of a trial.’
Saul sighed. ‘Farewell, Berger.’
‘Farewell Saul Karza.’
As the riders filed past the Berger towards the north gate, the Berger held out a hand to stop Vashni, who had raised her hood hiding her face and pointed ears. ‘Thank you Mistress Elf.’
‘Humph. Think nothing of it. But speak of my presence here to no one, lest you incur my wrath.’
Saul snapped his reins. ‘Come, we ride for Duramer, tis the last village before Brunwelt.’
Trotting across the square, they couldn’t help but notice the condemned being helped from the cage and laid on the chopping block. The sight tore emotions apart; did men have the right to send others to meet Avanti’s judgement? Whatever lives they had led?
Once clear of the city gates they were soon back in the forest, though not as green or densely wooded here, as it had been on the southern side of Briem.
Chapter 8
~
The Road to Duramer

As the column rode, Brael dropped back level with Korhan. After drawing level, the gravian turned to him. ‘How fare you Avil?’
‘Well... Though-’
‘Do not trouble yourself. Vashni is treating you with some disdain, yes. The others do not understand, but you are receiving a great gift, a gift which has always been withheld from mortals. Try to please her, and listen to her, she can teach you much. I may even be able to teach you myself... That is if I can rid myself of this blasted curse!’
‘Thank you... Brael? I haven’t had much time for anyone since... I should learn more about my companions. I never expected to meet a gravian, let alone end up with one traipsing around after me trying to save my life.’
‘Do not trouble yourself too much Northman, despite her ill-treatment of you the elf seems to find you amusing, I doubt she will allow any harm to come to you... In truth I do not mind following you, the gravity of our quest is a welcome distraction from both my curse and my banishment. I feel I have some purpose in life now; that is a good thing.’
Korhan chuckled. ‘Purpose in life? Back in Trest, you were to be relieved of your life. You being thankful for a purpose in life is amusing.’
‘Amusing? Yes, I take your point. The truth is Avil, when my head was on the block I was not actually too concerned about “losing my life” but “the truth” made me... Hmmm, fearful? Yes... Can you imagine how it feels to “not want to live” yet, “not want to die” at the same time?’
‘This “Truth”, you keep speaking of, what exactly is “the truth”?’
‘What is “the truth”? This is a difficult question to answer Avil... My curse prevents me from being able to explain explicitly. “The Truth” is... Hmmm, the nature of things... Of many things! So much about what people think they know about the world is wrong. I will try to explain “The Truth” better if ever I am able to remove my curse.’
Vashni, who had been allowing her horse to trot along casually, looked up with a startled expression on her face.  She snapped her reins and cantered up to Saul, forcing Korhan to struggle to maintain the right distance between them. ‘Master wizard, we are being followed.’
Saul turned to her. ‘Followed, by whom?’
‘By one... No, two elves. They are flying above us. We will not be capable of outrunning them, our best chance is for you to allow me to speak to them and go along with anything I say.’
Saul raised an eyebrow, sporting a puzzled expression on his face. She glared at him crossly. ‘Tell the others, and make sure they understand the importance of this, they must go along with whatever I say or I will not be joining you on our quest and neither will my Ri§ine!’
This caused Saul to become even more baffled, but sensing the urgency in her voice he spread the message to the rest of them. Of course as the instructions spread to Silus, Votrex, Harald and Brael, murmurs of confusion spread. But even the members of the party who disliked and distrusted the elf agreed to go along with Vashni said, out of curiosity if nothing else.
As the party rode on through the thinning forest, they began looking around for whatever Vashni suggested was following them, one hand on their weapons. Their curiosity was satisfied after having trotted only two hundred yards, flapping could be heard overhead, followed by an unearthly screech. The warriors drew their weapons as two warriors riding Hippogriffs glided in to land.
They were clearly elves, wearing light, flexible armour, of a material unknown and wielding strange looking swords. They controlled and calmed their flying mounts, which had an appearance of being composed of lion, eagle and horse, they then spread out a little. Vashni addressed them before they had a chance to speak.
‘Well, well, my old friends Tavion and Tubol... I would ask “What brings you to this part of Torea?” but I can guess, I’ve been expecting you.’
The leader, Tavion, taller by an inch or two and older looking than his wingman urged his mount to trot forwards. If Votrex, Silus, Harald, Korhan and Saul were fazed by the appearance of these mythical beasts, they didn’t show it, though their hands remained on their weapons. Tavion lowered his weapon. ‘Lady Vashni Ulthi§ira, your presence is requested in Eldenizar at once.’
‘Yes, well. I am quite aware of Lord Su§ak’s desire for my presence in Eldenizar, however I shall politely decline his request for my company and return in my own time.’
‘You are a slippery one Lady Vashni, we have been tracking you since the incident in Cormaroth. Lord Su§ak ordered me to apprehend you at the first opportunity, by force if required.’
‘I am quite aware of your orders Tavion, why do you think I have recruited some of the greatest warriors in Torea to accompany me?’ She began gesturing about the clearing the group of warriors. ‘Let me introduce Saul Karza, Master wizard, servant to the Empress herself, Votrex Vaughn, Gorthok of Durgheim Holt, Harald son of Korvak, Korhan son of Brian, Brael Truthseeker of House Krazic, and Silus Mendelson, dragon slayer... Two of the most powerful magicians in Torea, and four of the mightiest Torean warriors, ever to ride into battle. I have ordered my bodyguards to slay anyone who attempts to kidnap me. So you can turn your mounts around, ride back to Eldenizar and tell my betrothed that if he is so desperate to bring about my return, he can come and ask me himself, though the answer will still be the same.’
Tubol’s winged mount trotted forwards now. ‘How dare you refuse Lord Su§ak! You are dishonouring your house by evading him, frolicking around Torea like a child!  Where is your honour?’
‘I have my honour, but also my free will. I will not wed Lord Su§ak, he would do well to find another and leave me in peace! Now leave or I will order my guard to cut you down where you stand.’
Tubol and Tavion exchanged concerned glances, then eyed the band of warriors with suspicion. They then urged their winged mounts backwards, as they retreated Tavion snarled at Vashni. ‘Lord Su§ak will hear of this! Next time we meet, we will be in greater numbers and you will return to Eldenizar hog-tied and lashed to the back of my mount!’
‘I shall look forward to it, but you are boring me now Tavion. Leave, and take your pathetic lackey with you.’
They backed off further, then leapt into the air with a flurry of furious flaps, before long they were out of sight and couldn’t be heard. Saul snapped his reins and the others followed suit closing in on Vashni, Saul addressed her. ‘What exactly was all that about?’
‘Is it any of your business Wizard?’
‘Seeing as you effectively used us to threaten your pursuers, yes I believe it is!’
‘If you must know, part of the reason I am wandering around Torea is, I absconded... Su§ak was promised my hand a long time ago by my “parents”, for political reasons, to strengthen the relationship between our houses and help to maintain political stability in Eldenizar. However he is boring and I do not wish to spend my days either at his side holding court, nor wandering around his dwelling commanding his servants.  Now, hadn’t we better get going? Don’t we have a dragon to slay?’
‘How did they find you? How long is it likely to be before they catch up with us again?’
‘They probably used magical means to locate me; I suspect my sudden need to whisper at regular intervals gave them a trail to follow. I just hope we can find and defeat this “dragon” before they catch up with us, as your chances of success are likely to be more or less zero without my assistance.’
Votrex and Silus frowned at each other, the dwarf grunted. ‘Humph! Maybe we should have just let them take her!’
‘She’s caused nothing but trouble since she joined us!’
Vashni glared at them. ‘You wish to die? If you do wish me to part company, I would follow you in secret, for the simple pleasure of watching the dragon devour you and so I could laugh at your inept attempts to defeat it!’
Korhan held his hands up. ‘Enough! We are nearly there now, Vashni has proven her worth, at the very least with the Berger of Trest, plus her ability to heal Harald’s arrow wound and save the Berger of Briem’s daughter... You are all fools if you cannot recognise the fact her presence does not increase our chances of success!’
Harald groaned. ‘Korhan speaks the truth! Vashni has proven her usefulness time and again in the short time since she’s joined us. Had she not intervened, we would all be lying dead on the forest floor outside Trest, our corpses riddled with quarrels!’
Saul and Brael were nodding agreement as Korhan and Harald spoke. Votrex broke the deadlock with a sigh. ‘My apologies Mistress Elf, they speak the truth. I am grateful you decided to join us, I just find the thought of warriors from Eldenizar pursuing us on winged mounts... Disconcerting...’
‘Hah! Understandable stout one, your race spends so much of its time deep under the ground, the thought of soaring through the sky on a Hippogriff must be terrifying indeed. Your apology is accepted. Now, we ride!’
She snapped her reins and trotted to the front of the line, with Korhan taking his place behind her and Brael following along after while Silus scowled silently at her. As the morning turned into afternoon the forest thinned and gave way to plains, with the towering Sky Cleavers in the distance.
As they rode Korhan snapped his reins to ride closer to Vashni. ‘Mir§a Vashni, may I ask you a question?’
‘Yes Ri§ine, what would you like to know?’
‘Tavion and Tubol... They seemed... Hmmm, they seemed rather easily inclined to believe your somewhat fanciful tale of bodyguards, famous magicians and mighty warriors... Did you use some enchantment on them?’
‘Enchantment? Dear me Ri§ine you have a lot to learn. Like most elves, Tavion and Tubol do not venture far from Eldenizar. They do not have the experience of travelling around Torea that I do. They... Ri§ine, they are extremely susceptible to being deceived. Elves are generally uncomfortable with deceit; deceit is something they struggle to wrap their heads around... I have no problems both detecting and using deceit, but this is an unusual trait for an elf, and it is a product of my time amongst humans. Should you ever face an elf in battle, then you should bear this in mind. Your hand and your mind may never be as swift as an elf, but you have something valuable which you can use to your advantage.’
‘The elves, they seem so.... Mir§a Vashni, I cannot understand why elves are not more prominent in Torea, masters of the blade, whisperers, skilled in the magical arts... Why do humans rule Torea and not elves?’
‘That is a good question Ri§ine, and here is your answer: A long time ago battles were fought between elves and humans for sovereignty of Torea. The humans won, in part, because of their skill at deception, but also because of something else they are particularly good at. That other “skill” if you could call it that, is also why they rule Torea instead of the dwarves. Hmmm, humans are fast and prolific breeders. Dwarves and elves generally do not procreate until they are at least a hundred years old in the case of dwarves or five hundred years old in the case of elves. I do not know too much about dwarfish culture, but in elvish culture a council meeting is held every time a couple wishes to bear a child, agreement of the council must be won and for political reasons the case for a couple to bear a child may be opposed. Perhaps by members of another house, perhaps by persons of your house whose power and prominence will be affected by your spawning a child.  The result is having a child is a long, drawn out, difficult process. Elven mothers carry their children in their womb for twenty months, during which time they are generally encouraged to do little or nothing at all. The cost of a child on elvish society is significant, and as such, most elves simply do not bother. Even when an elf is born, they are considered an infant for at least sixty years and a child for at least two hundred years. Consider this Ri§ine, in the time it takes for a hundred elves to give birth to, raise and train a hundred warriors, humans could breed and breed and have several thousand. I hate to embarrass you with this fact, but the main reason for the prominence of humans in Torea, is you are so successful at procreation; usually by the time humans are twenty five years old, most of them have five or more children.’
Korhan screwed his face up, what she was telling him sort of made sense, but he couldn’t imagine a reality where the times and lifespans were stretched out so. He ran his eyes over her, from her feet to the tips of her ears, studying her pointed features; her skin was smooth, almost milky. When she spotted him looking she frowned, snorted and pulled her hood up.
‘Mir§a Vashni, how old are you?’
‘How rude to ask a lady such a question! Especially your Mir§a! You do not need to know Ri§ine, so I will not tell you. I have not set you any exercises today thus far, I shall allow you to use your senses, but I want you to practise containing your thoughts again. No stray thoughts, keep your mind on what you are doing!’
‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni...’
He allowed himself to fall back a little. As the party rode, the forest grew thinner and thinner, eventually giving way to large, flat, windswept plains with the Sky Cleavers rising out of the mist in the distance. The ability to focus came a little easier now, he felt himself building a mental wall around his thoughts, and considering all aspects of the ride.  For long spells, the rest of the party rode in silence, pulling their cloaks tightly about them to shelter from the driving wind. The road here was almost non-existent, signs of civilisation were sparse and the only sound was the rushing wind, the tapping of the horses’ hooves and distant calls of wild animals.
The afternoon wore on; grey clouds gathered overhead and a light drizzle started to fall, made worse by the howling wind. As they rode, a large rocky outcrop jutted up from the plain, jagged and angled. The rock formation looked like it might offer some shelter, and though it was still only late afternoon, the miserable weather and the fact that the sky was becoming so dark caused Saul to point at it and lean close to Votrex. ‘We should take shelter beneath that rocky outcrop, we will not be able see where we are going soon and Duramer is still many hours ride from here.’
Votrex snorted. ‘Humph, speak for yourself wizard, I can see perfectly! As would you, had you lived most of your life underground... Hmmm, but aye, the weather is getting worse. I’ll spread the word.’
Gradually he manoeuvred his horse about the group and told everyone what the plan was. They all muttered agreement of course and soon the group was leaving the road, trotting along the scrubland towards some jagged rocks, which overhung a sheltered nook.
Tired, cold and wet, the riders dismounted. Korhan of course, tying up Vashni’s horse and setting its nosebag before attending to his own steed. The rocks offered some shelter from the wind and the rain and drearily they set about making camp. Some floor space was cleared for the sleep mats; a small fire pit was built from loose rocks. Dead wood was scarcer here than in the forest and throwing together a small fire took some time. Fearful of giving Tavion and Tubol an easier job of tracking them, Vashni declined to light the fire with a whisper and Saul wanted to preserve his magic for the encounter with the dragon, so Votrex set the wood blazing with some kindling, a tinderbox and a lot of skill and patience.
As the group took their seats around the fire and started opening their packs, Korhan rose and strode away from the fire. The thought of watching his companions tucking into dried meats turned his stomach. Whatever Vashni had done to him had worked, and worked well. As far as he was concerned he never wanted to eat a piece of meat again in his life.
His attention was drawn by soft footsteps approaching. He glanced over his shoulder to watch Vashni stepping up.
‘Are you alright Ri§ine?’
He sighed. ‘Yes... Whatever you did to me... The resonating whisper... It worked spectacularly, I am hungry, but meat... Urgh!’
‘Good. You need to lose weight anyway Ri§ine. Come, I wish to see how well Harbinger suits you now.’
He then noticed she’d been carrying the elvish great sword. She lifted the weapon and handed it to him.
‘Take it; show me your ready stance.’
‘Ready stance? Mir§a Vashni I do not-’
‘You do not have a “ready stance”? Then stand how you would stand if you were about to defend yourself.’
He spread his legs a little for stability, and raised the sword vertical to one side of his body. The blade was light and well balanced. The handle seemed almost moulded to his hands and the blade, almost like an extension of his arms. Vashni smirked at his expression. ‘You like Ri§ine? You now wield an excellent weapon, but your technique is pathetic. I’ve seen more finesse from a butcher’s apprentice, than you showed with your lump of iron. I shall correct this... But first, tell me, how did you learn to fight Ri§ine?’
‘Ever since I can remember I sparred with sticks, wooden swords and old swords with dull blades. I have fought in battles against the orcs, and the men of Habarata and-’
‘So during your short life, nobody ever actually taught you any techniques? It’s a wonder you’re still alive. You must have some talent hidden away inside you somewhere. Stand with your feet a shoulder width apart; hold your sword out in front of you... Good. Now lower the blade so it is pointed ever so slightly upwards.’
Korhan carefully followed her instructions. He would not have been able to hold his own great sword for long in this position. Despite the lightness of Harbinger, after a few seconds his hands were shaking. Vashni looked at them disapprovingly, then stepped forwards and slapped him hard across the cheek, making his face red. ‘Show some determination Ri§ine! Hands higher, blade lower! Bend your knees... More! I can tell we have at least as much work to do with your swordsmanship, as we do with your spongy mind... Now hold that position!’
Korhan's forearms were soon burning; his shoulders ached, Vashni turned her back on him and began walking towards the fire. ‘Where are you going Mir§a Vashni!?’
‘To eat silly! Keep holding that position, after I have eaten I will teach you the beginner’s sword form. Keep your mind on what you are doing, focus! Test the weight of the blade in your hand; try to get a feel for the length and the balance of the blade!’
With that she was sitting by the fire unpacking some bread, fruit and other provisions. He caught her in the corner of his eye talking with the others, eating, and drinking. He began to feel bitter, and somewhat cheated. He straightened his knees a little to ease the pain, but Vashni spotted him and called over. ‘Bend your knees Ri§ine!’
At the fire Harald shook his head at Vashni. ‘Why do you treat him so?’
She shrugged. ‘I find treating him like this amusing... Training Korhan amuses me greatly, plus I do not wish for the fun to end when we meet this “dragon” so I am trying to ensure he can survive the encounter.’
Silus laughed. ‘Hah! What about the rest of us? Do you not care if we live or die?’
Vashni smiled warmly at him. ‘No. Not particularly, you are boring. I shall try to keep you all from being killed when the time comes... Provided Tavion and Tubol have not been successful in apprehending me that is, but I can only focus on one person at a time; I have decided to try to make Korhan the greatest warrior he can be; partly because watching him suffer and fail is quite amusing, and partly because I like a challenge. If a person tells me it can’t be done, I question that. The more impossible the challenge, the more attempting the task intrigues me. Korhan is inept, clumsy and has an undisciplined, mind, somewhat like a wet sponge. Training him will be an excellent, near impossible challenge.’
Harald chuckled. ‘That is why you seek the dragon too then? Korhan is as skilled a swordsman as I have met, you mock his skill, but he is brave and-‘
‘Yes, yes, I’m sure he fares as well as the next man against Goblins, Orcs and destitute farmers turned bandits, but he would be no match for any of the magical races. There are creatures beneath the earth more dangerous than any you might have encountered Harald, ask the short one, his race knows this well.’
Votrex nodded. ‘Aye, there are evils beneath the world which cannot be killed, which can only be contained, at significant cost to life and magic. Wyrms, trolls, giant spiders, giant scorpions and worse, undead, the ratmen, daemons, extra-dimensional beings which have escaped from the Nether... Tis a constant battle to keep such things out of a Holt.’
Sweat was pouring off Korhan’s brow now and his legs and arms were trembling. Vashni finished her mouthful, rose and strode over to him. She stood at his side eyeing him up and down critically for a few moments, before letting out a long sigh. ‘You are weak Ri§ine... You should repeat this exercise every day, until you can stand like this comfortably. Now copy me.’
She removed her blade from within her cloak and matched Korhan’s stance. Then she began executing a series of moves and instructing Korhan as she performed the moves herself. ‘First slip your right foot back like this and transfer about two thirds of your weight onto your right foot. At the same time transfer the sword into your right hand and raise the handle so it is level with your eyes, extend your left arm straight and point your fingers, point the tip of your blade at your fingers... Good. Now step forwards with the right leg, and make a swing towards your own neck height with the blade at about forty five degrees, ending the move by clasping the handle in both hands.  Now step your right foot behind your left in a double step so you end up with your left leg back, two thirds of your weight on the left, and execute a low parry like this, parrying from right to left. Good. Now step your right leg back and swing the sword one handed in a spinning neck chop, blade horizontal. Now step the right leg back, middle parry left to right. Make three steps forwards like this, slicing at the neck on the first step, slashing to the torso on the second. On the third step perform a rising block with the sword, a short swirl clockwise and a thrust to the heart like so... Now we return to the ready position, and repeat the pattern, mirror image; this time starting by slipping the left foot back.’
She moved fluidly, and Korhan struggled to keep up with her. Remembering the order of moves and where to step was difficult, but she repeated the form several times with Korhan performing alongside her. It was strange. As an exercise, initially he questioned its worth, but after going through the form several times he found himself aching in places he didn’t normally ache. He was using muscles and moves he might not normally use, strengthening his body and making him more familiar with his blade. Once he had the moves memorised, Vashni lowered her sword and slid the blade into its hidden scabbard in her cloak, then she stood and watched him continue performing the form with a critical eye, stopping him from time to time to make corrections.
‘Stop! Blade tip lower, deeper stance! More weight on the back foot! Bend your front knee... Good, continue.’
He moved backwards and forwards repeating the pattern of moves and growing more tired, but more fluid and confident with each repetition.  With each performance of the form, Vashni would stop him at different points to correct his stance or the way he was holding the blade. On occasion she would grab his arms, his hands, his hips or his shoulders and manipulate them manually into where she thought they ought to be.
The others were watching from the fire pit, chewing their provisions and swigging mead. Votrex leaned towards Harald. ‘Would you say he’s getting any better?’
‘I know not Votrex... He seems to move with more confidence, but what can repeating this simple pattern of moves teach him? Surely one cannot learn to fight without a partner to compete against?’
Brael overheard. ‘There are many aspects to fighting; this kind of exercise is also common in Durth Orza... Sword forms hone your mind and body. Sparring is important also of course, but in the heat of sparring one cannot give careful consideration to the quality of one’s technique.’
Saul nodded. ‘I still don’t know how much to trust her... Elves are known for being mischievous and troublemakers. I think Brael is right though, whatever her motives, she is trying to make Korhan a better warrior. I believe she is succeeding too.’
Eventually, after practising the form many, many times and being scolded many, many times by Vashni, Korhan lowered Harbinger. ‘Mir§a Vashni, I cannot continue, my arms and legs are burning!’
She smirked at him. ‘Good Ri§ine, our exercise must be having an effect. I want ten more repetitions; make them good ones, then you may eat and sleep. I will prepare some food for you while you practise.’
With that she wandered back to her horse and delved into her saddlebags. Korhan did as instructed, trying to move fluidly and form good positions and stances with each move. Continuing to repeat the form was hard, hard work, there was so much to concentrate on getting right. As he finished his final repetition, she approached with a white cloth containing some bread, cheese and fruit.
‘Here Ri§ine. You are clumsy, and you are slow to learn, but I can tell you’re doing your best. Eat, rest, then try harder tomorrow. When you lie down to sleep tonight, visualise yourself performing this form, go through the moves in your mind, keep checking your stances and your hand positions. Tomorrow we will do better hmmm?’
With that she turned her back on him and walked back to the fire to lie on the sleep mat where Korhan had laid it out for her. He stood watching the rain fall beyond the shelter of the rocky outcrop, going over the moves in his mind. He knew he was getting stronger, his muscles ached, but he could feel himself changing. He finished the food and retired to his sleep mat. Votrex had long finished his meal and drank a good half flask of mead before he turned to the others. ‘I am well rested, I shall take first watch tonight.’
Harald lay on his mat. ‘Wake me when you tire, I shall take second watch.’
Votrex did not tire until daybreak, and as the sun rose on the horizon, he roused Harald and took to his mat for a couple of hours. When Korhan finally woke his stomach was rumbling, and his whole body ached. He was awoken by Vashni, who roused him by shoving him harshly with her foot. ‘Come Ri§ine, it is time to get up!’
He groaned and rose groggily, his aching muscles screaming at him for the whole manoeuvre. When he was standing she reached up and placed her fingertips on his temples. ‘Prepare yourself Ri§ine, I shall invade your mind, try to repel me...’
Without warning her presence was in his head, like an intruder stamping around, he tried to focus, to shut her out, this time as he provided more resistance she gently applied more pressure, roaming where she wanted to in his memories and conscious mind, but on occasion slowing to prise open the mental doors he was closing to check her progress.  He could feel himself resisting, but he knew he was helpless to stop her, and at her mercy. Eventually she withdrew. ‘Good Ri§ine. You are starting to put up some resistance. Rather pathetic resistance, but some... Maybe there is hope for you? I noticed you have been going over the sword form in your head; that is good. Now, I shall test your willpower.’
She leaned closer and whispered to him. ‘§ara Shoriuda di§airm §uisquira shom.’
Without warning, he began kneeling. His muscles screamed for mercy at the sudden motion as he knelt down and kissed her boot, to the chuckles of the others.
When he rose Vashni was frowning at him. ‘Hmmm, you must try harder Ri§ine. Now pack up our things and prepare my horse.’
While Korhan busied himself attending to the horses Brael approached. ‘Lady Vashni, would you examine my curse again? I would like to remove it before our encounter with the dragon, the restoration of my magical abilities would improve our chances. I fear time is running out. If you cannot unspeak the power word, is it possible you could remove the curse with a whisper?’
‘Hmmm, let me examine the glyph again.’
He turned his back and allowed her to gently part his matted black hair to study the cursive writing, swirling and writhing in the tattoo on his neck. ‘It is still impossible for me to decipher gravian. Would you like to make another guess?’
Brael sighed. ‘Yes... First, try to describe what you see; can you read any of the symbols at all?’
Vashni was quiet for a moment as she studied the writhing symbol as it morphed and changed. ‘I cannot read a word of the text. There’s something like a black sun, with dark swirly snakes or flames or something flickering out from the middle, the snakes are covered in words, but the writing is tiny and undecipherable... Then the glyph breaks up and re-makes itself into a spiral, which has some tiny words in it too, they look quite elvish, something like’ Vraic §iue zu§h awena’… Then the whole symbol swirls around, clockwise, anti-clockwise and settles down into a zig zag pattern made of words... It now changes back into the sun, but the symbol keeps changing…. Tis truly hard to make out anything meaningful.’
Brael listened, then thought carefully, going through the possibilities in his head. Eventually he took a deep breath and gave a deep sigh. ‘Try “Aili§ura §our§a, Ur§hoth, varoth §a anwea h§uz euiz carivsh cara ilketh e§o.“.’ Vashni repeated this and peered at the tattoo, there was no flash of lightning and the symbol did not change. She tried again, with more care, then tried switching the order of the words around and changing her pronunciation.
Eventually she groaned. ‘I’m sorry Brael, no change... Unless you can come up with another phrase to try, I think you shall remain cursed, at least for now. Let me know if you think of something else. Though I am doubtful we can enjoy success this way.’
He sighed. ‘I agree. Can you try to whisper the symbol off?’
Vashni leaned closer, so her breath fell on the back of his neck, she began uttering a soft, subtle whisper, eventually Brael started panting and making muffled grunts...
‘Stop! Stop! It burns so... I do not think you can remove it with a whisper, the curse appears to be protected from being removed by force.’
Vashni shrugged. ‘I am sorry Brael, I did my best... Come, get your mount ready, we should ride.’
Votrex had packed his steed and removed an ornate dwarfish breastplate from his bulging saddlebags.  He pulled it over his head and fastened the clips holding it onto his torso. Silus sneered at him. ‘I don’t know why you bother dwarf. Armour will only encumber you and will offer no protection.’
‘Speak for yourself dragon slayer, this armour does not encumber me, and though it might not offer much protection from a dragon’s breath, a claw or tooth, it might.’
Saul had loaded his horse up and was wandering about the area plucking plants from the earth, studying them and throwing some aside, but tucking some into a small satchel. Harald eyed him with suspicion. ‘What are you doing wizard?’
‘Ahhh... Harald, I’ve spotted some interesting plants around here; I should be able to take some of these and use them to brew some potions that might aid our battle with the dragon. Break up the fire pit; I shall be ready to leave in a few moments.’
Harald broke up the fire and attended to his own horse.  Once all the horses were watered, and riders mounted they trotted back to the road in slow procession. Before Korhan could drop back to his place behind Vashni, she leaned towards him. ‘Ri§ine, this morning I want you to continue practising the first sword form in your head. Remember what I told you about technique; stop and mentally check that you are visualising the correct positions, I will test you later.’
‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni.’
The wind had died down now and the rain had stopped. The scrubland was soggy underfoot from the previous night’s downpour and the sky loomed grey and overcast. Once the companions had made their way back to the road, they found the road a muddy, sludgy mess. The horses trudged on, the warriors occasionally reaching into their saddlebags for sustenance. By midday, the ramshackle, randomly placed buildings of Duramer could be seen in the distance and the clouds were breaking to allow a few rays of sunlight down onto the plain. By the time the buildings were in clear sight, Korhan had repeated the sword form many, many times and felt mentally exhausted.
On the outskirts of the large village, a blacksmith was hammering at his forge. The smith didn’t appear to be around, but they could see his smoky hut and hear the clanging of the hammer. A youngish boy, maybe of thirteen or fourteen years was darting in and out fetching things. When the riders approached the boy frowned at them worriedly, but Saul held his palm aloft. ‘Do not worry young one, we come in peace.’
The boy did not appear completely satisfied at this but he relaxed slightly. ‘Who are you then? And what are you doing up here? We don’t get many empire folk up here.’
‘We are here to investigate reports of a dragon, terrorising the village of Brunwelt, to the east. Our mission is to establish whether these reports are true, and if they are, to slay the dragon.’
‘Well, you’d better not ride into town then. Your so-called “reports” are true; there is a dragon over at Brunwelt. Everyone’s gone a bit crazy over it. It’s... It’s all a bit weird. You’d better speak to father, he’s working the forge now and he’ll need to finish the pieces he’s working on, but if you ride into town, well... Not everyone is unhappy about the dragon. He’s a proper dragon you know. They say he can talk, they say he calls himself “Thrax”. Tie your horses up, I’ll get father.’
With that, the young boy scampered into the smoke filled hut. Saul glanced around at his companions, Votrex shrugged, and dismounted, slowly the others followed and one by one they tied their horses up at the hitching post.
After he’d dismounted from his horse Harald shook his head at Saul. ‘People aren’t unhappy about the dragon? How can this be? A huge, fire breathing, man-eating beast turns up and people think-… He’s implying we are likely to receive a hostile reception in this village, for wanting to vanquish the dragon? I don’t understand, I assumed people would be pleased!’
Silus, who had been dismounting behind, overheard him. ‘You still seem to think we are dealing with an ordinary, yet particularly dangerous beast. Did you not listen to anything I told you in the alehouse in Trest? Dragons are clever, manipulative. I hate to tell you this, given how much I dislike and distrust the elf, but her training in mental defence would benefit us all. Of course that is assuming we can even get to the dragon before the villagers of Brunwelt stop us.’
Saul turned to him. ‘Was this the case all those years ago? Did you encounter the same sort of problems with locals?’
‘No, the Empress knew about the emergence very quickly so that specimen... Firus... I might as well tell you its name. Firus did not have time to establish followers and so forth before we were sent to hunt the beast. We do not even know how much time has passed since this “Thrax” has risen from his long slumber. Perhaps the blacksmith can tell us more? Either way, I have conversed with a dragon, and it does not surprise me at all that this beast has managed to manipulate the people into-’
‘Worshipping him like a god.’
They turned as the blacksmith, covered in sweat emerged from his forge. He was a tall man, barrel chested, with arms bulging with muscle. His wife, red faced and tired looking, followed him out. Saul held his palm up. ‘We come in peace, I am Saul Karza, emissary of the Empress. We are here to slay your dragon.’
‘You’d do well to keep your mission to yourself Saul Karza, people around here won’t be too pleased to hear it. Tam Briarly, I’m Duramer’s blacksmith.’
Harald stared at him. ‘Worship him like a god? What madness is this?’
‘That beast is a cunning one. He doesn’t kill indiscriminately; he’s beguiled the village council, promised them something or other. Ishar knows what, but they’ve more or less formed a cult with Ramon Hern, the head of the village council as high priest and “Thrax” as their god. They’ve started-’
His wife cast him a worried frown and his eyes drifted down to the floor in dismay. ‘They’ve started sacrificing people to... Once a week they take one girl... I’m sorry.’
The warriors exchanged glances, a mixture of disbelief and disgust, that people could die this way.
Korhan stepped forwards, forgetting his commitment to maintaining a position behind his Mir§a. ‘When is the next sacrifice due to take place? We must stop it!’
‘I guess they’ll be taking her up to his lair... Maybe tomorrow, if not; the day after?’
‘Have you seen the dragon? How big is the beast?’
‘I do not know, no one has seen him bar Ramon and, perhaps a couple of others? They lead cattle, or other livestock up every few days, the beast seems to remain in his cave for most of the time. Why wouldn’t he, when his loyal followers are running around tending to his needs?’
The boy at this point pulled on his father’s heavy apron and whispered in his ear. The blacksmith sighed, then whispered to his wife. She gave him a look of sheer horror and disgust. ‘Tam! You CAN’T let him go! Tell me you’re not going to support this folly!’
The boy glared at her, the blacksmith sighed and looked her in the eye. ‘Mildred, he’s fourteen; I don’t know if it’s right that I stop him. Tis a noble endeavour and... Well, should they fail, at least he can report back to us, he should be in no danger himself.’
Saul stepped closer. ‘What is he proposing?’
‘My son, Callen here... He wants to take you to Thrax’s lair. He’s followed Ramon up there a couple of times. He can show you a way up to the cave which avoids Duramer and Brunwelt.’
Mildred scowled at the warriors then turned her back on them and stormed into the house.
The blacksmith shook his head at her as she slammed the door after her, then he turned back to the companions. ‘She’ll come around, if the rest of the villagers find out he’s helped you, they’ll be after us... Hmmm, feed and water your horses, I am a farrier as well, so I shall shoe your horses for you. If I’m asked, I’ll tell them that you were travellers come to get your horses shod. You should travel by night, the skies are clear and moonlit, and you are less likely to be seen and challenged by the so called, “Servants of the Flame”. Callen will lead you to Thrax’s lair and take care of your horses until you return, or until such time as he is sure you are all dead. I’m sorry to sound so grim, but what little I know of the beast, leads me to believe your chances of success are low if existent at all.’
Saul cast a sly glance about his companions. ‘You might well think that, but we have a few surprises up our sleeves for “Thrax”. If anyone can defeat Thrax and end this madness, it is us.’
This caused Tam to shudder. ‘Callen, take them in, give them mead and food.’
The warriors filed into the small timber frame house next to the smithy. A small fire burned in the fireplace, and as they took seats at the table, Callen fetched mead and mugs, while Mildred prepared some simple food, bread and cheese. They heard the sound of Tam outside dealing with their horses as they sat. Mildred had a cauldron of stew cooking over the fire. The warm smoky atmosphere, the smell of good home-cooking... It was all a welcome respite from their grim task, at least to the humans in the group. In truth even Votrex felt somewhat at ease, the fire, the smell and the dark of the cottage reminding him of his father’s chambers in Durgheim Holt. They sat and ate in silence. After a while Mildred served out a small portion of stew to each member of the party in a wooden bowl, except to Korhan and Vashni who both refused, though in truth there was little meat to speak of in the stew.
Once he’d eaten Votrex pushed his empty plate and bowl aside and gulped his mead down, before catching Mildred eyeing him with suspicion. ‘Thank you for the food. Tis a good stew.’
‘Well, it’s not really... It’s the best I can do with the scraps of meat and poor vegetables we have. Hmmm, you’re a dwarf...’
Votrex chuckled at this. ‘Yes I am! That is an astute observation!’
Her eyes settled on Vashni, who had lowered her hood to eat. ‘And an elf?’
Vashni smiled sarcastically. ‘Yes indeed.’
She fixed her eyes on Brael. ‘So what manner of creature is the grey-skin?’
‘I am a citizen of Durth Orza, a gravian. Sometimes referred to as a dark elf.’
‘Hah! You spend most of your life wondering if the magical races are true or legend, then the whole complement turns up at once!’
Saul smirked. ‘Well, considering we are here to slay your dragon, a member of a race which everyone thought was long extinct, our presence has a certain irony doesn’t it? Anyway, I can assure you we do not have the full complement, many other dangerous creatures live deep under the ground, and the Empire is under constant threat of being invaded by the orcs and goblins of Gharzbad.‘
‘Humph... Well, I hope you succeed. I must warn you though, if you DO succeed against the odds, do not attempt to ride triumphantly into Brunwelt. The Servants of the Flame will attack you on sight once they realise you have slain their god. If you survive the encounter, I suggest you flee as fast as your horses will carry you, though I am sorry to say, I am doubtful you can succeed.’
The atmosphere grew more sombre from this point, each lost in their own thoughts, supping their mead and avoiding conversation. The fire died down to glowing embers, the silence was broken when Tam strode in through the door. ‘Your horses are shod, I would normally ask for four silver pieces for the work, but as you’re riding into battle against “Thrax” I shall not charge you.’
Saul rose and pulled out his coin purse. ‘Tam, if your advice saves us the trouble of dealing with the Servants of the Flame, then I think it’s our duty to pay you. Besides, if we don’t make it back, I shall not be able to repay my debt until we meet again in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead.’
Brael shuddered at this for some reason, unnoticed to the others. Saul reached in and pulled out two gold pieces and handed them to Tam Briarly. ‘Here, take this with my thanks.’
Tam glanced about the group, and sighed. ‘The sun is setting; the time has come for you to leave. Good luck, and don’t forget to avoid Brunwelt afterwards. The madness is bad in Duramer, but in Brunwelt the madness is on another scale altogether.’
Saul pushed his chair back under the table as the others rose. ‘Come, we should leave.’
Tam pressed a hand on Callen’s shoulder. ‘Son, avoid the road, take them north into the foothills, before heading west. If you see any sign of the Servants of the Flame, try to remain unseen.’
The blacksmith turned and frowned sternly at the band of warriors. ‘Should you run into any of the Servants of the Flame, you may have little choice but to kill them, they are dangerous fanatics. I wish this weren’t so, but they are not only your enemy, they are also the people you are trying to save. If eliminating Thrax ends this cult and makes them see reason, then an encounter might not be a problem, but we can’t be sure the death of Thrax will restore their sanity.  I would suggest it might be best if you could avoid any encounters, just in case their madness continues beyond the death of their dragon.’
Vashni who had been stepping to the exit, pushed the door open. ‘We shall try to avoid them, and I will try to make sure no harm comes to Callen.’
Mildred sank down into one of the empty chairs now, clearly troubled. Tam followed them to the door and watched them ride off, away from the village and to the north. The Sky Cleavers were close now, towering up into the clouds, their black rocky outcrops looming over them, full of foreboding. Broken shards of rock and boulders littered the moor. The horses had to tread carefully, picking their way through the gloom towards the base of the mountains. Silus riding in the middle of the group, gazed up at the sheer rock face and shook his head. ‘I’ve never been this close to the Sky Cleavers... I doubt any man could climb such an unforgiving cliff face.’
Vashni chuckled. ‘I think you are right Silus Mendelson, though in truth I could climb this face with ease. Boredom would be the barrier to me being able to reach the summit.’
Callen, riding on his pony turned back to them. ‘Shhh! There might be Servants of the Flame around! We don’t want to be detected!’
So they rode on in silence. The moon was full and high in the sky, lighting the moor surprisingly well. The village didn’t appear to be stirring, the large collection of ramshackle buildings stood silent and dark. As they hugged the base of the Sky Cleavers, making their way to Thrax’s lair, a few lights were visible to the south-west. It seemed though Duramer slept; Brunwelt was still harbouring some activity. Saul urged his horse to trot up alongside Callen. ‘What is going on in Brunwelt do you think? I see lights, but tis late?’
‘I think they throw a sort of “party” for the one who is being sacrificed; I guess that’s it... I suppose we are at least heading out on the right day, we should rest though, we’ll need to get to the cave early if we want to save her from being... Urgh!’
Harald trotted up now. ‘Callen, you and your father keep referring to the sacrifice as “she”. Is Thrax so discriminating?’
‘I dunno... Ramon always selects the fire queen, and she is always a young maiden of... Hmmm, probably having seen around twenty five winters? He never picks children, nor old hags, and they are never skinny girls... ‘
‘Fire queen?’
‘Yeah, that’s what they call the victim; she gets to be a sort of princess for a day, humph! Not that it should make their fate any more desirable.’
Saul screwed his face up. ‘One a week? Plus cattle and other livestock? Is this sustainable?’
‘Lots of people live in Brunwelt, more than Duramer. Don’t forget, the old dwarven, fortified town of Strak lies over to the west and there are many smaller settlements, farms and smallholdings around. He’s been at this for months now. I suppose in time he’ll have to look further afield, or be less particular about his diet.’
Korhan grimaced, the talk of eating young maidens triggered his ‘resonating whisper’ somehow and turned his stomach. ‘Urgh, how can an intelligent creature eat another?’
This caused Vashni to smirk. ‘Until recently Ri§ine, you were guilty of this yourself! You can wipe that expression off your face, intelligence is proportional, no, a horse cannot understand Torean, but neither can you understand horse! Maybe Thrax views humans in the same way that humans view cows or pigs? As uncomfortable as you may be with the idea, to me this seems likely. In Brunwelt, with the formation of the Servants of the Flame and the weekly tradition of choosing a “fire queen” and sacrificing her to him, he has effectively created himself a human farm!’
Korhan grimaced. ‘Please Mir§a Vashni, can we not speak of such things?!’
‘As you wish Ri§ine.’
They rode on in silence for some time, Korhan still practising his sword form in his head, the others lost in their thoughts. Eventually Callen turned his pony north towards a narrow gully between two large round boulders, barely wide enough for a horse and rider. The others followed him to a large, almost circular flat area between the sheer rocks, the floor covered in loose shale.
His pony slowed and he pulled the animal to one side, before turning to the others. ‘We stop here. I shall take you to the cave tomorrow on foot.’
The warriors dismounted, Korhan tended to Vashni’s horse before his own as ever, he then placed her sleep mat in a sheltered position before finding a spot for his own. As Votrex laid out his sleep mat, he glanced up at the others. ‘We should not light a fire tonight, there is little fuel here anyway, and the smoke and flames may draw attention to our presence.’
This drew murmurs of agreement. Soon everyone had a spot. This was going to be a cold, uncomfortable night without the warmth of a fire. Before he could settle for the night, Korhan turned as Vashni’s slender hand grasped his shoulder. ‘Ri§ine, I want you to practise the sword form before we sleep tonight, try to control your thoughts while you practise. ‘
‘Yes, Mir§a Vashni.’
She strode over to the others. ‘I will make this offer only once, if anyone would like me to attempt to whisper them some resistance to mental attacks, I shall. The effects will wear off a little by tomorrow, but I do not wish to expend energy just before confronting the beast on whispers. Who would like to accept my offer?’
The band exchanged glances, Saul answered first. ‘Thank you for the offer lady Vashni, but I think my training in mental defence should suffice and I would not want you to expend unnecessary energy on me.’
‘That is true wizard; you should fare better than most... The same is true of you dwarf; your kind are naturally resilient to mental attacks... Brael, you certainly do not need my assistance... So Silus?’
‘Humph! I... Grrr... I... You’re probably right... I’m sorry for my former hostilities lady Vashni, let us make amends, I shall accept your gift.’
‘As will I, If you are offering it to me.’
‘Harald? Of course my offer extends to you; I shall do the dragon slayer first... Now sit still, and listen... Embrace my words.’
She stepped over, leaned close to Silus and began uttering quiet whispers for some time. He gasped as he experienced the effects, tightening up his consciousness and reining in stray thoughts, while building a mental wall about his core mind. Next she strode over to Harald and repeated the whisper, finally she turned to Korhan. ‘Come Ri§ine, it is your turn.’
‘You didn’t ask me whether I wished to accept this!’
‘No, I didn’t... You are my Ri§ine, as long as this is true you are under my care and I shall make all decisions about your welfare. You are making progress, but you are not ready to rely on your own mental skills. I do not wish to watch you get killed tomorrow, so sit still and listen!’
Korhan subdued, sat down and allowed her to whisper to him. The sensation was a concentrated feeling of how his mind was changing through Vashni’s training. Everything felt more measured and controlled, tighter, sharper. After she’d finished, Vashni urged him up with her finger. ‘Now Ri§ine, I have another exercise for you. Come where there is lots of space. I am not going to whisper your eyes closed, unless of course, you need me to? If you open them during the exercise I will take that as an admission that you require them whispered closed. Now I want you to perform the first sword form, with your eyes shut. Check where your feet are placed, your hand positions, the angle of your blade... Begin!’
Under the moonlit sky Korhan assumed the ready position and after checking that he had a clear, flat area around him, closed his eyes and began. His moves were less confident with his eyes closed, but the many rehearsals in his head helped him greatly. Vashni stood at the side, eyeing him with a critical expression. When he’d finished both mirror images of the form Vashni approached.
‘Open your eyes Ri§ine... Look at where you stand; you are several feet from where you started! Your stances were sloppy and inaccurate. Your hand positions were wobbly and wayward and your strikes, parries and thrusts lacked any finesse or control. Now try again! Focus!  Concentrate! Perform the moves with conviction! Hmmm... Wait here, I shall place that single darker coloured stone at your feet so you can see for yourself how poorly you have performed.’
She placed the large, black, stone, which appeared to be a small lump of obsidian at his heels. ‘Now try again!’
Slowly he closed his eyes and began again. This time he took more time to check his positions. When he executed a move, he committed himself more, imagining he was parrying a genuine attack or thrusting at a real foe. Again Vashni watched him, her face stern, suggesting disappointment. When he’d finished she sighed crossly. ‘Open your eyes Ri§ine! Look at your feet! You are still a good two feet from your mark! You performed better that time, but you had no rhythm or flow, you seemed sluggish, stiff and unyielding. Now try again, but try to perform with a rhythm, almost like a dance. You should start to feel where subtle pauses improve the performance, and where quick successions of moves work best. Be nimble and agile! Now, on your mark and try again!’
Korhan's arms were aching and his legs were tired, but he lined himself up on the mark, closed his eyes and began, searching earnestly for the rhythm and trying to sink deep into the correct stances. He performed more fluidly, and it looked better, flowing strikes raining down upon his imaginary foe and the parries and strikes flowing seamlessly into one another. When he’d finished he was sweating, but pleased with his performance.
‘Better, you are only a foot from your mark this time. You performed better, but be mindful of your breathing! Breath in between moves, as you wind up, then out as you strike or parry. Now try again!’
Groaning he moved back onto the mark and began the form anew, his sword swinging with real purpose, flowing move to move and striking with accuracy. He tried to make sure his breathing was timed well with the moves and sometimes it felt natural and right, but concentrating on breathing affected his flow, and accuracy. He found the exercise mentally tiring as well as physically exhausting. As he finished the final move Vashni let out another exasperated sigh. ‘You are getting better Ri§ine, but you still have a long way to go. You should rest now. Before you sleep I will whisper away your aches and pains. I do not want you getting killed because I overworked you the night before a battle and neglected to repair you.’
Korhan lowered the sword and started walking towards the sleep mats. ‘Thank you Mir§a Vashni.’
‘Think nothing of it Ri§ine, despite your constant failure to impress, I am enjoying training you. Your progress is slow, but because you were so pathetic in these disciplines to start with, I can already see improvement in you.’
‘Hah! Mir§a Vashni, never would I have believed it possible for such an innocent looking, slight framed female to crush my ego so!’
‘You had never met an elf before, or agreed to be her Ri§ine. You have no right to an ego yet Korhan, you are at the small foothills of a mountain, which towers into the clouds. I believe given time, and provided my patience with you doesn’t wear too thin, I can lead you to the summit, and you can be proud of your abilities. For now lie down.’
He lay still and she began reciting a slow rhythmic whisper to him, her silken, flowing voice resonating through his body. The cramp that had built up in his muscles started to recede. He became more and more relaxed, and by the time she had finished and sat up he was fast asleep. She smiled at him and stroked his forehead caringly, as a mother might stroke her sleeping child. She spent a few moments looking intensely him, she then rose quietly and retired to her sleep mat.
The whole band was preparing to sleep, all avoiding the awkward question of who would take watch at a time when they would need to be operating at full efficiency to survive the next day. A hint of tiredness might be the difference between life and death. As it happened Callen picked up on this atmosphere. ‘You lot should try to get some rest, I’ll keep an eye out for the Servants of the Flame.’
Saul smiled at him as he settled down. ‘Thank you Callen, we won’t forget your kindness.’
The others muttered their agreement and soon the only sound around the camp was soft snoring and the occasional rustle of someone turning over or pulling their blanket up higher.
Callen sat quietly on a boulder watching over the band; after a couple of hours had passed he heard a rush of wind and looked up to see a dark shadow pass overhead. He tracked it with his eyes back to Duramer. Though it was distant, he heard an unearthly screech and shuddered as a bright jet of flame blasted Duramer. Clearly Thrax had taken a disliking to something or someone. He shook his head and quivered, preparing to hide should the beast return. When Thrax did return he swept overhead seemingly not noticing the warriors camp.
Vashni woke and glanced at Callen. He walked up to her, as white as a sheet. ‘It was Thrax... He’s just been to Duramer and flamed something. ‘
‘Shhh, I don’t think the others have woken. Are you okay?’
He nodded.
‘Would you like me to keep watch for a while?’
His voice was shaky and fearful. ‘No, I’ll be okay. I just want you all well rested, so tomorrow you can find him and kill him.’
‘If you’re sure. Do not worry; we shall try our best Callen.’
With that she rolled over and drifted off back to sleep.
Korhan slept heavily. When he awoke he sat up to see Votrex checking the remainder of his plate mail, he’d cleaned and fitted his pauldrons, arm plate and gauntlets. He wore a thick mail skirt to protect his legs and thick dwarfish greaves to protect his shins. He was sitting adjusting the leather inner part of his horned helmet for comfort. Saul had a collection of bottles and vials, a mortar and pestle and a book out. He sat, working diligently, and decanting one flask into another. Vashni appeared behind him. ‘What are you doing wizard?’
‘I’m brewing some slipperin oil, a powerful sharpening concoction.  The effects will not last long, but it will mean at least a few strikes from our weapons should do some damage to Thrax. I am memorising some spells too. The winds of magic flow strongly around here, perhaps because of Thrax’s proximity. I have already placed a ward of fire resistance on Votrex, Silus, Brael and Harald. Would you like me to do so for you and Korhan?’
‘Hmmm, why not? It will be interesting to finally see your skills in action; I was beginning to think your title of wizard was a ceremonial one, granted to you for your excellent beard growing and the fact that long robes become you. Now we’re ready to face Thrax, I find it reassuring that your magical abilities extend beyond juggling apples and pulling flowers from your sleeve. ‘
Saul frowned at this, then spotted her subtle smirk and laughed. He closed his eyes and started muttering, Vashni almost felt energy being drawn into his words. As he finished he placed a thumb on her forehead and brought his chant to a crescendo. Vashni jumped back a little as a jolt of cold smacked into her body. She felt colder, more resistant to heat, she smiled. ‘Impressive wizard, how long will this last?’
‘A few hours, less if you are struck by heat. I don’t think the spell is powerful enough to allow you to stand directly in the path of dragon breath. The intense heat would be too much for this simple ward.’
Korhan now approached, he felt good. His increased agility and mental acuity, had left him feeling ready and alert. Saul looked up to him. ‘Ahhh... Korhan my friend, please sit, I will place a ward of fire resistance upon you.’
Saul repeated the process he’d performed on Vashni, again Korhan experienced the sensation of coolness and the comfort of having a layer of protection. Again Saul warned him that this ward would not prevent direct contact with dragon breath from vaporising him.
Their attention was drawn by a twang and a dull thud. Glancing across they noticed Brael had strung the crossbow he’d taken from the Berger of Trest’s men and taken a practice shot at a dead stump a few metres away. Silus sneered at him. ‘I doubt quarrels will penetrate a dragons hide gravian, you waste your time.’
‘They may not penetrate a dragon’s hide or scales, but every beast has its weaknesses and I am an excellent shot.’
Harald was taking a few practice swings with his battle axe, when Korhan strode up to him. ‘Harald, I will wield the sword gifted to me by the elf. Why don’t you take my old great sword? A sword should be more effective at penetrating a dragon’s hide than your axe.’
Harald reached out and took the blade he was offering. ‘Thanks, I shall take both weapons into the cave, that if I am disarmed I have a spare.’
Callen, yawning approached Saul. ‘Come on! It’s time we were going.’
Saul stood and pulled a large, wide brimmed pointy hat from his saddlebags and unfolded it.  When he pulled it onto his head Vashni smirked. ‘Decided to look the part as well now wizard?’
‘No, the hat is embroidered with accumulator runes, It has been storing ambient magic since I left Cormaroth and it should now allow me to cast more spells and more potent spells, at least until its power has waned.  I wanted to save its potency for the final battle.’ As he spoke he pulled a torch from his saddlebags.  Prepared, he strode towards Callen, staff in one hand, torch in the other.
Callen was waiting at the bottom of a narrow shale covered path, barely big enough for an adult, weaving its way up the rock face. Grimly the warriors walked towards him, Votrex having donned his full plate armour now including his helmet and each warrior except Vashni wielding their weapons in readiness. They climbed a couple of hundred feet to a narrow ridge. Callen poked his head over first then turned back. ‘Shhh! The priests are fastening her to the sacrificial stone now!’
Harald and Saul reached the peak next and peered over, Harald gasped. ‘Why does she not struggle? She is holding her hands out for them to shackle her to the rock!’
He was right; the girl in a simple, plain, white cotton dress, with a crown of flowers, was standing still, allowing them to shackle her ankles to the standing stone. The platform which the standing stone sat on looked partially melted as did the standing stone, and it was blood stained, with odd human bones scattered about. Saul was sure he spotted a severed hand with rotting flesh on it near the base, presumably a remnant from when Thrax had ripped a prior victim from the stone.
The girl had been fastened securely to the stone, but if anything she appeared happy to be there. She showed no sign of struggle. As they finished securing her, the priest who appeared to be in charge approached and placed a mark upon her forehead with his thumb, then muttered something while shaking water from a small flask onto her. The priests then backed away, gave a respectful bow, then backed away a little further and bowed again. Finally they backed off, bowed, then turned and headed for the path.
Callen watched them go then turned to the others. ‘Now’s your chance! You don’t have much time!’
The companions scrambled over the ridge and descended the other side of the rise towards the sacrificial stone. The girl didn’t notice them until they were close, her gaze fixed upon the gaping cave ahead of her. As they approached she turned to them and gasped. ‘What are you doing here? Lord Thrax, Master of flame and sky does not like to be disturbed when he is feeding.’
Saul stared at her in disbelief, still trying to catch his breath from their brief climb. ‘Does it not concern you, that you are about to be chewed up and eaten by a huge, fire breathing lizard?’
‘Do not be so vulgar! It is a great honour to be chosen as fire queen and my sacrifice will win land and title for my family!’
Harald shook his head. ‘Good lady, the land hereabouts is not the best, and title that is of significance in the village of Brunwelt is not worth giving up your life for.’
‘You think that is the limit of Lord Thrax’s powers? He is biding his time and building his strength; soon he will fly forth and start to bring more villages, towns and cities under his control. Those who have been loyal shall reap the rewards. ‘
Votrex rolled his eyes. ‘Humph, you’ll be dead though, what reward do you expect?’
‘Ishar grants the highest honour in Kirkfell, the Banqueting Hall of the dead to those who have sacrificed themselves for their god and Thrax is our god.’
This seemed to make Brael shudder. ‘I cannot tell you why fair maiden, but your reasoning is flawed. You cannot secure a place of honour anywhere by being volunteering to be eaten by a dragon.’
‘Well it is my choice to make, now leave me to my fate, lest you anger Lord Thrax.’
The warriors looked at each other confused, this had not been expected. Korhan glared at her. ‘You want to die? Do you realise you are stating that you wish to be chewed up and eaten? Surely there are better ways to meet your end than this?’
‘Ishar will recognise my bravery and reward me in the afterlife; my sacrifice will secure riches for my family in this world and riches in the next for me.’
Brael turned to Saul. ‘We cannot allow her to do this!’
Vashni shrugged. ‘I do not see why not, I do not sense any enchantments upon her, if she desires to be torn limb from limb and chewed up, then who are we to argue with her? Let her feed herself to the beast, and maybe twill distract him long enough for us to kill him quickly.’
The girl glared at her. ‘You mean to harm Lord Thrax? Hah! You are fools, you cannot destroy a god!’
Silus laughed. ‘God? A great ugly lizard is what he is, I killed a dragon before, I see no reason why we can’t kill another.’
She gazed forlornly at the path where the priests had headed, obviously thinking of screaming for help; alas the priests had long since vanished.
Votrex groaned. ‘So she’s not enchanted, she genuinely wants to be eaten. What are we to do?’
Vashni smirked. ‘Perhaps I could whisper her into “wanting” to be saved, then we can save her and any moral ambiguity will be lost. I believe if Thrax has been able to bend her mind to desire being eaten, then her willpower must be low indeed and her mind quite easy to manipulate.’
The girl glared at her. ‘Humph! I am here you know! I do NOT want you to mess with my mind, making me want to be saved. I want you to leave me alone and allow Lord Thrax to consume me!’
Korhan stormed forwards. ‘Enough! People’s minds can be bent into doing strange things without the use of enchantments. She has clearly lost her mind, the only question is; do we leave her shackled to the rock while we kill Thrax, or do we free her and send her on her way!’
‘Free me, and I shall run into his open jaws! There is nothing you can-‘

Thump!

Korhan shook his fist, he’d swung a punch at her jaw, not hard enough to do real damage, but well placed enough to knock her out. As she slumped against the rock Vashni stepped up and whispered to the shackles in turn, making them fall open. Amongst the warriors two short lengths of rope were found and her hands were bound tightly behind her back and her ankles tied hard together. She was carried unconscious some distance from the cave and lain down prone on the floor.
After they’d laid her out Callen looked about them. ‘I’ll go and get my horse, take her back to Duramer.’
Saul shook his head. ‘No, Duramer is under Thrax’s influence, you should take her over to Strak, keep clear of Brunwelt and the road, and don’t stop to wait for us. Take her to the Berger and explain the situation. We’ll join you when we can, if we survive.’

Chapter 9
~
Enter the Dragon’s Den

Brandishing their weapons they started the slow walk towards the cave. As they did, Harald chuckled and cast a sly glance at Korhan. ‘Tis true... Sometimes the minds of people can be bent to do strange things, even in the absence of enchantments.’
Korhan scowled at him. ‘Keep your mind on the task at hand Harald son of Korvak!’
Brael paused to load a bolt into his crossbow and Saul handed out a tiny vial of slipperin oil to each, with the warning it would probably only last for a couple of strikes, so if they decided to use some, make their attacks count.
As they neared the cave entrance, the smell of brimstone and sulphur grew stronger, a deep rumbling sound could be heard. The atmosphere was tense, each warrior gripping their weapons harder and darting their eyes about the cave. Smoke rose from the entrance creating an eerie atmosphere and making the cavern appear menacing. Silus cast a glance over his shoulder as they were about to enter, to spot Callen retreating up the steep shale covered slope to recover his horse. This was it, there was no turning back now.
The entrance to the cave was as big as a grand hall, sloping steeply downwards a short distance after the entrance. The walls, ceiling and floor had a smooth, melted look-clearly crafted and modified to a degree by its inhabitant.
As they entered Saul cupped his hands and started chanting into them, using magic to form a small glowing globe of light. As he finished the globe became a bright white ball and he threw the spell up into the air where it began to hover. ‘Racha... Vorrow!’
The illumination allowed the companions to see that even more of the cave had been melted smooth; the ground was treacherous and difficult to traverse. The cavern was deep too, and warm. Saul then held the top of his torch to his mouth and worded another spell. ‘§im §ar!’ causing the torch to burst into flame, providing an additional source of light.
As they picked their way over the precarious rocks, a voice echoed through the heads of all the warriors, ‘Welcome... I have been expecting you!’
Saul rolled back his sleeves, a common tradition amongst magic users and called out to the gloom. ‘We are going to stop your evil Thrax, here and now!’
The voice, invading their heads chuckled. ‘Evil? What evil is this you speak of?’
‘You are hypocrites! You kill and consume what you deem to be lesser life forms, why is your diet more morally acceptable than mine? I take care of my livestock, I care for them, I ensure their welfare, and when the time is right, I eat them... You wonder why I prefer young maidens? Ask yourself why veal and lamb is considered a delicacy, soft, supple flesh, young and tender... Flesh which has not been worked hard enough to form difficult to eat, stringy muscle... Young maidens are so much more enjoyable to eat than old farm hands or warriors, or even young men who have grown muscle bound through working in the fields... ’ 
The talk of eating people made Korhan feel sick, he fought the urge to retch. At the same time the warriors felt a mental probe, testing their defences. They even sensed a hint of surprise that these mental probes were ineffective thanks to Vashni’s whisper.
‘Impressive... You’ve come well prepared; I did not expect an Elf to be amongst your number.’
The voice resonated through the entire group, the dialogue wasn’t heard in the normal way; words were almost rammed into their heads by a force unseen. They shuddered and pressed on down the treacherous slope, into the gloom.
‘I give you one final chance... I do not like “warrior” tis too stringy and tough, besides which, I find armour sticks in my teeth. Go now, re-shackle “Ellen” to her sacrificial stone and leave... Do this and I will allow you to live. Remain here, and you will suffer the same fate as the blacksmith Tam, and his wife, who thanks to their treachery are now no more than piles of ash after last night.’
The warriors exchanged a glance, Vashni sighed. ‘I suspect Thrax’s words are true. Last night he flew over to Duramer and flamed “something”. I did not realise what at the time, but I believe he speaks the truth.’
Tam had been a good man, an honourable man and he had helped them. The fact that Thrax had casually incinerated him and his wife in the night simply made them angry, and thirsty for revenge.
Korhan growled into the darkness. ‘Never!’
‘Then die...’
The burst of flame roared from the depths and the whole band scrambled desperately towards the side of the cave, white hot flames shooting past them. Even through Saul’s ward, they all felt intense heat. The blast rushed past, even though all managed to evade the jet of flame, its proximity left their skin smoking. The voice of Thrax invaded their heads again.
‘That was a warning shot... I invite the dwarf Votrex to leave. He, has a right to quarrel with the dragons, a dragon is responsible for “Durgheim Holt’s” inaccessible status, its inhabitants trapped and enchanted. I will even tell you how to undo this evil, the power word to open the great door is “Kchta§ala scri§iroth umbrnar!” Speak this and the door will open. Find the temple of the mad god deep beneath Durgheim Holt; therein seek Sarazar the Red... Sarazar has been locked into stasis by a power word, to release him, and all of the dwarves in Durgheim Holt; you must find Sarazar and unspeak the power word by uttering “Hju§u §avati everor nomenci§...” Go now, free your people...’
Votrex wavered and frowned at his companions. ‘Can this be true?’
Vashni smirked. ‘Perhaps... Dragons have a reputation for being masters of deception. In order to be a true master of deception however; you must mix the truth with lies. We can only be sure, that either Thrax is telling the truth, a lie or the partial truth.’
Votrex glanced up at the entrance to the cave, turned back and peered into the darkness. ‘Thrax! I will not leave this place until you are dead!’
‘Chuckle... Then die...’
Another blast of heat surged through the cavern, causing the warriors to throw themselves at the wall and grunt in pain as the air super-heated. This time more than one warrior was left with red raw skin and blisters despite Saul’s well placed ward.
Sweating and shaking, Saul pushed himself off the rock face. ‘We’re sitting ducks here! Come, we must attack now or we die before we even meet our foe!’
As he spoke he quickened his pace into the depths of the cave, the others following, shaking from the narrow escapes they had already endured.
‘Well, well, an elf... I have not tasted elf flesh in a long, long time... I shall look forward to consuming you elf... Perhaps I shall not kill you, but capture you and consume you later at my leisure?’
Harald pointed to an opening a hundred feet further down the slope. ‘There!’
A wall of red-brown scales loomed barely distinguishable in the dim light, as Harald pointed it out, there was a deafening roar; which echoed off the walls and the scales shifted, moved and were replaced by a grim looking head, full of menace. His face was constructed from sharp jutting bones, wicked looking scales and demonic eyes, each eye bigger than a man’s head, each jagged tooth bigger than a man’s hand. His horns were twisted and sharp and reached into the darkness behind him.
‘Die mortals!’
His massive mouth opened and a fire started swirling and building, but before he had the chance to release the jet, Brael raised his crossbow and unleashed a single quarrel. Thrax saw the shot late, but moved fast, shifting his head, and blasting the cave wall with flame by mistake. The quarrel missed, bouncing off his iron hard scales, but the distraction was sufficient for the warriors to charge into range. Silus was the first to attack, launching his short spear again at the beast’s eye.  Again Thrax swung his head out of the way with a mighty roar, but the distraction allowed Silus to get closer still and slash at the beast’s scaly neck. The sword scraped against the scales as if they were made of solid steel, then a mighty claw swung at him, forcing him to dive clear. As the claw narrowly missed Silus, Harald came into range, hacking at the limb with Korhan’s great sword. Again the steel bounced off the scales with a hollow clang.  With a vicious back swipe the claw lifted Harald off his feet and slammed him into the wall of the cavern with a sickening crunch.
Votrex was hot on Harald’s heels, while Vashni, Korhan and Saul fanned out, trying to outflank the monstrous dragon. Votrex swung his axe landing a powerful blow on the forearm of the winged beast, again meeting too much resistance, this time Thrax nudged Votrex onto his back, pinning him down with his claw before moving his head into position to flame him to death.
‘Prepare to be boiled alive in your armour dwarf!’
While this was transpiring, Korhan had flashed a drop of his slipperin oil onto Harbinger. Seeing Votrex about to die, he charged forward and threw all his weight and strength into a slice aimed to slide under the scales and damage the dragon’s right forearm which was holding Votrex in place.
As the blow landed, it acted as intended and slid neatly under the scales and sliced into his rough hide, severing several scales and causing a gushing wound. Thrax roared in pain and swung his head from Votrex to Korhan, but before he could attack Korhan jumped and span three hundred and sixty degrees throwing everything he had into a committed, downward slash at the wounded area now missing scales. The craftsmanship of this blade, the rather unsubtle extra sharpness caused by Saul’s concoction, and his impressive strength, meant the blade cleaved cleanly through the flesh, severed sinew and carried on until steel met bone.
The blow was devastating, leaving Thrax’s forearm limp and weak, but also leaving Korhan vulnerable. Thrax was bearing down on him, preparing to bite him in two, when out of nowhere Vashni leapt onto the side of his head and stabbed her rapier like sword right into the beasts left eye almost up to the hilt, splattering her arm and leather shirt in ocular fluids. The wound caused Thrax to roar in pain and throw his head upwards smashing Vashni on the roof and sending her tumbling into a crumpled heap on the cave floor.
Saul threw his torch to the floor where its additional light would aid the party. He then raised his staff in a classical magical pose, his eyes flickered; his voice took on an eerie, strange tone ‘§uira firio jakar!’
A massive spear of solid ice formed in the air above him and he flicked his staff forwards with force causing the magical icicle to fly at Thrax and slam into his side smashing against his scales.  Thrax roared and thrust his head at Saul, who drained from the spell casting, only just managed to dive clear. Silus meanwhile was back on his feet and uncorking his slipperin oil. Seeing Thrax lame in one forearm now, and bleeding profusely, he slipped the full vial onto the edge of his sword, then charged at the now weakened side and yelled a battle cry as he inserted his sword between Thrax’s scales and shoved the blade in as hard and deep as his strength would allow.
The slipperin oil did its work and Silus managed to slide his sword into Thrax’s chest right up to the hilt, causing him to roar in pain and swing his head back towards him. Silus’d over committed though, the blade had gone in easier than he’d expected, leaving him unbalanced. Thrax clamped his jaws over Silus’ upper body and bit him in half, his torso, arms and head ending up in Thrax’s mouth, and the hips and legs, quivering, then falling to the floor in a bloody mess.
Harald was on his feet now, winded, but fighting, he uncorked his slipperin oil with his teeth and splashed the contents on his blade, when he glanced up, he saw Thrax gulp down Silus upper half. ‘No!’
He raised his great sword and charged forward again, past Votrex and throwing all his weight into the thrust and trying to slide the blade between the steel like scales. At the same time Brael had poured slipperin oil on the blade of his sword and charged, sliding the sword deep into Thrax’s flank behind the lame forearm.
Both warriors’ attacks succeeded, causing Thrax to unleash an agonised roar and lunge his head at Harald, who tried to leap back. As he leapt however, he caught his foot on the rough cavern floor. As he flailed, Thrax clamped a jaw on his leg, and ripped him from the cavern floor, smashing him up against the cavern ceiling, before swinging him sideways, hard into the wall. Finally, Thrax threw him up towards the cavern entrance while biting off his lower leg, releasing him.
Korhan watched Harald tumbling through the air, missing one lower leg and looking crumpled and battered. Vashni was still down; she appeared unconscious. Brael’s weapon was lodged in Thrax’s side and he was weapon-less, though he seemed to be making his way towards Harald’s dropped battle-axe. Votrex had gotten to his feet and landed another blow, only to be thrown back, his armour clanging on the cavern wall. Before he could rise he was forced to roll clear of another intense jet of flame. The battle wasn’t going well; they’d injured the beast, causing one arm to become lame and blinding one eye, and he now had Silus, Harald’s and Brael's swords embedded in his torso, but Silus was dead, probably Harald too, maybe even Vashni.
Saul stepped out from behind a lump of rock and raised his staff, to unleash a magic missile. ‘Fir§a mamirxic §osh!’
A blast of red and white light shot like an arrow at Thrax hitting him in the torso. Where the spell struck, Thrax’s scales deepened in colour and cracked, but remained present. The dragon lunged its head out at Saul and unleashed a jet of flame, causing him to leap for cover, only just clearing the blast in time.
Saul was cowering behind his cover, shaking; his robes on fire, his skin blistered in places from the heat. He felt drained and hopeless. He’d unleashed the most powerful spells in his repertoire to little or no effect.
Brael charged, now holding Harald’s battle axe, but Thrax spotted his approach and swung his good claw at Brael sending him sprawling. Korhan glanced at Vashni, her face a grimace of pain, her chest still... Thrax had killed her... He heard Harald moaning in agony near the cave entrance, even if he lived, how could he live with one leg?  A man he’d fought alongside many times, a man he’d come to consider not just a friend, but a brother? Silus, his legs lying in a pool of blood on the cavern floor... His torso filling Thrax’s belly... The emotional stress, all became too much, a berserker rage started building, urging him to lose control.
A berserker rage now, against a band of warriors could be devastating, but against this near invulnerable beast, he needed control.  He thought about Vashni’s teachings, he felt his body and his blade; he focused his mind, and in an instant decided what to do. Without pausing he sprinted straight for Thrax’s blind side, with only an empty gushing eye-socket thanks to Vashni. He timed his assault for when Thrax was distracted by Brael and used his controlled aggression to leap, and grab one horn. The muscles on his arms were burning, he dropped his grip on Harbinger into a downwards one for more purchase, then plunged the weapon right into Thrax’s ear with all his strength, aiming the tip towards where he thought the creatures brain might be..
Thrax howled an unearthly roar and thrashed his head around, then slowed, wobbled and slumped forwards in a heap.
In the thrash Korhan had been thrown clear, tumbling against the rocks and smacking his head hard. Thrax was still grunting and quivering for some time, his death groans filling Korhan’s head. As Korhan was about to lose consciousness, Brael appeared and tried to help him up. ‘Are you hurt Avil?’
‘Aye... I’m not sure how badly... Votrex?’
The dwarf appeared, his helmet dented and missing a horn, his breastplate hanging off, one pauldron missing and his face bruised and battered. He had a trickle of blood running from his lip and his beard was burned away in places.
‘I live Korhan, as does Saul.’
‘Vashni!’
Korhan surged to his feet and barged past the others.  He scrambled across the cavern floor to where he’d seen her lying; she was still lying in a crumpled mess. He wet his fingers and held them in front of her mouth; he felt a weak, gentle breeze on his hand. ‘She breathes! Help me!’ He picked her up in his arms and let out a gasp at how light she was. Saul and Brael helped him up; then they started to trudge closer to the entrance and to where Harald lay.
As they got nearer to Harald, Vashni opened her eyes groggily and glared at Korhan. ‘Humph! Put me down this instant Ri§ine!’
He smiled weakly, pleased that she lived and stood her up. She wobbled for a second before regaining her composure. ‘Sorry Mir§a Vashni I did no-’
‘Yes, yes, well I’m fine, I must have hit my head. Did my thrust slay the beast?’
‘No, though in blinding him on one side, you perhaps allowed me to pierce his brain, ending his life. Silus though... Silus is dead. Harald...’
Vashni spotted Harald lying on his back, bleeding from the gory stump which replaced his left leg. She darted over to him, knelt next to his stump and whispered. This caused the bleeding to slow and stopped. Vashni and Korhan knelt close to Harald’s head. His whole body was battered, skin had been scraped off on the rocks as Thrax had thrashed him about, his breathing was shallow and he seemed barely conscious.
Korhan sighed. ‘Harald... ‘
‘Cough... I... I can’t feel my legs... Cough, or m... my arms...’ Korhan and Vashni looked at Harald’s battered body, his arms and legs still and lifeless. Vashni examined him more carefully, caressing the back of his neck gently, almost imperceptibly with her fingers for a moment; then she sighed and frowned at him. ‘Harald, you are bleeding internally and your neck is broken. I’m afraid Thrax has eaten most of your leg.’
Harald tried to smile, but struggled. ‘Then we killed it?’
Korhan nodded. ‘Aye... We did. Silus is dead though.’
Harald stared at Vashni now. ‘Cough... Can you use your skill to heal me?’
She lowered her eyes, a little uncomfortable at this. She clearly did not want to maintain eye contact. Eventually she shook her head. ‘I am sorry Harald son of Korvak... There are limits to what magic and whispering can do. I can tend to you, and make sure you live, but your leg is gone. I’m afraid I do not believe it is possible for you to regain sensation, or motion in your arms or legs, with whispering or magic.’
Harald grimaced in panic and coughed a little blood out. ‘S... Saul... Can you-’
‘No. I do not have the skill or stored energy to attempt something so audacious.’
Brael sighed. ‘If I were in my laboratory in Durth Orza and I did not have this cruel curse upon me, I could perhaps try something. As it stands I am helpless. Even if I were there and didn’t have this curse, I fear I would not be able to restore your leg or your broken spine Harald son of Korvak.’
Korhan frowned at Vashni. ‘What are we to do? Is there nothing anyone can do for him?’
‘No. Not that I am aware of... Nerve tissue is near impossible to join so far as I know.’
Harald coughed again. ‘Please... Get me out of this damned cave, I want to see the sky again before I meet my... End...’
Votrex spat a glob of blood out of his mouth. ‘Come on, we need to move him with care. I’ll get this side.’
Saul nodded and positioned himself opposite; Brael supported the legs and lower body with Korhan while Vashni supported Harald’s head. They slowly carried him up the remainder of the slope out into the open and laid him against a boulder so he could sit up. In the cold light of day he looked terrible, like an empty shell, dried blood ran down his chin from his mouth, he appeared pale and lifeless.
Struggling for breath he gazed up to them. ‘Th... Cough, thank you...’
Korhan glanced at the group; Harald had been a good friend for a long time. ‘Please, give me a few minutes alone with him.’
Vashni, Brael, Saul and Votrex sighed and edged away, sitting closer to the edge of the cavern, tending and cleaning their own wounds. He frowned at Harald. ‘Harald... I’m sorry... ‘
‘Don’t... Cough... Don’t be... We’ve ridden together for a long time now; we both knew one of us might meet their demise before we returned to the steppes of Silavria.‘
He sighed. ‘I know, I just... I... I know we’ve not spent much time together these last few days...’
‘Hah! No... Your mind has been on other things Korhan son of... Cough... Urgh... Son of Brian... Will you return to Silavria?’
‘You mean “We return”?’
‘No, you know what I mean... I can’t live like this... I’m finished.’
‘No! Vashni, Brael and Saul do not know everything, there may be some... ‘
‘I do not want to live out my days as a talking lump of meat, being fed and cleaned up by others... Let me die... ‘
‘I don’t think you will, Vashni has stopped the bleeding... Your life for now, is saved!’
‘Life? What life? Imagine yourself in my situation! Better to end my life swiftly and claim my seat in Kirkfell, the banqueting hall of the dead, at Ishar’s side... I should think dying in battle against a dragon should reserve me a seat next to Ishar himself!’
A worried expression grew on Harald’s face. ‘If I ask you to end my life... Urgh! Will this count as dying in battle?’
Korhan sighed, his eyes full of sadness. ‘None can doubt your valour Harald. As long as I have known you, you have always fought bravely and never retreated in battle. Your place in the banqueting hall of the dead is assured.’
Harald coughed. ‘Then end it for me now... Tell father, and Moira that I died facing the dragon, none need know any different.’
‘Harald... I ca-’
‘Please, I beg you... Don’t force me to live like this! You were willing for Gedric to be relieved of his terrible existence, a man we know was not a “good” man, yet you would condemn me, to a life of indignity and torment? End it for me now Korhan or I shall never forgive you!’
Korhan’s sadness grew; after a long pause and a deep sigh, he leaned forwards and hugged his old friend’s head. ‘I will brother... I will miss you.’
‘We shall meet again in the afterlife, I shall save a seat for you in Kirkfell, we shall drink together again. Now please end it. Do not forget to tell father and Moira that I died facing the dragon.’
‘Aye... Goodbye, brother... Until the next life.’
With that Korhan rose, the others watched him return to the cave before emerging wielding Harbinger, having pulled the blade free of the dead dragons head. Votrex stared grimly at him as he approached Harald. Harald looked up as Korhan readied his blade. ‘Cough... Thank you.’
Korhan stood at the side and lined his sword up with the base of Harald’s neck, preparing to slide the blade downwards through his torso severing the neck and slicing into the heart. He grimaced, a tear in his eye ‘Farewell... Brother.’
‘STOP!’
Korhan turned to see Vashni and Brael, racing towards them. Korhan paused and Brael knelt next to Harald. ‘Harald, before you ask Korhan to do this, I need to tell you something... I... I am fighting my curse hard to tell you this, I will pay a price, but you need to know... There is no Kirk- Arrgh!... There is no... Arrgh! No Ish... Argh! I cannot... Please Harald, I cannot tell you what I need to, but I can tell you this, there is no banque... Arrgh!’
Brael appeared to be struck by a magical shock wave each time he tried to speak, Harald looked sadly at Brael. ‘It matters not... I would rather not exist at all, than exist in this sorry state.’
Korhan glared at Brael. ‘Grrr! This grim task is bitter enough as it is!’ Then he lowered his sword back to Harald’s neck. Vashni placed her hand on his though. ‘Stop Ri§ine, I know a better way... Leave us... Shoo, I need some time alone with Harald.’
Korhan looked at her uncertainly; Brael was already stumbling back to Votrex and Saul. When his eyes fell on Harald, Harald nodded. ‘Go.’
Korhan walked away leaving Harald alone with Vashni. She positioned herself next to him and pulled him gently over so his head lay in her lap. She stroked his hair and looked down caringly at him. ‘Harald. I cannot do much for you, but this I can... Rather than ending your life in a violent way, in a moment of pain, I wish to end it gently. I wish to allow you to drift away painlessly. No one needs to know. First of all I am going to ease your pain, then send you to sleep. Finally, I will gently, slowly stop your heart. I promise to make sure you experience no pain. Are you ready?’
Harald forced a smile, which showed some relief. ‘Yes... Thank you mistress elf.’
‘Please... Vashni... Now close your eyes... And listen...’
She then began a rhythmic, melodic whisper, almost like a song, he occasionally opened his eyes, to see her sharp, pointed, alien features peering down at him. Each time she would gently pull his eyelids closed with her hand and whisper, ‘Shhh, sleep... ’ into his ear. His mind relaxed, his worries melted away. Soon he was in a deep slumber, deeper than a person might normally sleep. At that point she leaned in and whispered, ‘§ara Haraf di§airm hiri§if shom §alla, cora mui§i mecton... §ara Haraf di§airm hiri§if shom §alla, cora mui§i mecton... §ara Haraf di§airm hiri§if shom §alla, cora mui§i mecton... ‘
As she repeated this mantra she stroked his head, and his heart slowed and stopped. When all the life had ran out of him she sighed, looking a little drained. ‘You were a good man Harald son of Korvak.’ She kissed him gently on the forehead and laid him down. Rising she staggered back to the others, exhausted. ‘Tis done, his suffering is at an end. All we have to do now is to collect our weapons, bury our dead and evade the Servants of the Flame as we travel back to Cormaroth for our reward.’
Saul grimaced. ‘If only it were that simple Lady Vashni. We have but one more, grim task to do.’ Korhan and Votrex eyed him with suspicion. Saul sighed. ‘According to the Empress, if we are to claim our bounty we must bring back proof that we have slain a Draconis Nobilus.’
Korhan laughed. ‘Hah! What are we to do, buy a horse and cart and sever the beast’s head, before ferrying it back to Cormaroth?’
‘No, according to the Empress, Draconis Nobilus have a unique attribute which will suffice as proof. Supposedly they all have a series of what she described as “Heart Stones”. They say these dragons’ hearts have six chambers and one Heart Stone resides in each chamber, we are to carve the corpse up until we can recover these six stones, and bring them back to the Empress.’
Vashni raised a tired eyebrow. ‘I had not heard of this before wizard...’
‘Nobody has. Anybody who knows of the “Heart Stones” is asked to swear secrecy.’
Korhan frowned. ‘What’s so special about these things?’
‘The Empress seems to treat them with great reverence, whatever they “do” must be important, as for exactly what they do, she would not say. She simply gave me strict instructions on extracting them and storing them for the journey. I get the impression they are very important to her, certainly more so than as mere evidence.’
‘Why did you not speak of this before wizard?’
‘Korhan... Firstly I did not know whether it would really be a genuine Draconis Nobilus, secondly, I did not know that we would succeed. I was on strict orders to tell nobodyof the Heart Stones unless it was unavoidable.’
Votrex cast a suspicious eye about the group. ‘Why am I left with the impression I have been deceived?’
Korhan glared at Saul. ‘What exactly did Silus and Harald die for wizard?’
Saul sighed. ‘I do not know. The Heart Stones are a separate matter anyway, we have ended Thrax’s tyranny, is that not all that matters?’
Vashni was lying back now, breathing heavily, Korhan looked at her. ‘Are you alright Mir§a Vashni?’
‘I am tired. I will stay here, rest and keep watch, while you go and retrieve our weapons and butcher the beast. Do not tarry, the Servants of the Flame will not be pleased when they discover we have slain their god.’
Korhan rose, and offered Votrex a hand, pulling him to his feet. Votrex, once on his feet unclipped his now tarnished and damaged armour and threw it onto the floor, Saul followed as they made the grim walk back into the cavern.
Vashni watched them vanish into the depths and sighed, then looked at Harald. She hadn’t really cared about Harald much, he’d been somehow... Boring? Not interesting, but he had been a good man, an honourable man and he had fought bravely. Silus she had not liked, he had been bitter but... Well... Perhaps life had not been kind to him.
Korhan meanwhile led the party into the cavern; Thrax lay still now, no breath or movement emanated from his giant corpse. After retrieving their weapons, Brael, Votrex, Saul and Korhan spent a long time carving away the iron hard scales of Thrax and hacking into his torso. The embedded swords appeared to have done real damage to Thrax’s internal organs. However it was possible that Thrax would have been able to heal these grievous wounds given time, had he survived Korhan’s sword to the brain.
It was hard work, but eventually they found their way to the beast’s gargantuan heart. It smelled foul, and his flesh was tough. Once the heart was exposed, they took turns in cutting, eventually breaking into it. As they did, deep ruby red, egg shaped stones were uncovered. They were smooth and warm to the touch. A slight glow seemed to emanate from their centres. Saul placed each one carefully into his satchel as they were recovered. Soon the warriors were ready to leave, weapons and Heart Stones gathered. As they climbed the slope Korhan sighed. ‘Wait, what about Silus? We should give him a proper burial. What’s left of him at least.’
So Korhan took upon himself the gruesome task of carrying the lower half of Silus Mendelson’s torso and his legs.
When they emerged Korhan laid the remains of Silus down and staggered tiredly to Vashni, along with Saul, Brael and Votrex. Vashni looked up at Saul. ‘Let me see one of these “Heart Stones” wizard.’
‘The Empress would not-’
‘I have risked my long and valuable life for these artefacts, let me see.’
Sighing Saul removed one from his satchel and slumped onto the ground next to her, handing it over as he sat. She took it and eyed the stone critically. There was a hint of a glow from the centre, the stone was blood red in colour and it felt like it emitted heat, it seemed almost alive.
She gazed into the centre of the stone. A soft, but powerful light glowed deep inside the crimson egg. Vashni stared for a few moments, pondering it, then she looked up. ‘I do not know what they do... But these are powerful, VERY powerful.’


To be continued in:-

‘Deathsworn Arc 2 : The Verkreath Horror’

Korhan son of Brian, Vashni, Votrex Vaughn Gorthok of Durgheim Holt, Brael Truthseeker of House Krazic and Saul Karza, emissary of the Empress will return in Deathsworn Arc 2 : The Verkreath Horror’.

In ‘The Verkreath Horror’ the survivors of the battle against Thrax, attempt to catch up with Callen. They have a run in with the ‘Servants of the Flame’ which forces them to take an unplanned route back to Cormaroth. On the way, Brael finally manages to remove his curse, but any thoughts of Empress Jade and the Heart Stones are soon forgotten as the companions witness unspeakable horror and find themselves fighting for their lives and fleeing another foe, even more despicable than the Servants of the Flame.
	 



Read on to part 3 (summer 2014)





Characters Portraits & Bios:-

A note on the 'Characters of the Deathsworn' Section
The short character biographies at the start of the book are entirely optional. If you prefer to learn about the characters in the narrative, then please feel free to skip this section, as nothing revealed here is not revealed in the text. They are included more for those unfamiliar with fantasy stories, to give a flavour of who the players are in this story. There are some simple character portraits in this section too. If you prefer to build your own mental picture of what the characters look like, please skip this section.

Saul Karza

Saul Karza is a licensed wizard of the Empire, with a secretive historical connection to Empress Jade. Charged with hiring a band of warriors to slay a ‘Noble Dragon’ he doesn’t reveal the true nature of their quest until it is unavoidable.

Korhan Son of Brian


A native of Silavria, Korhan is the son of a Hetman or chieftain. Korhan travelled south to Cormaroth to seek his fortune with his friend Harald Son of Korvak. However, carving himself a reputation through deeds of valour didn’t quite work out. When he found himself reduced to working as a labourer at the docks, Saul’s offer of an adventure was too good to pass up, despite the obvious dangers.

Harald Son of Korvak


Another native of Silavria, Harald left his village and Moira, his betrothed, seeking adventure and hoping to return triumphantly, to a hero’s welcome. When the gold he’d taken with him dwindled away, he had to take any job on offer. Weeks of working as a labourer on the docks, meant he was more than happy to take up the quest, despite the rumours of Noble Dragons being near invulnerable.

Votrex Vaughn :
Gorthok of Durgheim Holt

The proud dwarf, Votrex, was living in Cormaroth, having found himself homeless after being unable to re-enter Durgheim Holt. The quest offered gold, which he hoped would be sufficient to hire magical assistance to re-enter his Holt, discover what had happened there and perhaps undo it.

Silus Mendelson :
The Last Dragon Slayer

A former soldier of the Empire, from a village north of Cormaroth, Silus was known only for his feat of slaying a Noble Dragon many years ago. Content to while away his days working the land, having looked death in the face, getting Silus to join the quest would appear not to be an easy endeavour.

Brael Truthseeker Of House Krazic

A gravian or ‘dark elf’, Brael was a citizen of Durth Orza and something of a celebrity for his magical research. Having discovered much about the true nature of reality, Brael was forced to make a choice: to share ‘The Truth’ and deal with the consequences afterwards, or to conceal it, accepting that gravian society was not ready for ‘The Truth’. His decision has haunted him ever since, and made enemies for him around every corner.

Lady Vashni Ulthi§ira


Vashni Ulthi§ira is an elf who guards her history and her background carefully. Her prowess with a blade and her incredible natural ability in the art of ‘whispering’ both prove invaluable to the party. However her quirky ways and frivolous nature are often a source of frustration, particularly to Korhan, who finds himself intrigued by this peculiar individual and keen to get to know her better.


Glossary
Acknowledgements:-

Special thanks to Jack Pedley for his input, constructive criticism and valuable suggestions.
Thanks to artist Isis Sousa, for her incredible cover illustration. See more of her work on her website:- http://www.isissousadesigner.com

A note on the pronunciation of ‘§’
§ is a sound used in elvish and gravian tongues. Whenever one of the human or dwarf characters say this sound, they are trying to emulate it, but probably not getting it exactly right. § is an alien sound, it rolls quickly off the tongue and changes depending on the context in which it’s used. For simplicity think of the sound as a fast, ‘shzchl’ which sort of rolls into one sound and slides off the tongue. If you feel it should sound different on a particular word, then it probably does-please use your own interpretation.

The Deathsworn Arc

To stay up to date with the progress of the series please follow the author’s blog at:-

https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6545672.Martyn_Stanley

Or ‘Like’ the Deathsworn Arc Facebook page at :-

https://www.facebook.com/DeathswornArc


Early concept sketch for cover art

Second draft concept for cover art

Colour draft concept for cover art



The final cover before the the change to Isis Sousa. 


Notes from the author.

Since its release in 2012 ‘Deathsworn Arc : The Last Dragon Slayer’ has undergone some minor changes. Some of these changes went beyone simple polishing and editing. In the earliest draft Vashni used ‘whispering’ more often. I reduced this in later versions to make it a less frivolous ability to use. In this, the latest and hopefully definitive version, I made one more change. That was, the fate of Gedric. Prior to this version Gedric got beheaded, his condition having been permanent. After reader feedback, careful consideration and some soul-searching, I came to the conclusion that it didn’t really fit the morality of the characters very well and seemed needlessly cold-hearted. 

Finally in this version I removed the free sample of book 2. Reading it could have spoiled the reader’s enjoyment of ‘The Verkreath Horror’.

Final Notes on Covers

I loved the original art for ‘The Last Dragon Slayer’. Changing to Isis Sousa was not an easy decision. In the end the things which swayed me to make the change was the focus on characters, which I think suits the novel better and the fact that Isis can deliver art in a better timescale. 

The old art will be used for the trilogy edition which contains, ‘The Last Dragon Slayer’, ‘The Verkreath Horror’ and ‘The Blood Queen’. As it is, I really love Isis’s image for book one. I think it much more accurately portrays what the book is about, because book 1 is rather focused on Korhan and Vashni.

