The Sibyl
Cynthia D. Witherspoon


Story ©copyright Cynthia D. Witherspoon 2014
Cover art: Cold Wet Saturday by Kris Krug; edited for cover use by Mika Hearn. Creative Commons.

Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This work is the property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and/or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to get their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by Cynthia D. Witherspoon. Thank you for your support
 
A note from the author:

Thank you for reading my story. I'd appreciate it if you'd take a moment to write a review at Smashwords and share your thoughts on my work. Feedback is always appreciated, and I love hearing from my readers!

Chapter One

I don’t know what I was expecting, but I wasn’t expecting this. I didn’t know whether to laugh or leave as my best friend detailed the proposition he had kept from me over the phone. He promised it was good. He promised I would soon have an end to the unemployment crisis I’d found myself in since I’d graduated from the University of Georgia a few months earlier. What he wouldn’t tell me over the phone was what this great job offer would require me to do.
“I’m sorry.” I waved my hand in an attempt to get him to slow down. “I think you’ve lost me.”
“Where?” Elliot Lancaster gave me his million dollar smile as he tore a drink napkin into pieces. “I can’t give you all the details until we see the contracts, but you’ll learn most of what you need to know from Connor.”
“Who’s Connor again?” I picked up the pieces he had scattered all over the table and piled them between us. “Is he important?”
“Yes, he’s important. Connor Garrison. He’s the executive producer who’s agreed to take on this project.” Elliot grabbed my hand across the table. “By god, Eva, have you not heard a single word I’ve said?”
“No, I’ve been listening.” I squeezed his hand. “You got a gig on television. I think that’s fantastic. But I can’t do this with you. It’s not like studying for an exam or pretending to be your sick sister when you’re stuck on a bad date.” 
“Why?” He dropped my hand and folded his arms across his chest. “Give me one good reason as to why you can’t be on the show.”
“I have no experience being on television. That’s plenty reason enough.”
“You don’t need experience. You’re not going to be an actress. You’ll be a presenter. The only experience you need is to know how to talk.”
“Fine.” I snorted as I mirrored his defensive stance. “I fall on my face every time I try to walk across the room. And I stutter when I’m nervous. So what makes you think I won’t do the same thing during filming?”
“We’ll get you at angles where you won’t have to worry about walking.” Elliot smirked. “And I have never heard you stutter before. When’d you start doing that?”
He decided to change tactics on me as he reached for his beer. Elliot didn’t take a drink of it though. He began gesturing with it instead. “This isn’t just any gig on television, Eva. Think about it. This could be our chance to travel the world. Maybe even make a difference.” 
“So let me get this straight.” I snatched the bottle out of his hand and took a swig. “You want to go around to dusty old houses just to talk about the scary ghosts who live there? That’s not what I call traveling, Eli. Besides, I’m going to need you to explain to me just how you think you’re going to make a difference doing this.”
“Give me that.” He took his nasty beer back. “If we can prove the existence of the paranormal, it would be monumental. We could prove that life doesn’t end at death.”
“Just like every other ghost hunter. Just like every religious fanatic.” I shook my head. “Eli, I love you. And don’t take this the wrong way. But what do you have that the others don’t?”
“I got you.”
I started laughing before I could stop. Here was my dearest friend offering me the chance of a lifetime. A ridiculous chance. I couldn’t be on television. Much less spend my time chasing after tragedies best left forgotten. I managed to stop laughing long enough to take a sip of my tea and catch my breath.
“Ok, Eli.” I shook my head. “I’m flattered, truly I am. But I have my concerns.”
“Which are?”
“One, you know how bad I am about speaking in front of crowds.” I held up my hand, ticking off my argument with my fingers. “Two, I don’t believe in that stuff. Three, have you seen me? I’m not exactly camera ready. Four…”
“Eva McRayne, you are far too hard on yourself.” Elliot pushed down each finger I had raised as he outlined his own argument. “First off, you won’t be speaking in front of crowds. It’ll be just me, you, and a cameraman. Second, that’s why I need you. Think about it. Two friends hunting down ghosts together; one who believes and one who refuses to. You’ll be the Scully to my Mulder. Third, have you seen yourself? I think you’ll be perfect.”
I went back to picking at the small squares of paper he had ripped up earlier in an attempt to ignore him, but it was hard. I was drawn to Elliot. We’d been practically inseparable since our first class at UGA together. In all the years we’d known each other, I never thought I’d be having this conversation with him. And I never thought I’d be able to refuse him anything.
I was two for two today.
“Elliot, I just can’t.” I sighed, relenting to the silence growing between us. “There are a million girls who would kill to be having this conversation with you. I’m just not one of them. I want a steady job. Nine-to-five. A desk. Not a show.”
“You want boring.”
“Not boring. I want security. A steady paycheck.” I pushed my chair away from the table and reached for my purse. “And if you’re going to make fun of me for it, then we’re done with this conversation.”
“I’m not trying to make fun of you.” He reached for my hand again, but I was quicker this time. I snatched it away. “I really do want this to work, and I want this to work with you. Connor was ecstatic when I told them about you.”
“No.” I threw a few dollars down on the table and stood. “I’ll be sure to tune in though. Sounds like a real riot.”
“The studio is going to provide us with a furnished condo.” Elliot was studying the chair I’d just vacated. “Not to mention the salary. Five figures per show to start.”
“Per show?”
Elliot nodded as his shoulders dropped. He tried to look dejected, but I was sure he was resisting the urge to grin. “Yeah. But hey, I understand. If you don’t want to do this, you don’t have to.”
“You’re not playing fair.” I let my words come out slowly. Carefully. “Besides, I’m sure your dad has more to do with the perks than this Garrison guy.”
“Now whose not playing fair?” 
Elliot’s face lost the neutral look he had conveyed so well. And he was right. I wasn’t playing fair. I knew better than most how he hated to be under the shadow of his father. The great Joseph Lancaster of Theia Productions, LLC. I can’t tell you how many times I’d heard him confess his fears of not measuring up to his old man after too many drinks. For a moment, I considered apologizing, but it was too late. My friend took a final swig of his beer, threw more ones on top of mine, and stood. He linked our arms in one smooth motion to lead us out of the diner.
“No, Dad has nothing to do with this. Granted, I knew the right people to talk to at his office, but for once this is all me.” Elliot’s dark eyes gleamed as we stepped out into the Georgia sun. “I pitched the show to Connor and his boys myself. They loved the idea. Really thinks they can sell it. And just imagine! You and me traveling around the world to investigate notorious and nefarious places. I’ll document all the paranormal stuff. You’ll shoot me down. It’ll be fun.”
“Notorious and nefarious?” I smirked. “What century are you in again?”
“You know what I mean.”
“It does sound like fun.” I admitted. “I’m more attracted to the salary than enjoyment though.”
This was my main concern. I’d spent all of the savings left over from my college loans to survive as I went on the job hunt. So far, my prospects were null. I released his arm to dig through my purse. “I still don’t like the idea of being on national television.”
“It’ll be on cable, Eva.” Elliot’s smile was back as he realized my resolve was cracking. “It’s not like anyone will actually watch us.”
I finally found my sunglasses and slipped them on. “I won’t have to talk in front of people at all?”
“Not unless you count the ghosts we run into.” His amusement was visible when he glanced down at me. Elliot was a good bit taller than I was. “No. I was serious when I said it would just be you, me, and a cameraman.”
I nodded. “Alright. I’ll think about it. After I’ve seen the contracts and met this Connor person.”
Elliot scooped me up in a bear hug right in the middle of downtown Athens. “I knew you’d do it, Eva!”
“Put me down.” I smacked at his shoulder until my feet touched the sidewalk again. “I haven’t said I’d do it yet.”
“But you’ve stopped saying no.” Elliot laughed, wiggling his eyebrows. “Tell me, Eva. What won you over? My magnetic charm? My dashing good looks?”
“It certainly wasn’t your modesty.” I grumbled loud enough so he could hear me.
“Not my style, doll.” Elliot grinned as we turned down the side street leading to my condo. “We fly out to L.A. on Wednesday to meet with the boys and see the new place; work out the details. I swear, I’ll keep the place spotless. You won’t even know I’m there.”
“Wednesday?” I squeaked as I came to a halt once more. “You mean I have two days to get myself ready for the biggest interview I’ve ever had?”
“No. Three.” He had the decency to look puzzled. “We’re scheduled to meet with Connor at nine on Thursday. Why?”
“Why? Oh my god, Eli.” I groaned. “I’ve got so much to do! I have to get my hair done. Figure out what I’m going to wear. Not to mention actually packing everything.”
“Since when are you worried about your hair?”
“Since I found out you want me to be on T.V.” I was glaring again, but this time he was shielded thanks to my sunglasses.
“You’re just being silly.” Elliot pulled his own pair of glasses out of his back pocket and put them on. “Don’t worry about it. You look fine.”
“Women on T.V. don’t look ‘fine’. They look perfect.”
He didn’t respond, only waved as he took off across the street as I started to panic. Wednesday! Elliot wanted me to fly across the country for a job interview in two days. I took a deep breath, mentally listed everything I needed to do, then turned towards the nearest ATM with a weight in my stomach. I would have to perform miracles if I were ever going to make this happen.
***
“No, Daddy. For the tenth time, I’m not crazy.” I tapped my cell phone against the side of my head as my father’s voice filtered through the speaker. On of the first items on my ‘To-Do’ list was to call my parents in South Carolina to give them the good news about my impending employment. The problem was my dad didn’t see me flying out to Los Angeles for a job as ‘good news’. He wanted me back home in Charleston so I could spend the rest of my life rearranging the tourist knick knacks in his store.
“You can’t be serious about this, Eva.” Daddy still had a monopoly on our conversation. “That place is dangerous. It’s full of nothing but drugs and crime.”
“I get it, Dad. I can feel the hellfire already.” I was standing in the middle of my studio apartment, surrounded by a medley of clothes and luggage. “This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. I can’t be on your dime forever.”
“You’re not ‘on my dime’ now. You keep refusing my offer to hire you on at the store.”
“Oh, don’t listen to him, honey.” My mom chimed in. Somehow, she’d managed to wrestle the phone away. “Are you excited? When will it be on? What channel?”
“I’m not hired yet, so I’m not excited. I don’t know, and I don’t know.” I answered her questions as quickly as she threw them out at me. But it didn’t matter. My mom wasn’t listening to a single word I’d said.
“Our baby is going to be on television! Oh Martin, can you imagine?”
I found myself once again holding the phone away from my ear, rolling my eyes as she dreamed up a party for the premiere of a show I wasn’t even a part of. I didn’t have the heart to tell her that if this Connor had any sense, he’d replace any notions of hiring me with someone else. I felt a sharp pang in the base of my stomach at the thought of it. Could I really want this job despite my obvious reservations? No, that wasn’t it. I wanted the money, not the position. Could I be jealous? Nah; not of Elliot. And certainly not of some girl they would hire to work with him. More like nerves. Yeah, that’s it. I was just nervous.
“Is it that boy?”
Dad’s voice broke through Mom’s yammering long enough to bring me back to reality. He was referring to Elliot, who had failed to meet my father’s impossible standards the moment he learned of his existence.
“No, it’s not Elliot. This is for me, Daddy. Surely you can understand that. When will I ever get another chance like this again?”
“Tonight. Tomorrow if you don’t want to work for me or the week after.” His voice shifted from condemnation to honey in a matter of seconds. “You’re such a smart girl and you’ve worked so hard. I’d hate to see your college education go to waste because you want to follow some boy out to California.”
“I’m not following him. He invited me with the off chance I might be able to land this job.” I frowned at the pile of shoes I had yet to go through. “Besides, whatever happened to you saying I could do whatever I wanted to?”
“Eva, I’m just worried.” My father sighed as he relinquished the real reason behind his distress. “I don’t want you to go across the country just to get your heart broken. You could end up homeless. Dead. Or worse.”
Before I could ask him what could be worse than dead, my mom was back on the line. She was oblivious to the anxiety in my father’s voice.
“You said they are going to pay you per episode? And you’ll have your own condo?” She all but squealed. “We’ll come out and help you get settled.”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, Mom.” I picked up two pairs of black heels and tossed them on the couch in the ‘maybe’ pile. “There are still a lot of details to go through.”
“Baby, don’t do this.” My dad must have picked up on the other line because I could hear each of them separately now. They were such a contradiction. Dad was the planner; the worrier in our little family. My mom? Not so much. “Come home and meet a nice boy who will take care of you instead of hanging onto one who wants to drag you all over the country.”
“I should be back in Athens on Saturday. Maybe Monday. I don’t have the itinerary for our little trip yet. I’ll have to call you when I know something for certain.”
I gave them both my love and disconnected the call before they could say anything further. I tried to turn my attention back to the mess I’d made in my living room, but sank down in a pile of pants instead. I had a knot in my stomach now I couldn’t explain. My dad didn’t think I could do this. Hell, I didn’t think I could do this. But Elliot did. Somehow, he believed in me enough to want me by his side.
I couldn’t let him down.


Chapter Two

“Eva, get on with it.”
Elliot was sitting on the edge of my bed running his tie through his fingers. I knew he was nervous, just as he knew I was stalling. But I couldn’t stop myself. For the hundredth time since we’d arrive in Los Angeles, I kept asking myself the same question.
Just what exactly was I doing here?
“Fine.” 
I sighed before heading into the oversized bathroom just off the main suite. Even I had approved of the reflection that greeted me in the mirror. I decided to keep it simple. Black suit, white shirt, low heel pumps. I’d even managed to get my hair to behave. I grabbed my lipstick from the bag beside the sink and was twisting it open when I heard a low moan coming from the other room.
“Eva, you’re killing me. We’ve got to go.”
I wanted to laugh at Elliot’s impatience, but decided against it. I dabbed on the lipstick, making sure to smack my lips together loud enough so he could hear me as I walked into the room. Elliot was still on the edge of my bed with his head in his hands.
“Hey,” I closed the distance between us in less than a second. “You ok?”
“Fine.” His voice was muffled as he rubbed his face. “Slowly turning to dust here, but otherwise, I’m fine. You done?”
“Done.” I took a step back as he stood. Elliot studied me until I was the one fidgeting. “What?”
When he didn’t answer, I crossed my arms over my chest. “If you don’t say something, I’m going back into the bathroom and locking the door. This wasn’t my idea, Eli. Besides, you only gave me two days.”
“You look fantastic.” Elliot grinned as he took my hand to spin me around. “I’m just surprised. You clean up good.”
“Well. I clean up well.” I grumbled. “You’re just saying that so we can get going already.”
Elliot handed me my purse with a laugh. “Let’s go. I don’t want to be late. You can play in the bathroom later.”
The hotel Theia Productions had put us up in was one of the fanciest places I’d ever been to. As we walked out into the lobby, bright L.A. sunshine beamed down on us from the open skylights. Living Barbies and buffed up Kens dressed in burgundy hotel uniforms greeted anyone who crossed their paths. It was beautiful. But I couldn’t find it in my heart to enjoy the beauty of the surroundings. My stomach had returned to its knot-like state. I knew why. It wasn’t because of the meeting. 
I was sure this was the end. Things were changing for Elliot. No matter what he said about me tagging along with him, this was his deal. His meeting.
His future. One I was sure would be taking place without me in it.
A valet was pulling up as we came through the lobby doors in a silver convertible. I know nothing about cars, but I knew this one was impressive. Sleek and shiny despite being parked under the entry way. I was so sure it’s owner would come bounding out behind me that I fell in step behind Elliot to get out of the way. You can imagine my surprise when the valet handed the keys over to my companion.
“Sinclair dropped it off for you this morning, sir. He said to tell you hello.”
“Sinclair?” I couldn’t stop myself from staring at Elliot as he tipped the valet and gave him his thanks. “Who is Sinclair? An intern for your dad?”
“House manager.” Elliot mumbled as he opened the passenger door. “Ready to go?”
“Your daddy has a house manager?” I dropped my purse onto the floorboard as I slid into the seat he offered me. “What’s a house manager? Is that like a butler or something?”
His only response was to close the door. I watched as he came over to the driver’s side and decided to drop it. I knew from experience Elliot didn’t like to talk about his life in California, though God only knew why. So I turned my attention to the city scenery as he pulled out into the street.
Elliot returned to good spirits two turns and ten minutes of fighting L.A. traffic later. He turned down the radio and glanced over in my direction.
“Still scared?”
“Petrified.” I shifted in the seat so that I could face him. “I know we’ve avoided it, but what can I expect? What should I say?”
“Say what you want.” He shrugged. “You’ve already got the job if you want it, Eva. We’re only here to work out the details.”
“Ok. That doesn’t help me.” I found a tiny thread on my suit jacket and tugged. “What did you tell them about me?”
I didn’t miss the flush rising at the tip of his ears. He cleared his throat and changed lanes to make another turn before I got my response.
“I told them the truth.” Elliot kept his eyes on the road. “I told them you studied History at UGA, so you’re a great researcher. And I told them how great you are with new technology.”
“Why’s that important?” 
“Come on, Eva, you know how these shows work.” Elliot shook his head. “Research is crucial to understand what you’re dealing with. Not to mention how much audiences love to hear about the gory details.”
“Yeah, yeah. I get that part.” I released the thread and dropped my hand. I’d unravel the whole damn thing with my luck. “But the technology?”
“The paranormal field relies on technology. It helps us hunt out the spirits and document their existence.”
“So we’re back to that again?” I shook my head. “Eli, you know ghosts don’t actually exist right? I know you like to think so, but that doesn’t make them real.”
“We’ll find out soon enough.” 
“You never did answer my question.” I tilted my head to study his profile. “What did you say that made them want to fly me out to L.A.?”
The blush was back. I managed to keep my eyes on him until he gave up and sighed.
“Fine. I told them how attractive you are. Pretty blonde girls going to dark scary places make for good television.”
“So you only want me because of my looks.” I raised an eyebrow, but made no other moves to look away from him.
“No.” Elliot stopped at a red light and stared at me. “How could you even say that? I think you’re smart. You can handle yourself. And you’re not scared of anything. It has nothing to do with your looks.”
“Uh huh.” I grinned. “You think I’m pretty.”
Elliot turned his attention back to the red light, flicking on the turn signal in the process. “We’re here. Can you pass me the badge in the glove compartment?”
“You’re changing the subject.” 
I was still grinning as I retrieved the badge for him. He was right. We were here. Elliot maneuvered the convertible into the underground garage of an impressive high rise, stopping only to show the badge with his picture on it to the security guard stationed at the entrance. Within minutes, we were parked and walking inside.
“You’ll do great. I know you will.” Elliot tucked my hand in the crook of his arm. “You can be a real charmer when you want to be.”
“You still think I’m pretty.” I teased as we came to a stop in front of the elevator. I pressed the button and the doors opened immediately. As we stepped inside, Elliot reached out to choose the floor we were going to.
“Keep this professional please. I don’t want them to get the wrong impression of you.” Elliot moved to give the other passengers room. I didn’t realize how close he was behind me until I felt his breath against my ear as he whispered.
“But yes, I do. I always have.”
I shivered despite myself as the elevator began to rise. I chastised myself in silence for the happiness I felt. There was nothing between me and Elliot other than our friendship. I knew this. Besides, I had to be careful. My fears of him leaving me for better things were still very prevalent. They were at the forefront of my mind when the elevator slid to a halt and the other three got out. When the doors closed again, I turned to Elliot.
“Eli.” I swallowed the lump in my throat. I wanted to tell him what I was afraid of. I needed to tell him. I couldn’t understand why this was so hard. But the words wouldn’t come as those damned doors opened again.
“We’re here.” He put his hand at the base of my back and led me out into the hallway. I wanted to grab him. Tell him everything going through my head at that singular moment, but I didn’t. Instead, I let him lead me through the lobby to the receptionist’s desk that dominated the far wall.
“Misty!” Elliot exclaimed at the pixie woman who was more interested in her Facebook page than us. She flipped around in her chair with a smile so big, it lit up her entire face. “Where’ve you been hiding?”
“Turks and Caicos, darling. It’s the only place to go when escaping L.A. these days.” She slid out from around the desk and threw herself into Elliot’s arms for a hug. “You’ve come back home! It’s so good to see you!”
“Misty, this is Eva McRayne.” Elliot disentangled himself and turned to me. I bit my lip as I nodded at the woman. “We’re here to see Connor.”
“Oh, of course you are. The entire office has been talking about the return of the prodigal son.” 
“Does she even know what that means?” I hissed against Elliot’s arm as she returned to her side of the wooden desk and started chatting into the phone. 
“Play nice.” He nudged me in the ribs to keep me quiet. “She’s been here forever.”
I tried to keep my face neutral, but it was hard. The image of that harpy throwing herself at Elliot was playing on repeat in the back of my mind, but I was adding things to it. Satisfying images like how I could have jerked her off of him. 
Elliot leaned against the desk until the harpy put down the phone. She was simpering like a puppy for my friend’s attention. “Connor said to come on in. He’s in Conference Room Four.”
“Thanks Misty.” Elliot awarded her with another smile before returning his hand to my back. “This way, Eva.”
Elliot led us through an impressive maze of cubicles until we reached a thick wooden door. He stopped, took a deep breath, and knocked.
“Come in.” 
A man’s voice filtered through. I had the desire to grab Elliot. Beg him to return to Georgia with me where our lives were simple. I wanted him back in the place where I’d met him. Come to know him.
It was much too late for such protests. Elliot opened the door to the meeting room where his future would change forever. 
I could do nothing more than follow.


Chapter Three

Connor Garrison reminded me of every sleazy salesperson to ever appear in a Georgia car ad. He was all oiled hair and slick smile as he bounded around a large conference table with his hand outstretched in Elliot’s direction. 
“Elliot! So glad you could make it. Welcome home, son.” He shook Elliot’s hand and clapped him on the back. “We’ve been waiting for this day to come for a long time now.”
“Have you?” Elliot dropped the man’s hand as two other men approached. “I don’t realize my homecoming was so imminent.”
“Of course it was.” Connor’s smile grew even wider. “No one escapes L.A. forever.”
Elliot stepped aside and let me step forward. “Connor Garrison, meet Eva McRayne. Eva, this is Connor.”
“Pleasure.” I murmured as the little man turned his unfortunate attentions to me. He reached out to take hold of my arms instead of shaking my hands. I only interrupted when he started to turn me around. “Excuse me, but what are you doing?”
“You’re right, Elliot. She’s fantastic.” Connor stepped away from us and nodded. “Small. Blonde. Athletic. She’ll do nicely.”
Before I could ask if he wanted to check my teeth and measure my waist, one of the other guys in the room piped up. 
“Elliot, Eva. Would you like some water? Coffee?” The man waved from behind Connor. “We might be here for awhile.”
“No, I’m good, Joey.” Elliot visibly relaxed. “So are we ready to get this started?”
“Indeed we are.” Connor ushered us all over to the conference table. They all took seats across from us, and I started to feel outnumbered. Once we were seated, Connor took the liberty of introducing me to the other two men at the table.
“Ms. McRayne, it is truly a pleasure to meet you.” He cleared his throat. “I want to introduce you to Joey Lawson and Bryan Trotter. Joey will be your cameraman. Bryan is a member of the Theia Productions’ legal team. He’s here to go over the contracts with you.”
I nodded my hellos as Connor took out two separate folders. He placed one in front of me and the other in front of Elliot.
“Your father’s lawyers have already looked these over.” Connor leaned back in his chair. “All you need to do is sign.”
“Wait a minute.” I opened the folder to find a document that could rival a small manuscript. “I want to know what’s in this before I commit anything.”
“Very well.” Connor sighed and came forward again. “You may read the legalese if you wish, but this contract is good for one season of twenty-two episodes. We’ll readdress any further seasons if the show takes off. All this just states that we will pay you ten thousand dollars an episode, plus the cost of your travel and living arrangements. There is a bonus percentage clause written in to encourage you to do all you can to boost the ratings. In return, you agree to go to the locations we send you to or attend any promotional events we deem appropriate.”
“That’s it?” I tried to keep my demeanor professional. As if I negotiated contracts worth thousands of dollars every day. I think I succeeded on the outside. On the inside? I was squealing as I calculated up the amount of money I’d make. It was more than I could ever hope for at an office in Georgia. “What about any protections we might need?”
“I’m sorry?” The little man looked confused as he folded his hands together on the table. “If you’re asking about the health insurance, I’m sure one of our human resources personal will be glad to answer any questions you may have regarding the benefits.”
“No.” I shook my head. “That’s not what I mean. I’m assuming the locations you are going to be sending us to are going to be dilapidated. I’m also assuming we are going to be filming at night. What happens if one of us gets hurt? What protections are you going to put in place to make sure that doesn’t happen?”
Elliot nodded and I could tell he was pleased with my question. Connor paused as if he were considering his response as he began tapping his fingers on the table.
“Unfortunately, Ms. McRayne, there’s not much we can do about the conditions of the locations other than to chose ones that won’t pose a serious hazard to Elliot’s team. In the unlikely event that something does happen, your medical expenses will be completely covered.”
“How can you be so sure?” I gestured down at the manifesto they called a contract. “Is it listed in here?’
“I’m sure it is.” Connor waved his hand. “But remember, please. We must do all we can to make this show a success, even if that means sending you into some horrible places.. Otherwise, the time you spend with us will be a complete waste.”
“Ms. McRayne, if I may,” Bryan spoke up. “I’ll be more than happy to go over these documents with you line by line if it will ease your mind.” 
“Alright.” I thumbed through the pages where the print seemed to grow smaller and smaller. “I’m ready when you are.”
The lawyer opened his own folder and began to dictate which passage he was explaining. Elliot followed along like a chap. Me? Even though it was my idea for Bryan Trotter to go through everything we needed to know, my eyes started to glaze over after the third page. Elliot even nudged me a few times to make sure I was still following along, but after only twenty minutes, I was ready to sign my life away if it meant the lawyer would stop talking.
I knew there were perks. I knew I needed the money. And I had a vague idea of what I was getting into. I mean, who hasn’t tuned into a ghost hunting episode or two? But my decision wasn’t based solely on the benefits. As Bryan went on and on, I tried to envision not seeing Elliot every day. I tried to imagine what it would be like to hear him only through phone calls which would fade over time as he lived his life and I lived mine. 
I couldn’t do it.
So when the lawyer across from us looked up to signal he was finished, I reached into my purse.
“Very well.” I took out a pen and uncapped it. “The only amendment I would like to see to this contract is for us to be able to choose where we go.”
“Is that your only condition?” Connor glanced up from the wood grain of the table. “The ability to choose your location?”
“Yes.” I tapped the pen against the arm of my chair. “I’m sure you have a team of professionals to do the promotional stuff. I just want a choice in which lion’s den you plan on throwing us into.”
“That seems very,” The producer was at a loss of words for a moment but his slick smile was back as he responded. “Very reasonable. Bryan, if you will.”
The lawyer who had bored me into a stupor jumped up and retrieved the folders before us. He was gone before I realized it.
Connor broke the silence which had fallen over the room. “Do you have any other questions? Elliot, you’ve been very quiet.”
“I’ve got nothing to say.” My companion shrugged. “I’ve seen the paperwork before. I’m here only to make sure Eva is happy with the arrangements we’ve agreed upon.”
“I do, actually.” I leaned back in my chair, confident after getting my way with the amendment Bryan was no doubt rushing to add to our contracts. “As you both know, I have no experience in television. Where in the world do we start?”
“Ah, yes. The beginning is always the most tedious part.” Connor stood and began to pace his side of the table. “For you, my dear, it will be an immersion into the world of the paranormal. You and Elliot will have two weeks to get settled in. Then you will be flying out to New York to attend this year’s International Paranormal Convention. I want the two of you to learn all you can about the latest theories and techniques. All things ghost hunting. If you are not an expert, I want you to be able to sound as if you are.”
The little man rubbed his hands together as he continued. “You will need to do anything you are capable of to make this show go above and beyond. The field’s getting crowded. You two have got to find a way to stand out.”
“I’m sure you’ve got plans on that already.” 
“We’re working on it.” Connor nodded to Bryan who had returned to the room. “Those are details for another time. For now, I need your signatures. Fill out all the forms and if you have any questions, feel free to ask Bryan here.”
“You’re staying?” Elliot looked up from the papers before him. 
“I’m a witness.” Connor collapsed in his chair as if there were nowhere else he needed to be. “Joey and Bryan, too.”
“Alright.” I came to the first form with a signature line at the bottom and gave them my word to be an employee of Theia Productions, LLC for the span of twenty-two episodes. There would be even more if this ridiculous idea took off.
 I should have been excited. Anyone else would have been if they were in my place. Instead, I felt the knot in my stomach tighten as if it were the Devil in front of me instead of a well-versed Hollywood producer; asking for my soul in exchange for more time with Elliot.
I signed my name as fast as I could.

Elliot’s phone rang the moment we stepped into the hallway, so I didn’t get the chance to ask him how he felt the meeting went. I couldn’t make out much from his side of his conversation, but he didn’t seem happy. In fact, he didn’t seem much like Elliot at all. When we reached the car, he pressed a button on his phone and fished the keys out of his pocket. 
“You alright?”
Elliot nodded in my direction. I slid into the car with my own phone in hand. My mom had sent me no less than twenty-five texts while I was in the meeting. I knew she was dying to hear how everything went. I ran my thumb over the screen to unlock it and reply back to her when Elliot’s voice broke through the silence between us.
“That was my dad. He’s going to meet us at the condo.”
“Really?” I dropped the phone in my purse, my mother temporarily forgotten. “I didn’t think I’d be meeting him.”
“Yeah.” Elliot fiddled with the keys for a minute before he put them in the ignition. “He wants us to check out our new place then take us out to lunch to celebrate.”
“That’s very sweet of him.” I shifted in my seat. “But do we have to do it today? One massive meeting is enough for one day. I don’t know if I can handle another one.”
“Yeah.” Elliot shrugged as he turned out of the parking garage and back out into the street. “He’s already there waiting on us.”
“Great.” I tried to sound enthusiastic, but I couldn’t muster up the strength. This was my first trip to California and I was exhausted. I wanted nothing more than to crawl into the massive bed waiting back at the hotel. But I couldn’t turn down this invitation. “So, details. What should I expect?”
“From my dad? Or the apartment?” Elliot was concentrating on traffic. At least, I hope he was. The little convertible we were in was flying down the freeway. 
“Let’s go with your dad.” I shrugged. “You don’t really talk about him.”
“I don’t have a reason to.” Elliot sighed, letting his foot off the gas and switching lanes. “Look, Eva, I don’t like to talk about him.”
“I know.” I felt my purse vibrate against the side of my leg but I ignored it. “I’m not asking you to divulge any juicy family drama. Just give me an idea.”
“I don’t know what to say.” Elliot began tapping his fingers against the steering wheel. “He’s conservative and strict. This is exactly why he’s managed to make Theia as successful as it is.”
“That’s it?” I frowned. “Conservative and strict? Eli, every dad can be described as ‘conservative and strict’.”
“Like I said, I don’t know how to describe him. He wasn’t around much when I was a kid. I fled to Georgia as soon as I could.”
“Why Georgia?”
I’d asked him this same question plenty of times over the past few years but Elliot had deflected me every time. Now, he was stuck in L.A. traffic in a very small car. He wasn’t going to get away so easily.
“Why not?” Elliot threw me a small smile. “I got to meet you, didn’t I?”
“Flattering, but that’s not the answer I was looking for. Come on,” I huffed in frustration. “I’ve known you for four years and just flew out to California to be with you. Sometimes, I feel like I don’t know you at all.”
“Did you really?” Elliot tilted his head towards me. “Did you come out here just to be with me?”
“No.” I felt the blush rising in my cheeks. “I needed a job, remember?”
“A boring one, if I recall. Yet here you are in L.A., signed up to do a television show.” Elliot chuckled. “You missed the mark, doll. ‘Boring’ was not in the job description.”
“You’re deflecting me again.” I crossed my arms and looked out the window. After a few minutes of tense silence, Elliot started talking. 
“Fine. I decided on UGA because my mom’s family is from Atlanta.” Elliot shrugged. “I thought I could get to know them if I came here.”
“Did you?” I tilted my head, wondering just how much I actually knew about my best friend. “Get to know them, that is.”
“No. They all died a long time ago.”
“Aunts or uncles?”
“No.” He shook his head. “She was the only child.”
“But you stayed at UGA anyway.”
“Yeah.” Elliot pulled into another garage. “That’s in the past, Eva. It doesn’t matter. We’re here about our future. Aren’t you the least bit curious about your new place?”
I dropped the subject in a heartbeat, looking around the parking garage he’d pulled into as if I’d never seen one before.
“This is it?”
Elliot laughed. “Yeah. We’re on the tenth floor, so you’re going to be glad when Connor is arranging a moving company for us. I couldn’t imagine trying to carry your stuff all the way up there.”
“Oh, please.” I grabbed my purse and hopped out of the car. “I know you. You would have hired movers anyway.”
“True. Hey, Eva,” Elliot grabbed my hand to keep me from going too far ahead of him. “You sure you’re ok with all this? I mean, this really is a huge change for you.”
“I’ve already signed the contract. I don’t think I have too much of a choice now.” I squeezed his hand. “I may not act like it, but I am grateful to you for this opportunity.”
“I know you are.” Elliot looked at the elevator ahead of us. “Come on. Let’s go meet my old man and get this over with.”

I was speechless when Elliot opened the door labeled 1013 and our new place was exposed. This wasn’t like my little one bedroom place back in Georgia. The foyer was small, but it opened up to a great room with floor-to-ceiling windows. The furniture was modern; a mixture of greens and blues that worked well to make the space seem inviting. I looked to Elliot who grinned as he gestured for me to go explore my new surroundings.
I ran from room to room as if I were a kid instead of a college graduate. The kitchen was just as modern as the great room with appliances that gleamed beneath the recessed lighting. There was a half bath fully stocked and three bedrooms off the hallway. I was exploring the master bedroom when I heard voices filtering down the hallway.
“Eva’s in here somewhere, Dad. I thought she should take a look around first.”
“Indeed. I heard the meeting went well this morning.” 
“It did. We’re both signed up and ready to go.”
I could hear footsteps against the wood floors so I checked myself in the mirror. Hair was still in place. Face was still put together. I took a breath, smiled, and stepped out into the hallway. They were standing by the television and I could see the family resemblance immediately. Both were tall. Both dark and brooding. The only real difference I could see between them was stature. Joseph Lancaster wore his power like a cloak. Elliot was more casual, slouching despite the expensive suit that fit him so well.
“Hello.” I smiled and extended my hand. “Eva McRayne. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Lancaster.”
“Same.” Joseph Lancaster clasped my hand in both of his and smiled. “I’ve heard much about you from my son. I’m sure the two of you will do quite well at this little project of yours.”
“It’s not a project, Dad.” Elliot frowned as his father released my hand. “We’re going to be doing serious research for the show.”
“Of course.” Joseph extended his arm for me to take. “I hope to hear all about your meeting with Connor. And you let me know if there is anything you need. My son is quite independent, so I’m counting on you to contact me, Ms. McRayne.”
I looked back to Elliot as we left the condo and noted how dark his features had become as Joseph led us out of the building. I wanted to ask him what was wrong. I had questions about why he was so different when his father was around. But I couldn’t ask them. Not here. Not now.
Instead, I let myself get swept up by Joseph Lancaster as he talked about the television business. Life in Los Angeles. Everything but the son who sat quietly in the background. 
***
Our lunch date with Joseph went surprisingly well. We made small talk through most of it, giving Joseph all the details of the meeting. It wasn’t until Elliot excused himself to go to the bathroom that Joseph asked me the question no one else had bothered to concern themselves with.
“Eva, surely you don’t believe in this nonsense. Elliot has always been,” He paused long enough to sip on his wine. “Curious about the afterlife.”
“No.” I tilted my head to the side as I kept an eye out for Elliot’s return. “I don’t believe in ghosts and ghouls. Never have.”
“Then why are you here? Fame and fortune?”
“I don’t want to be famous. But the fortune? I don’t expect to make a mint, Mr. Lancaster. But the money did factor into my decision.”
Joseph chuckled. “It always does. Tell me, have you considered how your life is going to change if this project takes off? You’ll be hounded by the paparazzi at every step. Your life will no longer be your own.”
“I believe this will be a success because Elliot believes in it.” I folded up my napkin and put it beside my plate. “My reasons for being here are my own, sir. I believe in Elliot just as he believes in the paranormal. I want to see him happy. I can deal with hiding from the paparazzi if he’s happy.”
“Between the two of us, I never would have approved a show like this. If it were anyone but Elliot, I wouldn’t have done it now.” Joseph stabbed at something on his plate. “I want to see my son happy as well. If this is what it takes, then so be it.”
I started to respond, but Joseph wasn’t finished. He took a bite of his food then leaned across the table.
“I was serious when I said I am counting on you to keep my son grounded. He has a dislike for me which is unfounded, so he so won’t listen to my advice.”
“Mr. Lancaster…”
“And I hear you are going to New York for a conference in a few weeks.” 
“Yes. Connor said it would help us sound like we know what we are doing.” I shrugged. “I’m not so sure if a few days talking with the so-called experts are going to help though.”
Joseph nodded. “This is all part and parcel of the magic of television, Eva. The audience must believe the lie you present to them. Otherwise, all your hard work is for naught. But perhaps, you will learn more than you could ever imagine.”
“Ah, but enough to pull off the illusion of being a ghost hunter?” I smiled, trying to make light of a conversation which suddenly felt very heavy. “I am not an actress, Mr. Lancaster. I won’t pretend to be something I’m not.”
“We shall see.” Joseph returned my smile, shifting his gaze up to the spot behind my shoulder. “Welcome back.”
“What did I miss?” Elliot squeezed my shoulder as he came up behind me. “You two looked as if you’re discussing the fate of the civilized world over here.”
“Nothing so frivolous, son.” Joseph signaled for the waitress who appeared beside him in less than a second. He handed her several bills, then shooed her away. “I am afraid I must be getting back to the office.”
Joseph stood and we joined him. He shook Elliot’s hand then mine. “It was a pleasure to finally meet you, Eva. I’ll be seeing you around the office.”
“See you later.” Elliot pushed his seat in as his father disappeared from view. “So what were you two talking about?”
“Ghosts and ghouls.” I snagged my purse from its spot on the back of my chair. “Seriously? Your dad seems nice, Eli.”
“Everyone says that.” Elliot turned away from me towards the direction his father went. “Too bad I can’t see it.”
“Do you want to see his good side?” I took his hand and squeezed it. “Or are you determined not to?”
Elliot gave me a sad smile in return. “One conversation about me is enough for the day. What did you think about the condo?”
“It’s perfect. I can’t believe we’re actually going to be living there.”
“It is nice.” He admitted. “I will confess, it’ll be better to pass out in my own bed than on your tiny couch when we’re out too late, McRayne.”
“What’s wrong with my couch?” I grumbled as we left the restaurant. “You’ve slept on it plenty of times.”
“My point exactly.” Elliot’s good spirits were restored as he linked his arm with mine and led us to the car. “We’ll head back over to the hotel to get our stuff to take it over to the condo. No time like the present to get started on our move.”
Our move. I still couldn’t believe I was actually going to be leaving Athens. But as Elliot helped me into the car, I was relieved. Relieved my job search was finally over. Relieved I wouldn’t have to return home to my parents to hear my dad boast about how right he was. Most of all? I was relieved I would be able to stay with Elliot a little longer.


Chapter Four
I will forever remember the two weeks following our meeting with Connor Garrison as a blur. Elliot was right when he said Connor had set up movers to ship my stuff across the country. All I was responsible for was selling the things I didn’t want to take with me and packing the necessities I would need for the two days I would be without my belongings. 
Once we arrived back in Los Angeles, my days were filled with appointments with studio stylists. I was pampered and petted to the point where it had become annoying. When I wasn’t being transformed, Elliot and I were in training sessions. I learned how to block a scene, where to stand for the best lighting, and how to raise my voice so that the microphones could pick up my words without me shouting. 
I was exhausted by the time we landed in New York to attend Paracon. Even Elliot, who thrived on deadlines and crammed schedules, had dark circles under his eyes. Thankfully, Theia Productions put us up in the same hotel so we didn’t have to drive through New York traffic to get here on time.
“Are you sure we have to go?” I tugged at Elliot’s sleeve as we entered into the area of the hotel where the conference was being held. “We can just make something up. I’ll pretend I’m sick or something. You know as well as I do that I’m really good at coming up with excuses.”
Elliot chuckled as we approached the sign in table. “Maybe we could skip out early this afternoon. Be tourists for awhile. But only if you behave. No laughing out loud at the psychics.”
“You know I can’t make any promises.” I shuffled up to the table and managed to smile at the older woman handing out the name badges. “Eva McRayne.”
“Welcome, Ms. McRayne.” She handed me a manila envelope filled to the brim with papers and pamphlets. “Your name badge is inside as well as the schedule of events. I hope you enjoy yourself.”
I nodded then stepped aside so Elliot could repeat the process I just went through. We stepped through a pair of glass doors when he had his envelope in hand and I could have sworn I’d fallen down the proverbial rabbit hole. Although it was only nine in the morning, the place was swarming with people. Most were in groups, going from table to table with banners proclaiming the names of ghost hunting societies and psychics willing to sell the answers to all of your questions. Other tables were filled to their edges with merchandise of all kinds.
I suppose such crowds were normal at a convention. It was the patrons who gave me reason to feel so disoriented. For every one person dressed in jeans, there were three more dressed as witches or demons. There were more than a few girls dressed in fairy wings and angel costumes. Elliot had to raise his voice so that I could hear him over the crescendo of voices around us.
“Well? What do you think?”
“I think I’m overdressed.” I waved off a man in a silver alien costume handing out flyers as he started to approach me. “You didn’t say I needed to visit a Halloween store before we left L.A.”
He placed his hand on my lower back and led me towards an area where the organizers had set up benches for the conference goers to rest on. 
“Come on. I want to take a look at this schedule. It’s packed.”
I opened the folder and pulled out the papers the moment we sat down. Connor had emailed this same document to us several days before but neither of us had taken the time to look it over. Elliot was right. For every time slot, there were three to four classes being offered. Everything from how to sell your spells to spirit photography was listed. At night, there was a promise of parties. Each night had an event lined up so the convention goers could get drunk and socialize with those of their own kind.
“So how long are we here for again?” 
Elliot stopped marking on his paper but he didn’t look away from it. “Three days.” 
“Alright. And what do you suggest we go to?” I had decided from the moment we stepped off the plane to let Elliot take the lead on this one. I knew if I didn’t, there would be no way I could trust myself to take any of this seriously. Even now, I wasn’t sure if I could. “Chose wisely. I swear, I will punch you if you say you want to go to the session about flying through the astral plane.”
“Today it’ll be the history of spirit photography, then video.” Elliot was back to making those marks on his paper. “And scrying. The presentation is led by Kathy Carter. It should be a very interesting day.”
“Scrying?” I bit my lip to keep from laughing. “Sounds like a good way to clean your stove.”
“Hardy har.” Elliot smiled. “Look, Eva, I know you don’t believe in this. But maybe something here will change your mind.”
“Yeah?” I gestured towards the booth announcing that the Yeti had been found. “Like an authentic picture of a Yeti? Or the eighty-five year old woman who says she can give me the lottery numbers for a small donation?”
“Always go with the lottery numbers. Photographs can be altered.” 
I didn’t realize he was joking until he grabbed my hand and pulled me up from the bench. “Come on. Spirit photography starts in twenty minutes. I want to get a good seat.”
“Oh, right. I can’t wait.” I mumbled as I let him drag me through the crowd. “Hey, did you know photographs can be altered? Maybe we should go get coffee instead.”
“I’ve heard about that somewhere before.” Elliot was still smirking when we found the conference room where the class was being held. “If you are going to be discrediting my findings, you need to know how to do it. Remember, you promised not to laugh.”
“I promised to try. I was going to try not to laugh.” I made sure to stress my words as I collapsed in the first seat in the back row. “But you promised we could leave early if I didn’t. A deal is a deal, Eli. I’m holding you to it.”
“Shush, it’s starting.” Elliot lowered himself into the chair next to mine as the man behind us shut the door. I shifted down into my own, preparing myself for the boredom sure to come from a man droning on about cameras, lenses, and lighting techniques.
I was not disappointed.

I was ready to head up to my room by the time Elliot’s scrying session was scheduled to start. In fact, I considered slipping out when we got back from lunch. But Elliot was right. If I was going to be on television trying to debunk any evidence he found of the paranormal, I had to know just what I was trying to disprove. This was supposed to be the fun lesson. It was an introduction into one of the methods people use to contact the spirit world. So I played along and followed Elliot into the same conference room we had been in just that morning.
This time, it was packed. So much so that Elliot had to nudge his way through the crowd so we could grab the last two empty chairs by the aisle on the front row. When we were seated, I leaned over so he could hear me over the noise of those around us.
“Wow. This one must put on quite the show.”
“I’m not surprised. Kathy Carter is one of the most well known names in the paranormal field. She’s been doing this for decades.” Elliot leaned in until our heads were touching. “Scrying has been around forever. But it’s making a resurgence these days.”
“You mean these things can fall out of favor?” I raised an eyebrow. “I thought trends were only for fashion and stockbrokers.”
“Not so, my dear. Not so.” Elliot chuckled. “I have to say I’m proud of you though.”
“Oh?” I smirked. “For not laughing?”
“Yes.” He looked like he was going to say more, but he was interrupted by the small woman who walked up to the front of the room waving to her audience as if she were a queen. Even I had to admit she had a commanding presence. What I couldn’t believe was what Elliot had told me. The woman who turned to face us looked as if she were my age. Her thick black hair was pulled up in a bun on the back of her head. Her eyes were a strange golden color; gleaming as she looked us over. I wondered why she seemed so focused on us, but shrugged it off. We were right in her line of sight, after all. Maybe my day filled with all things spooky was starting to take its toll on me.
“When did she start scrying? In the cradle?” I whispered to Elliot before he could pull away. His only response was to nudge me in the ribs.
“Merry meet, everyone.” The scryer raised her arms. “It is my hope that I will be able to educate you on the ancient art of scrying. Many believe it to be a divination technique, but that is not it’s only use.”
I took the pose I’d adopted through these sessions so far, lowering myself further down into the seat as the woman began to pace across the carpet in front of us. She paused just long enough to be considered dramatic.
“No, scrying is not simply for divination. Certainly some sensitives claim to use mirrors or glass during their own practice, but this is not the original purpose. Scrying can be traced back to the ancient Greeks who used it as a method to contact the spirits of the Underworld.”
So this is why Elliot was so interested in attending this session. It wasn’t for fun. It was for work. Did he honestly think he was going to try this at our locations? On film? I kicked at his foot. As my luck would have it, I missed Elliot entirely. I kicked the stand holding a laptop and projector instead.
The laptop bounced off the carpet. The PowerPoint slide shining against the wall behind her went black.
The scryer stopped in mid-speech. She searched the front row and pointed towards me. “It is time. By the gods, it is time.”
“Wow.” I shifted in my chair, reaching for the projector which had fallen against my foot. “Let me see if I can put this back together.”
“No. It is nothing.” The scryer pointed at me as my cheeks began to burn. “I need to know. Did you do that on purpose?”
 “Of course not.” I sat up straight. I’d been ready to apologize, but her tone wasn’t a nice one. “It was an accident.” 
The woman gasped, clasping her hands over her heart in an overly dramatic gesture. I raised an eyebrow in Elliot’s direction before her next words brought my attention back to the forefront of the room.
“Then you must be the one sent for me. Can you come up here please?”
I started shaking my head before she could finish her question. “Um, I don’t think that’s a good idea. I do apologize for the interruption in your presentation.”
She gave me a patronizing grin as if she were sorry for me. “Presentation. Yes, it is that. Don’t be shy. You are a sign. A gift sent to me by the gods.”
“Really, you’ve got the wrong person.” I picked up my purse. “I’ll just leave so you can continue.”
“Don’t be silly.” Kathy Carter’s smile grew brighter. “Everyone in this room has come here to see me. I meet hundreds of people at these conventions. But you must be special. Are you a sensitive?”
“A what?” I desperately wanted her to turn away from me. The woman needed to get on with her speech so we could get out of there. She had stopped in front of me and crossed her arms. “Look, I’m not being sensitive about anything other than the fact you are embarrassing me in front of all these strangers. Now can you please move? I’d like to leave.”
“A sensitive. Someone who can sense things others cannot.” Kathy uncrossed her arms, glancing down at Elliot before turning her strange eyes back on me. “No matter. Your knowledge will come with time. Will you stand up, please?”
I could feel my temperature rising the longer I stood there. Her harassment was becoming too much for me to handle. “I really don’t think that’s necessary. Aren’t you just going to give us your presentation and be done with it?”
“Oh, there will be a presentation.” Kathy gestured towards me to stand. “One of which you are now a part of it. Please introduce yourself.”
My so-called friend looked worried, but he didn’t defend me. Instead, he took my purse from my grasp. “You have to, Eva. You were chosen.”
Was he serious? I glared at Elliot as I stood up to face the room full of people who were staring at me with a mixture of awe and annoyance.
“Hello. My name is Eva. I am sorry I interrupted this session for you.”
I made a move to grab my purse from Eli’s clutches, sure that the scryer’s harassment would be over if I apologized to everyone. I figured I could be excused for not staying after all this. No. Not even close. Kathy Carter took hold of my arm and pulled me up front to the table with her.
“Eva, is it? That’s nice.” Kathy reached over to the table to pick up a heavy hand mirror. “The spirits are telling me you don’t believe in them. You detest the paranormal. Is this true?”
“Honestly?” I looked to Elliot, then to the scryer. “No, I don’t detest the paranormal. I just think you are all here to make money.”
“And you? Isn’t that why you are here as well?”
Touché.
“I really need to get going.” I tried to ease away from her, but this woman was quick. She grabbed my arm again to hold me in place.
“Then look into this mirror. If you see nothing, then I will release you.” She handed it to me with the care one would preserve for a child. “Yet if you see anything – anything at all – you must tell us at once what you see.”
“I am going to see my reflection. Nothing more, nothing less.” I shrugged. “I hate to break it to you, but that’s how mirrors work these days.”
“Indeed.” Kathy pushed the mirror against my hands. “Well, then. The sooner you take a look and do as I say, the sooner you can sit back down with your love over there.”
Love? Who did this lady think she was? Her assumption made me angry. I couldn’t explain my sudden anger, but I felt defensive towards her. I wanted nothing more than to snatch the mirror from her hand and smash it against the carpet. Yet, just as I wrapped my hands around the handle, I remembered the contract I’d signed saying I would put myself in these exact same situations for money.
Damn it.
“Alright, but only if I get to leave after this.” 
I was surprised at how heavy the mirror was as Kathy Carter released her grip. It was obviously old with carvings along the rim and handle. I flipped it over so the glass was facing me. I saw what I always see in a mirror.
“I see myself.” I handed it back to her. “I’m not sure what you were trying to prove, but I don’t think it worked.”
“Tell me you are willing to do this.” Kathy Carter was shifting from foot to foot, locking her hands in front of her as she refused to take it back. “You must be willing.”
“Well, I’m not.” I thrust the mirror in her direction. “So take this back.”
“Please,” The scryer closed in the distance between her and clasped her hands over mine holding the mirror. “Just try. Be willing to try.”
“Try what exactly?” I frowned. “You’re not being very clear.”
“I can’t explain it. No human can explain what happens with mere words. Just please, say what I tell you to say.”
Kathy glanced at the audience and I got it. She was using me to make her little presentation more dramatic. The scryer was probably making such a scene to fill in the time gap since I broke her laptop and subsequently ended the PowerPoint she would have shown to us. I was so relieved I almost laughed. 
“Alright, fine.” I tugged my hands free from the woman. “I’m willing to play along with your act. What do you need me to say?” 
“I take thee, mirror, to be my own.”
I turned towards the audience and waved the mirror like a flag. “I take thee, mirror, to be my own.”
The scryer clapped her hands together with obvious excitement. “Apollo, bless my eyes to make me see. Allow me to hear the words unheard by the living to learn from the dead. I am your daughter. Your messenger. Your servant for time immortal.”
“Ok.” I faced her and repeated her mantra. When I was done, I tried to give her the mirror once more. “Can I go now?”
“Close your eyes, child. Your world will change the moment you open them.”
“Whatever it takes to get this over with.” 
I let out an exaggerated sigh as I closed my eyes. I felt the woman grab my hands, holding them so tight against the handle it was hard for me not to cry out as the carvings cut into my palms. Kathy Carter started whispering, her words getting lost to my ears as my hands began to burn. This time, I did cry out. But the woman had a grip on me. One she wasn’t going to let go of easily. 
I felt the heat rising up from my hands as it traveled up my arms. I was so focused on getting away from the scryer I barely heard the applause erupting through the room. The fire engulfing me didn’t stop until it reached my eyes and my ears. The horrible woman started cackling like a witch in a fairy tale just as the pain from the heat become unbearable. She released my hands as she called out so that the entire room could hear her.
“It’s over! Thanks be to the gods, my time is over.”
I opened my eyes trying to seek out Elliot’s familiar face in this sea of strangers. Instead, my gaze was trapped by the mirror glowing red. The glass seemed to be reflecting the fire engulfing my mind. I wanted to look away. I needed to look away. Yet the color captivated me as a strange white noise filled my ears. 
Elliot pushed Kathy Carter out of the way. He took hold of my chin to force my eyes away from the strange shades of red and black. I could see his lips moving. I knew he was asking me if I was alright. 
I couldn’t hear him. I could hear nothing as the white noise shifted into a furious whispering much like what the scryer had done. I turned my attention onto the mirror as a face formed in the darkness. I knew this face was the one whispering to me. It was a man; young and just as beautiful as Kathy Carter. His golden eyes shimmered as he smiled. This was the voice filling my ears. 
“Your soul is now mine, Sibyl.”
I dropped the mirror just before I passed out. 

Chapter Five
I woke up to a crowd of people surrounding me as Elliot tried to keep them back. My poor friend was shoving a man aside from his position by my head when I groaned. I’d like to think I didn’t actually make a sound. I’d like to believe I simply sat up on my own and asked the spectators just what the hell they were looking at. 
Truth be told, I felt like a fool and my head hurt. A lot. So I groaned just like every chick in a bad romance novel that needed the man to save her.
Elliot was as astute as ever. He was by my side in an instant. I opened my eyes just enough to see him kneeling over me, brushing my hair off my forehead.
“Eva, honey, are you ok? Can you hear me?”
I rose up enough to grab his shirt to pull him lower. When we were just about to touch noses, I whispered. “If there is anyone at this damned conference who can make me disappear, find them. Find them now.”
Elliot’s laughter was laced with his relief. He turned to the crowd around us and announced I was fine. I struggled to sit up, wincing as black spots began to dance across my vision. The stranger Elliot had pushed away was still behind me so I was sure he was the one who put his hands on my shoulders to steady me.
“Don’t move too fast. You’ve had a nasty fall.”
“I’m fine. I fell on the floor which happens all the time.” I grumbled as I turned towards the stranger. His black suit was rumpled, yes. And he was a bit too interested in studying my eyes. But he was movie-star gorgeous, despite the jagged scar which ran down the side of his face. If I hadn’t been so stunned, I was sure I would have started drooling. 
Talk about embarrassing yourself.
“Eva, are you sure you’re alright?” Elliot had returned to my field of vision. I didn’t miss how his blue gaze had turned to ice as he looked between me and the man. An awkward moment passed between the three of us before my friend spoke again. He took my arm. “Can you stand up? You really should get up off the floor.”
I was in the process of standing up when a scream filtered into the conference room. This time, it wasn’t mine. The audience who had been watching me started filtering out. Many picked up their pace when they heard the scream. I started to follow them but something was holding me back. No, not something. Someone. The stranger was frowning at the door as he tightened his grip on my arm.
“Ms. Carter is no longer with us.” His dark eyes flashed as he knelt down to pick up the mirror with his free hand. “It seems this now belongs to you.” 
“Oh, no.” I took a step back away from his grip with my hands up. “I want nothing to do with that damned thing.”
He shook his head. “You have replaced Ms. Carter as the Sibyl. I’m afraid you no longer have any say in the matter.”
“The what? Replace her? ”I mirrored his movement. “No. That woman attacked me with, well, something. I want her arrested or thrown out of this conference. Do whatever the hell it is that security does to people around here.”
“Yes. Replace her.” The stranger ignored my demands. “Ms. McRayne, Kathy Carter is dead. You initiated her passing the moment your spell was done.”
“Who are you?” Elliot finally decided to join our little conversation. “If you’re with security, then it might be best if you are outside looking for the woman who attacked Eva. If not, then our time with you is done.”
“Eli, am I still out cold on the floor and dreaming all this?” I turned to Elliot as if he had the answers. He was just as confused as I was. It was the stranger who answered me.
“I’m afraid there is nothing more which can be done for Ms. Carter. We have much to discuss, Sibyl.” The man pressed the mirror’s handle into my palm until my fingers closed around it. “Your life has been changed in more ways than you could ever imagine I am now assigned to you as your guard.”
“No,” I slapped the heavy mirror against my leg in frustration at the riddles the man was speaking. “I don’t need to be guarded because of some woman’s crazy mumbo-jumbo. Did Connor put you up to this? Is this some sort of promotional stunt? Because if it is, I remember what was written in my contract. Being knocked out on a hotel floor was not in there.”
“Connor? Promotional?” The stranger had the decency to look confused for a moment. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Wait, how do you know Kathy is dead?” Elliot interrupted. “She isn’t here, certainly. But I’m sure there is a perfectly rational explanation as to where she has gone.”
He was interrupted by the loud speakers overhead and the faint sirens becoming increasingly louder outside. 
“Dearest Patrons, please return to your hotel rooms. It is due to a most unfortunate accident the rest of today’s sessions have been cancelled. Thank you for your patience and please forgive any inconvenience this may cause.” 
“Ok.” I drew out the word as Elliot and I stared at each other. “That was just a coincidence. Wasn’t it?”
I turned around towards the strange man. “Thank you for your help awhile ago. But I don’t think I’ll need your services.”
“Come on.” Elliot led us out of the conference room. “Let’s get you upstairs. I want to take a look at the knot on your head.”
“I have a knot on my head?” I tried to keep my voice calm, but thoughts of the handsome man seeing me at less than my best came to the forefront. “Where?”
“Here.” Elliot stopped just long enough to brush his hand against the side of my head. His gentle touch changed into one of panic as he grabbed my shoulders and forced me to face him. “Eva, oh my god.”
“What?” I pushed at his hands, but Elliot wouldn’t let me go. Instead, he pulled me over to one of the large mirrored columns in the lobby. “Eli, you’re really starting to freak me out.”
“Look. Just look.” He turned me so I was standing in front of him, facing the mirror. “Your eyes have changed, Eva.”
“You’re being ridiculous,” I studied my form in the mirror and gasped when I noticed just what Elliot was talking about. My boring green eyes had shifted color. They were now as golden as Kathy Carter’s had been. I only got a second to see the difference before my reflection became someone else. 
Kathy Carter, who had thrust her mirror upon me not thirty minutes before was standing in front of me. She had changed just as I had. The woman’s image in the mirror wasn’t the young and beautiful person who had tricked me. She was old. Her face was covered in blood. But her strange eyes were the very same. She was laughing. I could hear her words in my head. I knew without knowing how that she had thrown herself in front of a taxi.
“You have freed me, child.” She took a step backward, the crazy grin still lighting her wizened face. “Take care of my son. I place his very heart in your hands.”
I fell against Elliot so hard he almost toppled over. 
“Hey!” He managed to keep us from hitting the floor, but I refused to look at the mirror again. I threw myself into him, burying myself into his shirt. Elliot’s voice softened as he adjusted his hold to pull me closer. “Eva, it’s ok. Gold is the new green, right? I’m sure it’s nothing permanent.”
“She’s here.” I was shaking so hard my teeth were clicking together. “Kathy Carter. I just saw her.”
“Where?” Elliot held me tighter as he tried to calm me down. “I don’t see anyone.”
“Behind me. In the glass.” I tried to keep my voice calm, but I couldn’t manage it. “She threw herself into traffic, Elliot. Tell me you see her too.”
“See what? Evie,” Elliot pulled back just enough to tug my chin upwards. “Who did you see?”
“Her!” I jerked away from him and pointed at the column. “The scryer! She’s in there.”
“Ok.” Elliot breathed out the word as long as he could as he kept his arm in place around my shoulders. “Let’s go upstairs. You need to lie down. I’ll fix you a drink and you can sleep this off. ”
“As I said, we have much to discuss.” The stranger was standing behind us, his arms crossed over his chest. “What you’ve experienced is only the beginning, Ms. McRayne.”
“Stop saying that!” I glared at him from my position by Elliot’s shoulder. “There is no beginning.”
“Eva is in no condition to speak with you.” Elliot snapped as he turned us towards the elevator. “Leave us alone.”
I had no choice but to follow him. I didn’t say anything while we made our way through the hotel. I did nothing but keep my head down as I tried to ignore the others passing us in the halls talking about the horrible accident out in the street. I wanted to scream at them though. It wasn’t an accident. 
Kathy Carter wanted to die. She wanted to be free of the shackles binding her to this life.
Shackles she had clamped onto me. 
***
I fell into a sleep filled with whispers when we returned to my room. I don’t remember most of them, but one word was repeated so many times I couldn’t help but remember it when I finally woke up. 
Cumae.
Elliot was sitting in a chair at the edge of my bed flipping through the channels as if I were suffering from a bad hangover instead of a psychotic breakdown. This was my rational explanation. I’d gone temporarily insane from the stress of moving across the country. I laid there for a minute, convincing myself the symptoms had shown up long before I’d arrived in New York. I’m sure it started back in Athens when I agreed to go out to L.A. with Elliot in the first place.
My theory had holes in it, though. I kept seeing the Carter woman’s crazy grin in the back of my mind. I kept hearing her words echoing through the cobwebs of sleep clouding my thoughts. 
What did she mean, son? Who had she entrusted into my care? Was it the stranger who had helped me? 
I knew one thing for certain. I had to get these thoughts out of my head before I started acting as crazy as she had. I mean, come on. Talking to dead people through mirrors? 
I’d be locked away for sure.
“Hey.” I sat up in bed and cleared my throat. “Any good football games on?”
“No. UGA is on hiatus this week.” Elliot pressed a button and the screen went dark. “Are you feeling any better?”
“Yeah.” I started picking at the blanket he’d draped over me. “I think so. I was having some really weird dreams.” 
“What kind of dreams?” His face was soft in the dim light. “Nightmares?”
“No.” I frowned, tapping my fingers against the covers. “They were more annoying than scary. I’m in the dark and surrounded by whispers. I couldn’t really make out what they were saying.”
“Eva, maybe we should have a doctor check you out.” Eli’s face was pale as he fiddled with the remote. “You might have done some damage when you hit your head.”
“No!” I realized how harsh my voice sounded, so I tried to keep the annoyance out of my voice as I responded. “I don’t need to see a doctor, Elliot. They aren’t going to tell me anything other than what I already know.”
“Which is?” Elliot threw down the remote. “A concussion is serious. It’s possible you have one.”
“I don’t think seeing a dead woman in the mirror is a symptom WebMD lists for concussions.” I shook my head. “No, I’m fine. I just got overwhelmed today.”
I reached over and flipped on the lights. I didn’t know how long I’d been asleep, but the sun was going down. I could see little streaks of purple and yellow from the gaps in my curtains. “How long have I been out?”
“About two hours. Not long at all.”
Elliot had turned his attention back to the blank television. Apparently, I wasn’t the only one who was annoyed. His shoulders were tense and the look on his face became unreadable. Now it seemed as if it was my turn to ask.
“Ok, Eli. What gives?”
“Cyrus is refusing to leave.” Elliot frowned as he tossed the remote onto the side table. “He says he is tied to you now just like the damned mirror is.”
“Who – or what – is a Cyrus?” I matched his expression as I swung my legs off the edge of the bed. “Don’t tell me it’s the guy from the scrying session.”
“The very same.” Elliot gestured for me to stay put and fixed me a glass of water. “Listen, you don’t have to talk to him if you don’t want to. He could be a stalker.”
“Maybe.” I sipped on the water before I sat it down on the side table. “Or maybe he knows something about this crazy Carter woman and what she did.”
“Do you want me to let him in?” Elliot stuffed his hands in his pockets. “He’s waiting outside the door.”
I nodded, trying to straighten my messy hair while Elliot had his back turned to me. He opened the door and called out into the hallway. “Cyrus. She’s awake.”
Elliot returned to my room as I sat down in the chair he had vacated. He took his place behind me as the stranger from the conference room entered. 
“Ms. McRayne, I failed to introduce myself earlier. My name is Cyrus.”
“I’ve heard.” I tilted my head towards Elliot. “I’ve also heard you refuse to leave.”
“Unfortunately, our fates have been twisted together. It is not a matter of refusal so much as a matter of protocol and necessity. I am not allowed to leave.” He stood in front of me with his hands clasped behind his back. “Tell me, how are you feeling?”
“Better.” I frowned at him. “This isn’t a social call, Cyrus. I want you to take the mirror back.”
“I can’t do that, Ms. McRayne.” The stranger shrugged. “I can only advise you in regards to the powers you now possess.”
“Powers?” I laughed out loud. I knew it was rude, but I couldn’t stop myself. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“No, I am not.” Cyrus glanced over to Elliot who rewarded him with a snarky smile. “It seems you were correct after all.”
“Correct about what?” I glared at Eli as if he were the enemy now instead of Cyrus. “What did you say about me?”
“Nothing bad.” Elliot’s smile became the picture of innocence. “I told Mr. Cyrus here you didn’t put much stock in his…what did you call it? Mumbo-jumbo?” 
I narrowed my eyes at Elliot when Cyrus spoke up from his position. I’d almost forgotten he was still in the room.
“What do you know of the Sibyls?”
“Absolutely nothing.” I shook my head. “I’m not really in the mood for a mythology lesson either.”
“So you recognize the name from mythology?”
“Yeah.” I shrugged. “I didn’t really pay much attention in my literature classes, so I don’t know much about them.”
“A pity you didn’t, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus took his phone out of his pocket, pressing the side of it. “All myths find their foundations in history. You are now part of this history. It is truly in your best interests to listen to what I have to say.”
“I’m sorry.” I was trying to be polite, but the laughter was bubbling up again. “Are you saying I’ve just become some sort of mythical creature?”
“Kathy Carter was no ordinary woman.” Cyrus fiddled with his phone for a little longer. When he turned the screen towards me, there was a picture on it of an old woman partially under a cab. “This is her after she died.”
I shook my head as Elliot leaned over my shoulder and pushed the phone away. “No. That’s impossible. She was so…”
“Young?” Cyrus smiled. “Yes, youth is only one gift provided by Apollo to his Sibyls. It is the first trait to fade when they lose their position. Immortality is the second one.”
“Obviously not.” I frowned, tapping my fingers against the armrest. “I don’t think immortality worked too well for her when she decided to play in traffic.”
“Immortality is a gift as well. It fades just as quickly as youth when the Sibyl is released from her oath.” Cyrus leaned against the armoire the television was on. “Perhaps I should start at the beginning.”
“No. I don’t want to hear about this anymore.” I stood up, taking the mirror from where I’d put it on the nightstand. “Do a spell. Chant a chant. Just make this go away.”
“I cannot,” Cyrus stayed put, waving his hand to dismiss the mirror I was handing him. “The only release is to pass the mirror onto a willing participant. At which point, you will cease to exist.”
“But I wasn’t willing!” I stamped my foot with frustration. “She forced me into this.”
“You accepted the mirror.” Cyrus’s expression was one of pity. “You spoke the words just as she asked you to. It was at this point you made your choice.”
“Then give it to Elliot.” I started to hand the mirror to my friend who backed away as if I’d threatened him with a knife. “Oh, come on, Eli. You are the one who believes in this crap. You were the one who wanted to experience the unknown. Take my place.”
“He cannot, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus locked his hands together as if I tried to force the mirror onto him instead of Elliot. “The Sibyl must be a woman.”
“You are sounding awfully sexist right now.” I frowned as I looked between the two of them. “So what am I supposed to do? Find another girl crazy enough to take my place?”
“It is an option, yes.” Cyrus nodded. “But remember, please, to do so will also be your suicide.” 
“Suicide?” I felt as if there were a set of invisible chains tightening around me the more he talked. I didn’t like it one bit. “Are you serious?”
“Deadly.” He smiled at his little joke. “So you do have another choice after all, Ms. McRayne. You can be the Sibyl or find a new one, then die to release yourself.”
“That’s not much of a choice.” 
“It’s not meant to be.” Cyrus pushed off of the armoire. “Are you ready to listen?”
“We’re listening.” Elliot spoke up from behind me. When I turned towards him, he shrugged. “We need to know, Eva. I saw how you were when Carter gave you the mirror. I saw how you panicked when you looked in the column. Besides, you were talking in your sleep.”
“I don’t talk in my sleep.” I snapped, but I had good reason to. This was a lot for me to take in and I hadn’t even heard the full story yet. 
“You did today.” Elliot leaned over the chair, snagged my hand to pull me back down into my seat. “If we are going to find a way to break this Sibyl thing, we have to hear Cyrus out.”
“Fine.” I glared at Elliot and then Cyrus. “I’ll listen. But only if you can give me a way out that doesn’t involve suicide.”
“There is no other way out.” Cyrus tucked his phone back into his jacket pocket. “This is a long tale, Ms. McRayne. You may as well get comfortable.”
“I’m fine.” I snapped, crossing my arms over my chest. “I don’t care about the history. I don’t care about any tragedies or lost love affairs. Tell me what I need to know.”

 
Chapter Six

I supposed nothing Cyrus could say should have surprised me given the day I’d had. I mean, come on. I’d just survived the first day of a convention filled with weirdoes and con artists. I’d been attacked by a woman who committed suicide right after my encounter with her. And I’d hit my head hard enough to think I was seeing her ghost in a mirror. I’d changed my explanation in the half hour Elliot and Cyrus had been with me.
After all, who wants to admit they’ve had a psychotic breakdown? 
My explanation made sense. It was rational. I’d hit my head. The fact some strange man was in my hotel room trying to convince me I was passed some sort of mythical abilities was the insane part. Cyrus started pacing in the small sitting area just across the room tapping his finger against the side of his nose as he began.
“Sibyls are known as the daughters of Apollo since He is the one who grants them their gifts of immortality, beauty, as well as the ability to see and speak to spirits. They are his messengers in the flesh.”
“Impossible.” I interrupted him. “Ghosts, spirits, vampires – it’s all a lie to sell movie tickets. You should be old enough to know this by now.”
“Ah, but you have already been exposed to our world.” Cyrus smiled. “Twice. The first was the image in Carter’s mirror. Apollo did speak to you, did he not? He has a tendency to be dramatic. Then Carter herself appeared to you. I was behind you the entire time, Ms. McRayne. I can see the spirits just as you can. Don’t deny it.”
“I,” I paused long enough to get a sip of water. I needed to get my story straight. My thoughts were all jumbled. “I was delusional. It happens, you know, after you hit your head.”
“True, but you said it yourself. Your fall was not so bad it would warrant hallucinations.” Cyrus stopped pacing. “Shall I continue?”
“Why not?” I mumbled. Elliot squeezed my shoulder to let me know he was still there. He was still standing behind me in case I needed him. “You’re going to anyway. Who am I to stop you?”
“During the ancient times, Apollo was known for his conquests with women.” Cyrus smiled as if remembering something. “Those who could afford to do so would lock up their daughters for fear the god would take notice of their beauty. Those who couldn’t would leave offerings for him on his altars or pay his priests to ensure the god was blind to them. Yet, Apollo was still able to find women of his liking.”
Cyrus resumed his pacing. I relaxed in my chair as I waited for him to continue. Mythology wasn’t one of my interests. I liked facts. I could count on data to be reliable. Gods and spirits did not fit in this description.
“The great god came across a beauty picking herbs in the woods of Cumae. As the account goes, she refused him. Day after day he would return to find her in the forest. Finally, he cornered her by a small lake and begged to have her. The maiden, flattered by the words of love from the god, set her basket down upon the sand. When she stood, she held a large mound of sand with both palms and told him she would grant him his wish if he would grant her one in return.”
Cyrus stopped long enough to make sure I was paying attention. And I was, but just barely. His voice was soft. Soothing. He was making me very sleepy.
“Of course, Apollo jumped on the opportunity. He promised her anything she desired. So she wished to live for as many years as there were grains of sand on the earth. It was done. With a single snap of his fingers, Apollo granted the girl her wish. As he began to woo the girl, she began to scream. A hunter – a hero we presume – came out of the woods to confront the girl’s attacker. Apollo killed him, but left the maiden alive. He never returned to her.”
“Sounds like the typical myth.” Elliot shifted to sit on my armchair. “What does this have to do with Eva?”
“Because this maiden was the first Sibyl.” Cyrus gestured towards the mirror. “Apollo had been tricked by the beauty. She was granted her wish, but denied him his own. The girl was granted beauty. Immortality, since the grains of sand covering the earth cannot be counted. As she lived, those who resided in Cumae became suspicious. Children not yet conceived on the day her wish was granted aged and died. The beauty was banished from the village by those frightened by her lack of aging. They called her a monster. Many believed she was a witch in league with Hades himself.”
“So what happened to her?” I tried to hide my yawn, but it was hard. “Where did she go?”
“The only place she could. The girl hid out in the forests of Cumae. She found solace in the nature around her. The years began to pass. When she felt it was safe, the girl would return to the lake where Apollo granted her wish with only her reflection for companionship. It was during one of these trips Persephone took notice of the maiden and pitied her. The Queen of the Underworld convinced Hades to give the girl the ability to speak with the dead. When the maiden returned, she began to see faces of her deceased relatives and friends in the water. They spoke with her about their memories. The girl was grateful. She returned daily to the lakeside to visit with her loved ones until she was spotted by a passing merchant who was taking a short cut through her woods.”
“Again, what does this have to do with me?” I curled my legs beneath me. “And at what part do you tell me why you’ve decided you’re my keeper?”
“Keeper?” Cyrus looked surprised. “Why, yes, I suppose I am. I will shorten my tale, though. I can see you are getting tired.”
“We’re all tired.” Elliot patted my hand. “So if you can wrap this up, we’d appreciate it.”
“Indeed.” Cyrus moved across the room to look out the window. “Word got out about the mysterious prophetess inhabiting the woods in Cumae. Her story was floated through the highest circles and people began to flock to her in earnest. They believed she could contact their loved ones for them. The maiden could, and often did for a price. Her story became twisted as generations came and went. The girl began to truly give prophecies to those who visited her. Her wealth grew. But so too did those who dedicated themselves to the service of Apollo.”
Cyrus turned back around to face us. 
“Apollo was thrilled by his newfound resurgence with the people of Greece. He rewarded the girl in two ways. First, he gave her a golden mirror so she would not have to travel to the lake anymore. More importantly, he gave her a way to die. The girl had lived for centuries. Everyone she had ever loved had passed through the veil long before. Despite her wealth and visitors, the maiden longed to join her family in the Underworld. This is the chant you recited earlier this afternoon. It has been passed down from Sibyl to Sibyl since this time.”
“So let me get this straight.” I stood and crossed the room to stand in front of him. “You are telling me this Carter woman was a prophetess. She could speak with the dead. Foretell the future. She could live forever. Yet she chose to pass it onto me? I don’t get it.”
“Forever is a very long time, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus smiled sadly. “I’ve been by Kathy Carter’s side since she took the mirror from the Sibyl before her during a Spiritualist session in 1842. The world she knew, and loved, had disappeared long ago. You too will discover the truth in my words someday.”
I refused to believe I would be in this position tomorrow, much less a hundred years from now. “Which reminds me. You still haven’t gone into your part in this little tale.”
“I am assigned to the Sibyl. It is my duty to Apollo. My service, if you will.” Cyrus stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “Where you go, so too do I. Power is a dangerous possession. You will be in danger from vengeful spirits who wish to return to the living world. You will need guidance and learn how to control them.”
“Ok. I’m done.” I stormed around Cyrus to the bathroom. “I’m going to show you once and for all I’m not the girl you think I am.”
“I would advise against any impulsive actions.” Cyrus was staring at me so hard I could feel his eyes boring into the back of my head. “There are a great many precautions we must take for you.”
“Precautions.” I turned to face him as I reached the door. “What sort of precautions?”
“You must not look into any reflective surface until you have created your door to keep them out. The spirits of the Veil are more than willing to use your powers against you. They can – and they will – pull you into their realm.”
“Oh, now you’re just being ridiculous.” I opened the door and stepped inside, more than ready to make my point. “Glass is glass. It’s solid. You can’t be pulled through it.”
The bathroom attached to my room wasn’t massive, but it held a floor to ceiling mirror. I stopped in front of it and studied my reflection. Eli was right. My eyes had turned into a bright gold, which went contrasted nicely with the dark rings underneath them. 
“See?” I pointed to myself. “Just like I told your Ms. Carter. All I see is myself.”
I started to come up with some snide comment about how his mythology was mistaken until my hearing faded out. I could hear nothing except the whispering from my dreams. I turned to face the mirror just as my image faded and the scene before me changed.
A wild woman was sitting on a rock in the dark, muttering to the object in her hands. Even from here, I could see it was the mirror now sitting on my dresser. Her blonde head jerked up the moment the fuzzy edges around the image became solid. 
She was me. I recognized my own features beneath the dirt and grime which covered her face. Granted, her nose was longer, and her cheekbones were gaunt, but our resemblance was uncanny.
“Eva. Pretty, pretty Eva.” The woman smiled at me. “You are now one of us.” 
Every fiber in my being was screaming to run away. I even tried to take a step backwards, but ended up going closer. “Who are you?”
“Why, I am the first. Delphine, first daughter of Apollo. Messenger for the dead. Or at least, I was.” The woman moved closer to the glass. “You are not afraid?”
I wanted to be afraid. I needed to be afraid. But I wasn’t. I felt nothing but a sense of peace overwhelming any common sense I had left. I shook my head.
The woman’s grin widened. “Then take my hand, child. Join me here and all of your questions will be answered.”
I reached for the glass when a loud commotion broke through my sense of peace. I felt someone wrap their arm around my waist, and then jerk me away from the glass. I stumbled, falling flat on my back for the second time that day.
My sense of peace was destroyed.
“Cover the mirror!” I heard male voices over me, but I couldn’t make out all that they were saying. Their words were muffled. Distant. It was as if I was underwater and they most definitely were not. The longer I stayed still, the more I could hear the commotion around me. Finally, when the sounds around me quieted, I opened my eyes. 
I was surprised to find Cyrus on top of me. I looked to him then to the mirror, but it was too late. It was being covered by the standard hotel comforter from my bed.
The woman and the peace she brought with her were gone.
“It would be in your best interest to get off of her.” Elliot was standing by the door, his voice colder than the tiles I was laying on. “Now.”
Cyrus shifted his weight off of me while I tried to explain to Elliot how I’d pulled the man down with me as my friend knelt beside me. I couldn’t speak. Instead, I sat up to reach for the mirror again.
“No, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus took my arm and helped me to my feet. “Don’t let Delphine take you so easily.”
“They,” I took a shaky breath as Elliot wrapped his arm around my waist. “Not ‘they’. It was a woman. Not the scryer, though. Someone different.”
“You asked before why you needed my assistance.” Cyrus took his phone out of his pocket. “This is a perfect example. You are weak and unknowledgeable.”
“Right.” I drew a breath. “If I play along with this, does that mean you will be by my side indefinitely?”
“Yes.” Cyrus smirked. “You won’t even know I’m here. I’ll be like a ghost to you. I’ve had centuries to perfect my line of work, after all.”
“I doubt it.” I barely managed to withhold the temptation to stomp my foot again. “So I’ll never be alone? Or have any privacy?”
“You will. I will fade into the background and act as your shadow.”
“Alright.” I raised my hands in defeat. “You can help me, but only for as long as I deem necessary. Then you’re out of here. Understood?”
Cyrus didn’t answer. He tucked his phone back into his pocket and bowed his head in our direction before speaking. 
“I will be just outside your door for the time being. I’m certain the two of you have much to discuss.”
Cyrus slipped out of the bathroom before Elliot stormed out into my suite. I followed him only when I heard him pick up the phone by my bed. His voice was surprisingly normal given what had just happened to me. 
“Front desk? Great. Can you send security up to Room 4632? There is a man outside my friend’s door who is refusing to leave.”
“Elliot,” I hissed between my teeth. “What are you doing?”
“Yes. He’s bulky, wearing a cheap suit. Black hair. Bad scar on the right side of his face. You can’t miss him.”
Elliot hung up the phone and smiled. “No worries, Eva. Security will have him out of here in no time.”
I crossed my arms over my chest. “Did you really just report Cyrus to security?”
“Yeah.” Elliot stuffed his hands in his pockets and shrugged. “I think you were right. He seems a little too crazy for me.”
“This coming from the man who – not twelve hours ago – was touting up the best lightening and camera lenses to catch ghosts on film?” 
“This is serious, Eva.” Elliot closed the distance between us and took hold of my hands. “You didn’t see how quick he jumped on you in the bathroom. That guy is trying to get something from you.”
“What?” I frowned, remembering the look on my friend’s face when Cyrus had fallen on me. “What could I possibly have that a man like that would want?”
“A lot of things.” Eli’s blue eyes narrowed as he studied my face. “Men like that are dangerous, Eva. They prey on young women.”
“Eli,” I spoke my words carefully. “You have nothing to worry about. Cyrus doesn’t seem dangerous to me. I don’t think he is going to hurt me. But what I am starting to believe is that he was telling the truth.”
“Oh, come on.” Elliot moved across the room and picked something up off my dresser. When he returned to me, he handed me my conference identification badge. “Have you looked at this?”
“Yeah. It has my name on it. So?”
“So it also says ‘Theia Productions’.” Elliot placed his hands on each one of my arms. “I think this Cyrus guy noticed that when you were out cold earlier. Even if he’s not after you for your looks, he could be trying to use you to get into the entertainment industry.”
“I can’t believe I’m saying this.” I looked up, forcing Elliot to make eye contact with me. “I trust him, Eli. I am convinced he wants to help me.”
“You don’t know how this works, Eva. I do.” Elliot shook his head. “You can’t trust people like Cyrus.”
“I think I can.” I shifted out of Elliot’s grip. “He hasn’t said anything about the show and neither have we. To be fair, the print on this badge is pretty small. It’s possible he didn’t even read it.”
“Why?” Elliot stuffed his hands in his pants pockets. “After all the sarcasm and jokes about this line of work, why are you so willing to believe him?”
“Because I’ve seen the ghosts in the mirrors,” I paused at the sound of knocking at my door. “Listen, we’ll talk about this later.”
Elliot nodded as he moved across the room to open the door. “Yes?”
“Good evening, sir. Ms. McRayne, please.” 
I came up behind Elliot who stepped aside just enough for the security guard to see me. “I’m Eva McRayne.”
“Ms. McRayne, I wanted to inform you we found no one out of the ordinary outside of your rooms.”
“No one?” Elliot frowned. “But this guy swore he was going to stay outside of my friend’s room. Have you checked the entire floor?”
“I’ve checked everywhere, sir.” The stocky guard raised his hand to silence Elliot’s protests. “There are only conference guests and employees on this floor.”
“Thank you.” I placed my hand on Elliot’s chest as he started to step forward, pushing him back into the room. “We appreciate your help.”
The guard mumbled as he disappeared down the hallway. I started to close the door when I heard a soft laughter off to my right. 
Cyrus was leaning against the doorjamb, smirking in my direction. “I don’t believe your companion cares for me very much.”
“It’s not you per say,” I glanced over to see Elliot falling into the chair I’d vacated earlier. “He’s very protective.”
“Which is good.” Cyrus nodded. “You will need all the help you can get, Ms. McRayne. If you listen to nothing else I tell you, please remember this. Do not get too close to anyone. Especially your beloved. It never ends well when they have to leave you.”
“Why?” I felt stupid asking such a simple question, but I needed answers. And this was the only person who seemed interested in giving them to me. “Why me?”
“Fate? Destiny? You were in the wrong place at the wrong time?” Cyrus shrugged. “There is no rhyme or reason to how the Fates work. It is best to just follow their plan without question. Otherwise, nothing but suffering will follow you for the rest of your days.”
“Eva, who are you talking to?” 
I was staring at the door frame when the sound of Elliot’s voice broke through my thoughts. I whipped around to refute Cyrus, but he was nowhere to be seen. 

Chapter Seven 
“Rise and shine, doll!”
I woke up confused until I realized where I was. We were still in New York. I was still sleeping in a strange bed. The drinks I’d shared with Elliot the night before to forget about Kathy Carter and Cyrus had done nothing to stop the whispers in my dreams. So I was surprised to see Elliot bounding into my room with a stack of thick folders in his hands as my alarm clock was starting to go off.
“No, it’s too early.” I smacked at the alarm then buried my face into my pillows. “Go away.”
“It’s just past seven.” Elliot sat on the bed, swinging his legs up with the folders in his lap. “We have work to do.”
“Eli, you can’t just burst into my room anytime you want to.” I grumbled loud enough for him to hear me despite the pillows. “I could be naked.”
“You don’t have anything I haven’t seen before.” He was flipping through the folders until he stopped as if he was deep in thought. “Or do you?”
Elliot chose that exact moment to pounce on me, tickling my sides until I was gasping for air. 
“Ok! Ok, I’m awake!”
When he stopped, I opened my eyes to see his face was inches away from my own. I was still trying to catch my breath as Elliot brushed his nose against mine. He paused only for a moment before he kissed me. 
I can’t explain what it was like to kiss my best friend. What I can say is how I was surprised by my own reaction. I found myself wrapping my arms around his neck, forcing him farther down to deepen our embrace as a fire flashed through my veins. Elliot pressed himself harder against me until one of us groaned.
I was so focused on what we were doing that I failed to hear the knock on my door until a voice carried through from the other side.
“Ms. McRayne, are you alright?” 
I’m not sure which one of us pulled away first, but when Cyrus threatened to break down the door if I didn’t respond, our impromptu make out session slowed.
“Gotta. Answer. Cyrus.” I murmured between kisses.
“Ignore him. He’ll go away.” Elliot switched his focus away from my mouth to tracing the outline of my jaw. 
“Ms. McRayne.”
“I’m fine!” I managed to call out as I intertwined my fingers into Elliot’s thick hair to get his attention. “Just getting awake.”
Cyrus’ only response was silence. I shifted beneath Elliot to whisper in his ear. “I guess we really should get going.”
“We don’t have to go today. Let’s take the day off. Be tourists for awhile.”
I laughed loud enough to break the spell we were under. Elliot propped himself up on his elbows and grinned at me.
“So what do you say? Want to skip the conference today?” 
“By god, do you even have to ask? Yes. I thought Connor wanted us to go to everything we could.”
I wanted to ask him so many questions like what our actions this morning meant or how would this affect us in the future. But I didn’t want to ruin the moment. Instead, I turned onto my side and grabbed the first folder he had abandoned in his quest to tickle me breathless.
“What’s all this?” I thumbed through the pages. There were pictures. Statements. I stopped when I came across what appeared to be a police report and whistled. “This is a lot of work, Eli.”
“I know. David and the guys in Research have been scouting for locations for us to film the first season. Since you asked to have a choice in where we go, I had them fax everything they had here for us to go through today.”
I nodded. “And these are our choices?”
“Yeah.” 
Elliot got off the bed and went to the door to speak with Cyrus as I sat up. When he returned, we began shifting through the papers together, oblivious of the conference going on below us. I was sure Elliot planned this on purpose so I wouldn’t have to go downstairs after the events from the day before. He had room service deliver us breakfast. He talked nonstop about the abandoned places in the files spread out before us. When I glanced at the clock and realized I hadn’t gotten out of bed after being up for over three hours, I threw up my hands in surrender.
“Enough already.” I interrupted him as he was chatting about the souls of mental patients. “I have to take a shower.”
“There’s no rush.” Elliot tucked the papers he had in his hand back into the folder. “I was serious when I said we should be tourists for the day since you’ve never been to New York before.”
“And I was serious when I asked if we should skip it. We can still make a majority of the sessions if we hurry.”
“I called Connor this morning and told him what happened. Fortunately, he agreed with me when I said it was a bad idea for you to go.” Elliot handed me another folder. “In fact, he gave me two choices. We can either return home for a few days or leave straight from here to head out to our first location.”
“So we’re not going back downstairs at all?”
I was skeptical. After all, Elliot loved to be surrounded by all the nut jobs who thought like he did. But my friend was serious. 
I didn’t know if I should call him just a friend after our kiss this morning.
“Not to the conference if that’s what you mean.” Elliot tossed the folder aside. “What would you like to do today?”
“I’ll decide after my shower.” 
I was ecstatic over the opportunity to have my first free day with Elliot since this whole mess started. I didn’t give him a chance to respond. Instead, I rushed into the bathroom and shut the door behind me. I stopped only once, making sure I closed my eyes as I passed the large mirror. It was still covered up by the huge comforter, so there was no way I could have seen anything. But I wasn’t going to risk anything ruining the day which had started so well.
***
I know I was in the shower longer than I needed to be, but without the worries of being late to one appointment or another, I used the time spent under the water to relax. Or at least, I tried to. Cyrus’ words from last night kept creeping back into my thoughts like a bad dream that just wouldn’t fade away. If what he said was true, I was immortal. I had been given a gift by the gods. I had powers no woman should possess. Granted, those powers were to talk to the dead, but still. I had access to an ability which couldn’t be ignored very easily. 
As I replayed the conversation from the night before, questions filtered through that I hadn’t considered before. Would I never see my own reflection again? Would I really outlive everyone I’d ever known, and would come to know? I laughed out loud at the thought of it. Impossible. Elliot was right about one thing. Cyrus knew how to pull me in. He was starting to make me believe things I would have dismissed as fantasy yesterday. 
No, that’s not right. I wanted to dismiss his words as fantasy, yet it was harder than I realized. I’d seen three images I didn’t have the ability to explain with science. I was still hearing the whispers and having the strange dreams. I couldn’t explain these either. The only fact I could cling to right now was that the whole situation was spiraling out of control faster than I could get a handle on it. 
I tried to go back to my original defense of hitting my head or being overwhelmed by all the changes which had occurred in my life over the past few weeks. I tried to talk myself out of believing what I saw in the mirrors yesterday were real. I even tried to convince myself that insanity was contagious. After being surrounded by the nuts dressed as aliens and zombies all day, Kathy Carter had pushed me over the edge. 
Yet, even as I was telling myself to calm down and stop being stupid, I realized my thoughts were hollow. I knew what I saw. I knew what I felt when I looked into the mirror the night before. For the first time in a very long time, I had been at peace. I was happy. I wasn’t sure if even Elliot could have kept me from joining the woman who had so sweetly beckoned me.
Elliot. I groaned as I brushed the water from my eyes. He was a completely different matter all together. My thoughts of Cyrus and the Sibyl shifted into a replay of what had happened between us this morning. It was so unexpected. After four years, why now? Why was Elliot suddenly making his move? I’d have to talk to him about it sooner or later. Truth be told, I needed to get my own feelings straight first. Had the Carter woman been right? Was I in love with him? Could he be in love with me? 
I was doubtful. Elliot could have his choice of women; even more so now that he was going to be on television. I was nothing more than the old college buddy tagging along in the hope he would find a spot for me in his life after school. 
I shut off the water, welcoming the chilled air as it broke my thoughts away from my feelings for Elliot. I’d wanted to spend my time alone relaxing. Instead, I brought up my own insecurities and fears of losing the one true friend I’d ever had. One who was going to spend the day with me. I stepped out of the shower and came face to face with the large, covered mirror when a new fear pierced through my heart.
How in the world was I going to make myself presentable without being able to see what I’m doing?
I jumped at the sound of a knock on the door, snagging a thick white towel and wrapping it around me before I answered. “I’m nowhere near done, Eli. You might as well get comfortable.”
“Ms. McRayne, it is Cyrus.”
I felt my heart sink at the sound of his voice. Of course he’d be here. What he was doing in my room uninvited was a whole other matter. If he was going to be my shadow, it appeared we would have to set some boundaries. Ones I wasn’t sure he’d be too eager to agree to.
 I didn’t answer until I’d thrown on a bathrobe and wrapped my hair in the aforementioned towel. Then I opened the door to face the stranger who had forced himself into my life only yesterday. I was pleased to see a faint blush spread across his flawless face as he noted my attire. I was even more pleased when he had the graciousness to look away.
“What?” I wanted to sound stern, but my voice cracked. I swallowed and tried again. “What can I do for you today, Cyrus?”
“I need to speak with you immediately about this show you are doing.” He reached in his pocket and pulled out his ever-present cell phone. “After all that has transpired, I feel it would be best for you if you dropped out of the production all together.”
For once, I was at a loss for words. Elliot had mentioned something last night about how this guy might use me to get into the entertainment business. Instead, Cyrus was trying to pull me out of it. He glanced in my direction and opened his mouth as if he wished to say more, but stayed quiet when I raised my hand. I responded with the first words which came to mind. I couldn’t stop myself.
“Are you insane?” I felt the anger return to me as I pushed my way past him to the closet. “You have some nerve, buddy.”
“Ms. McRayne, it is far too dangerous. You must listen to me.” 
“No.” I was snatching my clothes off the hangers so fast, the wooden bars clunked together. “You listen to me.” 
I stormed past him, tossing the jeans and t-shirt on the bed before I turned to face him. “Who do you think you are, Cyrus? We met less than twenty-four hours ago, and you are already trying to tell me what to do with my life?”
“It is for your own protection.”
“I don’t care what your reasoning is.” I glared at him as I closed the distance between us and jabbed his chest with my finger. “You have no right to tell me who I am or what I am going to be. Sibyl or no. Are we clear on that?”
“As crystal.” Cyrus’ dark eyes flashed as he returned my glare. “Yet, you can not seriously be considering putting yourself into situations where you will be forced to confront spirits on a regular basis. I told you last night you were inexperienced and unknowledgeable.”
“I heard you last night, so you hear me now.” I crossed my arms over my chest. “I am doing this show. I have to do it. I signed a very ironclad contract. I refuse to break it.”
I decided to return to the bathroom before he could respond. I grabbed up my clothes and headed in that direction when his next words stopped me in my tracks.
“What happens if you become someone else, Eva?” Cyrus’ voice was soft. “Sibyls have been known to become possessed by the spirits they are surrounded by. Not all ghosts are simple grandmothers wishing to contact their loved ones. Most are filled with hate. More than most are jealous of the living. You could very easily attack the ones you care for the most. Are you willing to take that chance?”
I could feel the heat rising in my cheeks as I faced him again. “I’m not a violent person. No matter how crazy I seem right now, talking to you about ghosts and all. I won’t go around attacking people; much less my loved ones.”
“But the spirits might. Some of them can be very violent.” Cyrus gave me a sad smile as he clasped his hands behind his back. “You must take the time to train with me. Learn to control yourself if you insist on this nonsense.”
“It’s not nonsense.” I could hear my own disbelief as I spoke the words. “It’s important.”
“To Mr. Lancaster, certainly. Not to you.”
“Fine.” I huffed. “Then I suggest you do your job and teach me what I need to know. When do you want to start this training of yours?”
“This afternoon. I’d prefer immediately, but it appears you’ve made other plans.”
“I have.” I glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was already after ten. “Let’s meet tonight. I’m sure you’ll be around.”
“Indeed.” He bowed his head towards me. “I’ll be close by if you need anything. Please remember. No mirrors. No psychics. Nothing that could attract the spirits to you. Understood?”
“Not really.” I shrugged, looping my arms together beneath the pile of clothes I was still holding. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll behave. I don’t want a repeat of what happened yesterday when I’m out on the streets of New York. I don’t need the general public to know I’ve gone crazy just yet. I’ll let the show do it for me.”
I earned a small smile from Cyrus with my words. One final bow and he was gone. I glanced at the clock again, wondering just where the hell Elliot had gotten off to before I started getting ready. Just when I finished brushing out my hair, I heard another knock on the door. 
“Cyrus, I’ve already told you. I’m going to,” I jerked open the door and felt the fire sizzle out of my voice when I saw Elliot’s raised eyebrow. I finished anyway. “Behave.”
“When have you ever behaved, my dear?” My friend gave me a thin smile as he reached for my hand. “Ready?”
“As I’ll ever be.” I let Elliot take my hand and felt the comfort of his palm against mine. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Any ideas of what you want to do?” Elliot led me down the hallway towards the elevator. “General sightseeing or shopping?”
“I want to do exactly the opposite of everything we’ve been doing the past two weeks.” I tightened my grip on his hand. “I want to forget everything that has happened, and not think about the things that could happen in the future. Think we can handle it?”
Elliot chuckled as he pressed the button on the elevator. “We’ll certainly try, Eva. We can try.”



Chapter Eight 

My day with Elliot was a fantastic blur of all the cheesy things tourists do in a big city. We went to every skyscraper, rode on the ferry, and despite my adamant refusals to do anything I had been forced to do in L.A., Elliot talked me into a little shopping. We stayed on our feet until the sun began to set over the Hudson River and Elliot began to whine about dying of starvation before we got back to the hotel. So I tagged along as he found a small restaurant with dark tables and soft lighting.
I fell into the booth with a happy sigh as I tossed my bags aside. When Eli settled in across the table, I couldn’t wipe the grin off my face as I leaned forward. “This has been amazing, Eli. Are you sure we can’t just do a travel show instead?”
Eli chuckled as the waitress approached our table. Two drink orders later, he responded. “We are doing a travel show, Eva. We just won’t focus on local landmarks.”
“Yeah, but I like going into places with modern conveniences.” I snagged a breadstick from the basket the waitress had left behind. “Lights and running water are huge bonuses for me.”
“I’ll bet they are.” Elliot shook his head as he browsed the menu. “I thought we were on strict orders not to discuss the show though. Are you changing things up on me, McRayne?”
“I’m not talking about the show per say.” I chewed on the edge of the breadstick for a second before sitting it on the table. “We’ve done very well at avoiding it all day. But there is something I need to tell you about.”
“What?” Elliot became very interested in the menu before him. “Does this have anything to do with Cyrus being in your room earlier?”
“Yeah.” I nodded to the waitress, waiting for her to leave the drinks behind. When she bounced away, I responded. “He was there when I got out of the shower. I’m surprised you let him in.”
“I didn’t.” Elliot’s features grew dark as he put the menu down. He clasped his hands over it. I couldn’t help but notice how white his knuckles had become. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, Eli, really.” I took a sip of my coke to clear my throat. “I told you Cyrus isn’t out to hurt me. He just wanted to talk.”
“I don’t trust him, Eva. You shouldn’t either.” Eli went back to his menu. After an awkward moment, he sighed. “What did he want?”
I shrugged. “Cyrus doesn’t think it’s a good idea if I do the show. He said I’d be putting myself in unnecessary danger by being exposed to the spirits in the places we’d be going.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him to go to hell. I signed a contract. I’m not going to go back on my word because of some freaky woman and her suicide.”
“You told him that? In those exact words?” Elliot smirked as the waitress returned. She took our orders and left us alone. “No wonder he told you to behave.”
“Well, not those exact words.” I admitted. “Pretty close, though. Eli, I know perfectly well what I’m getting into by doing the show. Granted, I don’t know how the whole Sibyl thing will affect it. Cyrus did say I can be trained to protect myself at our locations. In fact, I’m supposed to meet with him when we get back to start my first lesson.”
“Tonight?” Elliot shook his head. “Not by yourself you’re not. I’ll come with you.”
“You can if you want.” I waved the waitress over since she’d been eyeing our table for the past few minutes. “I’m probably going to skip it though. We haven’t even started talking about how we are going to do the show. We need to figure out layout. Are we going to write dialogue at all? Hell, Eli. This project doesn’t even have a title yet.”
“I am pretty eager to get started.” Eli admitted. “Eva, there’s something else we need to talk about first. Something more important than the show.”
I felt my heart drop as images from our encounter this morning played behind my eyes. I knew this was coming, but I didn’t want to talk about it yet. The waitress picked that precise moment to trounce on over, and I was grateful for the interruption. The delay wasn’t long enough. As soon as our orders were put down on the table, we were alone again and Eli continued.
“What do you really think about this Sibyl story? Do you believe what Cyrus has been telling you?”
I shrugged and remained silent. Elliot didn’t rush me. He could be very patient when it meant the outcome would be just what he wanted it to be. In this case, he wanted me to talk. I’ll admit it. I stalled by playing with the napkins and silverware. When the silence between us became too much to bare, I picked up my fork and started tapping it against the table.
“I don’t think I have a choice in the matter. I have to believe him. I saw something yesterday. To be honest, I have experienced several things I cannot explain.”
My words got stuck in my throat. I swallowed them down before starting over by telling him about the woman I’d seen the night before and how I wanted so desperately to join her. I told him not just about seeing Kathy Carter. I told him what she said to me as well. To his credit, Elliot just listened. He didn’t interrupt me or ask me any stupid questions. Elliot’s only response was to push the plates aside and lean forward.
“When we get home, you should see a doctor to make sure you really didn’t hurt yourself when you fell.” Elliot raised his hand to shush me. “Listen, I get it. You’re stubborn and hardheaded. I don’t care. You need to be checked out.”
“It’ll only be a waste of time.” I batted his hand down before taking a bite of my spaghetti. “There’s no point in zigzagging back and forth across the country when we can just leave from here.”
I didn’t bother to tell Elliot I had no intentions of seeing a doctor. I could do just fine without them hearing my story then sneaking off to sign my commitment papers. Elliot looked as if he wanted to argue, but the fight was draining out of him. He nodded instead.
“Then I guess we need to decide on where we’re going.” Elliot pulled his own plate to its spot in front of him. “So what’ll it be? Battleground? Mental hospital? Creepy abandoned house with a gory background?”
“No battlegrounds. Not yet.” I swallowed and wiped my mouth with a napkin. “I don’t know much about ghosts, but common sense should tell you that being outside is going to contaminate any evidence we get.”
“Makes sense to me, Eva. Elliot was digging into his plate of food like a man deprived. I almost felt sorry for him. “You know more about ghost hunting than you think you do.”
 “I know enough to make fun of you about it.” I smirked as he chuckled. “And no mental wards either. Connor said we had to find a way to make ourselves stand out. A mental hospital is too stereotypical.”
Elliot gave me a huge grin for the first time since we’d sat down to dinner. “That’s my girl. Come on. Hurry up and eat so we can get back to the hotel. Speaking of Connor, I have to call him. He will want to know what our plans are going to be. Then we’ll work on the show to figure out just where we want to end up.”
***
We walked back to the hotel, stopping to admire the street sights New York City had to offer. I found myself stalling. Not from working on the show, of course. Cyrus would be waiting on me. As we approached my door, I stopped long enough to wonder about him. What was he? Obviously an immortal. Did he have to sleep? Did I have to sleep?
Maybe those training sessions would come in handy after all.
“Let me throw my bags down and grab the folders. I’ll be right there.” I pulled out my keycard from my back pocket as Elliot stopped at the door next to mine. He offered me a small salute then disappeared inside. As I opened my door, I found myself listening for the strange whispers I’d heard in my dreams. I was greeted by a glorious silence which was broken only by my happy sigh.
Today had been exactly what I’d needed. Aside from our little chat over dinner, we had managed to keep our conversation light. It was like the old times I cherished the most. I reached over to flip on the lamp sitting on the table by the door when a voice broke through the shadows.
“Have a nice time, Ms. McRayne?”
Cyrus. I figured he would be waiting on me. Yet why he was waiting in the dark was anyone’s guess.
“Damn it.” I threw my purse towards the sound of his voice. “Why are you so creepy?”
“Creepy?” My new companion flipped on the switch to the lamp for me. His handsome face was twisted into a smile of amusement. “I’ve been called many, many things over the centuries. I must admit, creepy isn’t one of them.”
“Yeah, well, it fits you.” I huffed as I crossed the room to throw my bags in the closet. “You scared me to death.”
“Hardly.” Cyrus leaned back against the entrance door as he watched me gather my folders and notes from the morning session. “Leaving so soon?”
“Yes. I have work to do.” I went to the door he was blocking and waited for him to move. When he didn’t, I gestured towards it with my folders. “Can you move, please? These things are really heavy.”
“No. You are correct on one matter, Ms. McRayne. You have an astronomical amount of work to do.” Cyrus pointed at the bundle in my hands. “But I’m afraid your little project is not on the itinerary. We need to start your training.”
“If I’m now immortal, then I have the rest of my existence for your training.” I shifted the weight of the folders to my arms. “Besides, we’ve been over this. You do not get to tell me what to do.”
“I am not telling you what to do, my dear.” Cyrus took the stack from my hands. “I am telling you what you need to do to survive. The first thing is how to control the spirits so you can only contact them through the original mirror. This will cut down on any threat your ghosthunting expeditions will cause.”
“You can do that?” I shook out the tingling in my arms. I wasn’t kidding when I said those folders were heavy. “I mean, I can choose when and where these visions will occur?”
“Yes.” Cyrus smiled. “But I will need your undivided attention. Tell your Elliot you will discuss the locations tomorrow. I will take a look at them myself and aid you in choosing the safest one for you.”
I started to really tell this strange man to go to hell, but the words died in my throat. I knew I couldn’t live my life the way I had today; avoiding every mirror or reflective surface. I needed to know how to control myself if I were ever to function in society again. I picked up the phone.
I was right. Elliot wasn’t happy when I cancelled on him. I begged exhaustion, promising him we would catch everything up the next morning.
“There. My plans are officially cancelled. Are you happy now?” I flopped down on the edge of my bed as I disconnected the call. “You know, for someone who is supposed to only act like a shadow, you are killing my social life.”
“What is this social life you speak of?” Cyrus teased as he pulled a chair up to sit across from me. “I’m assuming it is something important.”
I scoffed, thinking of how to respond before noticing he had the hateful mirror in his hands. My direction of thought changed immediately as the whispers began to fill the silence around me. “What are you doing with that?”
“We are going to begin your training.” Cyrus had the mirror face down, and I could see the intricate carvings on the back of it. For the first time I noticed the lines formed the face of a woman. She was screaming. 
“You must realize, Ms. McRayne, the veil works much like a door. It can be opened and closed very easily.” Cyrus wrapped my hand around the mirror’s handle. “I want you to envision a mirror that is trapped behind a door. Imagine yourself being able to close this door at your whim. Many Sibyls before you added a lock to it for which only they had the key.”
“I’m going to imagine a door.” I spoke the words as if I were talking to a toddler. “That’s it? Your extensive training, which you have been nagging me about for two days now, is to imagine a damn door?”
“No, this is not all. But this is the most important. You must realize the power your mind has over the supernatural. You – and you alone – must be able to use this power to block them out.” Cyrus held up his hand to hush me as I started to speak. I closed my mouth as he continued. “Yet just as a door can be closed and locked, so too can you open it. When you are ready, you can call forth spirits from the veil.”
“So if I close my eyes and wish for all of this to go away, will that work too?” I leaned forward. “After all, if I can create the doorway, then I should be able to stop this all together.”
“I am afraid it is not that simple.” Cyrus leaned back in his chair to create more distance between us. “Now do as I say. Close your eyes. Create your doorway.”
I let out an exaggerated sigh as I closed my eyes. 
“Now focus.”
“I’m focusing.” I grumbled. It wasn’t long before a door appeared in my mind. Unfortunately, it wasn’t some grand entrance only seen on the Charleston houses I grew up around. The only door I could conjure up was the little wooden one from my studio apartment back in Georgia. I used this image as a base, adding not just a lock as Cyrus suggested. I added iron bars. I wrapped chains around it. By the time I was finished, my gateway to the afterlife could have protected the treasures at Fort Knox.
“You must be pleased.” Cyrus spoke and I nodded, keeping my eyes closed. “Then look into the mirror. Apply your door to it.”
I flipped the mirror over, confident enough in my own imagination to know this could work. I opened my eyes to see my reflection shimmering in the glass. I gasped as the face of the woman appeared once more. She smiled. I didn’t.
“Hurry, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus’ words were filled with caution. “Apply the door.”
I returned my focus to the woman in the mirror as the whispers grew louder. This time, I didn’t back away. I imagined my door slamming shut in the woman’s face before me. I laughed out loud as the whispers ceased. I hurried to apply the iron bars and chains as I had done in my mind.
“It worked!” I laughed again as I looked into the mirror. The door was still there, but it was fading. Within moments, it was soon replaced by my own reflection. “Cyrus, it really worked!”
“Yes.” The man nodded. “This has proven to be a very successful method for your predecessors.”
“What else?” I stood and starting pacing the room. “Should I go and do this with every mirror?”
“Yes. Practice this until your mind begins to subconsciously project the image you created on every reflective surface.”
“I have to go tell Elliot.” I crossed over to the door leading out into the hallway. “He is going to be so relieved.”
“Not so soon, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus pressed the mirror back into my hands after I had put it down on the bed. “Keep this mirror with you at all times. Make sure this is the only one you use when making contact.”
“Why?” I was confused. “If the door works, and I can shut it at will, why keep things contained to just one mirror?”
“Size.” Cyrus shook his head. “If a mirror is large, it becomes a portal large enough for the dead to cross into this realm. When you open the door, you are inviting them to pass through.”
“And they can’t fit through this?” I waved the mirror like a flag. “I thought ghosts were wisps. Shadows. They would be able to fit through a keyhole.”
“Many prefer to remain as they were in life, but their size can be adjusted as needed.” Cyrus stared at me, until I looked away. “So lesson two is simply this: keep this mirror on you at all times. Understand?”
“Yeah, okay.” I didn’t feel the need to tell him I would probably lose the mirror before the week was out. I had a tendency to leave things behind. “I’ll do my best to remember.”
Cyrus passed by me to stand by the small desk in my room. “Also, you need to learn about the god you now serve. You must study the written works about our history.”
I hadn’t noticed the pile of books he had placed on my desk when I had first come into the room, but I noticed them now. There were volumes thicker than my textbooks from UGA. I walked over to them, reaching out to take the first one off the top. Of course, it was a book about crossing over to the other side. The one beneath it? A study on the role death has played in Greek mythology.
“Are you kidding me right now?” I stared at the pile then at the man beside me. “I am not going to read all of these. I don’t have the time.”
“Ms. McRayne, you are an immortal.” Cyrus rewarded my exasperation with a half smile. “You have nothing but time.”
“Tell me more about the immortal part.” I tossed the book down and leaned against the desk. “What does that mean exactly?”
“It means exactly what you think it means.” Cyrus stuffed his hands in his pockets as he looked down on me. “You won’t die as long as you are the Sibyl. Your body is now Apollo’s vessel. You are considered valuable to him.”
“How so?” I tilted my head to the side. “If I am not supposed to use my ability to talk to the dead in public, how does it benefit Apollo?”
“I never said you couldn’t use your abilities in public. I simply suggested that you not go out and willingly seek opportunities to put yourself in danger. Ms. Carter would hold séances for her clients and speak at conferences. She used small venues to bring followers to our god.”
“Perhaps I could try to make contact on the show.” I spoke more to myself than to my protector. “This could be just what we need.”
“My apologies, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus was glowering again. “I don’t believe I heard you correctly.”
“It’s nothing.” I waved his questions away. “Look, I’m really tired. Can we call it a night?”
“You are starting to look pale. Perhaps it is best if we say our goodbyes.” Cyrus grabbed the folders I had forgotten about. “I’ll take a look at these and let you know tomorrow morning which will be best.”
“Alright.” I was only half listening, half paying attention as he left. My mind was racing as I thumbed through the pile of books Cyrus had left behind. Connor and Elliot both insisted we have a gimmick to attract viewers to the show. Could I use this whole Sibyl thing as a gimmick? Could Kathy Carter have given me the one thing needed to make sure Elliot was a success?
I needed to know more about the spirit world. I needed to know the best ways to protect myself and Elliot. If I was going to be cursed, then I would be damned if I didn’t use this newfound power to speak with the dead to my advantage.
No. I would use it to our advantage. I would make sure that Elliot’s show was a success, one way or the other. I plopped down in the desk chair with a new determination. I would learn everything I could about the veil and the myths. If the Sibyls were meant to pull in followers to Apollo, then I would be the best at what I could do. 
I started with the thickest book in the lot, skimming over most of the text. Especially when I came to the part about how the Sibyl was created. Since the story was a repeat of what Cyrus had already told me, I skipped it. I skipped over a lot of the text to be honest. I was tired and my eyes were having a hard time focusing. So much so that I almost missed the very section I had been looking for. It jumped out at me in the gray mass the sentences had become.
“Contacting the Golden One.” I murmured the words out loud, using my finger to underline each sentence as I read. Apparently, the keeper had direct communication with the god at all times in the event something catastrophic happened to the Sibyl. The keeper could request aid and keep Apollo informed on the activities of the Sibyl. There were brief prayers the Sibyl could chant in order to get Apollo’s attention, but I wasn’t sure if such small tokens would be enough. I needed his blessing to make sure Elliot’s show was going to be a hit in the midst of all the other paranormal gurus out there. 
I pushed the book aside and stood, searching the room. After all, I had been raised in South Carolina. We had our fair share of mystics who told fortunes and cast spells for a living. I remembered something my grandmother had taught me one summer on Sullivan’s Island. She had used candles to make her wishes come true. 
Here’s hoping I could utilize her tricks now to contact an ancient god I wasn’t convinced existed.
I found what I was looking for in the back of the television cabinet. The candle was white and stubby, but it would have to do. I snagged it along with a hotel matchbook and returned to the desk. Once I had cleared off enough room, I set the candle up on top of the golden mirror Cyrus had left behind and lit it. 
“Apollo, keeper of the Sun, creator of the Sibyls, aid me in my quest.”
I sat down in front of the candle, wondering if I should fold my hands like I used to do in Sunday School. I figured it didn’t matter, so I interlocked my fingers together as I closed my eyes.
“I know nothing about your powers, and only little more about being your Sibyl. Golden One, grant me the strength to survive this life as your servant. Allow Elliot’s show to be a success. In return, I promise you the attention you seek. Television is a voice heard throughout the world. Its images speak to millions of people. Let me do this for you. If I am to be your Sibyl, grant me my wish. Let our project be a success.”
I closed my eyes, focusing on everything which had led up to that very moment. Elliot’s first proposal of this ridiculous show, Kathy Carter thrusting the mirror in my hands; even the horrible spirits I had encountered so far. I saw myself being able to protect myself from them. 
I opened my eyes to see the flames glowing brighter. The mirror itself shimmered, but no spirits were coming through. I began to wonder if Apollo had heard me or if I were a fool asking for help from the shadows surrounding me. If everything I had experienced had been nothing more than tricks of the light. Perhaps Elliot was right. Perhaps I did need to see a doctor when we got home.
I sniffed out the candle as quickly as I could. There was no doctor who could help me. I wasn’t a fool. I believed in what could be proven through science. But I also believed in myself and what I had seen.
I couldn’t afford not to. 

I must have fallen asleep over the books on the desk because the next thing I knew, I felt myself being lifted up from my chair. Cyrus’ whisper woke me up more than his disruption of picking me up.
“Spellwork, Little One? I didn’t think you had it in you. Now hush. Let the dead rest when you do.”
“What?” I muttered, suddenly all too awake. My keeper was holding me close to his chest with my ear pressed against his shoulder. “What are you talking about?”
“You are talking to them.” Cyrus laid me down on the bed and I sunk down with a sigh. “A habit I am sure you will control in time.”
“I don’t talk in my sleep.” I was going to say more. Refute him. But he simply smiled as he pulled the blankets over me. I felt like a kid being put to bed; safe and warm. Suddenly I was surprised at how much I wanted him to stay. As he nodded his farewell, I reached out to him.
“Stay. Tell me a story.”
“A story?” Cyrus froze in mid-bow. “Haven’t I told you enough for one night?”
He was joking with me. I could see his half smile in the faint light from the hotel’s window. I nodded, snuggling down further into my pillow with a yawn. 
“Yes. Tell me more about you. If you are going to be by my side indefinitely, I may as well know who you are.”
“Indeed.” Cyrus pulled up the chair next to my bed and collapsed his long frame into it. “What would you like to know?”
“Anything. I don’t care.” I was getting sleepy again and I was fighting against it. “How did you come into this life of yours?’
“I was a soldier, Ms. McRayne.” Cyrus leaned forward, linking his fingers together in front of him. “A man married to the service of Greece. I lived, no, I breathed the very battles which killed many of my comrades.”
He paused as if deciding what he should say next. “I was meant to serve Artemis, goddess of war. I did, for a time. I wore her charms beneath my breastplate. My men chanted her name with every victory, and begged to her for forgiveness if we failed.”
“What changed?” I yawned, harder this time. “I thought the Sibyls were Apollo’s creation.”
“They are.” Cyrus smiled again. “I see you took my words to heart. You truly were reading the books I gave you. Did you learn anything useful?”
“Yeah, and you are changing the subject.” I opened one eye to examine his shadow as the light from the window faded. “Go on.”
“I told you of the hunter who doomed the first Sibyl of Cumae?
I nodded.
“That man wasn’t a hunter. He was me.” Cyrus shook his head. “I was taking a short cut to the camp we had set up outside of town when I heard a woman scream. She was begging not to be harmed. When I came to the tree’s edge, I saw them. Apollo is a master at taking the human form. This is how he appeared to me. I unsheathed my sword, yelling for him to release the poor girl at once or face the wrath of my blade.” 
“What happened? Did you have to fight a god?” I leaned up on a single elbow. “What was it like?”
He shifted in the chair as if uncomfortable, but he continued. “Short. Apollo released the girl and turned on me as a lion would his prey. Before I could close half the distance between us, he fired a single arrow from his bow.”
“Where you hurt?” I forgot all about my sleepiness as I listened. Cyrus was a master storyteller. “What happened to the girl?”
“Hurt?” Cyrus gestured to the scar which crossed over his face “I died, Little One, after taking an arrow through my eye. My soul had disconnected itself from my body. I was fading into the Underworld when he brought me back.”
“Why would he kill you only to bring you back to life?”
“As punishment for interrupting his fun. Apollo cursed me then to always be by the girl’s side. As I regained control of myself, he told me quite clearly that since I was so quick to protect the girl in life, then I would do so for all eternity.”
“So this is how you became the Keeper to the Sibyl.”
“Yes, but she wasn’t the Sibyl just yet. When Apollo became pleased with her work, he changed her from the wild woman she had become into a figure who could rival the goddesses themselves.”
“This is what I have become, then. A goddess on earth?” I tried to make light of my words, but the teasing in my voice faltered. “I’m going to need a crown or herald of trumpets to announce my presence whenever I walk into a room now.”
“In a sense, yes. You are a goddess compared to other humans.” Cyrus leaned closer, studying my face as he ignored my joke. “One look at your eyes would convince any man alive of your power.”
“Will they ever change back?” I shifted beneath the covers. “Cyrus, will I ever change back?”
“No, I am afraid not.” Cyrus shook his head as he stood. “And you must rest. I am certain you have a full schedule lined up for tomorrow.”
I remembered my promise to Elliot. If all went well, we were going to be leaving New York tomorrow night for parts unknown. Parts filled to the brim with all the spooky ghosts he could get his hands on. I was not excited, but I knew what Cyrus was saying was the truth.
“Oh, alright.” I sat up with a sigh. “I’ll go to sleep. But you have got to stop calling me Ms. McRayne. It’s going to get annoying in a hundred years or so. Call me Eva.”
I was rewarded with another one of his crooked smiles as he faded into the shadows. I couldn’t understand the emotion which came over me when I saw it, or why I felt so comforted by his presence, but I wanted Cyrus to stay with me.
I snuggled back down into my pillow with another sigh. How could I explain to Elliot the connection I felt to Cyrus? As much as I detested the idea of having the strange man following me everywhere, I was starting to feel as if I needed him there. It wasn’t because of he was easy on the eyes, either. Cyrus knew things I did not. If I were to believe in the spirits I’d seen in the mirror, then I had to believe in what he was trying to teach me. I considered going over to the desk for only a minute before dismissing the idea. These stories had been around forever. They could wait a few more hours.
One thing I did know for certain was Elliot was not going to be happy about my decision. I could count on his displeasure. Arguments which would probably never happen filled my mind. Elliot would tell me I was being effected by how hard I’d hit my head. Or that he had pushed me into too much too soon. I would snap back. Then he would disarm me with one touch of his hand. 
Cyrus was right. I needed my sleep if I were going to get through tomorrow. 


Chapter Nine
I was right. Elliot was not happy with me. In fact, he seemed downright furious as he stomped around my perch on his bed, throwing his clothes in the open suitcase beside me.
“Eva, you can’t be serious. You can’t keep Cyrus. He’s not a stray dog who needs a home.” Elliot grumbled just loud enough for me to hear him. “Though it might be better if he was.”
“But I’ll feed him and pet him and call him George.” My fragile attempt at humor was lost as Elliot turned around to glower at me. “Fine. I won’t pet him. But I need guidance, Elliot. You have to understand how complicated my life has become over the past few days. Cyrus is helping me figure out how to deal with those changes.”
“No I don’t. You didn’t listen to a single thing I told you yesterday.” Elliot picked up a mass of black t-shirts and they joined the pile next to me. “He is just trying to use you. That man is trying…”
“To what?” I returned his sour look with one of my own. “What exactly is Cyrus trying to do? From what I’ve seen, he has done nothing but help me since this whole mess started.”
“That’s my point.” Elliot stopped what he was doing and put his hands on each one of my arms as if to hold me in place. “Eva, you don’t need him. You have me. We can figure this out together.”
“Can we?” I searched his face to find the answers I wanted to badly. “I want to believe that, Elliot, but I think that this Sibyl business is too much for us to handle alone.”
For once, I wasn’t convinced Elliot could solve my problems. Before this trip, I had been so sure that just being around him would make me happy. Now? My confidence was shaken. The visions, the whispers – these things were so much more than I’d ever imagined. If Cyrus was right, then they could take over. I could lose myself in the past and never come back. 
“Of course we can.” Elliot’s tone of voice seemed to be laced with honey as he began to rub his hands against my arms. “Eva, we can do anything together. You know this.”
“That was before I started seeing dead people.” I relished in the excitement of having Elliot so close. I couldn’t let it distract me. “Cyrus can help me with controlling them. Last night, he taught me how to shut the mirrors down.”
“Last night?” Elliot released me. “I thought you were too exhausted to do anything last night.”
“I was.” I shrugged as I searched for a way to get out of the lie I’d been caught in. “But Cyrus dropped by. Since I want to be able to look at myself getting ready in the morning, I asked him to teach me how to make the visions stop every time I look into a mirror. And he did.”
“Strange men in your hotel room at night for a lesson, huh?” Elliot had a snide tone in his voice I didn’t appreciate. “Is that all he happened to teach you?”
“Is that…” I snapped, unable to finish my sentence as I realized what Elliot was implying. “Yes, that is all. How can you even suggest such a thing? By god, how long have you know me? Do you really think I would sleep with a man I’ve only known for two days? Give me a little credit, Elliot. I think I’ve earned it.”
I was about to open the door when he grabbed me. 
“Eva, wait. Look,” Elliot’s shoulders were slumped in defeat as he turned me to face him. “I’m sorry, ok? I didn’t mean what I said. You gotta understand, what we have is important to me. I don’t want to lose it.”
“Then don’t go and make accusations about things you don’t know the first thing about.” I tried to pull away, but his grip tightened. “Let me go.”
“No.” Elliot cupped my face in one of his hands. “I can’t let you do this. I can’t let you lose yourself in the promises this man is making. It’s not right.”
It was my turn to look defeated. I felt the anger seep out of me the instant he touched me. I leaned into the palm of his hand with a sigh. “What are we doing, Eli?”
“We are going to keep on with what we were doing before the conference.” Elliot brushed my jaw with his thumb. “We are going to travel the world, making the best damn show on television.”
“No, I didn’t mean about the show.” I pulled his hands away from my face. “I meant what are we doing with each other? The kiss, these caresses. Elliot, what do you mean by them?”
“I don’t know.” Elliot tightened his grip on my hands before sitting down on the edge of the bed I had vacated. “I don’t know what I am feeling right now. But I know I can’t be without you, Eva. I’ve held back from wanting you for so long. I can’t do it anymore. Not after sitting by your bedside, wondering if what I’d done had hurt you.”
“You didn’t hurt me.” I knelt down to get a better look at his face. “Eli, look at me. You didn’t do anything. And you can’t stop what has already happened.”
“What now? Where we go from here?” Elliot seemed to be searching my face for answers I wasn’t sure I had. “Do we just go back to being friends? Do you want to give us a try? Or do you think being together will ruin everything between us?”
I responded the only way I knew how. I rose up just enough to kiss him, hoping to recapture the passion I’d felt the morning before. 
I did. This time, as Elliot wrapped me up in his embrace, it was better. The uncertainty, the fear of losing him-all of it melted away in that single moment. When I pulled away, I found him smiling.
“No, I don’t think us being together could ruin anything.” I tilted my head to the side as he brushed the hair away from my face. “This has been coming for a long time, Eli. It’s time we recognize it.”
“So we’re a thing now.” Elliot grinned. “An item.”
“Yeah.” I returned his grin. “I guess so. I can see it now. Valentines Day, telling our folks, going from one family to the other on the holidays. It’ll be great.”
“No it won’t. Your dad hates me.” Elliot raised a single eyebrow in my direction. “Especially since I helped you up and move to California.”
“True.” I let Elliot lift me up so I could sit on his lap. “He wasn’t too happy when I told him we got the show. I wouldn’t say he hates you though.”
Elliot started to kiss me again, but he was interrupted by a knock on the door. I shrugged, disentangling myself from his arms before crossing the room to answer it. I knew who it was before I turned the knob though because the same sense of security which had filled me in the darkness last night was surrounding me now.
“Cyrus is here.” I opened the door to see the man brooding over the stack of folders he had taken from me. “And in such a chipper mood! I don’t know if I can stand so much happiness this early in the morning.”
“Good morning to you too.” Cyrus ignored my sarcasm as I stepped aside. He crossed over the threshold just enough for me to shut the door before he started. “You can’t be serious about going to these hovels.”
“Hovels?” Elliot stood, crossing his arms over his chest. “Those aren’t hovels. They are locations where people need our help.”
“Hovels.” Cyrus stressed the word. “Had you taken the time to actually read the information I did last night, you will see why I would come to such a conclusion.”
“No, I didn’t get to read them because you took them from me.” I pointed out the obvious since he wasn’t going to. “Remember? You insisted on having a say in where we were going to be filming.”
“Did he now?” Elliot shook his head as he resumed the packing he had abandoned earlier. “I told you so.”
“Told you what?” Cyrus refused to look at Elliot, so he focused on me. The tension between those two were so thick, it covered the room like a blanket. “It is of no matter. You are too inexperienced to expose yourself to such places.”
“Give me those.” I reached for the folders but Cyrus was much quicker than I was. He stepped back, flipping through them as if they were a deck of cards.
“Great Falls Insane Asylum. Fort Smith Hospital. Green Lawn Mortuary. Abandoned Pennsylvania coal mine. Ah, this one is my personal favorite.” Cyrus stopped at a folder in the middle. “The Black Hollow Murder House.”
“Sounds like quite the tourist attraction.” I snatched the folder away before Cyrus could stop me. “But a murder house? Really?”
“Would you like to tell her, or should I?” Cyrus turned towards Elliot who had come up beside me. “I’m afraid my memory fails me when it comes to all the gory details you have highlighted.”
“You’re exaggerating.” Elliot rolled his eyes as he reached over my shoulder to pull out the single photograph buried in a mound of papers in my hands. “It’s nothing more than an old farmhouse in Kansas.”
“A haunted old farmhouse in Kansas, I presume.” I raised a single eyebrow as I took the picture from him. “That could be anywhere, Elliot. What’s so special about this one?”
“It wasn’t just a murder. There was a suicide, too.” 
“Oh, ok. That’s much better, Eli.”
“Alright, fine.” Elliot glared at Cyrus as he pulled me down into the overstuffed chair in the lounge area of his room. “This house has been kept in pristine condition since the time of the murder. The family who remained turned it into a shrine of sorts. As a result, the spirits stayed behind. Joanna Whitaker, our contact and descendant of the victim, said the ghosts of her great-great grandparents appear to her or to anyone who will come to the house.”
“Alright.” I looked down at the photograph in my hands. It looked simple enough. A two story, middle class home found anywhere in the United States. The only difference between this place and a normal home was the history behind it. “It’s just an old house. How many spirits are supposed to be there?”
“Two.” Elliot shifted through the papers. “Samuel and Catherine Tillotson.”
“Two ghosts, as opposed to the hundreds inhabiting a hospital or an asylum.” I nodded. “Let’s go there.”
“Eva.” Cyrus said my name as if it were a warning. “You don’t understand.”
“Oh, come on. Its two people, if they are even there at all. I can handle two spirits. And you can teach me more on the flight.”
“What do you mean, handle?” Cyrus glowered at me much like Elliot had done earlier when I told him Cyrus was sticking around. After a moment of silence, he scoffed. “No. It is far too dangerous.”
“It is not.” I shook the picture in my hand, tapping it against my knee. “I think this could work.”
“So are you going to let me in on this conversation, or do I need to leave the room?” Elliot had stuffed his hands in his pockets as he stood between the two of us. “I’d hate to be an interruption.”
“There is no conversation.” Cyrus sat the other folders down on the small table by my chair. “Eva has decided she is going to use the powers of the Sibyl to pull in ratings for your little project. She is putting herself in more danger than you could ever imagine.”
“You are so dramatic, Cyrus.” I grinned at the man so obviously a soldier it hurt. “I am simply using the gift granted to me to get the messages from the dead out into the open. Isn’t that the point?”
“No, it is most certainly not. The gift of the Sibyl is not meant to be used in such trivial manners.”
“Yes, it is. That’s exactly what Kathy Carter did every day.” I shrugged. “Don’t worry. I’ll make sure Apollo gets the credit he is after. I think that was the original point, was it not? To pull followers into Apollo’s temple?”
My keeper looked stunned for a second before he quickly recovered the stoic look he wore so well. “You surprise me, Little One. Apollo will be pleased.”
“I told you I did some of the reading you gave me last night.” I ignored Elliot’s obvious displeasure at the nickname Cyrus had assigned to me. I had also decided it was for the best not to mention my own attempts at contacting the god himself. “Then it’s settled. Eli, call Connor and have him book us a flight to Kansas. We’ve got a show to do.” 


Chapter Ten
There was no easy way to get to Black Hollow, Kansas. We took the first flight out to Wichita, landing well after midnight then drove another two hours before we passed the town sign welcoming us to the heartlands of America. Even in the dark, I could tell this wasn’t much of a heartland. The two lane road Elliot was driving us down was lined on both sides by flat pastures, broken up only by the occasional silo or billboard. Most of the signs were pointing us back to Wichita, where there were actual things to attract people to the good state of Kansas. 
“Turn right in two miles.”
The mechanical voice of the rental car’s GPS broke the silence that filled the car. Cyrus was in the back seat, flipping through his phone and muttering to himself. Elliot kept his eyes on the road, still refusing to speak to me after I demanded he get Cyrus a ticket on the plane with us. And me? I was lost in my own thoughts of what Cyrus had taught me. I kept imagining my door to the otherworld, adding chains to it then taking them away. The only way I could ever be helpful was to learn how to open the door and let the spirits speak for themselves. I had to learn how to call specific ones forward while pushing the others away.
“Cyrus, I can call forth specific spirits, right? Isn’t that what the other Sibyls could do?”
“Yes. It took them years of practice to accomplish such a feat.” 
I took his words for what they were; a deterrence. I ignored them.
“That’s what I want to learn next.” I shifted in my seat to face him. “If this is going to work, I need to know how to ask for the specific souls in the underworld.”
“What happened to you, Eva?” Elliot was making the right turn onto Main Street when he interrupted me. “Just a few days ago, you were laughing at the very thought of ghosts. Now you are trying to contact them?”
“I know it sounds ridiculous.” I chose my words carefully. “I don’t know how to explain what I’ve seen, Eli. I’ve told you this already. Besides, you’ve told me at least a hundred times that there are things in this world we can not explain. I hate to say this, but I believe I am now one of those things.”
He grabbed my hand then kissed the back of it. “And I hate to say this, but maybe you should listen to Cyrus. You are too new at this life.”
“Indeed she is.” Cyrus tucked his phone into his jacket pocket. “Perhaps you can convince Eva not to put herself into unnecessary danger as it seems I have failed. She listens to you.”
“Last time I checked, I am an adult.” I frowned. “One who capable to making her own decisions.”
“You are.” Elliot squeezed my hand and placed it on the armrest between us. “Just promise me you’ll be careful.”
“Hey, I heard what Cyrus said about being possessed. I happen to like who I am. I’m not looking to become anyone else.”
 I tried to make light of my words. It was hard to do so. I was determined, yes. But I was also afraid. Images of the wild woman in my hotel mirror returned to the forefront of my mind along with how much I wanted to join her on the other side of the glass. I chased the memory away with a quick shake of my head. “I’ll be careful, I promise.”
“We’re here.” Elliot pulled into a small parking spot right in front of the town’s only hotel. It blended in so well with the other storefronts, I had a hard time figuring out just which door we were supposed to go into. As we got out of the car, Elliot spoke up once more. 
“The rest of the crew will be flying in tomorrow. We’ll call Joanna and set up a time to meet with her. Find out exactly what is going on before we go to the location.”
“Alright,” I took a breath as Cyrus climbed out from the backseat. “We have to come up with a back story for Cyrus, too. I’m not ready to announce to your production team just why I need a bodyguard.”
“It’s just a good a cover as any.” Cyrus leaned against the car as he took in the quiet street. “Elliot has already told them you were attacked at the conference, correct?”
I nodded. 
“Then tell them I was hired on from a security firm in New York for your protection.”
“You know,” I paused for only a moment as I snagged my purse out of the floorboard and went to join Elliot on the sidewalk. “That makes perfect sense.”
“Come on.” Elliot reached for my hand, intertwining our fingers. “Let’s get inside. It’s been a very long night and tomorrow isn’t going to be any better.”
I resisted the urge to snuggle closer to Elliot’s side with Cyrus following so close behind us. As much as the move to California was a new start for me, tomorrow would be the start of what we were here to do. I was nervous, but ready to face whatever came our way.
Spirits and possessions be damned.
***
I couldn’t sleep. Maybe it was because of jetlag or the fear of making a complete fool out of myself. More than likely, it was because I couldn’t shut the damn whispers up. I had left the mirror packed up in my overnight bag and even after I moved it into the armoire which served as my closet, I could still here them. I tried to block them out. I tried to imagine my mental door. Nothing was working. I finally gave up after burying my head underneath every pillow and blanket I could find. I climbed out of bed, threw on my clothes from the trip to Kansas before heading downstairs.
There was a small lounge area by the front door decked out in big fluffy couches and chairs. Since the nights were getting colder out here on the plains, someone had been kind enough to light a fire in the fireplace against the far wall. I stopped, curling up on one side of the biggest couch with a sigh of happiness. The whispers were silent down here. There were no mirrors decorating the walls; only cheap paintings in even cheaper frames. It was peaceful.
Quiet.
I stared at the flames jumping around in front of me, willing them to ease my troubled mind. I decided to go over everything Cyrus had taught me so far. He was so worried about what could happen when we went to the farmhouse tomorrow. Me? I was more worried about what had already occurred. I wanted nothing more than to forget about the past few days which kept haunting me.
“Can’t sleep?” Cyrus stepped out of the shadows to hand me a silver flask. “This should help.”
“Liquor?” I looked up to him in surprise as I accepted the container he pressed into my hand. “I would never have suspected you were a drinker.”
“It’s not just any liquor.” Cyrus gave me a look of horror that made me laugh. “You are holding the ambrosia of the gods in your hands.”
I took the top off and sniffed. “Whiskey?”
Cyrus grinned as he perched on the armrest of the chair by my head. “Any strong liquor will do. They don’t call them spirits for nothing. I happen to like whiskey. Go on. Try it.”
I gestured for him to sit next to me as I took a swig of the amber liquid. The whiskey burned like hell as it went down. I choked, passing it back to him as quickly as I could. 
“How in the world do you drink that?” I managed as I caught my breath between coughs. “It’s disgusting.”
“Perhaps so. Or perhaps you haven’t given it a proper chance.” Cyrus smiled as he took a sip. “We all need something to quiet our ghosts, Little One. I am no different.”
He passed the flask back to me. “Now tell me what troubles you. The spirits?”
“Yes. No. I don’t know.” I swallowed another gulp as our drinking session officially began. The fire in my throat went down easier this time. “If I’m honest, I’m trying to make sense of this Sibyl business.”
“There is no point in trying to find logic where it doesn’t exist.” Cyrus accepted the flask. “And believe me, there is no logic where the gods are concerned.”
“I don’t believe in the paranormal, Cyrus. Or at least, I didn’t think I did.” I took my turn to drink, turning the flask in my hands. “Now, I’m not sure what to believe. I’ve seen people who shouldn’t exist. Not here; in Heaven or Hell, maybe. But not here.”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the saying there are more things between heaven and earth…”
“Than we can understand.” I finished his sentence with a nod. “I have. I’ve never put much stock into it though.”
“If you didn’t believe, then why are you involved in this television show?” Cyrus was studying me in the firelight as if I were a puzzle he needed to solve. “That is what I can’t make sense of.”
“Elliot.” I answered before I could stop myself. “No, it wasn’t because of Elliot. I needed the money the production company offered me.”
“No, Little One,” Cyrus smiled and sipped. “I believe you are here because of your beloved. Were you afraid of losing him?”
“What do the dead have to say?” I decided to change the subject. I didn’t want Cyrus to see me as some lovesick college kid hanging onto her crush. So I turned the conversation back onto the subject he knew the most about. The same one I knew the least about. “I mean, once you die, your worldly troubles should fall away, right? What’s the point of coming back?”
Cyrus was right. The more I drank, the easier it became to swallow the whiskey. I was drinking too much and I knew I would pay the price tomorrow. I didn’t care. We continued to pass the flask between us until it was empty, alternating between staring at the flames and each other. Cyrus finally responded once the whiskey was gone.
“Life is a difficult thing to let go of, but the memories of that life are even harder to relinquish. No one can truly determine what the spirits will say. The most tortured souls often hold their secrets close, but once they share them, they are able to find peace. You will learn some horrible things, Eva. I want to warn you so you can be prepared.”
“It can’t all be bad. Do you have anything funny to go with all your melancholy?” 
“During the time of the second Sibyl, one spirit wished for her to find the gold he had hidden from his family. He wanted to make sure it was still there so he could reclaim it if he were ever reborn. Believe me when I say that I spent two weeks trying to find his damn treasure. It wasn’t there.”
I raised an eyebrow as I asked the only thing I could think of. “How many Sibyls have there been, Cyrus?”
“You are the seventh Sibyl.” 
There had been seven Sibyls. I wanted to ask him questions about these women. How did they survive their role without going insane? Did any of them actually want to talk to the dead? I wanted to know, but the whiskey was making it difficult to concentrate. 
I decided to focus on what he said about finding peace instead of my questions. I could understand the need for peace. I curled up against Cyrus’ side and laid my head on his knee. He stiffened, but I ignored his reaction. I was sure it was the liquor making me so friendly, but I couldn’t stop myself or the words I found myself speaking.
“I am glad you are here with me, Cyrus. I think we can be good friends despite your creepiness.”
“I am still creepy?” Cyrus relaxed and I could hear the amusement in his voice. “Perhaps creepy is a part of my charm.”
“You never did finish telling me your story.” I smiled to myself. There was something about Cyrus I found comforting. He was so solid; so focused on his position as my keeper. Suddenly, I wanted to know everything I could about him. “Are you drunk enough to finish telling me your secrets?”
“I don’t get drunk. It’s not possible.” Cyrus shifted beneath me. I couldn’t help but move too. I moved just enough to look up at him without removing my head from the spot I’d claimed. After a few moments, he continued. “You are the strange one, Eva. None of the others have been as curious about my past as you are.”
“I told you, we’re going to be friends.” I frowned. “Unless there is some rule you haven’t shared with me about Sibyls and Keepers can’t get to know each other.”
“No.” Cyrus shook his head. I felt his hand brush against my hair before he pulled back. “I don’t believe such a rule exists. I will share my past with you, Sibyl. Just as the rest of the dead do.”
“You’re being creepy again, bringing up the dead and all.”
Cyrus chuckled. “Do you want to hear this or not?”
“I do. I’m infinitely curious. You left off where you were first cursed by Apollo.”
“Yes, I remember.” Cyrus fell silent for a moment before he began. “As I said, I became tied to Delphine. As the weeks passed, men from my regiment came to Cumae searching for me. Despite my newfound status as her guard, Delphine didn’t trust me. She barricaded herself into her rooms. My men passed me by without ever learning of my fate.”
“Did they consider you a traitor? A deserter?” I didn’t mean to interrupt him, but I wanted to understand. “Were you ever able to speak with them again?”
“No, they never found me.” Cyrus’ features looked twisted in the shadows. “I was given up for dead. As the years passed, I grew to hate the role thrust upon me. How could I not? I had no freedoms whatsoever. Delphine did not leave her father’s house unless forced to. She despised the looks she received from the townspeople. I was always behind her, acting as her shadow.  Many labeled me her slave, and she did nothing to dispel those beliefs. Yet, her life was peaceful. Boring. It was torture for a man who had strived in the fires of war.”
“Didn’t you say she was ran out of town?” I studied the flames lighting the room around us. I tried to imagine what his world had been like. Cyrus was ancient. You didn’t have to be a psychic to see the age in his eyes. 
“Indeed she was. Delphine had seen her hundredth birthday pass when the fear became too much for those who knew of her. It was in the spring when the mobs gathered to put an end to her life. She had survived in the comfort of her home for so long, she became convinced the world had forgotten about her. It hadn’t. As the mob crashed down her gates, I did the only thing I knew to do.”
“You fought them, didn’t you?” I turned just enough to see his face. “You must have, being her guard and all.”
“I wish I could say I had been so brave, Little One.” Cyrus smiled down at me. “But alas, no. A true warrior knows which battles to fight, and which to avoid. I pulled Delphine down into the servants’ quarters. The men who had come for her head looted the wealth her parents had left behind as they searched for us. They called out horrible things, promising to send her down to Hades before the night was through.”
“If the two of you were truly immortal, why didn’t you fight them? I don’t understand.”
“I would have fought them – Delphine as well. But it would have been for naught. Our days in Cumae were over. We both realized it. Killing the men who had attacked her house that night would have been a waste of Greek life. Since we had a method to escape, I saw no reason to send them to their deaths.”
“So you’re a big softie after all.” I had returned to my original position of resting on his knee with a smirk. “How did you escape?”
“A servant passage.” Cyrus chuckled as if the memories he were recalling were funny to him. Perhaps they were. “It was the easiest thing in the world. Delphine dressed in the clothes of a male servant. We slipped out into the night, using the light from the fires set in her house to find our way out of town. We returned to the forest where we had been damned. Though I hated her, I came to respect her. Here was a woman who had known nothing but luxury during her existence, yet she discarded it with such ease. Delphine accepted her banishment to the forests, adapting as I did to life in the wild.”
We fell into a comfortable silence then, watching the flames. Every once in awhile, he would stroke my hair and I was sure he was just as wrapped up in his own memories of his life as I was in the story he had told me. I found it to be very sad.
I don’t know how long we stayed on the couch, but soon, Cyrus was shifting beneath me. “You must return to your room, Eva. Whiskey can be wicked if you don’t sleep it off.”
I let Cyrus lead me up the stairs, finding my own steps unsteady. He was right. I needed sleep if I was going to survive my first day as a ghost hunter. As we crossed the threshold into my room, I found the whispers had gone silent.
I was asleep the moment my head hit the pillow.

 “Eva, you have got to sit still.”
Jonathan Ford was two seconds away from smacking the back of my head with his hairbrush as I adjusted in my chair for the umpteenth time. Not that I could blame him. He had been sent by Theia Productions to make sure I fit the role I was determined to play on our show. Connor had sent in a small army along with him. There were three people from Wardrobe along with countless people to set up the old farmhouse. I swear, he sent the entire Hair and Makeup department to make me more presentable which is where Jonathan fit into the picture. The man was a perfectionist with a vision; this is why he was getting so frustrated with me.. 
I wasn’t being very helpful.
“Fine.” I groaned as I slumped down into the chair. “I’ll behave.”
“Sit up.” Jonathan pulled at my shoulders until I complied. “There’s a good girl.” 
He made small talk about his life in L.A. as he danced around my chair with scissors and potions meant to make my blonde hair even lighter. Thirty minutes of my life I would never get back passed as he worked. To be fair, I was taking the time to read up on the history surrounding the old farmhouse. It wouldn’t look very professional for me to be meeting with the family of the victims and not know the first thing about them.
I was struck by the sadness of the story. Samuel Tillotson had been a farmer; a good man who simply snapped after being confined in his small house for months after a massive blizzard hit Black Hollow in January of 1876. The newspaper clippings sensationalized the story. Journalists at the time claimed Samuel found his wife in bed with another man. None of these claims had any sources, nor did they make any sense.
If you are trapped in a small house during one of the worst snowstorms in history, how can people get to you? How could a lover trek through the ice undetected? And as far as the possession, well. I’d seen the nightlife Black Hollow had to offer when we pulled into town yesterday. There wasn’t any. I’m sure there was even less in 1876.
I switched my focus to the police report the guys in Research had managed to get a hold of. The handwriting was tiny and it was extremely difficult to read. I could make out how Samuel’s body was found with a knife buried in his chest. Catherine’s bones were piled up next to him. They couldn’t determine how long they had been there due to the frozen temperatures. The police were quick to note it was an apparent suicide, although no note was found and it was unclear whether Catherine had been murdered or died from natural causes during the blizzard.
The researchers had found us a good story. One filled with the promise of vengeance or, at the very least, madness. I chalked one up for them as Jonathan continued his assault on my poor hair. I must have made a face because the man’s chatter was interrupted by Cyrus chuckling from his perch by the door.
“You look miserable, Little One.”
“That’s because I am.” I grumbled as I blew at the strands covering my right eye. “You would be too if you were in my position.”
“Indeed I would.” Cyrus smirked. “Then again, I know better than to put myself in such a situation.”
“Just be quiet.” I pouted as he continued laughing at me. Jonathan huffed despite the fact my words weren’t meant for him. He fell silent as well as he tugged my newly bleached hair into thick pink rollers. 
“There. It’s not much, but it is all I can do for now.” Jonathan clapped his hands as a group of women began to swarm around me with tackle boxes filled to the brim with creams meant to highlight my natural beauty. 
I hated each and every one of them.
“Cyrus, go find Elliot.” I managed as a perky assistant brushed a thick paste across my forehead. “Tell him I want to see him right this instant.”
“I can’t.” Cyrus shrugged. “Bound to you, remember? I’m not allowed to leave my post.”
“You can’t or you won’t because you’re enjoying this too much?”
Cyrus gave me a lopsided grin. “Both?”
“Just go. No one could get past this group if they wanted to.”
“Very well.” Cyrus stood with a sigh of annoyance before disappearing into the shadows. He would have to learn how to use the door like normal people if he was going to act like a bodyguard. Well, a human one at least.
 “Eva, what’s wrong?” 
Elliot came through the door in a rush, his own face covered in the same goop being applied to me. “Cyrus said you needed to see me. It was important.”
“It is important.” I huffed, brushing aside the pair of hands tilting my chin upward. I was not rewarded for my efforts because those hands returned, the woman muttering about difficult divas with dark circles as she continued her work. “Can you explain to me why I’m getting assaulted with hairspray and foundation? I thought we were just doing interviews today.”
“We are.” Elliot’s tone was full of the laughter he was trying so hard to contain. “Joey is going to be filming them though. Without the make up, you’d look like the dead underneath the lights.”
“Poor choice of words, Eli.” I forced my head straight despite the woman’s attempts to keep me in place. “We are starting filming? Today?”
“Yeah. The sooner the better. Joanna is meeting us over at the house in two hours. You’ve got to be ready.”
The more I thought about what Elliot said, the bigger the knot grew as it formed in my throat. We were filming. As in television.
What in the world was I doing?
“What you were meant to do.” Cyrus spoke up as if I had spoken my concerns out loud. “You were right. He was extremely pleased with your decision.”
Cyrus didn’t have to go into any further details. He could only mean Apollo. I made a note to ask him about how his contacts with a god worked. 
“I’ll be just a minute longer then I’ll come to keep you company.” 
Elliot started to come towards me but stopped when I shook my head, barely missing being stabbed in the eye with an eyeliner pencil in the process.
“No, take your time. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Me? Scared? I don’t know the meaning of the word.” Elliot waved my words away as if he rushed into my room every day. “Are you really ok? I’m sure we can put this off for a little longer if you need to.”
“Elliot, I have been in this chair for a good hour now, and from the looks I keep getting from your appearance people, I might be here for another hour. I do not want to repeat this process if I don’t have to.”
Elliot laughed. “Then we’ll do it. See you in a little while, Eva.”
“See you soon.” I muttered as he left the room. Cyrus took the papers from my lap as the women continued their work. I think I dozed off because one of them tugged at my arm.
“Ta da!” She cried out as I opened my eyes to the mirror she held in front of me. “What do you think?”
I couldn’t respond. The whispers I had been so successful at holding back were rushing forward. There was no time to prepare myself as there had been in the hotel room when Cyrus and I were practicing. I stared at the mirror with an expression of horror as the woman who I recognized from the newspaper drawings in my lap formed in the glass. Her eyes were hardened with a look of hatred. I tried to look away, but I couldn’t. She held my gaze and began to speak.
“You have come to visit with me.”
“What…” I knew Cyrus was by my side. I could feel him there. He was speaking, but I couldn’t hear him over the woman. She continued, clutching at her throat as if trying to hide the wound stretched across it.
“I’ll see you soon enough, Sibyl. We have much to discuss.”
“The door, Little One. Close it. Now.”
Cyrus. He managed to break through the whispers and refocus my thoughts. I imagined my door, watched it appear across the image and slammed it shut. Cyrus had wrestled the hand mirror away from the woman, setting it aside face down on the table before pushing her away from me. 
“Out, all of you.” Cyrus didn’t yell, but he didn’t need to. His voice was one they dared not disobey. I used the time it took for them to leave to try to gather up my thoughts. I felt disoriented and nauseous. When they were all gone, Cyrus knelt down by my feet. He took my chin in his hand to better examine my face.
“Are you alright?”
I threw my arms around his neck and buried my face into his shoulder. Cyrus held me until my body stopped trembling, saying nothing as I told him of the woman I’d seen as well as the words she had spoken. He was good to me. Cyrus didn’t try his usual tactic of telling me I didn’t have to go. Or offer me a chance to run away from Black Hollow as fast as possible. Instead, he let me work through the fear until I was well enough to pull away on my own. I wanted to go back to my little room to cry, but a promise is a promise. Besides, I wasn’t kidding when I told Elliot this beauty routine was too much to handle.
“Sorry.” I mumbled, reaching up to wipe my eyes then stopping before I smeared anything. “They are going to think I am insane.”
“They already do.” Cyrus offered me a small smile. “I believe the exact phrase the women were using was ‘difficult diva’?”
I wanted to smile, but couldn’t manage it. Instead, I shuddered. “Cyrus, if this can happen here, in a safe place, what happens when we get to the house?”
“Remember your door, Eva.” Cyrus took my hands and squeezed them. “I will teach you more as time passes, but for now, believe each mirror in that house is covered by the very image you created. Allow the spirit to speak with you only through Apollo’s mirror.”
“How do I keep them quiet?” I leaned forward. “The whispers. She was talking to me. I could hear her.”
“Block them out. You have to; otherwise, you can truly go insane from it.” Cyrus glanced around the empty room. “If it becomes too much, ask Apollo for assistance. Guidance. He has always aided his Sibyls. You are no different.”
“Is there a prayer, a chant?” I stood up to pace the room. “I’ve never talked to a god before. Do I give him an offering?”
I didn’t count my little spell back in New York. I wasn’t so sure it had qualified as actual contact with a deity since I never heard anything back from him.
“You already have by promising to showcase him on this project of yours.” Cyrus stood along with me, tucking his hands in his pockets. “Talk to him as you would to me. Well, not exactly like you talk to me. Be respectful.”
“Hey, I can be respectful when I need to be.”
It was Jonathan who knocked on the door to interrupt us. He gasped at the sight of me, clamoring with excitement over my new face as he pulled me over to the chair. As he pulled rollers from my hair, I looked to Cyrus who was still standing in place. Apollo could guide me, but it was Cyrus who would protect me.
I was sure about that.


Chapter Eleven

The Black Hollow Murder House looked exactly like it did in the picture. In fact, without its horrible nickname or history, it was a house I could see myself settling down in one day. Bay windows gleamed in the sun. The black shutters contrasted nicely against the outside’s white paint. It was far enough from the road to block out any noise from passing cars. Not that there were many cars driving past it. This place was out in the middle of nowhere. 
“Welcome to Black Hollow!” A chubby woman decked out in full Victorian regalia stepped off the front porch. She grabbed for Elliot’s hand to shake it with a warm smile. “You must be Elliot and Eva. I’m Joanna. So nice to be able to put a face with the voice I’ve been talking to on the phone.”
“It’s nice to meet you, too.” Elliot returned her shake. “Is Joey Lawson here already? Has he talked to you about the interview?”
“Yes. I believe I’ve talked to him. Your people have been here since 9 this morning, setting everything up. Several of them made sure to tell me what I needed to say.” 
“We need you to tell us the truth.” I spoke up as I moved away from the car to stand by Elliot’s side. “Otherwise, this is never going to work.”
“The truth?” Joanna smiled. “Well, now. What fun is that?”
“We don’t need fun.” I glanced at Elliot. “In order for our evidence to speak for itself, we have got to know the whole story. This is where you come in.”
“I was teasing, my dear.” Joanna’s friendly smile had turned cold. She must have decided that Elliot was more to her liking because she took him by the arm and led him inside. I was left outside alone with Cyrus, tempted not to follow them inside. 
“Hey, McRayne!” 
The man I recognized as Joey Lawson had opened the front door with a large black camera slung over his shoulder. “You coming?”
“Yeah.” I allowed myself one last moment of peace before I climbed up the stairs after him. “I’m coming.”
***
“It was a horrible tragedy. Black Hollow had never seen such violence before, and hasn’t since that fateful day in 1876.”
I had to make an effort not to roll my eyes at Joanna’s theatrics. We were seated on an overstuffed Victorian couch better suited for a parlor in Charleston than this small house in Kansas. In fact, the whole place seemed to be made up in the most garish Victorian fashions imaginable.
Much like Joanna herself. She was simpering now, overcome by the deaths of two as he continued on with his interview. I caught Joey standing off to the side, struggling to open a piece of gum while holding the camera steady and tried not to laugh. I wondered if he knew this was what he was signing up for when he agreed to join our little show. 
I doubted it.
“How are you related to the Tillotsons, Ms. Whitaker?”
Elliot had leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees as he listened to her explain how she was the daughter of Samuel’s great uncle. Not direct granddaughter as we had been led to believe. I made a mental strike in my head of the first lie she had been caught in, promising to look up her history as soon as I could.
“I was raised here, you see. These very walls speak of the murder which happened here. Poor Catherine.” 
Joanna was on the verge of tears again, so I stepped in. “Tell us about them.”
“What?” She paused, either for the effect or because she was surprised I had finally spoken. Either way, the woman had the decency to stop her ridiculous dramatics.
“The murders. What happened that night?” 
“Oh, well. It is told that Samuel flew into a rage after he discovered Catherine had a lover. He had adored her, you see. He even had built this house for them to raise a family in.”
“But tax records show Samuel bought the house in 1872.” I had no problems interrupting her second lie. “It was already here when they came to Kansas from Tennessee. He didn’t build anything.”
Joanna glared at me. “Well, perhaps I have my facts wrong. But he did, at least, buy this house for her. And they were madly in love.”
“How did he find out about this lover?” I mirrored Elliot, leaning forward as if I were engrossed by her tale. 
“Well, now, it was such a scandal!” Joanna threw a gloved hand to her forehead. “He walked in on them in the midst of a passionate embrace. Her lover got away, but poor Catherine! She met the edge of her husband’s very blade that night.”
“I don’t understand.” I gestured to Cyrus who brought my folder to me. I thumbed through the paperwork and found what I was looking for. “According to the Wichita papers, there was a blizzard during the week of the murder. And it had been snowing for weeks prior to that. How could a lover get to this house – which is out in the middle of nowhere – and get away without freezing to death? Besides, we don’t know if Catherine was stabbed or not. Even the police reports are unclear on how she actually died.”
“Can we take a break please?” Joanna was positively furious as she pulled a fan out from her elegant costume and slapped herself on the knee. Joey made moves to cut the camera off. She made sure he sat the equipment down before she turned on me.
“What are you trying to do?” Our client snapped at me. “You ask me questions but refuse to believe my answers. How dare you!”
“I told you outside and I’m telling you now, we are here for the truth.” I returned her glare as I gestured to the papers in my lap. “There is this new thing called the internet. I’m sure you’ve heard of it. The people who watch television also utilize those services. They can easily pull up the information you give to us. If it is wrong, it will do more harm than good. Your theatrics are fantastic, I’m sure. But I did not travel all the way here to be lied to.”
“Lied to?” Joanna was huffing. “Why, I never! You understand, don’t you?” She turned on Elliot like a cat. “You understand how important the legend is around these parts. It is what keeps our town on the map because tourists want to believe the tragedy.”
“Yes, I do.” Elliot disentangled himself from the grip the woman had on him. “But Eva is right, ma’m. We are doing an investigation, not a travel show. We need to know what really happened so it can support what the spirits are telling us.”
“There are no facts!” Joanna stood up in a swirl of skirts and spit. “We don’t know what happened.”
I caught sight of Joey finally getting into that piece of gum. I noticed to the small red light on the camera was blinking. God bless him, our cameraman had turned the camera back on when she wasn’t looking.
“Alright, alright.” I stepped in, trying to act as a mediator. “Let’s start over, shall we? Joey, grab your camera. Let’s start with what we do know. Two people died here, right?”
As Joey raised the camera up, Joanna’s anger fell away to the genteel façade she had when we arrived. She sank back into her chair with a nod. “Yes.”
“Catherine Tillotson was believed to be murdered by her husband, Samuel Tillotson, who then killed himself in the backyard?”
“Yes. It was,” She looked up to me and the tone in her voice fell a notch. “That is where they found him with the knife buried in his chest.”
“Ok.” I started to pace, but there wasn’t enough room with all the knickknacks and tables cluttering the room. I settled on tapping my fingers against my chin instead. “And it is believed this place is haunted.”
“Yes.” Joanna’s face lit up as she saw an opportunity for the theatrics to continue. “We see them, you know. Catherine and Samuel. They appear before us in the shape of wisps and shadows.”
“What else?” Elliot shifted in his seat and I could see the interest in his eyes. 
“Well, things move on their own accord. The knickknacks and such. I believe Catherine loves to have them in her home. She always loved such delicate things.”
“Ms. Whitaker,” I made sure the underlying warning was clear in my words. “The facts and nothing more.”
“Oh, very well. Come see the rest of the house I’ll show you the diary Samuel kept when they first moved here.” 
Joanna led us up a thin staircase and into an even smaller hallway. When she reached the final room to her left, she opened the door. “This was their bedroom. We had it restored to fit the time period, just as every other room in the Tillotson home.”
Elliot stepped inside, but before he could utter a single word of warning, I followed in behind him to be faced with a large oval mirror. There were no whispers in my head this time; only the loud screams of the woman facing me in me the glass. She was covered in the blood which ran from her neck. The moment I stepped into the room, I felt a sharp pain rip across my throat as her anger overwhelmed my mind. I’m afraid I screamed along with her as she reached out, her arms slipping through the glass as if it were liquid. 
My screams were silent. I could feel myself trying to get it out, but there was nothing. No sound. No echo. Nothing.
“Eva!” Elliot grabbed me, pulling me from the room so quickly I crumpled into a heap on the carpet. He then turned to a bewildered Joanna. “Close the door. Now!”
I heard the door slam shut as Elliot gathered me up in his arms. I couldn’t shake the fear surrounding me. I knew the woman I’d seen was Catherine. I had been blindsided by the mirror itself and she took advantage of it to scare the daylights out of me. Elliot sat me back down on the sofa with Cyrus crouching down beside me.
“Little One, Eva,” Cyrus reached up and brushed his hand over my neck. “You are bleeding.”
“No, I’m not.” I was trying to get a hold of myself as my voice came back. I sounded like I had swallowed a bucket full of nails. “She didn’t touch me.”
“She didn’t have to.” Cyrus lifted up his hand to show me his fingers were streaked with blood. “Catherine Tillotson shared more than her presence with you, it seems.”
“She shared her wounds.” I finished his sentence, staring incredulously at him. “How is this possible? Why can’t I feel it?”
“What is going on here?” Joanna was standing off to the side, upset she was no longer the center of our camera’s attention. No, such an honor was reserved for me now. “I thought you didn’t want dramatic.”
“Take care of her.” Cyrus gestured to Elliot from his position by my feet. “She will only be in the way.”
“Damn you, no.” Elliot looked as if he were going to knock Cyrus clear across the room as he put his cell phone to his ear. “Let me get a doctor in here to take a look at Eva. She needs help. That cut looks pretty serious.”
“It will heal on its own before any physician can get here.” Cyrus stood and faced Elliot. “If my words weren’t true, if she wasn’t what she is, then your Eva would be dead by now. Obviously, she is very much alive. There is nothing to worry about. Now go. Take care of the spectator. I will ensure the Sibyl’s safety.”
“Spectator? Why, I never! And in my very own house!” Joanna was so upset by Cyrus, her lily white complexion became red with anger. “I have every right to be here if any of this footage is going to be shown on television.”
“Ma’am, Eva has had an injury. It is best if we give her some room.” 
Elliot sounded tired as he took the woman’s elbow to lead her outside. I could hear him as they stood out on the porch. He was reassuring her I would be fine and that Theia Productions was not going to sue her. I could tell he had his hands full, but I didn’t have the strength to go outside to save him. I reached to my throat and traced the jagged line stretching across my skin. I took a brief moment to wonder if I would end up with a scar as I pulled my hand away. A quick glance down at my shirt told me it was ruined. After I finished my brief examination, I turn to my keeper for answers.
“I didn’t die because of the immortality clause in this whole Sybil contract, right?”
Cyrus didn’t answer. He didn’t have to. I could see the affirmation in his dark eyes as he busied himself with examining me.
“How could she harm me? Cyrus, Catherine wasn’t contained by the glass. She reached through it.”
Cyrus lifted himself up to sit on the couch beside me when he was satisfied the wound had indeed closed on its own. I was sure he did it to buy time to find his answer. I wasn’t mistaken. When Cyrus spoke, his words were slow and careful.
“As I told you many times before, Eva, you have much training to do in the event something like what just happened does indeed occur. The spirit world is one of power. Certain souls have more than others. You must be prepared.”
“So they can physically hurt me now?” I hissed in an attempt to keep my voice down. It was hard enough to sit here as if nothing had happened. “I thought my powers were limited to just seeing and speaking with them. Messenger of the dead, remember?”
“I do.” Cyrus kept his hands together in his lap. “Messenger of the dead, daughter of Apollo. Those are your titles, Little One. I thought you did the readings I gave you. Did you skip the ones regarding Hades?”
“I don’t know. I read a lot, mind you. It seems like I missed the most important parts though.” I sighed. “How can I keep them from harming me? Or at the very least, from being so scared I need to change my jeans after an encounter.”
He chuckled. “Time? Practice? Exposure? There are no certain methods to protect yourself, Little One. I can only tell you what the others before you found to be useful. Expect to see them. Learn to listen to the sounds of the dead long before you are faced with a portal they can get though.”
“Like the mirror upstairs.”
“Yes. I told you before, use only Apollo’s mirror to make contact. The glass is too small for them to reach through.” Cyrus tapped the side of my head gently. “Stop and listen before you walk into any space. If you start to hear the whispers, put up the door in your mind. This will hold them off until you can actively do so when faced by them in the glass itself. If they come through, form a shield much like your door around you. This too will be easier with practice. I will be able to pull you free if I must, but it is dangerous for you.”
“My new role has become extraordinarily tedious.” I grumbled as I stood up to go outside. I could feel the hate in this place now, and it was so much more than I could have believed possible. The very walls seemed to vibrate with the resounding scream still echoing inside my mind. “Let’s go. I think we are done here for now.”
“Yes, I believe so as well.” Cyrus nodded as he followed me. “For now.”

Chapter Twelve
“I know this might be a bad time to bring up the blood and all, but do either of you care to explain to me what happened back there?”
Joey had a mouth full of pizza as he spoke. I handed him a napkin from the basket in front of me with a sigh. We had left the farmhouse on the pretense of getting ready for our investigation tonight. Well, it wasn’t much of a pretense. We really did need to get our equipment together. Truth be told though, I needed to get out of there and the boys needed to eat. After a quick stop so I could change clothes, we found a pizza joint and collapsed into the most secluded booth we could find.
“I’m not sure if you want to know, Joey.” I pushed my own plate aside. Having your throat slit by an angry spirit did wonders for killing your appetite. “It’s quite the long story.”
 “Hey, I’m on the clock. I got nothing but time since you’re paying me to be here.” Joey turned his attention to Elliot as if he would give him the answers I wasn’t willing to give up so easily. “So what gives, Lancaster? Your girl some sort of psychic or something?”
“Or something.” Elliot took my hand from across the table. “It’s up to you, Eva. Your story. Your choice.”
“If Joey is going to be with us for awhile, he will need to know.” I sighed. “Ok. Just promise you won’t call me crazy when I’m done, ok?”
“I won’t call you crazy. I can make no promises, however, of not making fun of you.”
I smiled despite myself. “Fair enough. Remember Paracon?”
“Yeah. I got out of it since I’m just the equipment guy.”
“Well, we had to go because of the classes being offered on the paranormal. I just walked away with a bigger souvenir than the classic swag bag.” 
I started from the beginning. How could I not? I told him about the scrying session, how Kathy Carter tricked me into taking the mirror, and how I had chanted the words which changed me. Cyrus was lurking in the shadows, leaning against the wall next to our table, and only nodded when I introduced him to Joey for what he really was. I told our poor camera man everything I knew, which admittedly, wasn’t much. When I finally fell silent, Joey whistled.
“That’s one hell of a hook, McRayne. You gonna use it?”
I laughed. I couldn’t help myself. With all the blood and death and screaming spirits, I had to find something amusing. Joey taking this so well? That was my something. “Yeah, I guess it is.”
I ignored his mention of the show. I had already made the promise to Apollo to use television to bring attention to him. I just had no idea how to do it yet.
“So this is it. You found the one thing to make yourself stand out from all the other paranormal gigs out there.”
“I don’t know, Joey.” Elliot grimaced. “I don’t want Eva to turn into a sideshow.”
“She won’t be.” Joey rubbed his hands together before taking another slice of pizza from the pan in between us. “You’ve already promised Connor you’d find a way to make the show stand out, right? This is how you do it. We won’t have to change much in the way of formatting, either. We go in, get the history. Then, bring out the fancy mirror. Let Eva talk to the spirits while we film the whole encounter in the dark. Hell, you gave me enough footage this afternoon to get started. We’ll call it Grave Messages. ”
“I hate to admit it, but I do like that title.” I took a sip of my water as I considered what he said. “This just might work. Cyrus is teaching me how to keep the voices quiet. And I’m working on how to shut the mirrors down before I can be attacked. We can cover the mirrors in our locations until we are ready to film the part where I contact them.”
Elliot pulled a notebook out of his jeans and gestured to me for a pen. I handed him the first one out of my purse. He began to write, jotting down the ideas now flying between the three of us about the show. This was a meeting that should have happened back in L.A. when the contracts were first signed. But the timing never seemed right. Now, we had ideas. We had formatting.
We had a show.
***
After our impromptu meeting, the four of us had gone back to the hotel to grab the equipment; packing it up in the back of the crew’s rented SUV. Elliot had pulled me aside once we finished, tugging me into a dark corner of the hotel lobby.
“Eva, are you sure about this?” Elliot was holding my hands between us, searching my face for any signs of doubt. “We can find some other way for this to work.”
“Eli, I’m sure.” I freed one hand to caress his cheek. “I believe this is going to work. I believe Cyrus will protect me if need be.”
“I will be there, too.” Elliot leaned into my touch. “Cyrus isn’t the only one who can help you.”
“I know you are.” I smiled as he tugged on the hand he still held to pull me into his embrace. “Just stay safe yourself, ok? I’ve seen Catherine twice now. She is extraordinarily strong.”
“Twice?” Elliot rested his chin on the top of my head. “I didn’t realize.”
“Yeah. She hit me up in the midst of my beauty routine this morning.” I closed my eyes, relishing in how good it felt to be held by him. “Besides, neither of us can get hurt. You never did take me out for coffee in New York, Eli. I’m holding you to your promise.”
His laughter ruffled my hair as he pulled away just enough to look down at me. “And you have been a really good sport about all this.”
“Exactly.” I hit his chest lightly. “So forget the cheap corner stuff. We’re talking Starbucks quality now, mister.”
Elliot’s only response was to close all distance between us. He kissed me; slow and sweet. I didn’t want this moment to end.
Too bad we were interrupted by the sound of someone clearing their throat. I turned to see Cyrus tapping his fingers against the hotel counter and Joey rolling his eyes as he headed to the door.
“We going or what?” Joey held the door open. “I didn’t lug all those cases down those stairs for nothing, you know.”
“Fine.” I muttered as Elliot returned his grip on my hand. “I guess we shouldn’t keep the others waiting.”
“Guess not. Those two might just go off and leave us here.”
“Do you really think they would?” 
“Don’t sound so hopeful.” Elliot smirked as we walked outside. He was right. The other two were already climbing inside the vehicle. “It’ll ruin your reputation as a good ghost hunter if people find out you don’t want to go into spooky old houses.”
“Ah, yes. My ghost hunting reputation. Whatever would I do without it?” I got in the front seat and buckled my seatbelt. “Whatever would I be?”
***
I was more than just a little disappointed to find the house still standing as we pulled into the driveway leading up to it. Wasn’t Kansas known for its wicked tornadoes? I was even more disappointed to find Joanna standing on the porch with her gloved hands crossed over the front of her skirt.
“What is she still doing here?” I turned to Joey whose eyes widen into the very picture of innocence as he shrugged.
“Don’t ask me. The setup crew told her to clear out before the sun went down.”
“Well, it’s not night yet.” I muttered as I pressed the button to release the seatbelt. “Maybe she is hoping for one more monologue on camera.”
“Oh, wonderful!” Joanna bounded down the front stairs with a dexterity I found surprising given the layer of skirts she was wearing. “You’re back.”
Elliot stepped out just as she came to a halt in front of the car. I didn’t miss the disappointment in her voice as the woman continued. “You’re all back.”
“Of course we are.” I slammed the car door as Joey began to unload our equipment. “We are supposed to start filming tonight, right?”
“Yes, well,” Joanna’s disappointment turned into a sickening sweetness. “I just thought, since you were hurt, Elliot here might need someone to stand in as co-host.”
“So you wanted to take my place.” I tilted my head in her direction as I turned towards Elliot. “I don’t think she realizes what we are here to do.”
“You are here to document my darling Catherine and Samuel.” Joanna’s eyes flashed. “I wanted to make sure the show was still going to happen despite your breakdown earlier.”
“Breakdown. How nice.” I had a sharp retort ready, but swallowed it down as I remembered the ironclad contracts and flight across the country. “Ok. Let’s start over, shall we? Ms. Whitaker, I am fine. I did not have a breakdown. I saw Catherine.”
“You saw her?” Joanna gasped, placing her hands over her heart. “Why didn’t you say so?”
“I am not going to say anything more. You will see our evidence when we are finished. I believe this was in your contract to Theia Productions which allows us to film here in the first place. Now if you will excuse us, we need to make sure this location is secure.”
I gestured for Cyrus to follow behind me as Joey took Ms. Whitaker by the arm to escort her to her own vehicle. When we got to the porch, I turned to him.
“Are you sure I can do this?” Even outside in the fading afternoon sunlight, the darkness of this place was starting to surround me. “Because I’m starting to think this was a very bad idea.”
“You can always leave.” Cyrus shrugged. “I will do what I can to explain to Apollo why you decided against being a part of this horrible television show. Perhaps you can attend conferences much like Ms. Carter did.”
“No,” I sighed as I watched Elliot and Joey. I decided to ignore what he said about conferences. I’d had enough of those for a lifetime. “Those two are depending on me. I won’t let them down but Cyrus, you have got to tell me how it is you are able to talk to Apollo someday. I am curious about it. Do you go somewhere sacred? Does the room shake when he speaks?”
Cyrus gave me his lopsided grin and waved his ever present cell phone in the air next to his head. “Text messages. The golden one loves human technology. He uses it every chance he gets.”
Well that explained why Cyrus was so attached to his smart phone. I chuckled and snatched it from him. “Let me see.”
“Actually,” Cyrus pulled out a flat phone much like his own, except this one was encased in a shiny gold case. “Apollo asked me to give you this.”
“A gift?” I took the phone with more than just a little hesitation. “Why?”
“So you won’t burn candles on his mirror anymore.” Cyrus smirked at my surprise. “Yeah, he told me all about your little spell back in New York.”
“You found out about that?” I grimaced. “Did I cross a line or something?”
“Or something. There are no rules saying you can’t contact him directly. In fact, Apollo found it amusing. Hence, the cell phone. He thinks you are quite the entertaining creature.”
Cyrus leaned over my shoulder, touching the sun symbol on the screen and a blank screen popped up. “Here. This is how you contact him.”
“So no more candles?”
“Pray, no. It took me two hours to scrub the wax from the glass. I do not wish to do that again anytime soon.”
I was so busy teasing my keeper I failed to notice the other two had finished moving all the cases inside. Elliot came over and wrapped his arm around my shoulder. “Ready?”
“Yeah.” I handed Cyrus back his own cell phone. “I want to see what you’ve been saying about me later.” 
I let Elliot lead me inside as I sent my first message on my new phone to Apollo, crossing the threshold as I hit send.
Protect us, Golden One. I believe we are all going to need it.

 The inside of the old farmhouse was quiet. It was almost peaceful. Elliot whistled as he stepped around the power cords running across the floors connecting large boom microphones to the walls. The tacky furniture remained, but it had been rearranged to give us some breathing room. I joined Joey next to the cases, pulling out the tape recorders we would need to pick up any audible noises made by Catherine or Samuel. We decided to use some of the more basic equipment to substantiate my communication with the spirits. Spirit boxes, digital recorders, motion sensors – all could be used to track the movements of the dead.
 “It feels like a thunderstorm is brewing in here.” Elliot joined us. “The energies in this room are amazing.”
“If you say so.” I checked the batteries of the recorder in my hand, making sure to tuck a few extra ones in my pocket just in case. I may not have been a paranormal expert, but I’d seen enough television to know spirits liked to drain battery sources. A few extra couldn’t hurt in case we were stuck upstairs. “I don’t feel anything.”
“Really?” Elliot took the recorder I handed him. “Joey, let’s get some dialogue on film before we turn the lights off.”
“Sounds good to me.” Joey stood and lifted his camera onto his shoulder. He focused it onto me. “Just act natural. Be normal.”
Natural? Normal? In a house known for its tragedy? Where I knew there was a really big mirror with a really angry spirit inside of it? 
Yeah, ok. 
I nodded then moved to stand by the staircase. We were going to improvise our lines when talking about the history of the house. It was decided I should be the one to start, since I was officially coming out to the public as the Sibyl. Elliot shifted around the sofa and stood behind Joey.
“Welcome to the very first episode of Grave Messages.” I didn’t know what to do with my hands, so I tucked them into my back pockets. “My name is Eva McRayne.  I am joined by Elliot Lancaster and Joey Lawson. Tonight we are showcasing the Tillotson farmhouse which is located in the heart of the middle of nowhere otherwise known as Black Hollow, Kansas.
I was sure Joanna was not going to be pleased that I refused to use the term ‘murder house’ on television. It sounded too cheesy. Thankfully, the guys had agreed with me. I locked eyes with Elliot as I continued. “The local papers documented the deaths of two people –Catherine and Samuel Tillotson- here at this very house during the blizzard of January 1876. Their bodies were found weeks later after the ice had thawed. Catherine was nothing more than a pile of bones while her husband had stabbed himself to death. Since then, there have been numerous reports of paranormal activity within these walls.”
“Cut.” Joey grinned as he flipped the camera up towards the ceiling. “I’ve always wanted to say that. Anyway, so far, so good. Let’s get Elliot in there.”
Elliot moved over to stand next to me, introducing himself to the camera much as I had. But where I had gone into a brief history of the house, he focused on the paranormal activity.
“Locals claim to see shadow figures walking through the rooms. Objects move around the rooms; sometimes thrown at unlucky visitors. Voices call out from the walls. In fact, we have had our own experience here earlier today.”
“Shall we?” I picked up the recorder I’d disregarded on the table next to the stairs. “We will start with the classic EVPs. Electronic voice phenomena. This will be our initial method for contacting the spirits. Then I will use my own gift, which will be featured later on during the show.”
Elliot took a second recorder and walked the length of the first floor. Joey was following behind, stopping to swing the camera back around to focus on the front room. He moved so quickly he almost knocked me over.
“What was that?”
“What?” I turned to see a shadow sweep across the room heading towards the stairs. I could see its outline against the windows. I beckoned for Joey to follow me as I approached the front. “Whose there?”
Strange noises began to fill the air around us; moans and creaks I would have caulked up to it being an old house. Elliot stood in the center of the room, firing off questions then pausing. 
“Who are you?”
“Is anyone there?”
“What’s your name?”
He stopped only to allow the spirits a chance to answer. I went to stand beside him as he rewound the tape. His voice came through loud and clear. There were no answers to the first two questions. Yet on the third, a thin whisper could be heard beneath the white noise.
“Sibyl. I’m waiting.”
“Oh, wow.” Elliot grinned like a kid at Christmas as he replayed the message. “As you can see, folks, none of us were talking or moving when this was captured.”
I wanted to be happy for him, but I was shaken. I found Cyrus in the shadows and he gestured down to the equipment cases. I knew what he was referring to. I had hidden the mirror in my duffle bag. He was saying I needed it. I shook my head.
I wasn’t ready to contact Catherine. And even if I was, I’m sure the large mirror upstairs would be a much better conduit for the communications. 
“Sibyl. Sibyl, come to me.”
I spun around to face the direction the voice was coming from. Joey had followed my lead, whistling as he spoke. “Did you hear that?”
“Yeah.” I swallowed. “Catherine wants us to come upstairs.”
“So let’s go.” Elliot had his recorder ready as he leaned to the side, attempting to look up the staircase. “Eva, you stay here.”
“Are you kidding me?” I was hit with an anger I couldn’t explain. “Do you think I can’t handle her? Do you really think I can’t face this thing?”
I don’t know where the anger came from, but it was as if someone had lined my vision with red. I cursed, snatching the recorder from Elliot’s hands and shoved him aside. “Get out of my way.”
“What the hell, Eva?” Elliot went to grab my arm but froze as the voice from above could be heard again.
“Sibyl, oh, Sibyl.” Catherine was singing the title I’d been given as sweetly as a lullaby. “Come. See me. I’ve got a message for you.”
I shoved past Elliot, bounding up the stairs two at a time. I didn’t stop running until I was in the bedroom. Catherine had fallen silent, yet I could feel her presence. I could feel the anger radiating from the mirror showcased in this wretched place. I wanted to be afraid, but I didn’t hesitate as I entered the room.
The door slammed closed behind me.
I paid no attention to it, or the sounds made by the others as they tried to get inside. “What do you want from me, Catherine? What is your message?”
Her image was just as terrifying now as it had been that afternoon. Yet she made no moves to harm me. Catherine Tillotson laughed as if delighted, caressing the line across her throat.
“My message is more of a request. A demand if you will.”
“Well what is it?” I stomped my foot in frustration. “I don’t have all day.”
“You are immortal, are you not? I am well versed in your history, creature. We all are.” Catherine’s dark eyes flashed. “What I want is simple enough. I wish for you to free me from this purgatory Samuel cast me into.”
“Samuel.” The second spirit who was supposed to haunt this place had yet to make an appearance. I didn’t see anyone else in the mirror, nor had we had any interaction with him since this whole thing started. “Where is Samuel, Catherine?”
“Down below.” She turned as if to see something in the darkness behind her. “So far down below.”
“Let me speak to him.”
“Samuel is gone. A hopeless cause.” Catherine returned her focus onto me. “Do come closer, Sibyl.”
“Yeah, I don’t think so.” I planted my feet in the carpet, crossing my arms over my chest. “I still have a mark where you cut me earlier. I am not going through that again.”
“It was a test. Nothing more. I had to make sure you were truly who I thought you were.”
I sighed, dropping my arms to my side. I was being hit with an exhaustion which caused my eyes to burn. “I am a messenger, Catherine. I will tell your story to the world. This is all I can offer you.”
“Ah, but you are very useful. More so than as a simple mouthpiece.” Catherine pressed her hands against the other side of the glass. “Please, come closer. I fear my strength is waning much like yours. I am losing my ability to speak.”
I moved, not realizing how she had drawn me in until I was almost touching the glass. “What happened the night of the murder? Is this your message?”
I was distracted only when the old door finally gave way. I turned at the sound of the crash to see Elliot, Joey, and Cyrus rushing into the room.
Their distraction proved to be my own damnation. Catherine shrieked as she reached through the glass, grabbing my arm to pull me through.
How can I describe what such an experience was like? I sent through the solid glass as if it were water. I didn’t go all the way through, thank god, since Cyrus was there. He had a hold on my waist, jerking me back. My keeper was yelling something, but I couldn’t hear him. The whispers which had assaulted me so much in the beginning surrounded me here. So much so that as Catherine grabbed my face, I couldn’t hear her words. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t breathe.
I couldn’t fight. Catherine’s memories began to flash behind my eyes and I knew. I could see the farmhouse as it had been before. The windows were white from the piles of snow that had drifted up around them. The blizzard had been worse than anything we’d read about in the historical reports. Snow had fallen for weeks, barricading the Tillotsons inside. I could see Catherine, her body weakened by the starvation which had set in when their food supplies had ran out two weeks before. She was lying in the bed, too weak to stand.
A man appeared in my vision, standing over her. Samuel Tillotson was staring at her. He had been waiting on her to die. She knew this just I did. But Catherine was too strong. She reached for her husband, pulling him to sit on the bed by her side. Samuel was as hungry as she was. But he was too stubborn to join her deathbed. His family had been pioneers. They learned to survive despite the death surrounding them when the first settlements had appeared in the mountains of Tennessee. She knew he would find a way to survive this. So when he pulled his knife free from the belt he wore it on, she wasn’t surprised. She was angry.
“What is this?” Catherine swallowed. “Are you planning on ending my suffering here? Tonight?”
“Yes.” Samuel grasped her hand. “And mine.”
These were the last words he ever spoke to her. Samuel Tillotson had slit her throat as easily as he had the remaining animals they had slaughtered weeks before. I watched as Catherine’s body went limp, her eyes staring out into nothing as her soul was released. Then, it was her turn to watch. Catherine’s spirit formed in the corner as her husband took her body, stripping it down and carrying it downstairs. He had lit a fire in their fireplace, hanging a single pot above the flames. She watched in horror as he worked, knowing all too well what her fate had become.
“Oh my god.” I wanted to throw up at the images assaulting my mind. “Oh my god.”
I felt myself falling backwards, collapsing onto the floor as Catherine’s hold tightened around me. She was coming out of the glass, her dark eyes gleaming as she chanted words I couldn’t understand.
“Release her.” Cyrus was there, shoving me away from the woman determined to keep her grip on me. I watched him jump in between me and the spirit. In his right hand, a transparent sword glowed with a golden light I’d never seen before.
“Where does he keep that thing? In his coat pocket?” Joey whistled as he inched forward to stand behind me. Elliot had knelt down, trying to pull me back as Cyrus thrust his weapon forward. Catherine shrieked when he found his target, her arm fading into the shadows.  She tried once more, lunging towards me as Cyrus did his best to keep her back.
 “Eva, the door. Do it now!”
The door. My door. My protection against the hell filling my mind. I stared at the woman still struggling to free herself from the glass. “Apollo, give me strength.”
The wooden door I had created only a few days before formed next to my own reflection. I stood up, shoving my arms outward as if to slam it close. The glass shifted, rippling as the door moved when I did. Catherine screamed as the weight of the wood shoved her back into the mirror. I rushed forward, pressing my palms against the glass as I formed the chains and said the first words which appeared in my mind.
“By Apollo’s light, leave this realm never to return.”
The door in the mirror glowed as the screams coming from the other side fell silent. I didn’t move until the door faded beneath my hands. I took two steps before stumbling into Elliot’s arms with a sob.
“She’s gone, Elliot. It’s over. She is gone.”
***
 “The mystery behind what occurred in the Tillotson household was one of desperation. Samuel Tillotson killed his wife in order to survive. I believe he killed himself in the weeks that followed not out of guilt, but because he didn’t have any other choice. Catherine’s spirit drove him mad.”
I leaned back in the plush theatre seat, staring at my lap so I didn’t have to face my image on the screen. I had been sitting on the porch steps, Elliot beside me, as we talked about what happened during filming. 
Now, three weeks later, we were screening the first episode with a small group of handpicked staffers to gauge their reactions. If they didn’t like it, we would have to go back to work, cutting or adding scenes we had taken out. Joseph Lancaster was famous for the quality of his television shows. Ours was no different. 
My voice on screen melded into the music Elliot had chosen for the ending credits. He decided to have text close out the show which detailed the aftermath of our investigation. These last three lines talked about Joanna’s shock in finding out just how wrong Catherine’s legend had been. They also said that all paranormal activity had ceased since our visit there.
This much was true. Joanna had been furious when we called for a follow up interview last week. She screamed at Elliot for chasing Catherine away. There hadn’t been a single footstep since we left. I knew why. Catherine’s soul had been banished to the depths of Hell thanks to my little chant. Then she screamed at me for making up lies about her ancestor murdering his wife just to eat her. 
I wish it had been a lie. My encounter with Catherine’s memories had given me enough nightmares to last a lifetime.
The film ended and there was silence as the lights came on. Elliot took my hand, squeezing it as we waited. We didn’t have to wait for long. The applause breaking the silence was the first thing to tell us we had a hit.
Connor was the second. He stood up from his seat on the front row, gesturing for the three of us to stand.
“Eva, Elliot, and Joey, everyone!” He raised a flask in our direction. “Congratulations on Grave Messages.”
Elliot pulled me to the front, turning and addressing the small group. He answered all the questions he could, but unfortunately, the focus was on me. Questions were thrown at me like knives. 
“Have you always been able to talk to the dead?” A fat woman decked out in diamonds called out from the back row. “Were you born with this gift?”
“What was it like to go through the mirror?” This one came from a man who could have stepped out of an issue of Hipster’s Quarterly. “What can you tell us about the afterlife?”
I answered what I could before turning to Elliot for an escape. He picked up on my distress immediately. 
“Thank you all for coming out tonight. Connor has all the information you will need about the show. Thank you again.”
The questions continued until we were out of the room. Only then did Joseph Lancaster step forward, extending his hand out to his son.
“Congratulations, Elliot. Eva.”
“Thanks, Dad.” Elliot shifted in place as he shook Joseph’s hand. “We appreciate it.”
“Kathy was right about you, Eva.” Joseph smiled as he released Elliot’s hand and clasped my own. “She said you would be strong enough for her line of work. I was not disappointed.”
“Wait,” I tightened my grip on Joseph’s hand. “Kathy, as in Kathy Carter?”
“Yes. She was,” Joseph paused for a moment before he continued. “She was an old friend.”
“I don’t understand.” I thought back to New York and the session which changed me. “She picked me out of a crowd after I had disrupted her presentation. How could she have talked to you about me?”
“Kathy saw you here through her mirror. She had hoped her visions were true.” Joseph released my hands. “They were. It all worked out for the best, don’t you see? You have your hit show. Kathy was able to go to her death.”
I was too stunned to be angry. I had been set up. Joseph bid us his farewells and disappeared back into the screening room. I turned on Elliot like an angry cat.
“Did you know about this?” I was so mad I could have spit. I think I did just a little. “Were you in on setting me up, too?”
“Eva, whoa.” Elliot stepped back, his hands up in the air. “Of course not! How could you even think such a thing?”
“You were the one who wanted to go to that stupid conference. You were the one who picked out that particular session and, might I add, the front row seat. Did you know her, too?”
“I’d heard of Kathy Carter.” Elliot’s eyes narrowed as he crossed his arms over his chest. “But I care about you, Eva. Give me some credit. Dad’s right about one thing though. Things did turn out pretty well for you. After all, without the mirror, you wouldn’t have your precious Cyrus by your side.”
“What does he have to do with anything?” I mirrored Elliot’s position as I glared at him. “Cyrus is a friend, Elliot.”
“A friend you happen to get cozy with in Kansas.” Elliot’s eyes flashed with his own anger. “Don’t deny it. I just happen to come downstairs when I didn’t find you in your room.  As I recall, you two were drinking away and snuggling up pretty close on the couch.”
“So you don’t trust me.” I dropped my arms and shook my head. “I thought you would be the last person to doubt me. This was a mistake, Elliot.”
“Mistake.” Elliot stuffed his hands in his pockets as he nodded. “Us or the show?”
“All of it.” 
I felt the anger leaving me as I willed for him to tell me how wrong I was. I wanted him to sweep me up in his arms, kiss me, and never let me go. But he was just as stubborn as I was. Elliot’s face became unreadable as he studied me.  
“We signed the contracts, so we are stuck with each other for another year. I will do my best to stay out of your way at home until I can find a new place to live.”
My heart broke as I realized what he was saying. Our short lived romance was over. Our friendship, which had meant more to me than life itself, was over. I felt my tears burning in the corners of my eyes, but I willed them no to fall.
It was the hardest thing I’d ever done.
“Come on, Eva. Let’s go.” Cyrus appeared to take my arm. “There is nothing more to be done here.”
“He’s right.” Elliot was still studying me. “Go home. Get some rest. I’ll see you at work on Monday.”
“Elliot, wait.”
“No.” Elliot waved behind him as he went back towards the room we had just left. “There is nothing more we need to say.”
I didn’t have the strength to follow him. I held back my tears until I had sank down into seat of a cab which pulled up out of nowhere.  Cyrus shut my door for me and joined me moments later.
“Hush, Little One. Things will right themselves. Just give it some time.”
I lowered my face into my hands, crying harder. Cyrus was still for only a moment before he wrapped his arm around my shoulder to pull me against him. Cyrus was my rock. He was here for me.
Cyrus had no choice. He had to stay by my side whether he wanted to be or not.
“Do you wish to talk about it?” Cyrus shifted beneath me, then handed me the silver flask. “Drink some whiskey. It will calm your nerves.”
I shook my head, not ready drown my sorrows yet. Instead, I pulled out the golden cell phone he had given me. I hadn’t used it since the night we filmed in Kansas. I turned it on, unlocking the screen and pressing the icon to pull up the text screen I needed. I started typing, stopping only to wipe the tears away when they began to blur my vision. I needed to get my mind off of Elliot, even if it were only for few minutes. I turned my focus towards Apollo.
Were you pleased? Was the show everything you expected?
I hit send and waited. After all, who would expect a god to respond? How long would it take? Turns out, Apollo was quicker than I could have imagined. I had barely lowered the phone into my lap when it vibrated in my hand. He responded with a single line filled with a promise of my future as his Sibyl.
You did well, child. I am sure I will be hearing from you soon. 

** End **



If you liked The Sibyl be sure to check out book 2 in The Oracle Series: The Fanatic! 

********************************

THE FANATIC:

We will not be forgotten.

Allison Thomason had it all. Fame. Fans. A television show she loved like no other. Until Eva McRayne came along to push her out of the job she was born to do and into obscurity. Determined to see her downfall avenged, Allison calls upon an ancient evil to help her destroy her enemy who understands all too well how easy it is to be pushed aside. 

But what cost will Allison pay to see her vengeance put into motion?



*******PREVIEW OF THE FANATIC*******

Prologue
Allison Thomason
 
We are all looking for someone to save us. Fairy tales promised us white knights on gleaming horses who would ride in, slay the monsters, and sweep us away to our happily ever after. But nobody ever told me what would happen if the white knight didn't show up. There were no fairy tales that talked about what happened to the princess once her demons took over.
But I know. My demons attacked months ago. They stole my life from me. My passion. They had fought along side my enemy, so I learned real quick to rely on the one hero who had been here all along. The one person I'd always been afraid to believe in. 
Myself. 
I was going to create my own happily ever after. Knights and demons be damned.
I lit the final candle before I stepped back to inspect my deathbed. I had set everything up in the center of my living room. Three red candles flickered on the headboard. Two black ones gleamed at the foot. The sheets had been soaked with as much kerosene as I could legally buy here in Los Angeles. Perhaps it was the fumes affecting me. Or maybe the whispers about me had been correct.  Maybe I really had gone over the proverbial edge, but I smiled. 
Within the hour, all of my problems would disappear. If my work here was successful, the one person responsible for my life falling apart would be damned along with me.
I wanted to die. I wasn’t afraid. I knew too much about the afterlife to be afraid. When I was little, my momma tried to replace my obsession with the grandeur of heaven. If only I would give my soul to Jesus, then I would be alright. Instead, I shunned her religion. I had spent my life trying to discover all I could about what lay on the other side of the Veil. Death became my business. Spirits were my passion. I’d been obsessed with the grave for as long as I could remember. 
Besides, Heaven wasn’t meant for the likes of me. I was going to hell.
And I was going to make damn sure my enemy joined me there.
No, I wasn’t alright. I never would be again.  My work - my very purpose here on Earth - had been stolen from me. No longer would the world learn about the afterlife in a sensible way. No longer would science and reason be used as a weapon against our ignorance towards death. There was nothing else I could do. I had fought to keep my work in the limelight. I begged for them not to take my audience away from me. They said my time had run out. My work had faltered. And the world I tried to teach had rejected me. 
Yes, tonight was my night. I had been preparing for this moment since I had been fired three months earlier. See, I had been one of the lucky ones. I was once a presenter on the highest rated show on television. I traveled the world, studying the paranormal with a passion unmatched by anyone else. I had money. Fame. Fans.
Until the ratings started to fall. I glared at the photographs scattered among past due notices and the eviction letter received just this afternoon on the floor around my bed. Once again, I muttered curses at the face staring back up at me. I had been replaced by a stupid girl who claimed to have abilities no one could actually possess. Eva McRayne's Grave Messages hit the airwaves and shoved me out of the job which had been my calling. Now my show was nothing more than a DVD box set. All of my hard work forgotten thanks to a blonde idiot who would prance around, call out to Apollo, and then pretend to pass on the last words of the dead.
I hated her. I hated everything about her. 
It was true that Grave Messages hadn't been her idea. In the interviews I had seen, she would laugh at the idea of being on television. McRayne would give the credit to her co-host, Elliot Lancaster, but he was nothing. He was worthless. 
Nothing more than a stand in. A male presence to protect his girlfriend from the boogiemen they searched for.
I had studied the tabloids which carried the pictures of them together. There were headlines boasting the two of them were still in love despite breaking up within a month of filming their show. It was unprofessional and sickening. The knowledge I had gained from those articles amounted to nothing. They were fluff pieces. Empty words meant to connect the common man to the celebrities he adored.
Eva McRayne should never have been a star. She should have stayed in Georgia where she belonged. Hidden away in somebody's attic like the circus freak she was. Instead, she was out in the limelight, dancing to appease her adoring public. 
No, my adoring public. The one she stole from me.
See, McRayne and Lancaster had met at the University of Georgia some five years before. When Lancaster had graduated, his daddy gave him a television show and of course, the blonde tagged along after him. The facts got hazy from there. McRayne's bio online said she had been forced into her role as the Sibyl during a conference. It was a good story, but I had once been a headliner for those events. Her lies didn't fool me.
 No one in their right mind with any sort of power would give it all up to a stranger. Not when there was money to be made. Why give up your livelihood to a stranger who didn't appreciate it? No, her story didn't make any sense. She was the lie. She was the fraud.
But I wasn't. And I would make damned sure she knew it. 
I watched as the shadows cast across the floor by the street lamps outside shift and knew it was time. I suppose I should have been more sentimental. Someone with more sense than me would have taken one last look at the world they were leaving behind.  I tried to think of my mother. I wanted to shed a tear or two over what might have been if Eva McRayne had never surfaced. It was far too late for such thoughts. 
I was ready. More than ready. I picked up one of the photographs and clutched it to my chest as I laid down.
The kerosene fumes were overwhelming. I coughed, relishing in the lightheadedness I felt. 
"Erinyes of old, Blessed Judges of Fate," I called out to my empty apartment between gasps of breath. "Athena's own mistresses of justice, come to me. Take my spirit as your own. Take my soul as payment for the deed you will do for me."
I felt the air growing colder despite the flames I had surrounded myself with. I wiped away the tears from my eyes as I continued.
"I seek justice. I crave vengeance against the one who stole my life away from me." 
The flames above me flared. I wondered if I would be able to finish the spell before I was consumed by the fires I had set. So I closed my eyes to the fumes and focused on the darkness in my heart. I held up the picture as I hurried to continue.
"Eva McRayne, Sibyl to Apollo will fall. She, and she alone, is responsible for stealing my audience. Before she came along, I was cherished. Now, I am forgotten just as you have been. Unknown to her and a world that craves knowledge of the afterlife. No longer. After tonight, Eva McRayne will know who I am. She will suffer for the crimes she committed against me. Great Erinyes, aid me. Give me the vengeance I seek."
The bed began to shake as I touched a single corner of the photograph to the tip of the candle flame. It ignited with a flash. I screamed as the flames traveled downward to the sheets I had prepared. I had only a moment left; a single breath to curse the bitch who caused my downfall.
"Eva McRayne will suffer."

** End Of Preview **


Don't Forget to Grab your copy of The Fanatic at all major ebook retailers!


About the Author

Cynthia D. Witherspoon is an award winning writer of Southern Gothic, Paranormal Romance, and Urban Fantasy. She currently resides in South Carolina, but spent three years in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Always an avid reader, she began writing short stories in college. She graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in History from Converse College, and earned a Masters in Forensic Science at Oklahoma State University Center for Health Sciences.










    
 


 

















