Copyright © 2013, Crystal Lynn Hilbert.
Published by Crystal Lynn Hilbert at Smashwords
ISBN 9781311403650
This story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living, dead, or otherwise is purely coincidental.
Cover art © 2014, Crystal Lynn Hilbert.
The font used on the cover design is Odin’s Spear by Bolt Cutter Design

The hot dogs on Sixth called to him, beckoning like… like juicy, delicious things that beckoned. So it figured there’d be a crazy guy pacing the street in front of the vendor.
And alright, Conrad knew full well that Sixth Ave. moonlighted as a crazy magnet, but this guy was something else. For one thing, he stuck out like a sore thumb. The guy’s clothes looked like a patchwork conglomeration of pockets stolen from the eighties—eighteen and nineteen. He had on a pair of enormous combat boots, his arms didn’t look like they fit right in their sockets, and his hair defied gravity.
But the weirdest thing about him? Somehow, he wasn’t weird.
Keeping a steady eye on the guy, Conrad made his way over to the hot dog cart. The crazy didn’t notice him, just kept on muttering something about gods—and no, that was pretty much standard weirdo crazy talk right there. Nothing at all to worry about.
Except people milled and wandered past the guy without even looking, like he just… wasn’t. Not even wasn’t weird, come to think of it—just plain wasn’t. Wasn’t there, wasn’t pacing, wasn’t muttering about Mason jars, patting his pockets—and when he didn’t find what he wanted, patting everyone else’s. Putting up with that went so far beyond I Can’t See Homeless People it got off the Greyhound on the whole other side of Crazy Town.
Weird. Conrad shrugged. Another Tuesday in Pittsburgh.
And then, somewhere down the street, a dog started barking loud enough to shatter eardrums.
Conrad squinted between the cars and idling busses, looking for the monster about to shatter his eardrums. It had to be enormous—we’re talking elephant sized—because across the street, the glass in the theater’s doors actually rattled with every bark.
But everybody else… On the street around him, everybody else just stood around, eating their hot dogs and tapping at cellphones, and Conrad started to worry. Nobody else heard it.
Just him.
Just him, on a street corner, hallucinating crazy men and dogs barking like a bridge collapse. Which, not so good. Probably. It wasn’t close enough to finals for his biannual nervous breakdown.
Maybe they were filming another movie across the river or something.
Nothing to worry about. Certainly not his problem.
Conrad pulled a crumpled five from his pocket and tried to pretend he didn’t see the crazy guy. Just focus on the hot dog, he told himself. He was not getting involved. Conrad was not going to get involved because he did not want to know. He just wanted to get a hot dog with cheese. And he opened his mouth to tell the vendor that, but the crazy spun around from where he’d been rifling through a woman’s diaper bag and shouted, “Hey, kid!”
Obviously, the crazy man was speaking to someone else, as Conrad had just turned twenty-one last month, forever disqualifying himself as kid.
“One, please,” he said, holding out the sad-looking five. “With cheese, thanks.”
But hey, this ignoring thing just kept on trucking, took the corner at A Little Far, and barreled off into the sunset. The vendor didn’t even look at him. This guy ran a dinky little hot dog cart down Sixth Avenue—did he have rent to pay or what? But no, the vendor stared right through him, watching the cars on the street. Conrad stared back, mostly to ignore the creeper headed straight toward him now—and, wow, okay, personal space!
Conrad reeled back, trying to put distance between himself and the creeper suddenly two inches away from his face. Except somewhere between trying to get away and actually getting away, the guy’s hand lashed out and grabbed him by the chin.
The guy squinted, tilting Conrad’s head back and forth like he might find made in China. “Yeah,” he said at last. “Yeah, you’re one of mine.”
Protesting with admirable coherency, Conrad shoved the guy’s hand off and jolted backward, right into the vendor’s cart. The stand tipped backward, wobbling on two wheels and unseating a stack of buns onto the sidewalk before righting itself again. Conrad grimaced, watching the vendor’s face, already mourning his impending lifetime hot dog ban.
Only, no one noticed. Not the people, not the vendor—not even the pigeons spotted the fallen buns.
And alright. Okay. The crazy trap had Conrad, too. They’d find him fossilized in crazy a million years from now—would dig up his calcified corpse and name a whole new kind of lunatic after him—but he couldn’t help gaping at the crazy guy and asking, “What did you do?”
The creeper smirked, opened his mouth, and all at once that god-awful dog started up again.
Conrad swore, wincing. Under his sneakers, he could feel the sidewalk vibrating. Some movie, he thought. You’d figure they’d get a noise violation or something. And yeah, the noise was bad, but the crazy creeper took the bark like a hot wire to the spine, leaping back. He glanced up and down the street like a hellhound might pop around the corner at any minute, and he darted backward into the shadow of an outcropping building.
“C’mere a minute,” he said, jerking his head toward the mouth of an alley.
And oh. Yeah. Go into a questionable back alley with a crazy guy wearing nothing but pockets and grease? Of course. Conrad did that all the time. He’d managed to survive until adulthood doing exactly that.
“No, no thanks, dude. I’ll pass.”
The creeper heaved a put-upon sigh and ran his fingers through his hair. And wow, okay, apparently Conrad did not live in Happy Reality Land anymore, because the guy ran a hand through his hair, and it changed colors.
It hadn’t been red before. Conrad has seen him—he’d got a good look while playing Frogger on the sidewalk trying to miss the guy—and his hair had been black. You didn’t mess around with black. Black didn’t look purple or green or some other weirdo color in the wrong light—it looked black. His hair had been black.
Only now, it sat nice on his head, no grease, and pretty obviously red, with a bit of blue for flavor.
Alright. So. A super questionable street magician who wanted him to c’mere a minute into an alley with a bunch of people wandering around who would still ignore him even if he started bleeding into their relish?
Seemed like an even better idea this time around.
“Okay, you know what?” the creeper said, really disturbingly cheerful about it. “This thing you’re doing? I don’t have time for it.”
Conrad glared, meaning to ask him if he wanted a hot dog or what. What would it possibly take to make him go away? But suddenly the guy darted out from the shadows, laid a hand on his shoulder, and dragged Conrad off like he didn’t even get a say in the matter.
“What are you—” he spluttered and tried to stop walking, but he couldn’t.
He couldn’t.
Conrad could feel his legs—they were still there, doing the bending and the moving and the making with the forward motion—but he couldn’t stop. They weren’t his legs anymore. The hand on his shoulder seared him down to the bone, forcing him on, and it wasn’t until he was right in the thick of the alley that he managed to find his legs again and force himself around.
Conrad spun and headed toward the street, meaning to run like hell out of there.
Except, holy shit—no, never mind.
Outside, nothing moved.
One woman held a lighter half-lit to the cigarette in her mouth. A man in a suit hung halfway over the sidewalk, one leg in the air. The cars stood frozen where they were, lights on, engines silent, the nearest driver with mouth stuck mid-word, and suddenly Conrad found himself pretty damn sure this was not a performance piece.
The crazy sighed. “Great, a tourist. Quit your gawking, kid. I just need a minute.”
But of course, because this day could get no stranger, the dog kept barking. Even louder now without the background noise. Or maybe it was closer. Judging by the way the weirdo’s face went white, either way was a Very Bad Thing.
“No time for pleasantries then,” the crazy muttered. And then, “Look, could you stop debating my existence a minute and help a guy out?”
Conrad stared at him. “I am not sure how to tell you this, dude, but you are scary as shit and that is not the way to start asking for favors.”
The man smiled. “When you get to be my age, it is,” he said, and he was, what? Like thirty-something? Conrad didn’t buy it. It must have read on his face because the guy grinned. “You really don’t know me? Don’t even want to wager a guess?”
“While I am sure you are the Queen of Sheba, no. No, I really do not.” Talking without thinking. Probably the worst possible time for the social filter to give out. Just the same, Conrad added, “You are a crazy asshole and I am leaving.”
Except, still, no. No, he really wasn’t.
Conrad watched in horror as the creeper’s skin rippled and shifted, spinning up and out until he had to crane his neck just to get an eyeful of bicep, muscles corded in a way that spoke of functionality and fighting and woad tattoos on every inch of his body. And yeah, Conrad really wasn’t up to date on the latest geekery, but he was pretty sure those were runes, and they were glowing, and you did not take those to ComicCon.
The guy grinned at him, laughing—and oh god was he screwed, because Conrad knew a little about a lot, and one look at those scars on his mouth? Probably came from being sewn shut. And sewn lips and runes meant he’d stumbled right into a goddamned fairy tale where Loki was not only real, but terrifying as hell and oh…
Oh fuck.
The Norse pretty-much-a-god of chaos wanted a favor.
“Alright,” Conrad said, being pretty sure that was what you said to leave an encounter with a kind-of-god, limbs intact. “What’s going on?”
Loki shrugged and shrank back down into the diluted, less worrying version of himself. “They’ve set the hounds on me again.”
“The hounds?” Conrad tried not to stare. “So that barking…?”
“That would be Garm.” He grinned, but Conrad caught the minnow-quick flicker of his eyes toward the street. “We’ll be great, kid. Don’t worry. It’s not like they’ve got Fenris. We’ll be fine.”
“We?” he squeaked, and he could not even mourn the loss of his masculinity because apparently not wanting to die meant he’d become a part of whatever the hell this was.
Conrad gave his first very stupid question a second try. “What did you do?”
Loki laughed. Well, sniggered would probably be a better word for it, and he didn’t look very human when he did it. Which, alright, Conrad expected, but the sound rattled him worse than the dog.
Leaning back against the wall, Loki pulled a pack of cigarettes from… somewhere about his person and said, “So how do you feel about being my chosen one?”
Obvious deflection was really, really obvious. But alright, if this guy felt like deflecting, then Conrad didn’t want to know. Because Loki looked like he’d cheerfully discuss plague boils on puppies—and Conrad wasn’t exactly up to date with his ancient Norse mythology either, but wasn’t this the guy who had a half-rotten queen of the dead, a dragon, and an insane wolf for kids? Yeah. If he wasn’t going to talk about it, Conrad felt just fine looking the other way.
“Chosen one?” he asked, and movies always make it sound like a good thing, but in real life, it did not have nearly the same ring as free hot dogs on Sixth. “What do you mean chosen one?”
“What do you think I mean? I mean a chosen one. Useful, somewhat expendable, celestial messenger type.”
Conrad gaped at him. “I can’t be a—I mean, can you even do that?”
“I’m a god,” Loki sniggered again and, no, still not comforting, only now they were talking about him, which made it much, much worse. “Enough of a god, anyway, and I’m choosing you.”
“Why,” he demanded. “For what?”
“Nothing,” and then, at his incredulous look, “Really, hardly anything at all. Simple. You don’t have to do a thing.”
“No,” Conrad said. “No. Just no. Just a big old capital N-O, right there, buddy. I don’t know what the hell you did, but whatever the hell you’ll do to me has got to be better than what whoever’s chasing you will do to me, because judging by that dog they’ve got, they want you bad, and not in the good way.”
Loki smiled, wheedling. “All you have to do is keep something for me. Simplest thing in the world.”
“So Nordic Vinnie and Guido can show up at my apartment to conversate about their dilemma with every bone in my body? No. You’re out of your mind.”
“Quite possibly, yes.”
He lit a cigarette with the tip of his thumb and Conrad wasn’t put off by the magic trick with the cigarette. No. Not at all. Because actually, he was pretty sure he could see people in the cigarette smoke, and that packaging definitely said something like Lost Souls.
Conrad resisted the urge to hyperventilate. Obviously, he told himself, he’d decided to become a hallucinating heroin addict yesterday and hadn’t thought to write himself a helpful morning reminder before he went to bed. So he’d just back away from the lunatic, run like hell into the real world, and hope to God—gods?—that the big-ass dog intercepted this freak before he had time to turn his bones to ash.
“I am going now,” Conrad announced, not shaking, because he was twenty-one, thanks very much, though possibly a bit scared shitless. “I am going to buy a hot dog, write this off as roofies in said hot dog, and never speak of it to anyone, ever.”
Eyes on the street, Conrad turned and walked headfirst into an invisible brick wall. He smashed his nose right into it, staggered backward, one cheek raw and slightly bleeding. Behind him, Loki pushed away from the wall and sidled closer, around him, blocking the mouth of the alley.
And alright, Conrad would admit to shaking now. This guy terrified him. He didn’t even move like humans moved. For one thing, his knees looked like they might bend both ways. His eyes glinted like a wolf’s in the afternoon light. And when he smiled, Conrad shoved himself back up against the nearest visible wall as far as he could go in a useless attempt at escape.
Loki grinned. “Sounds fine to me.”
That viper hand flashed out from the pocket of his coat, pressing something glowing into his forehead—and it hurt. It seared, throbbing, stabbing pain, and then something wriggled through his skin, a dry British voice in his head murmuring, “Not exactly what I had in mind at all, Trickster.”
And fuck, this wasn’t exactly what he had in mind either, but it could just go ahead and get the hell out of him right now—no vacancy, occupancy limit one, fire hazard, here be dragons.
But then, all of a sudden, the searing, wriggling, talking pain stopped. Conrad stood barely propped against the wall, shaking in his own skin with little more than a mild headache and somewhere out there, the dog kept barking, louder than a goddamned fire engine—and what the hell was going on?
Loki gave him an affectionate pat on the cheek and stepped back, head cocked toward the baying.
“Shit,” he declared succinctly. “Gotta go.”
“Look, jackass,” Conrad started and staggered toward him. But the creeper just wiggled his fingers at Conrad and—and batted his eyelashes, the bastard—before disappearing.
Poof. Gone.
Conrad turned gingerly, looking down each side of the alley. One way led back to a mostly dead end, blocked by dumpsters and filthy sleeping bags. The other way led out into the world where people meandered past, giving him weird looks.
Just like every other day, he ventured down the street, he told himself. Nothing wrong with the world. And the weird looks were probably just because of his neon green dinosaurs do it from the past T-shirt—only thing he had clean, okay? He just wanted a hot dog, not like he was going out on a date, not that he had dates because of weird shit exactly like this—and flip-flops that, alright, admittedly did not match.
Everything was good. Situation normal. Totally regular day. Nothing to see here, folks, carry on staring. A Norse… semi-god had not popped up out of nowhere muttering to himself. No one had shoved anything glowing and disdainfully British into his skull. That had not just happened. That did not happen to sane, normal type people, and as he was a cardholding member of Sane and Normal, it most certainly had not just happened to him.
Just to be sure, Conrad ventured a timid, “Hello?”
The hot dog vendor gave him the eye.
Right.
Tuesday in Pittsburgh.

*   *   *

Four days after what Conrad was not calling the Incident because it had not happened, he returned to his apartment with a basket full of wet things, dripping down the entire hallway because he, apparently, had not passed third grade and could not count quarters. To make matters worse, he was still wearing his neon green dinosaurs do it from the past and plaid shorts that had not seen a laundry basket in a week, let alone an actual machine, and Laundry Girl had chosen this day, of all days, to show up.
Laundry Girl, who had once mentioned Hitchhiker’s Guide in casual conversation, who read comics during spin cycles—a shining beacon of perfection in every way he could ask for, who probably already thought Conrad was a weird, pathetic nuisance. So of course, there Conrad stood, brain dead and smelling vaguely like a chili cheese dog, three washers running on high because it was faster and, oh yeah, driers, remember. Except the change machine didn’t work anymore since that asshole with the weird screwdriver, and no one in a Wash King on this side of town would ever have change for a ten.
He was brilliant. Smooth like a gravel driveway.
Conrad kicked his front door open, because security? Yeah. Great on this side of town. But seeing as how he only had a toaster that regularly caught on fire, a TV even his grandmother scoffed at, and a wet basket of clothes, doors that locked weren’t an especially big priority.
Kicking the door shut behind him, Conrad stormed into the bathroom. After a cursory glance to make sure the bathtub was inhabitant free, he dumped his clothes inside and grabbed the can of Raid from the sink.
Without looking, Conrad sprayed a little on the wall. He’d lived here almost two years now and he knew better than to look. There were things in that wall that looked back.
Setting the can down in the middle of the cracked tiles where the little bastards could see it, Conrad backed out of the bathroom and grabbed a spool of twine off the top of the TV. Like an old maid, he wound around the apartment, tying string between any two places that could hold it.
He ran a cord from his rickety freezer door to the plastic picture hook that was supposed to come off the wall without a mark, but certainly wouldn’t now with all the duct tape he’d used to keep the wall from crumbling. He draped string from the door knob to the superfluous window bars, from the ever complaining ceiling fan to where ever he could find a place for string, and after a quick jaunt to the bathroom, draped his entire wardrobe over the lines.
Because of course he ran out of quarters on the day he’d dirtied everything he owned.
But then, apparently the universe still had something against him. Just as Conrad hung up the neon pink dragons do it from the future match to his current ensemble, someone knocked at the door.
No. Fine, whatever. It didn’t matter. Anyway, it was probably just the landlady come to ask for the tenth time, “the rent was on time this month—did you finally get a real job or just kill a drug dealer?”
Conrad crouched under the dripping laundry, trying not to be dripped on and, actually, he had a job, thanks very much, Hag Face. But he also had this thing called class half the year. Grumbling, Conrad made his way around the laundry, opened the door, and stopped dead.
The doorknob slipped from his hand, the clothes on that particular string hitting the I don’t even want to know what happened there carpet with a squelchy smack.
Laundry Girl smiled back at him from outside, like this kind of thing happened all the time and she was… oh god, she was wearing one of those summer dresses with cherries on it that matched her hair, holding a basket of things—his things—and they were dry and folded and, oh god, he didn’t have a ring, but could he maybe propose to this woman with a flammable toaster?
“Hi…” Conrad managed and he sounded like… like something that didn’t sound very good. But she—she smiled, and that was a good sign, right? Girl smiles were good signs? Unless they were bad signs. Because it could be a bad sign, and—
“You left these,” she said and held up her basket. It had Hello Kitty stickers on it, which, hey, he could finally maybe see the allure in that weird little cartoon. “You looked like you were having a pretty bad day, so I finished the load for you.”
Conrad blinked at her, absorbing the very white and Hello Kitty bedecked basket into his arms like an incredibly precious treasure.
“Thanks. Wow. It’s Lily, isn’t it? Really, this is awesome, thanks. You didn’t have to–not that I think it was bad that you did. Now Hairy Larry won’t go prowling through my things again, I think he stole a T-shirt of mine one time. It was really great of you to… Do you want to come in? You don’t because I’ve got…” he leaned back to let her see the room, flailing aimlessly at the mass of string and dripping clothing as he trailed off and, hey, guess what, apparently English was his third language all of a sudden, and numbers one and two included the ever romantic classics of Gibber and Dork.
“But it’d be great if you did,” he finished lamely. “Want to. I mean.”
She laughed. At him, and wow, awesome, she thought he was funny, which made this whole washing debacle totally worth it.
“I’d love to,” she said and, wait, what—since when were girls attracted to him ever? But she was, apparently, because she walked inside—inside his apartment, stepping over and under the crazy bird-lady washing lines like she found them in all her swanky, theater friends’ bachelor pads.
“How did you, uh… find me, anyway?” he asked and nudged the door shut with a hip, very carefully taking the clothes she’d actually folded, who did that? from the basket and stacking them on couch where, as soon as she left, they would be given a place of honor in the room and labeled art.
Lily shrugged. “I followed the trail of dripping laundry and broken dreams,” she said, smiling, front teeth just a tiny bit crooked, which, adorable—and wait, oh god, he had to be clever now.
“Yeah, that’s pretty much how everyone finds me,” he said and it was stupid, but hey, her smile made him kind of stupid. “I’d make a pretty lousy spy that way.”
“I don’t know. No one would ever suspect. I mean, maybe they’d just think you had a lot of laundry when really, we both know this is all a highly coded map of Russia’s nuclear facilities.”
Conrad laughed, and she giggled, and he was probably grinning like an idiot, but, yeah, Wash King? The one with the driers that ate socks and Hairy Larry, who was only the manager but acted like he was the Wash King and poked through everybody’s everything the minute they turned away to go have a goddamned hot dog—and okay, no thinking about what happened with hot dogs anymore—but the place ranked a solid A+ in his book now.
“So… hey,” Conrad started, red up to his ears and not at all good at this, as evidenced by his few romances, which made up for quantity by each failing in new and spectacular ways. “I keep seeing you around. And you’re pretty awesome, so I’d uh… like to keep seeing you around? Do you want to…?”
“Yes,” she answered, straight off, didn’t even have to stop and think about it.
And before Conrad could stop grinning and think of something clever to say, someone knocked on his door with all the subtlety of an earthquake—like it was urgent or something—and as the building was not on fire, they were about to have a big, fat problem.
Only later. Because Lily was blushing and smiling and freckles…
“That’s great,” he blurted. “I’ve been kind of stressing out about asking…”
“Me too. I don’t know, I mean I think there are rules to these things. But I saw your laundry and I figured it’d either be nice or I’d turn into one of those crazy stalker chicks with a lot of birds that all say I love you.”
“Oh no,” Conrad said, still grinning because his face had broken that way. “Cats. Maybe even talking cats. But you don’t really strike me as a bird person.”
And whoa, hey, someone apparently did not get the hint because outside, whoever it was knocked again, and louder this time, and what the hell part of the GO AWAY carved into his doorframe did people-who-weren’t-Lily-shaped not get?
Lily cocked an eyebrow at him, glancing at the door. “Are you expecting someone? Seems a little desperate for a mailman.”
All at once, Conrad’s front door rocketed back on its hinges—because yeah, security again—and Conrad winced when his clothes hit the ground really close to Lily. And then, seeing his new guest, Conrad winced again, watching as the Incident—the one that Absolutely Had Not Happened—strode into his apartment and slammed the door shut behind him like hell had followed him here.
“Right, so,” Loki announced, his back against the door, looking both cheerful and a little like hot death. “Change of plans.”
Conrad blinked. He blinked again. The image ruining his love life did not, however, kindly oblige him and disappear.
“Change of plans?” he spluttered. “What—how—you! Get out of my apartment!”
“I take it you weren’t expecting him then?” Lily asked, brow furrowed, and started glowing.
When, Conrad wondered, had his life decided to veer off the sane road and dive right into crazy land? But no—real, honest-to-God light flickered down Lily’s arms, lapping at her fingers like water. And something about a pretty, glowing girl in a sundress put Conrad in mind of angels. But not the friendly, save you from a car accident kind of angels. Just then, Lily looked far more like the slaughter everyone and let’s try it from the top kind.
Hot.
But Loki only sniggered, probably because he was a hell of a lot older than angels, the creeper, and somehow he made leaning against the door look like a choice, rather than a last defense against who knew what.
Which, now that Conrad really looked, the guy was in pretty rotten shape. It looked like he’d gone swimming in bat shit since Conrad had seen him last. A whole foot of pockets had been torn from the side of his coat, that same side bearing a huge, blood-soaked half-moon of fraying holes.
Like a bite mark. From a huge-ass dog.
“You’re cute, sweetheart. I like that,” Loki said. “She’s got a spark to her, Connie. You should keep her.”
“You can’t just—” he started and made to stride across the room and… and something because he was the man here goddammit, and yeah, so he hadn’t picked up the toaster yet and proposed, but that didn’t mean this guy could come in here and mess with Lily. Not on his watch.
But actually, Lily pretty much had it covered. Because before he could finish deciding how exactly he wanted to be buried and if socking Loki in the jaw would even work, she lit up like a Christmas tree.
“He asked you to leave,” Lily told him, very reasonably considering will-o’-the-wisp sparkles crawling up her arms like living sunlight.
And when Loki only grinned at her, that light rocketed across the room and into his chest.
Loki slammed backward, his back rattling the door where it hit. The light swallowed him, burning brighter, up toward the ceiling and, oh wow, she was going to send a Norse pretty-much-a-god up in flames. Which was awesome as hell, but it’d screw his renter’s insurance so hard if the landlady found out.
Only then, suddenly, the air went out of the room.
Loki stood in the middle of the sudden vacuum, grinning, the light absorbing into his skin in a flood, until only a tendril of smoke remained drifting from the bloodied fabric of his shirt. Air returned to the room in a rush, everything as bright and normal as if nothing had changed. Meanwhile, Conrad’s bones quietly melted, depositing him shaking and pale at the arm of the couch.
Loki waved the smoke away with a lazy gesture, looking like a goddamned Cheshire cat. Judging by Lily’s expression, whatever the hell kind of… of spell that was, it wasn’t supposed to do that.
“Oh,” she said, very softly, her face white behind her freckles. “Never mind.”
Loki laughed. “Good shot, sweets.” He grinned and picked his way across the room, reading the phrases on wet shirts as he passed. “Power and form. Keep it up, you’ll be playing in the big leagues soon.”
Lily swallowed and stopped glowing, but something stood in front of her now, barely there and not there at all, and Conrad considered stepping behind it also, but yeah. Jello legs. Also, the whole dignity thing. There was still that.
“What are you, exactly?” she asked and, oh hey, a sane relevant question whose answer would have her running from this room so fast the cops would be alerted by the smoke.
“Loki Laufeyiarson, great to meet you. Connie’s working for me. I’m just here on business.”
And wow, Conrad had to admit he was a little shocked how Lily just absorbed that and nodded like it made sense, but wait, what?
“Business?” he snapped. “You dragged me into an alley and… and did something to my head!”
“Oh yeah?” Loki peered into the bathroom. Inside, something made very sure it was not caught peering back. “What was that, then?”
“I don’t know! But you did something, you bastard, and I am really not happy about it. And don’t call me Connie!”
Beside him, Lily looked like maybe she was about to laugh or try to light something on fire again—which was good as far as a bad situation went, but there had been the suggestion of a date not ten minutes before. An actual date. With the most beautiful creature he had ever actually worked up the nerve to speak to, and certainly the most beautiful creature to ever brighten his doorstep.
And now this prick was screwing it up.
Lily sighed and glanced at him, fairy lights sort of half hidden and dancing in her hair. “What is it you’re supposed to be doing?” she asked.
“Apparently, get myself killed to save his ass,” Conrad muttered.
Lily arched an eyebrow. “He didn’t tell you?”
“I need him to keep something for me until I can convince these backward Neanderthals to go back to swilling ale and bashing rocks together,” Loki snapped, heading for the fridge.
Lily sat down on the couch, looking arch and collected. Crossing her legs, she asked, “What are you paying him?” And when Loki offered her a charming grin over the lip of the fridge door, Lily fixed him with the look. “I think you and I both know the going rate for this sort of thing.”
That was it. Conrad had fallen into crazy land. Full of crazy people doing crazy things.
“You glow,” he said to Lily, getting well back for all the good it’d do him, smashed up against the barred window. “That’s cool. I can respect that. I like that. But you are bargaining with him and he is standing there like he should be bargained with, when really he needs to be getting the hell out of my apartment before he leads whoever is following him here.”
Lily nodded, flashing him a quick smile, but she kept her attention fixed on Loki. Seeing as how he was just standing there with the fridge door open, staring at her with something like admiration, Conrad totally understood the distraction.
“Are you one of mine?” Loki asked her.
Lily shrugged, eyeing him like she dealt with this sort of thing all the time. “Probably. The way I hear it, you used to screw anything that moved.”
Loki sniggered, and it was creepy as hell.
“Anyway,” he announced and abandoned his futile search for edibles in a college kid’s apartment in favor of staring at Conrad like dinner. “Like I was saying. Change of plans. I just need to peek inside your head for a moment and—”
“Like hell, okay?” Conrad snarled. “Look, I get it. You’re Loki, Lord of the Dance or whatever, but I am not letting you near me until you tell me what the hell I have to do with all of this. Really, I mean. I’m your chosen one, fine. Whatever. But I’m not putting up with anymore of your clever bullshit.”
The smile stopped. Yeah, it turned out, things could get worse.
“Kid,” he snapped, “you wouldn’t recognize my clever bullshit if I spoon fed it to you on a neon sign. And if it’s just the same to you, I’d rather not. So can we get the hell on with business without you whining for two goddamned seconds, already? I need to talk to Mimir.”
Conrad wanted to ask who the hell was Mimir—and it had better not be the thing inside his head, because if it had a name, it was probably a person, and he hadn’t signed up for any of this, but he certainly hadn’t signed up for sharing his body with someone else. And that was just creepy. Like, major league perverted. He’d showered last night. And he’d… and it’d…
But before Conrad could start shouting, something exploded down the hallway from his door and it sort of sounded like the freight elevator.
Loki wheeled around, staring at the door—through the door—and whatever he saw drained the color from his face. His skin rippled and warped, and when he turned around, someone else entirely looked back at them.
“Stay low. Do what they ask, but do not talk to them. Don’t even look at them if you can help it,” he hissed, glancing over his shoulder. Conrad heard footsteps in the hall now, getting louder, Loki’s skin rippling like water in Jurassic Park. “Most importantly, do not attack them. They will destroy you. They might anyway. We’re just kind of hoping they’re not that pissed.”
“Who?” Conrad demanded.
Loki grimaced, almost an apology, and disappeared.
Outside, big damn footsteps slammed down the hallway, shaking the floor as Serious Business headed their way. Lily jumped to her feet.
“Hold my hand,” she said and grabbed his, pressing her back against the window next to him. “I hope this is big enough.”
“But the bars…?” Conrad asked weakly, forgetting entirely about the three floors up and, oh hey, Dignity, way to leave a guy in the lurch, but Loki had been scared, and terrified hand-holding sounded pretty damn good right now.
Lily grabbed his face in her free hand, her eyes wide and frightened, and their color was strange, but she had his hand in a vice grip and Conrad forgot everything else.
“You’re going to have to trust me,” she said. “The bars are not there.”
Conrad nodded. Because it was pretty obvious she was just as scared as he was and someone needed to keep their head here. If she wanted to talk crazy, alright, he’d seen enough crazy this last week. If she said the bars weren’t there, they weren’t.
Across the room, the poor, oft-abused door blew open. As in, blew off, flying from its hinges and into the wall, embedding in the plaster.
Well, Conrad thought with the dazed coherence of the severely stressed, guess the duct tape is a moot point. And then, when the reality of the situation bludgeoned him about the head, it followed that thought up with a nice, panicked oh look—giant, anthropomorphic crows breaking into my apartment.
The crows sized them up, heads cocked to opposite sides, jet black eyes sick with human intelligence, heavy shoulders blocking the frame completely.
“Dibs on the girl,” one squawked on vocal chords that had been made for peaceful, pleasant things like waking poor college kids up at the ass crack of dawn. The sound of it speaking actual, human words grated like nails on the souls of the damned.
“Alright,” agreed the other. “But you still owe me two eyes.”
“Take both their eyes. Trickster brood. More trouble than they’re worth.”
Conrad felt Lily shaking and squeezed her hand a little tighter for all the good it’d do. They were both shaking so bad now, together they could probably get the air bubbles out of paint.
“Lily?” he started, wondering if he needed the toaster at all because, hey, it’d be kind of nice to have at least have a girlfriend before he died.
She took a deep breath. Between their interlaced fingers, a glow started, crawling up their arms. It felt like sunlight. Not the kind of oh, look, sun they had in Pittsburgh, but real, honest-to-God sunlight. The way sunlight had felt as a kid, when summer promised dragons in the back field and krakens in the pool. That kind of sunlight. And even with giant, trench coat wearing birds coming at them with saw blade beaks creaking open, it was seriously awesome.
“There is no window,” Lily whispered, her voice cracking. “No window, no wall, Conrad, nothing. We’re going to fall.”
Conrad glanced at her.
“Okay,” he breathed.
She swayed backward.
The sunlight burned on his skin, awesome and terrifying, and he leaned with her. Farther and farther, past where the wall should have been. Conrad let himself fall, his shoulders touching empty space, dew-wet wind tugging at the hem of his T-shirt. Nothing stopped them. The heels of his Converses met the edge of the world, crumbs of cement crackling under his toes. For a second, they hung in space together, encased in sunlight.
And then they fell.
Conrad heard the birds shout. Not long after, he heard only wind.
Lily held onto his hand, her elbow locked in his, the sunlight tugging his skin, holding him as they tumbled.
No window.
No wall.
Just Lily
And sunlight
And falling.
And then, abruptly, very hard ground.
Most of it found his mouth, or jutted into tender places. Conrad wheezed curses and rolled to one side, only to find Lily’s stomach in the process. She groaned. A second later she got her dress sorted out and struggled to her feet.
“Come on,” she said, coughing out dust. “It’s not really safe here either. They might be able to find us.”
Conrad swore a little more for good measure and dragged himself up. “Where are we?”
Lily looked at him. A smudge of dirt crossed her cheek. He wanted to wipe it away like the movie heroes would, but after the throes of certain death and danger, it didn’t seem like the time.
“I’m not going to tell you,” she said at last. “Because I really think you’ll freak if you know. But we’re going to my apartment. Whatever you see, whatever sees you, we are going to my nice, normal apartment where there will be tea and showers. Concentrate on that.”
They set off toward a hill in the distance, and looking around, Conrad decided she was right. Because he could not see buildings anywhere and this definitely was not even on the same playing field as reality anymore. So Conrad shut his mouth, followed where she led, and pretended not to hear when she muttered, “That’s sure as heck what I’m doing.”

*   *   *

They walked.
Mist rose and swirled around their ankles, thicker between the trees. Conrad did not look around. He kept his eyes to the path, and to Lily, and forcefully did not see the slithering thing.
He did not see whatever it was that had been following them for some time now, making a horrible chattering noise like bones in a well, yellow eyes peeking between the trees, because Lily knew what she was doing, and she was still glowing, which was pretty great.
Even certain death was kind of okay with her here. He didn’t mind. He’d stay if she stayed, dirty and glowing, because she was pretty goddamned gorgeous like this—and he was being a pretty big wuss about the whole thing, but hey. Loki was real, apparently the entire Norse pantheon wanted to kill them, and the illusive Laundry Girl not only liked him, but wanted to hold his hand. Exceptions, at this point, had to be made.
Eventually, the mist cleared. Conrad happened to glance back, just to look at the trees really, and caught a brief, horrifying glimpse of the yellow-eyed thing. Clacking its needle sharp teeth at him and grinning, the… thing’s face twisted, gnarled unlike anything he’d ever seen, yellow eyes glittering deep in the folds of its somehow horse-like features, tiny wings jutting like razors from its back. And Conrad was suddenly, horribly sure that it was a fairy, and that he never wanted to see something like that Ever Again.
And, oh hey, look. Suddenly, they stood in the parking lot of a convenience store. No road or anything led to it, but there it sat just the same. An ugly little building that looked spat out of the wrong end of 1990, squatted like a pimple on a rocky plane of asphalt, surrounded by grass. Grass and trees and that yellow-eyed thing he was still going to have nightmares about when he was eighty.
Lily squeezed his hand and gave him the look. Conrad nodded. He understood that look. It meant don’t stare at the locals, they will stare back and they might eat you. Since they’d picked up their little parade of invisible and not nearly invisible enough things that had wanted to eat him, Conrad had become very familiar with that look. It often preceded a similar look that went you’re very nice; please, don’t break down into a gibbering mess.
He was quickly becoming very fond of that look.
Together, they set off across the parking lot, over the thin lip of a sidewalk and into the store. A bell rang to mark their entrance. No one looked up, which was pretty good as far as Conrad’s surviving sanity went. Especially considering the patrons included a wolf, prowling between the isles with a box of an off-brand brownie mix in its mouth; a very tall woman in a shimmering white dress buying Twinkies; and a man so grizzled Conrad first mistook him for a tree, staring longingly at shelf full of marked-down Miracle-Gro.
Yeah.
Don’t stare at the locals. Check.
Lily marched through the aisles, grabbing beef jerky and cheese straws as she went with the furious energy of a woman who Has Had Enough. Conrad snagged a bag of Cheetos as they rampaged past the display—wait, since when had the cheetah looked like that?—a case of Mountain Dew because damn it, it was either caffeine or hard liquor, and a packet of sour gummy worms.
Because he had just survived more near-death experiences in the past seventy-two hours than he could probably count, he could eat like a five-year-old if he wanted to. For a minute, Conrad stood staring at the assembled hoards of sugary things he hadn’t seen since he was a kid, thinking about the semi-disastrous turn his life had taken somewhere shortly before puberty, and wondered why he had bothered to wake up this morning at all.
And then Lily stopped in front of the ice cream display with the face girls sometimes got that said I am female and by the strange laws governing my gender I am forever dieting and cannot buy this ice cream (even having just faced almost certain death), if you do not at least pretend it is for you, and Conrad remembered.
He opened the door with a flourish and emerged in a cloud of frosty air with a gallon of something half chocolate, half heart attack.
Lily smiled, a sparkle in her eyes that had nothing to do with magic, and, oh yeah…
Conrad grinned back at her.
He won at life.

*   *   *

As soon as they got the door to Lily’s apartment locked and dead-bolted behind them, Conrad dropped. Luckily, his knees held up just long enough to dump onto the nearest obliging furniture—a couch, as it turned out, and hey, one that looked like it hadn’t just barely survived a world war.
A pretty tasteful couch, actually. Like the kind of thing he’d expect a girl to have in her apartment, a yarn afghan folded on the back, a pillow at the far end with some kind of flower on it. And Conrad’s brain finally caught up to the rest of him, wheezing and gasping, to remind him—that giant pile of dirt he’d fallen into? Yeah.
All over the really tasteful couch.
“Shit,” Conrad hissed and jumped up. “Aw, man, I’m sorry. I didn’t even think—”
Lily dropped her bags on the floor next to his, plummeted onto the couch in a cloud dust.
“Screw it,” she said, smiling. “I am too exhausted to care.”
She bent down to rummage through her bags and, hey, alright, this girl was an angel—apparently both kinds.
But angel or not, there was exhausted and there was Exhausted. He was pretty sure Lily was the second, capital and all, because she was almost as pale as the still clean straps of her dress, even her lips just a tad too white, and Conrad didn’t know a hell of a lot about things like that, but he was pretty sure that was not a Good Sign.
“Are you okay?” he asked, leaning back next to her.
Lily froze, halfway to tearing open a bag of beef jerky with her teeth, looking almost guilty and, wow, okay, apparently Conrad found the cave woman thing sexy as hell because, worried or not, his stomach did ten different kinds of acrobatics just then.
“The escape hatch takes a ton of magic,” Lily said, and yeah, there was a definite blush at the tips of her ears as she ripped the bag the rest of the way open like a human. “If I don’t shovel gorge myself the next three minutes, I will swoon like no one has ever swooned before.”
And that was fine, alright, probably just a protein thing, but Conrad started to ask if she was sure she was okay and, whoa, holy shit. Apparently hunger was a linebacker or something, because it nailed his ass like the Spanish Inquisition.
For a second the entire room rocked on its axis and almost fell off the universe. Conrad’s head floated off somewhere near the ceiling and, hey, Dignity, what the hell? But the moment passed without a manly swoon and, okay, things were cool. Hopefully Lily hadn’t noticed. But no, judging by the look on her face, she totally had.
Conrad flashed a lopsided grin and dug out his own bag of beef jerky.
“Just ignore me. My body thinks I actually have an excuse to be this hungry or something.”
Lily blushed, her bottom lip caught between her teeth and, oh wow, sexy as hell. Conrad forgot the cave woman entirely.
“I, uh… used you as a battery to get us here,” she said, red to the roots and, okay, apparently they were both winners at this whole existence thing. “Sorry about that. We’d have been stuck otherwise, and I like my eyes where they are.”
Conrad laughed. “You know what? Do not worry about it. You are absolutely welcome to use me any way you possibly can if it keeps us from being eaten alive. Anytime. I mean that.” And then, because the entire situation was kind of his fault and that sure put a damper on the whole pretty girl embarrassed over possibly offending him thing, “I’m really sorry you got dragged into all this.”
Lily grinned and, wow, okay, since when was it that easy to make the awkward go away? “They’d have found me anyway. Trouble tends to do that.”
“You too?” he blurted and his mouth, fuck, it’s called a filter, has he heard of it? “I mean—that’s so weird.”
Lily laughed, passing him a chocolate Twinkie and, wow, really? Since when had they made chocolate Twinkies?
“I guess we’re both pretty weird.”
And Conrad laughed too, because this girl? This girl lit up with the best kind of sunshine and took him back to her really nice apartment even though he almost got her killed on probably more than one occasion he didn’t even know about yet. She didn’t even seem to care that the Norse kinda-god of chaos would probably end up camping out in her apartment, too, and yeah, she was pretty much his all-time favorite person right now.
“They should make you a saint,” he told her, and immediate hunger satisfied, wow, was he exhausted. “You’re that awesome.”
Her couch was so really super comfortable—they made these at an IKEA on this plane of existence?—and Conrad felt half asleep already. But right before he passed out, he caught Lily blushing all the way up to her ears.
Which, wow.
Awesome.

*   *   *

Bleary-eyed and itchy, shoved so far into the couch he shared his corner with a lost remote and the Methuselah of Fritos, Conrad woke up by degrees. The first degree landed a nice urgh so gross need shower uppercut, wrenched the contents of his head inside out and stepped back to allow the second more room for its stunning my friends don’t have clean apartments where am I what happened last night oh god all I remember are giant man-birds roundhouse.
For a panicked half-second, Conrad scrabbled at the couch crevice, trying to wrench himself upright and out of this strange, tastefully decorated apartment with very feminine walls in no danger of collapsing without duct tape.
Except no, wait. He remembered. None of this had anything to do with roofies or acid, however much he sort of wished it had.
Only, seeing the very beautiful and once again clean Laundry Girl kind of laughing at his sudden flailing from where she was towel drying her hair, birds aside, Conrad revised his opinion of current events to pretty stoked. Maybe this Loki thing was worth it. Near-death experiences in quick succession sure beat awkward jokes about bowling for an ice breaker, at any rate.
Well, no. Never mind. Come to think of it, he’d rather endure the excruciating struggle toward the English language in the face of a pretty girl than ever, ever see those ‘roiding pigeons again.
“You wake up pretty,” Lily chuckled, wrapping her hair up in a towel all at once in that secret handshake type thing he knew only a woman could ever do—and, oh god, banter with a pretty girl. Near-death experiences were kind of failing him and a bowling joke really wouldn’t work right now.
“I know. Not everyone can be as gorgeous as me,” he said and shit, was his mouth even attached to anything anymore? But Lily laughed and threw a multicolored pile of her clothing into his lap, smelling just like her, and what did she expect him to…?
“Those are the only things I have that might fit you,” she said with an apologetic shrug. “It’s either these or the track pants my sister bought me that have Juicy on the butt.”
And wow, this girl was totally a saint, because in her position, he’d have given his helpless male friend causing all this world-ending shit the ones that said Juicy in half a heartbeat.
Conrad grinned, and about a million half incoherent different ways of thanking her spilled out of his apparently broken mouth all at once. Something not nearly as clever as it had sounded a second ago in his head tumbled out, and probably it was one of those things on the unspoken list of what never to say to a girl, not ever, not even if she asks, but Lily really was a saint, because she laughed as he tried to nonchalantly duck into the bathroom to die in embarrassment, calling, “Well, if your butt was a juice box, I think it’d be apple.”
And all he could think of was, You’d be cherry. But that one he knew was on the absolutely not, not even on pain of death list. So Conrad kept his mouth shut and closed the bathroom door behind him, grinning like an idiot. He probably needed to get this permanently happy thing checked out.
But apple juice?
Conrad made a mental note to check out Lily’s fridge.

*   *   *

Clean again, Conrad emerged from the bathroom wearing a long Ziggy Stardust T-shirt, which was great, and sunflower yoga pants, which was less great. But as he was fairly certain Lily had at some point worn both of these items—possibly to bed—he figured he should probably walk straight out and buy a lottery ticket, get his loans all paid.
While he’d been trying to get at the dirt lodged in his ear canals, Conrad saw Lily had been busy. Not only had she found and inflated an air mattress in the time he’d been showering, she’d cooked.
She sat cross-legged on the mattress, hunched over her laptop and a plate of steak and eggs. Another plate sat unclaimed and steaming at her knee, tendrils of steam beckoning from a perfectly medium-rare hunk of meat, glistening with juices and cuddled right up next to pillows of cheese-strewn, fluffy eggs.
Seeing him, Lily looked up from her own plate of steak and eggs, wordlessly handing him the one at her side with a sort of blush riding the tips of her ears and wow.
This woman.
“So I was thinking about the crows,” she said before he could think of a way to express we hardly know each other and I don’t have a ring but it doesn’t even matter because I am going to marry you just let me just get my toaster you are amazing.
Conrad settled down carefully on the mattress next to her, angling so he could see the computer screen, but really so that their knees touched, and, yes, he was being a wuss about all this, but he did not even care.
“Yeah?” he asked and pretty smoothly. But then he took a bite of the steak and made the most embarrassing noise he had probably ever uttered in a long and varied history of embarrassing noises.
Lily looked at him, the blush questing down from her ears and onto the tops of her cheeks. “Good?”
“I think I love you.”
Lily burst out laughing, which was better than he’d hoped for, because, hey, kind of embarrassing—but all of this and whoa amazing steak with Laundry Girl, who absolutely did not care about the whole Norse gods coming down to kill them thing… Conrad covered up his own raging so-not-a-blush-at-all with, “So what were you saying about the crows?”
Lily smirked at him, that look in her eyes girls sometimes got, usually when there was a circling pack of them about to take down some poor, unsuspecting gazelle. It was pretty disconcerting, especially here, in the middle of the vast, feminine savanna of her apartment.
“I think they’re Huginn and Muninn—Odin’s crows,” she said, pretending she hadn’t just looked like she was going to eat him a second ago. “Only, the stories say they were actually birds. As in, the type that you can fend off with a tennis racket.”
Lily scrolled down the Wikipedia page so he could see the picture of two, decidedly less terrifying seagulls picking at an old guy in some kind of weird, ancient zebra print. Conrad entertained himself briefly with the horrifying notion of facing down the aquiline Vinnie and Guido of Norse mythology wielding only a tennis racket.
“I’d get out the big guns too, dealing with Loki,” he said, not thinking at all about the birds that were probably looking for him right this minute with the intent of scooping his brains or eating his eyeballs or who knew what.
Judging by the look on her face, Lily was thinking that, though.
“That’s what worries me,” she said. “When Loki was at your apartment, he mentioned Mimir.”
Suddenly Conrad’s steak looked a lot less inviting.
“Mimir is a bad thing?” he ventured.
“Mimir is a big thing. A twisted up in politics, even more powerful now that he’s dead, thing.”
Conrad paled. “Oh.”
“Yeah. This says the Vanir killed him before they were really friendly with the Aesir, and that Odin charmed Mimir’s severed head to keep him talking. But it’s impossible to say how true that is. I mean I’ve seen some of what Odin can do and this smells like a set up.”
Conrad had no idea what his face was doing, but apparently it was somewhere along the lines of horrified and aghast because Lily glared at him.
“Super diluted and after seven hundred years in an amulet. And no it wasn’t even mine. Stop looking at me like that, Conrad. I’m not stupid.”
“Where would you even see that kind of thing? I mean, how do you just happen upon something containing the raw energy of a Norse god? Is there a museum for weird-ass, world-altering shit?”
Lily coughed and very pointedly went back to her steak and Wikipedia. “I… happen to know people who do a little work for him on the side. Anyway, he is not so much a nice person, and almost definitely the one after Loki, so—”
“No, no,” Conrad said, waving his fork around to illustrate the point. “Go back. I’m still on the part where this is business as usual.”
Lily shot him a dark look he was not expecting. “It’s what I do, Conrad.”
Oh, crap. Okay. Here be dragons. He could understand that. Today was a total shitstorm so far. But all this… Loki. At least Lily could drop out of this mad house at any time if she wanted, and while he was on the subject, she’d had years to deal with the whole monster under the bed is totally real thing, whereas he’d had maybe five minutes of downtime between running from Loki and trying to pretend this crap wasn’t happening to him, even when it was, so a little less frustration with the guy about to have a mental breakdown would be really great, thanks.
“Thanks for taking a potshot at Loki when you could, anyway,” he said, trying to be rational about all of this. “Because I don’t think either of us will get the chance again, but god do I want to knock his head off.”
No good there, either. Lily flushed, her mouth in a tight, unhappy downturn, staring fixedly at the screen. “That was really, really stupid of me. I should have known a guy projecting absolutely no aura was carrying big league shields for a big league reason.”
“Yeah, well. How often do you happen to bump into sort-of-gods on the run?”
“Oh, more than you’d think. Most gods were pretty randy in their heyday. Just about anyone with magic can claim relation to some god or another,” she said, looking up. “But Loki’s been off the radar for years and years. A few crazies show up now and again claiming to be his chosen one—usually for things like the Grand Appropriation of Cigarettes, and okay, having met the guy now I wouldn’t put it past him—but out of all the players, he’s the last one I expected to meet breaking and entering…”
Lily caught herself and trailed off. Conrad grinned.
“Yeah, no, unexpected breaking and entering pretty much sums him up,” he said.
Maybe his tone was off or something because Lily didn’t relax or smile or anything. She just sighed, hunched over the laptop like it’d suddenly wake up and solve all their problems with a well-placed error message or two, and looked miserable.
“You’re right. Never mind. There is no excuse for me. That was just really stupid.”
“Eat your amazing eggs,” he offered, subdued in the face of her sudden hopelessness. “It helps.”
And then, in the way girls had, she ignored the conversation they were having for the conversation they had been pointedly not having.
“What are we going to do about Mimir?”
“Ignore him and hope he goes away like a wart or something?”
Lily shook her head. “Odin isn’t just going to give up looking for him. I mean, he trapped the guy’s soul in a well for pretty much the last millennium, and according to Loki, you have him.”
Conrad opened his mouth to reply that he absolutely did not have the thing that was going to get them both killed, but somewhere between breathing and speaking an entirely unfamiliar voice doing equally unfamiliar things to his vowels erupted instead.
“It isn’t so much a matter of possession as location, actually,” it drawled, very bored and equally British, before the voice split back into Conrad’s not at all frantic, “Oh god, what was that—that did not just happen.”
Wide-eyed, Lily stared at him. After a second, she took a deep, steadying breath Conrad was obliged to take with her.
“Did Loki happen to put something into your head, by any chance?” she asked.
“Yeah, actually. A glowing, painful thing and, oh god, there is an old British guy inside my head.”
“Oh, don’t be so alarmist,” the voice crackled out of his mouth like a broken radio alarm clock changing channels at three in the morning. “It’s hardly the event you’re making it out to be.”
“Yes, well, you’re not the one being possessed, are you, Mr. Disembodied Voice?” Conrad snapped. Except, more or less, he snapped it at himself and, whoops, there went one of his last major anchors to sanity.
The company in Crazy Town was good at least.
Lily shook her head and said, as if it were a perfectly rational thing to be saying, “It isn’t possession. He’s manipulating your nervous system, not using you as a flesh puppet.”
Conrad blinked, disgusted out of his impending breakdown. “Could you have made it more disturbing?”
Only, his impending breakdown started right back up again when the Figment Who Wasn’t laughed as he talked, both sounds coming out of his mouth at the same time, and he’d never been stabbed by an electrified earthworm before, but Conrad kind of suspected this was what it’d feel like.
“Crude metaphor,” the Figment Who Wasn’t said. “But an effective illustration, at least.”
Conrad figured he must look terrified or thereabout, because Lily shot him a commiserating smile that said, I am so sorry, it sucks to be you in such a massive way.
“Look,” he muttered to the thing occupying his head, “could you stop doing that?”
“Sorry, but no. I’m afraid we’re stuck together. Given that Loki hasn’t returned to reclaim you yet, he’s probably gone and got himself into even deeper trouble.”
Lily looked up from her eggs, frowning. “You’re on… his side?”
“Is that so shocking?” his head tenant chuckled, and Conrad was almost positive he aged eighty years from proximity. “Yes, actually. He is attempting to obtain a usable body for me, at my request.”
“Well, you can’t have mine,” Conrad snarled. “So get out.”
“I can do many things, boy, but at the moment, self-locomotion is not one of them. As I said, we are stuck together.”
For her part, Lily kept eating as if this sort of thing happened to her all the time.
“How close is he to getting you this body?” she asked. And then, probably after considering Loki’s spectacularly questionable morality. “And where is he getting it from?”
“As I understand it, he was able to restore my old body to working order, head and all. However, for reasons that do not bear exploring, I wasn’t actually in my head at the time, and my body is now… unfortunately elsewhere.”
“You mean you were off taking the metaphorical piss and Odin stole your body, huh?” Conrad asked.
Mimir went quiet. A sullen silence followed in which Lily gave Conrad a look he wagered meant he’d just done something wrong.
Whatever.
“That is unfortunately similar to what occurred, yes,” Mimir muttered. “Odin suffers from separation anxiety, I believe it’s called. Dislikes anyone leaving. He’s really quite a child when it comes to things like that. No doubt you’ve heard what he did to Loki when Loki left Asgard?”
Fork halfway to her lips, Lily stopped and stared at Conrad’s head. If he could have, at that moment, Conrad would have stared at his head too.
“Ah, well, anyway,” the voice picked up again, clearing his borrowed throat. “Your chances of survival will be greatly improved should you ask the Fates to intervene. One was always rather fond of Loki. June, I believe she calls herself now.”
“June,” Conrad asked, incredulously. “You mean like, one of the Fates who decide destiny, right? And her name is June?”
Mimir sniffed.
“Yes.”
Looking thoughtful, Lily put her fork down and settled the plate back onto the air mattress.
“Well,” she asked, ever the diplomat. “How would we speak with her?”
Conrad could feel Mimir shift in his head and it was absolutely the strangest bodily experience it was ever his misfortune to actually, well, experience.
“I haven’t the faintest idea. In my day it involved a nice sacrifice, a lot of runes, string, and a fresh spring cabbage. I suspect they’ve grown bored with that by now, but I couldn’t tell you what they prefer.”
Okay. What? Norse gods, fine. Conrad could believe in Norse gods. All kinds of people made up all kinds of gods. Who was he to say one set existed and another didn’t?
Walking, talking, human-shaped birds? Sure. Have some walking, talking, human-shaped birds. If Norse gods existed, why couldn’t the giant birds who worked for them?
Fairies, even. Creeping, nasty, yellowed things that looked like they seen a thousand wars, oozing through the shadows with their huge, sharp teeth—he’d even believe in those.
But somehow, summoning Fates with cabbage?
Yeah.
Try the other leg.
“Email, maybe?” Lily ventured. “Loki seems pretty well in the modern age. He… er, really enjoyed eating all your Cheetos anyway, Conrad. Called it chemical-laden swill and a blessing of the modern age.”
Conrad roused from his nonsense-induced coma, blinking and spluttering into the light.
“He what? When did this happen?”
“You were in the shower,” she said. And then, with a sour look, “He apologized for the ‘bird incident,’ as he called it.”
“Well, so long as he apologized for almost getting us killed. I guess everything’s just sunshine and leprechauns now, then.”
“He also drank all the Mountain Dew, chugged down a Red Bull in about a second, and ran out of the apartment shaped like a rat. It took about five minutes, all total.”
“Oh, god,” Conrad moaned and flopped over, his head landing dangerously close to the laptop and very nearly into his fluffy pile of eggs.
“I would suggest you not say that too loudly,” Mimir advised, far too amused for a brain parasite.
Conrad stared at the laptop, trying to think of a way out of this. He did not want this old guy in his head anymore. He could feel his… his manly essence shriveling up and drying out with age the longer this old fart talked at him. Pretty soon he was going to be drinking prune juice and watching Antiques Roadshow while he knitted lace doilies for his china cabinet, but wait—wait.
A stroke of brilliance hit him. The laptop. That was it. They had rocks before. Rocks and mountains and bits of land that were holier than other bits of land. But here, now, the computer was the shrine of the modern age. The Fates wouldn’t use email. No, they couldn’t. Using email would mean eventually they’d have to sift through ads for Viagra and weight loss pills, and the women who ran the universe would absolutely not sift through spam.
So it would have to be a system that couldn’t be accessed accidentally. Just like it wouldn’t have really been possible to accidentally happen to kill a deer in just the right section of wherever, who knew how long ago. This system would have to be the sort puny humans could only wander into if they knew where and what they were doing. But it would have to be simple. Because hell, once upon a time the creatures holding the entire universe together had been happy with string and cabbage.
Conrad sat up.
Fate. F8. The F8 system command key. That was how people who needed to get in, got in. It had to be!
Without waiting for a more coherent thought to show up, Conrad punched the off button on Lily’s laptop until, grumbling, it finally obliged and shut down.
“What are you doing?” she asked, frowning.
Conrad grinned. He was going to be the hero in this screwed up fairy tale if it killed him.
“I have an idea. This is going to work, or I am going to make it work.”
Wheezing and complaining all the way, the computer finally heaved back into life. Before it could turn over into the normal startup screen, Conrad punched the F8 key about twenty-seven times in rapid succession.
Windows Advanced Options, the screen read. Use Arrow Keys.
Squinting at the little block letters, he scrolled through the list of options, looking for anything he didn’t recognize, looking for anything at all that could have a double meaning. He found one. Just one.
Enable VGA mode.
Odd. Conrad punched the curser down and clicked it. The screen blanked. He pressed F8 about eighty million times again for good measure. A new screen came up, and did he win at life or what?
Venerable God Alert mode activated, it read. Enter request.
Conrad typed, June.
The cursor blinked. And blinked. And blinked some more. Conrad frowned and turned to shrug sort of apologetically at Lily. He’d gotten them this far, but hey, obviously he was only slightly higher than the Grand Appropriator of Cigarettes on the Chosen One food chain. Except, just when he decided to throw in the towel and go back to his quickly cooling eggs, a word appeared on the screen.
What?
“Oh my god, you did it,” Lily whispered, watching over his shoulder in wide-eyed shock, totally impressed. Coming from a girl who could glow? Pretty big ego boost right there. Conrad loved the look on her face. Wanted to see it all the time—wanted to kiss her, right here, right now, but this was probably not the time or the place, even though she kind of looked like she wanted to kiss him too. But then, maybe she didn’t. Maybe she had gas or something. Girls were hard to read like that.
“Best not to keep the Fates waiting, boy,” Mimir pressed.
We need your help, Conrad typed.
Obviously, the screen flashed back.
He glanced at Lily, who shrugged and gave him the go ahead, do it quick gesture.
Is this June?
The screen blinked, his last line dangling through cyberspace to something far older and potentially deadly.
Well, you’re not a total noob then, I see, the screen said at last. WTF do you want?
Conrad stopped and stared at the screen. No problem, really. His brain just needed a minute to stop lighting itself on fire and screaming put me out of my misery! Because even worse than the cabbage?
The knowledge that the Fates, the weavers of his life and everything in it, used chat-speak.
“Ask her how well she likes Loki,” Mimir suggested. “Favors change. I could be out of date.”
Shooting Conrad a sort of commiserating look, Lily took her laptop back.
How fond of Loki are you at the moment? she typed.
Why? Has that idiot lost my number again?
And even the great and powerful Witch of the East Oakland Apartment Complex was forced to pause at that.
No, she typed. He’s in trouble.
The curser blinked. It was the same blink as ever, but somehow they got the impression it was laughing.
Srs bsns, I’m sure, the screen scrolled.
“Well, this is going great so far. Guess I’ll plunge right in,” Lily muttered.
He stole Mimir. Odin’s in a pisser. We’re holding the fort while he’s off doing I don’t even want to know what, but we’re not exactly pleased with the odds of our survival.
There was a pause in which Conrad contemplated his eggs.
And then the Fate wrote, Which odds would those be?
Conrad could not hold it in. If he tried to hold it in, he would probably explode. Leaning over Lily’s shoulder, he took the keyboard back and typed, Giant. Fucking. Birds.
“Conrad,” Lily hissed.
“What?” he hissed right back. “They were.”
“And you wonder how you got into this mess in the first place? You have no tact.”
But the cursor blinked and pinged, Fate messaging back, LOL. Alright. I’m faxing you my card. Take it to the Cauldron tonight. Enter through the back door. Dress appropriately. If you embarrass me in front of my sisters, I will sever your existence so completely your entire *bloodline* ceases to exist. Loki is going to be bad enough without his minions running around in neon green and plaid, I swear.
“Fax…?” Lily asked, her nose scrunched up in a totally cute, baffled type way.
But Conrad glared at the screen, stuck back on the fact that he had worn green and plaid the one time when he was out of clean clothes, and now the universe wanted to bitch him out about his fashion sense? That just figured. That really was the sum of his life right there—and holy shit, who set his ass on fire?
He tumbled off the air mattress in a spectacular display of dexterity, wrenching his wallet out from the yoga pants’ single pocket because apparently that was what was burning through his right ass cheek. And Lily laughed at him, which yeah, thanks for that.
She got off the air mattress in a graceful sort of way and crossed the room to open the little silver change purse on the table. A coil of blue smoke unfurled and dissipated from the inside, smelling vaguely of alcohol and pineapple. Lily waved it off, like this was a run of the mill sort of thing, and pulled out a tasteful cream and gold card with raised blue lettering in a language neither of them could read.
“I suppose,” Mimir drawled and, okay, Conrad was getting used to this. “We are going clubbing.”
Lily’s eyes met Conrad’s from across the room. Neither of them flinched, through sheer force of will, but Conrad could tell she really wanted to.
Jeez, Mimir was like what, eighty million years old? Did he have to put it like that? Clubbing? In that really disdainful, English drawl that made it sound like public toilet licking.
BTW, the computer scrolled, catching Conrad’s attention. Bring Loki. And if he’s lost his card again, he can fix his own damn Ragnarok.
Oh yeah, Conrad decided, glancing at Lily with a pained, apologetic smile.
This would be epic.

*   *   *

It really wasn’t hesitation at all, this business of walking very slowly back to Conrad’s apartment. There just wasn’t any point in rushing after everything else. So he needed to pick up some clothes that weren’t flowered yoga pants or an outfit the Fates apparently had some kind of problem with, even though there was nothing wrong with plaid, and he’d only worn it the once, and even then just because he hadn’t done the laundry in a while—and anyway how about cutting a guy a giant slice of break cake, seeing as how he had a shitstorm of crazy currently raining on his many parades, okay? Jeez.
No. A clothes run just wasn’t that important. So they strolled. Nothing wrong with strolling. It wasn’t like either of them were thinking of the giant, hungry birds that might still be there, or worse, the landlady wanting to know just what the hell did you bring into my building and how exactly do you propose to pay for it?
Nothing like that at all. Nope. He was a chosen one, bubbling with muscles and charisma, swaggering anywhere he wanted to swagger with a beautiful woman on his arm. The fact that this beautiful woman could fry someone alive was purely coincidental.
They were a team. And since Lily was pretty much the coolest human being to ever exist, they made a really kick-ass team, and a kick-ass team like them would not be pretending to look at the wilted and possibly plague-ridden flowers outside his decrepit apartment building on the grounds no one notices how beautiful things are until things like this happen.
Things like this being, of course, a Norse semi-god with a very powerful Fate for a potentially irritable ex-girlfriend, an entire pantheon of really peeved Norse actual-gods, a rabid dog the size of a small elephant, two giant raven-headed man-things with a fondness for eyeballs, specifically theirs, and of course, wet laundry.
It was one of those weeks.
Faced with the inside of the building, there was suddenly much, much less fodder for not-hesitation. The wrought iron staircase looked like it’d started life as a fire escape before getting pilfered from another building, for one thing. And even those poor souls brave enough to risk the landlady’s wrath by tagging the sagging plaster restrained themselves to tiny, pen-written notes in the shadowy corners where no one who wasn’t really determined would see them.
Together, they climbed the death stairs, and Conrad didn’t use the few, sad scribbles on the wall as an excuse to hesitate at all.
Hope is a symptom, the first floor told them.
The second settled for, penispenispenis, with an illustration in case they were unfamiliar with the concept.
At Conrad’s floor, the last read, The End is Ni, hopefully written by a fan of Monty Python and not someone who got eaten before they could finish.
Going by recent events, both were equally likely. But, oh look, the shattered splinter that remained of his front door lay cockeyed on his welcome mat and, aw man…
Conrad crossed the hall to peer into his apartment and, okay, guess what, if Loki ever ended up giving him magical powers or something, those jerk pigeons were going down.
The place was in shambles. Most of door remained intact, albeit halfway across the room and wedged into the wall. But they’d torn down his clothes from the strings and trampled them into the filthier than usual carpet—and wait, was that…?
They’d actually shat on his clothes.
Those fucking pigeons had shat on his clothes.
Lily took a deep breath as she was able with one hand covering her nose.
“Stay in the hallway,” she said, patting a comforting sort of hand on his arm. “I’ll go find what’s wearable. We’ll deal with the rest of this after we stop the world from ending.”
Despite the state of his every worldly possession, Conrad cracked a smile. “You are like the James Bond of crisis control right now.”
Lily beamed behind her hand.
“When I was eight, a dragon burnt down our garage to settle a bet with my great-great grandfather,” she said, as if of course.
And then, because apparently his face had done something strange without his consent again, she laughed and said, “Don’t worry. We’re not in dragon country here. And mostly, the big ones live in the in-between places.”
Ah. The in-between places. Nothing to worry about. They only lived in the in-between places he and Lily had just walked through to get to her apartment, totally ignoring the slithering, always just out of sight thing that had followed them the entire way.
Lily smiled at him and stepped inside the apartment, gingerly picking her way between piles of things better not thought about. Conrad remained outside, stuck back on square one.
“Tell me,” he asked. “Can dragons go invisible?”
“Some of them,” Lily called from inside. “Why?”
“No reason.” Conrad leaned against the wall and felt his legs slowly dissolve. “I’m just going to wait out here.”

*   *   *

On the way back to Lily’s apartment, absolutely nothing happened. The walk remained entirely uneventful. One or two people stared at Conrad’s flowered pajamas, but this was more or less a college town, and he was by far not the most unusual example of his age-group to be walking down the sidewalk. Nothing jumped out at them. Nothing started talking that shouldn’t be talking, tried to eat them, cast magic in their direction, or shoved glowing British things into their heads. Nothing at all.
It was great. They talked. They had an actual conversation that didn’t revolve around recent events, and one in which Conrad did not make an ass out of himself. Lily laughed. She smiled and punched him once in the shoulder when he said something funny, and she told him how video game magic would work in real life. It was more than great. It was awesome.
But then Lily unlocked the door to her apartment, and they both almost died.
Again.
At the sound of the door opening, Loki woke up from where he’d been sleeping on the couch. He shoved himself upright before his eyes were even open, a giant ball of black fire raging in his hand.
It said something about the eight different kinds of imminent death this asshole had put them through that Conrad ignored the magic show in favor of the fact that the guy looked more like shit than shit.
“Oh,” Loki muttered, the flames melting through his fingers, and relief? Disappointment? Really shouldn’t sound that similar. “Hey, kids.”
And Conrad realized all at once, he was sick of this.
“We talked to June,” he snapped, and yeah, the honeymoon was over. “She said she’ll save your ass if you show up at the Cauldron with us, but if you lost your card, you’re dead.”
He expected a fight. He expected Loki to get mean, threaten him a little, maybe knock him around. At the very least, he expected some reaction. But Loki only sat there, kind of boneless on the couch, like he hadn’t actually gotten up to fight because he couldn’t.
He looked… small. Which was ridiculous, really. He was still the same size—taller than Conrad, at any rate, and decidedly not human. This guy could shift into any shape or body he wanted to. Putting him in a human-suit didn’t make him any less creepy. But he looked empty, somehow. Exhausted.
His shape was slipping, Conrad realized. Loki seemed a lot less human than he’d been yesterday. Angular planes were cropping up in his face. His skull was lengthening somehow, his eyes flashing way too much pupil but with yellow ringing the edges, threatening to change into something else altogether. There was a look in his eyes like he’d been running for his life for a hell of a long time and he was getting closer and closer to the corner—but hey, wait a second. What was with the pity? Pretty sure everyone knew it was his fault to begin with.
Rubbing his temples, Loki shook his head. “You shouldn’t have got June involved.”
“Oh, and then what? We keep doing it your way?” Conrad demanded, because really, pity? This guy dragged him into a war against his will, practically kidnapped him at… at magic-point, and so what if he looked like he’d been a dog’s chew toy sometime in the recent past? That dog was following him to Conrad and Lily both just because Loki couldn’t just suck it up and give back, well, Mimir.
And alright, thinking about the guy as a person made the whole problem a hell of a lot more uncomfortable. Was it still abduction and trafficking if the guy was sort of dead? But no—not the point. Loki was a big boy, wearing big boy pants, and he could damn well deal with his own problems.
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed,” Conrad pressed when Loki didn’t reply, “but you’ve got a big, gaping hole in your side. Your way doesn’t really seem to be working. And also? The birds? Apology not accepted, jackass. They weren’t exactly pissed off pigeons.”
Loki turned, fixed him with his full attention and, wow, okay, now Conrad kind of knew how those decrepit, pinned up butterflies in the museum felt.
Naked and stuck.
“Yeah, I get it. Poor baby had to suffer through a magic trick. It was horrible and scary. Here, let me wipe the snot from your nose,” he snarled, glaring. “Kid, you do not want to see what will happen to the human race if I’m not around.”
“Because you’re doing such a great damn job with us so far?” Conrad shouted, but Loki didn’t care. He didn’t care because he didn’t have to. They were just humans and there would always be more humans. Easy to bully, easier to manipulate into tumbling off the cliff like goddamned lemmings, and something in Conrad snapped.
“You know what? Maybe we should just tell them you’re here.”
Loki snorted.
“Go ahead. That’ll work. And once Thor comes through that door, he’ll kill you, me, and burn down the world for good measure. Damn it, have you even read the Edda?”
“Look—” Lily started, but Conrad barely heard her.
“I read the part where you killed some guy for laughs,” he spat.
And, oh wow. Big damn mistake. Because suddenly Loki was huge—really, terrifyingly big—his runes burning hot blue on exposed skin, looming over him, and Conrad could see decimated battlefields in his eyes.
“Do not,” Loki snarled, “talk to me about Baldr.”
Conrad backed up, but there was nowhere to go. His shoulders hit the wall, hit a wall hook with some kind of tasteful little tapestry thing hanging beside the door, and he was trapped, falling, pinned, dissected, lost in black eyes, and Loki was grinning.
“I loved that boy like a son. It had to be done. Do you want to see why? I can show you the cities he decimated to please dear Daddy. The plagues. The broken, dismantled creatures dragging their entrails behind them, wailing for the god that was killing them. I watched empires fall because that boy wanted Odin’s undivided attention, crushing entire civilizations just to prove he could—don’t you fucking dare tell me I killed some guy for laughs.”
His eyes were closed. Conrad was sure his eyes were closed, squeezed as tightly shut as they could go, but he could see them. He could see the blood and the blackened, broken bodies. And they were still alive, sobbing and praying as Loki killed them one by one, because if he didn’t, they’d go on living like that forever. And he walked through the field, sword in hand, soaked in blood and bile—but they were still screaming, screaming—
“That’s enough.” Lily’s voice broke through the haze of magic like a cool, wet cloth. “Both of you.”
Conrad staggered off, gasping. Tears ran down his cheek and dignity, yeah, but he was crying, okay, because that was awful.
“A bit excessive, don’t you think?” Mimir murmured through the choking noise Conrad was making.
Looking sullen and not nearly apologetic enough, Loki eased back down into the shape he’d been sleeping in.
“No. I’m the only one standing between that and them, and not one of them appreciates it. Don’t tell me how to do my job.”
“And if you were in it for the praise, we’d be worshipping you by now, wouldn’t we?” Lily snapped, and she was actually staring him down. “Sit down and get your shirt off.”
Conrad looked at her like she’d lost her mind and, whoa, yeah, a glance over at Loki and he was looking at her the exact same way.
“What?”
“Sit down. Shirt off. I don’t know what’s under there, but you’re caked with blood. We’re going to the Cauldron tonight—all of us—and the last thing we need is for you to face down Ragnarok going septic.”
Loki pulled a face, the little scars where the stitches had been tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“Gods don’t go septic,” he grumbled, but he was taking off his coat anyway, and what the hell was going on? What kind of Twilight Zone had they fallen into here?
“Yes, well. We’ve already established you’re not a god,” Lily muttered, and after a concerned glance in Conrad’s direction to make sure he wasn’t vomiting blood or anything, she disappeared into the kitchen.
For his part, Conrad barely noticed, just working on getting his breathing back under control. He watched, thinking in, out, in as Loki stripped off the eight thousand layers he was wearing, and yeah, he was a big boy, but that shirt hurt coming off, and it was obvious he was getting to where he could barely lift his arms above his head.
Also, Conrad didn’t realize bruises could turn that color.
Ha-ha, asshole, he thought viciously, followed abruptly by a half-panicked hope Loki could not read thoughts.
“How well does magic work on you when you let it?” Lily asked, emerging from the kitchen.
Loki eased himself gingerly back down onto the couch, abruptly hiding his grimace when she turned the corner. “Well enough, and look, I don’t need you mothering me—”
Lily gave him the Look. “Is that a bite mark?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. And as you can see, I’m—”
“A dog bit you?”
“Yes, alright, and I’m functioning fine.”
“Do you know how much bacteria is in a dog’s mouth? And how much of that bacteria is currently in that giant gaping hole you haven’t cleaned?”
Loki laughed, actually laughed, and leaned back on the couch. “Sweet, merciful Fates. You’re not one of mine at all. You’re Sigyn’s.”
“Yes, well, obviously your wife was a smart woman who had smart children. Now I am going to clean this up and put a little spell on it. Then, you are going to take a shower, and we are going to do something about that rag of a shirt you’re wearing and Neosporin the hell out of your chest.”
“Are we, now?” he asked, grinning, and it looked like he might refuse just for the hell of it. But Lily leveled a glare at him and, yeah, she was human, but suddenly Conrad wasn’t sure that he’d put his money on Loki if it came down to a fight.
“Yes,” she said, pouring alcohol onto her towel. “We are.”

*   *   *

Loki sat at the couch, wet hair sticking up at all angles, clashing magnificently with Conrad’s neon green and mysteriously clean dinosaurs do it from the past T-shirt. For whatever reason, that shirt just tickled the hell out of him and he would not be convinced to wear anything else, having informed them far too cheerfully a moment ago he was keeping it.
Asshole.
“Why is he allowed to wear neon green?” Conrad muttered, opening up a second bag of Cheetos.
“Because she expects it from me.” Loki smiled, smug as… as an entirely too smug thing. “Also, because she can’t erase me from existence.”
Lily sighed and looked at the ceiling. “Tell us what we’re walking into,” she said. “I heard the Cauldron was neutral ground, but this seems a little weird.”
Loki shrugged, eyeing the pack of Mountain Dew at Conrad’s hip.
“Depends on what you mean by neutral ground. If you’re a little witch, meeting a little witch, sure. No one messes with you if you’re boring. But if you’re a big witch, screwing around with gods?” He shrugged again. “The Fates own it and they run it like a soap opera. If you make an interesting character, it stops being neutral ground.”
Conrad’s admittedly fragile Happy shattered in a rainbow of cheese crumbs. “You mean we’re walking into a trap?”
Loki laughed. “Are you kidding? Of course we’re walking into a trap. June hates my guts. She hates my kids’ guts. If she could do it herself, she’d have killed me ages ago.”
“But she can’t?” he insisted.
One of the Mountain Dews crossed the room on its own to jump up onto the couch next to an incredibly smug chaos god.
“Not unless she got her eye back. And I’m not naming names, or anything, but a cunning and dashingly handsome friend of yours happened to… borrow it a few years ago and has yet to return it.”
Conrad felt his irritation with life, the universe, and everything creeping up on him and forced it back down again. On her side of the couch, Lily looked awfully serene. He admired her for it. Life would be so much easier if he could just hunker down in thought and stare off into space with that cute I am thinking very hard face.
Except Conrad did not have a cute I am thinking very hard face. He only looked sort of like a creeper when he was deep in thought. Though granted, his thoughts tended to be decidedly un-serene, most of them along the lines of: any god who is listening to me—Mimir, you do not count—please give me a flaming sword to stab this jerk with, amen.
“Okay, well,” Conrad said at last, thinking his very best calm thoughts. “How much time do we have before those birds come back to eat us?”
“Fourteen days,” Loki answered, and he was being totally serious for once, thank some god who wasn’t Norse. “I killed them. Well, actually, I tricked Garm into eating them. Odin will put them back together, but it’ll take a fortnight or so to get them up and running again.”
And hey, that was somewhat comforting. At least he hadn’t totally abandoned them when he’d run off. He’d actually been doing something to save them. Sort of taking care of them, in his own warped way.
Conrad leaned back on the air mattress, eyeing the bandages beneath Loki’s stolen shirt. The guy was a real jerk, graduated top of his class with a major in General Assholery, but he’d gotten that bite mark before the birds had shown up. He’d played chew toy for an incredibly vicious dog, barely escaping with all his organs intact, and had gone right back to take a second shot at disemboweling him.
For them. To keep Vinnie and Guido from eating their eyeballs.
Well, in a roundabout sort of way. After all, the birds would probably have gotten to their eyeballs long before Garm got to them. And Loki’s disappearing act sure didn’t help his whole questing hero thing. So Conrad’s psyche could go ahead and knock off the guilt trip already. Loki had only ever been in it to save his own ass. End of story.
“So what are we looking at, going to the Cauldron tonight?” Lily asked at last, having apparently mulled the matter over while Conrad concerned himself with deciding whether he and Loki were BFFs or not. And yeah, this was why she was the brains of their impromptu operation. “She said not to embarrass her in front of her sisters. Plural. So we know all three will be there. And she made sure to specify we come through the back door. Why?”
Loki shrugged, scratching at his bandages and ignoring Lily’s resulting glare with skill that had to come from long practice.
“Back door is for the leading actors in their little soap opera. So the kids playing dress up don’t muddle the entrances. It’s situated in an alleyway between Elsewhere and Underground. Would be the perfect spot for an ambush if they’ve all decided the treaty doesn’t include me.”
“But you’re so charming,” Conrad muttered, returning to his Cheetos. “Why would they do that?”
“So alright,” Lily said, nodding. “There’s an ambush. And she’s probably told everyone you’re going to be there.”
Conrad looked up, a thought occurring to him. “She was really keen on you having your card. Do you have your card?”
Loki shrugged, crunching the now empty pop bottle. “That’s the thing. I never had a card. They melt around me.”
“Melt? What are you, toxic?”
Grinning, Loki stole another Mountain Dew. “Kid, I run on chaos. I’d fuck with Excalibur, let alone enchanted paper.”
“Are you sure we should go tonight?” Lily asked.
“Yes.”
“Into the ambush?” Conrad insisted.
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Because they’re not expecting that,” he said and grinned, managing somehow to sprawl over most of the couch without appearing to move. “She’s invited a few people, sure. Elder might be there. He’s just a human hopped up on magic apples, though. Pretty much expendable. Hod’s probably who they got, though knowing him he’ll just watch.”
Lily frowned. “He’s blind.”
“Doesn’t mean he can’t see.” Loki grinned at the look on her face. “You get old, you learn a few tricks. He’s also usually on my side. The others don’t know that. I’d bet money he’s there, but probably also with a plan of his own, so no telling how useful he’ll be.”
“So we’ve got a magical human and someone who may or may not be your friend,” Conrad summed up with far too obvious relief. “That doesn’t sound too bad.”
Except that suddenly Loki looked far too shifty. “Oh yeah,” he said. “And probably Thor.”
And lo, almost certain death reared its head again.
“Never mind,” Conrad muttered and laid down to better nurse his throbbing sense of self-preservation. “That sounds bad.”
“Wanna know what sounds worse?” Loki asked, like some kind of cheerful death gnome. “Right now, June is tracking down which computer talked to her and sending the rest of everyone who wants me dead down here. So we’ve got to leave in about… oh, fifteen minutes or we’ll meet up with the welcome party.”
Languishing on the air mattress, Conrad offered up a weak, “I hate you.”
“Wait,” Lily said and turned to face Loki. “You were Odin’s blood brother. So you were more or less an uncle to all his boys, weren’t you?”
Conrad sat up with a jolt, trying to send Lily don’t talk about Odin’s kids beams, except Loki didn’t look like he was about to fix her with his battlefield stare. He didn’t look like he was about to do anything, just looked kind of amused.
Lily chuckled, shaking her head. “Your plan is to go in there, charm Odin’s kids back on your side, and wait for the others who are looking for you to show up, isn’t it?”
“Got it in one,” Loki said, looking far too smug for comfort.
“Alright, then what approximately are the odds of us all getting killed?” she asked.
“Very good, actually.”
And normally that would have freaked Conrad right out, but there was something in the way he said it—and no, no there it was, his lips were twitching.
“Hold on,” Conrad interrupted and, okay, he wasn’t very good at this whole Norse mythology thing, but if he could see the giant plot hole right here, there was something seriously wrong. “Doesn’t your daughter run the underworld? If we died, she could just punt us all back up. No harm, no foul.”
Loki grinned. “Yes…?”
“So how exactly do they expect to kill you—you know what, no. Never mind,” Conrad said and stood, brushing the crumbs off his pants. “I do not want to know. Whatever. Let’s do this.”
An honest, pleased smile that was hardly creepy at all crossed Loki’s face and, wow, okay, he wasn’t nearly so bad when he looked like that.
“Great,” he said and pushed himself up off the couch. “But give me a second, kids. I need to do my makeup.”
“What?” Lily asked, and thank god she was asking it because Conrad wanted to know about as much as he did not want to have the conversation he knew was coming.
“I’m going as a woman.”
“Why?”
Loki sniggered, and way to dive head first right back into creepy.
“For some reason, they never expect that.”

*   *   *

After waiting an uncomfortable half hour in a line, during which Conrad mostly tried not to stare at the locals and dread the creeping apocalypse, they finally slipped inside the front doors. Well, Conrad slipped, at any rate, sort of easing his way past the doorman who obviously had some kind of troll squatting in the not to recent past of his family tree. Loki sauntered in, hand in hand with Lily and her sunshine draped over both of them so any magically inclined watchers wouldn’t spot his giant swirling abyss of an aura right off.
They were pretending to be lovers—newlyweds, even—both of them ungodly chipper, arm in arm, and every now and then one would lean into the other and usually Lily would end up laughing. Conrad didn’t want to know why, and he certainly did not want to explore the riotous conflict going on in his stomach region. He just wasn’t going to think of it.
Maybe it was jealousy. Probably, it was jealousy. Or something really similar. Lily was gorgeous, after all, especially right this second, and it didn’t help that she was kind of flirting with Loki.
He was jealous. Absolutely. Because he didn’t find the god of chaos kind of hot right now, not at all, not even considering the incredibly attractive body he’d shifted into, no. No. No, no, and no. That way lay madness, and he did not have an invitation.
Considering the already tenuous grip he had on his mental health just now, it was probably better to stare at the locals. Some of these people looked like cosplayers. Except, you know, cosplayers who were beyond serious, and even then there was something off about them. Most of them looked harried. Like, finally off work after a long day of slaying something big and deadly type of harried. Kind of weathered. Weathered was a good word for it. Especially as the stains on what cloaks he could spot through the crowd were kind of… questionable.
Of course, some normal-ish people meandered through the dimly lit smokescreen of the Cauldron. But normal-ish wasn’t saying much. They looked his age, sure, but even unmagical Conrad could tell they were much, much older than any human had a right to be, and it creeped him the hell out.
A woman brushed past, trailed her fingers down his arm and managed to turn him around with a feather light touch. Conrad followed without thinking, caught in the heartbreak of her face. Unspeakably, painfully beautiful, smoke coiled from her lips natural as breathing, no cigarette required. When she smiled at him, a smoke ring twined out like a living hand, caressing the skin of his cheek while something strange burned in her eyes, jarring behind the beauty.
Conrad knew enough from Lily’s en route briefing on glamour magic to know Not Good when he ran smack into it. But Loki had been just as insistent on show fear and you’ll be eaten alive, and Conrad still wasn’t sure that had been a metaphor, so he just stood where he was, watching her, watching him. At last the woman snorted.
“Chaotic, eh?” She sounded kind of like she enjoyed gargling broken glass and, wait, hold on a second, hadn’t she been gorgeous? “Too stringy for me. But watch out for the sirens, darling. They’ll be dying to gobble you up.”
And then she drifted off, more smoke than woman—and an actually quite ugly woman at that, leaving Conrad bewildered and quite a bit behind the others. They hadn’t gotten far. Lily’s sunshine was just bright enough to follow her by, but this afterhours ComiCon of horrors dirtied it, somehow. She looked… ordinary here. And seeing as how people on the street did not randomly try to outshine the sun, this place was weird as hell.
Sidling through a throng of people, Conrad crossed the floor to stand by Lily. She and Loki scanned the crowd as it mulled around them, shock still in the middle of the seethe.
“Are we looking for Fates?” Conrad ventured after a long moment, looking around at the pretty much standard bunch of weird shit connoisseurs.
“We’re looking for Hod,” Lily whispered, just loud enough to be heard. “The Fates are manning the bar. Don’t look directly at them. They might feel you.”
And, okay, somehow that wasn’t as weird as the strange needle-toothed hideously beautiful woman who’d just tried to bedazzle and eat him. Conrad could actually do this. He was the king of strange things.
Sort of sliding his gaze over toward the bar, Conrad discovered abruptly that no, he really wasn’t the king of strange things. Even just a glance had him spinning, his head a sea of ice.
All three Fates lined the bar. Two wore dresses from the twenties. As in, directly from the twenties, brand new, no duty paid and let’s skip that nasty business of the ninety years between. They should have been gorgeous—like a Michelangelo fresh from the block, new and shining. But Conrad looked at them and felt only terror, like a rabbit in the shadow of circling owls. Even the one without makeup scared him, and she only sat sulking at the end of the bar in an overlarge hoodie with something suspiciously ice-cream-shaped in her lap.
Bizarrely, her ice cream broke Conrad’s quiet haze of fear. He realized they were all doing pretty normal things, actually. The one ate ice cream and glared, another typed into her laptop and glared, and the last tended bar and glared. One big, furious family.
Very delicately, Conrad looked away.
“So Hod,” he said. “How will we know when we see him?”
“Probably won’t,” Loki said, winking at something Tinker Bell shaped in a tutu and mohawk. “Not unless he wants to be seen, at any rate. Rule of thumb, though, if anyone looks this way and gets too intent, run.”
Conrad rolled his eyes. “You know, it’s really great you’re so popular.”
How in the hell were they supposed to pick out gods who could look like anything in a crowd of this many milling oddities? Half of them were giving Loki the eye, a third of that half giving him a very intent eye, if sexual combustibility counted for intent—and actually, Loki didn’t make that bad of a girl. Somehow, the torn coat and neon shirt looked like a fashion statement with boobs underneath. Better than the blood-soaked disheveled accident he had been, anyway, and speaking of boobs, Conrad’s shirt looked pretty good on…
Loki caught him staring and winked. “What? Wanna hold my hand, too?”
Pulling a face, Conrad busied himself with finding the Waldo of the magical world and not blushing.
Chaos gods were so weird.
“How’s your stomach?” Lily murmured. Something in the way she said it made Conrad pay attention.
“Holding together, sweetheart.”
“Good. Look.”
Without his quite noticing, Lily cast some kind of a spell. He didn’t see it, but he could feel it tugging at his jaw in a decidedly Lily-like way, pulling his head toward the far corner of the room. Out of the way of the overenthusiastic crowd of mages and Fate fans, an ordinary looking man sat reading his book.
Considering the bar’s other occupants, this man was downright bizarre. With all the shimmering wings and magical mists, here this guy sat, so milquetoast that wallpaper looked interesting in comparison. Brown hair, glasses, tweed. Kind of like Conrad’s history professor, actually, and wait—
No.
Not just kind of—that was Conrad’s history professor.
And in his sudden, blinding panic, Conrad totally missed the gigantic man-eating wolf lying under the table.
“Are you okay?” Lily asked, pressing a gentle hand to his arm.
“That’s Dr. Hothe.”
“What?”
“He teaches history. I know him.” The shock of it tumbled out all at once and Conrad knew he was babbling in a distant sort of way, but he couldn’t even hear himself think. “He likes my papers and we talk about stuff, and he’s a totally cool guy, but if someone tells me he is not human I swear to all the gods currently in this building—and I bet there is a ton the way my life has been going—that the universe will implode on itself through sheer improbability.”
“Oh, stop sniveling,” Mimir sighed. “It’s hardly that bad. Do you realize how many old, outmoded gods there are lying about? Odds would stand that you’d know at least one.”
Loki sniggered. “So that’s what Hod’s been doing. College girls.”
“He’s wearing glasses. Is that the trick?” Lily arched an eyebrow. “The trick you learn when you get to be old and powerful? Glasses?”
“Did I say it was impressive? I distinctly do not remember saying it was impressive. And they are enchanted, thanks very much.”
“Is that a wolf?” Conrad most definitely did not squeak.
“Mm. Hey, kids? What do you think the odds are that Fenris’ll want to kill me today?”
“That’s your son?” Lily asked, suddenly as pale as Conrad—and that was especially un-good because she was the one with the firepower, and anyway a dragon burnt down her garage.
Compared to that, a big dog with many pointed teeth was nothing.
“Yeah. What? Doesn’t he have my dashing good looks?”
Lily turned to look at him—her?—Loki. “If that’s Fenriswolf, where’s Jormungand?”
Oh. Right. The giant serpent meant to swallow the world. Yeah. That was a totally legitimate worry. But Loki smiled in a way that was actually comforting and squeezed her hand.
“He’s a pacifist and happily courting a series of migrating whales in the Atlantic Ocean. You will never see him.” And then, as if he wasn’t announcing his intention to pester an ancient force of the universe, “Let’s go see Hod.”
Loki and Lily strode through the crowd like a happy couple, their locked hands swinging, Conrad trailing miserably behind. And Loki was good at being a woman because there was no way in hell in a million years that, had this previous week not happened, Conrad would have ever, ever guessed that this actually really kind of attractive woman could turn into a hairy, seven-foot-tall giant covered in magic tattoos.
Professor Hothe looked up from his novel as they approached, eyeing them over horn-rimmed glasses, just like he would have done had anyone come barging into his office. He wasn’t a god. He couldn’t be. He was just… just so human.
“Hello, Conrad,” he greeted pleasantly. And then, watching Loki and Lily, which, hey, didn’t the whole glowing thing strike him as weird? “I was wondering when you’d show up.”
Under the table, the wolf lifted his head. “About time, too. Been here hours, and all the food is cooked,” he said, and his mouth moved real stiff, like the creepiest damn animatronic ever, and kind of sounding like a New Jersey cop with a pack a day habit.
Loki grinned and sat down, reaching under the table to scratch his chin.
“I’ll take you out for dodo when this is finished.”
“You’d better,” the creature grumbled. “You owe me big.”
Oh god.
No, wait, cancel that order. No more gods. No more gods ever, at all.
Conrad took the seat between Lily and Hothe in a way that absolutely was not his knees buckling out from under him. Of course, Lily might have suspected that was the case because she reached under the table to hold his hand and that was sweet of her. Would have been sweeter if she wasn’t holding Loki’s hand on top of the table to keep his aura from giving them all away to the mercy of the Fates, but hey, he’d take what he could get at this point.
“Great to see you again, Hod,” Loki purred. “You know I missed you.”
Was he… he’s flirting. Loki was flirting with his history professor, shaped like a woman who, given any other set of circumstances, he would have happily drooled over—and oh yeah his history professor was also a god. Conrad started to think he should be getting used to this sort of thing by now, but no. No, still thoroughly disturbing.
 Hothe shot Loki the bland you are disrupting my class, isn’t that strange look he was known for on campus and, carefully marking his page, eased the book shut.
“Your shirt seems familiar. Stealing clothing again, Loki? I thought we broke you of that habit.”
“Really? I’m hardly even housebroken. You know you can’t teach me manners.”
“So it seems,” he said and leaned back, one hand casually covering the title of the book.
Except Conrad knew that book. He’d been in and out his office for years, and that book—that particular book—was the only one that never saw a shelf, always lying somewhere around the room, and how many times had he picked it up and flipped through it, waiting for some meeting or another to end? He could recognize those battered, dog-eared pages in his sleep.
Conrad felt cold, way down in his hollow chocolate center.
Hothe had the Edda.
“You’ve walked into something of a trap, you know,” he continued blithely. “I’m supposed to keep you in the building long enough for June to have her intervention.”
Loki snorted. “Her what now?”
How many of these people wandering the crowds were gods, Conrad wondered? How many came from somewhere else, where their cloaks and decidedly un-cardboard swords were the norm? Where this sort of magic was mundane as science and computers?
And Professor Hothe was Hod.
Wow. Okay. He helped murder his own brother, which really put a damper on the whole family advice thing he’d given Conrad once, but at least it explained why he’d been totally awkward while doing it.
“They think June ‘just needs to learn how to quit you,’ I believe it was,” he said, his distain marking the air quotes, and, no, wait, back up—his history professor murdered his brother once upon a time, but now he wore tweed and gave Conrad actually pretty sound advice—and why was he reading the Edda anyway? Was it like some kind of family photo album for him? Did he like to read about his brother over and over again? Or was he looking for a prophecy, some kind of trick or spell or something normal people couldn’t see in the words that were there, because otherwise the world would go to seed around them—and ohthankgod a waitress.
The waitress approached the table like a death trap, the look on her face a cross between I do not get paid enough and I will miss my arms when they are ripped from my body. Way to make Conrad feel all nice and cozy, sitting between two gods, a witch, and a wolf, because he’d really been trying to start thinking of this as a normal night out but, oh look, yet another glowing person. There went that plan.
While Conrad dealt with his shell shock, the others ordered. Loki managed to do so with a minimum of leering and general creepiness, which was something of an improvement. Squeezing his hand, Lily ordered something that sounded like it had apple juice in it with a smile and a pointed look—hey, wow, she was trying to make him feel better, the saint.
All he wanted was a nice, normal beer for the nice, normal occasion it would be if he had to reimagine the whole event, which he relayed to the nice, normal waitress who still looked as though she were waiting to combust at any moment.
And generally speaking, the nice, normal waitress would nod and go away to return later with sustenance, only now she fixed him with the eye like the life choices that led her to waitressing were all his fault and said, “Can I see some ID?”
For a minute, Conrad thought she wanted to see the invitation card. But no, she hadn’t asked for the others’ and he was obviously not the one leading this little parade of madness. She was really, totally carding him.
Of course.
Making a face, Conrad extracted his hand from Lily’s to dig for his wallet. He couldn’t blame the waitress, really. They were both the same level of normal, dodging people who looked like they didn’t leave the house without a spell scroll or eight, getting drink orders from a couple of glowing women, an otherwise very normal man babysitting a wolf, and a college kid.
If he were her, he’d card the college kid too.
“So do they have any idea where Mimir is?” Loki asked when the woman had left, shifting a little to better ogle her retreat.
Hothe gave him a look that usually involved late papers. “You have him.”
Loki flashed a smile on the whole other side of comforting.
“Yes, of course I do,” he said, leaning forward. “Where are the others?”
“Loki.” And yup, there it was. The you really do not expect me to give you actual credit for this drivel, do you look.
Loki stared back at him. His stare was not nearly as complex. Mostly, his stare said yes, shut up. Conrad watched the stare come pretty close to working and, holy crap, if he could learn that look, majoring in history would be a hell of a lot easier. But at last, Hothe’s stare won out because the man wasn’t human—except, crap, he literally wasn’t and, oh god, Conrad felt nauseous, watching Loki duck his stare and turn to find a waitress to watch instead.
“I know exactly where he is at, thanks very much,” he announced, grinning at the waitress as she returned with their drinks.
“Oh?” Hothe asked, doing the eyebrow thing he was so good at. “Well, the others are petitioning the Collective Consciousness of Elsewhere and the King of the Underground to agree to stop protecting you for the express purpose of retrieving Mimir.”
“How’s that going, then?”
“A surprising, spectacular failure. Apparently you do have friends,” he said, and the slightest edge of a smile twitched at his thin lips. “We were all quite shocked.”
As fascinating as their banter was, Conrad found his attention drawn back to the bar like a snare trap at the flurry of voices hissing vaguely unfriendly things like him and disembowel. Conrad found himself transfixed in a way that meant scared shitless as three terrifying pairs of eyes fixed on their table, while three equally terrifying sets of admittedly very nice legs removed their owners from assorted barstools.
“Oh fudge,” Lily whispered, and Conrad sort of wondered if she was squeezing Loki’s hand as hard as she was holding his. “That plan you sort of implied having, Loki? I really hope you weren’t lying.”
Loki chuckled in a way that was not nearly comforting. “I wasn’t lying, exactly…”
Hothe sighed. “And so it begins,” he murmured, doing something with his hand, and suddenly Conrad felt his skin tingle.
“What did you…” Conrad started, but faced with three Fates, two gods, a witch, and a wolf, he decided he was probably better off not knowing.
“Protection spell,” Hothe answered. “I thought you’d appreciate the extra buffer.”
Seeing the Fates now halfway across the bar, Conrad nodded. It didn’t feel like Lily’s sunlight—more like a solid steel plate between him and the oncoming wreckage of his life—and he didn’t really think either one would help him if the Fates were determined to shred his soul to bits or something, but he felt better knowing that at least two people cared that he didn’t end up food for the Powers That Be.
“Thanks,” he croaked, and he was grateful, sure, but those women were booking it across the room, the two flappers dragging behind them the sullen third, and almost to the table now.
Hothe smiled, giving his shoulder a squeeze and, hey, did helping Loki mean he got As forever, because he kind of doubted it, but it’d be super nice.
Under the table, Lily squeezed his hand and sunlight went shooting up his arm. Which, hey, Hothe and a really pretty girl he just met who nevertheless put up spectacularly with the shit seemingly attracted to him like some kind of shit magnet were both together on the whole Conrad’s a pretty cool dude, how about we keep him alive thing, which was great. He was in the middle of a bubble of love and fuck off, Fates and, hey, alright. Bring on the women that ruled the universe.
Except, you know, so long as they were angry at Loki.
The two Fates from the twenties stopped in front of the table, glowering at Loki with their hands planted on their sparkling hips. And yeah, there was no hiding that these… things were Big Trouble with capital letters and possibly a hyphen or eight. They looked human, sure, but in the way airbrushed, photoshopped models looked human: big black eyes, rogue, and pouting lips. Only now those porcelain mask people were 3D—Destruction, Dismemberment, and Death—and horribly real in a way those magazine covers were never meant to be.
Know what? Screw dignity. Conrad shrank back as far into the plush leather seats as he could go. Lily was glowing bright enough to beat a star, and there was something like fire hissing over the professor’s visible skin, but Conrad only had what he was sharing. Sure, they were shielding him, and seeing how one was a god, the wards might even take them into the second round of celestial ass-kicking, but these creatures? Yeah, once upon a time, these creatures had made the gods.
“Hello, May. April,” Loki greeted. He turned, smiling at the last Fate, bringing up the rear in a cloud of sullenness, and said with actual fondness, “Hey, June.”
For a second, June looked like she might spit at him. Ethereal as the others, she seemed the safer bet, even glaring daggers, with her arms locked over the front of her Macbeth University hoodie. Exactly which eye had Loki been talking about, Conrad wondered? Because there were six black eyes fixed and glaring at the lot of them, not a one missing, and Conrad really, really hoped that didn’t mean they were all going to die.
Lily squeezed his hand again. Or maybe Conrad squeezed hers. It wasn’t really possible to separate whose death grip was causing the bones in their hands to creak.
“Your clever little charms won’t work on her anymore,” April announced, smiling nastily, with a voice like church bells breaking.
May picked up where she’d left off, a separate body but the same thoroughly terrifying voice, “We’ve warded her. Your manipulation is unacceptable.”
“She won’t stand for it anymore,” April continued, and they were bookending sullen June, celestial linebackers in antique satin. “She is beautiful and intelligent. Any man here would eat his own intestines to bask a second in her glow.”
Sullen June was not glowing. Sullen June was, in fact, doing the very opposite of glowing and seemed to be sucking all the light from the room, her lips pursed so tightly they could cut diamonds.
Conrad caught the expression on Loki’s face and, for a terrifying moment, thought he was going to mention just that. But before he could start, the sisters surged, rearranging themselves somehow without really moving, and now June was in the forefront.
“Tell him you are complete in yourself, June,” May hummed.
In a flash, Loki was on his feet, still a woman, but towering over them, teeth bared, and Conrad wouldn’t have put money down on either of them in a bet, he’d have gotten the hell out of that arena before the whole place went up in flames, but, oh look, here he still was.
“Of course she is,” he snapped, looming over the flappers and, wait, what? “You saying she’s damaged?”
Conrad glanced at Hothe, hoping that he would know what the hell was going on, but he only shrugged, as irritated as Conrad had ever seen. But they weren’t dead, which was a big plus. And apparently the flappers didn’t know what to make of Loki either.
June was smiling now, insofar as you could call a twitch at the edge of her scowl a smile, while her sisters looked past her at each other and rearranged themselves in front again.
“You are unworthy of her,” April insisted, flustered.
“She is more powerful than you can hope to be,” May followed, fast enough to step on her sister’s line.
“Hell yeah, she is,” Loki said, like he was defending June, when June and her sisters were standing there with who knew how many plans in the works to kill him and, holy shit, it was working. “And you need to back the hell off of her.”
Disgruntled, April and May glared at each other. “We?”
“You parade her around like some vapid, empty-headed little sweetheart without the gray matter to make up her own damn mind, and you have the balls to tell me she’s perfect?”
And holy shit. He was getting all angry boyfriend on them. He’d just turned the situation around one hundred freaked-out percent and the flappers didn’t know what to do about it. The looks they shot each other made it obvious this was not at all what they’d signed up for. But June’s scowl was somewhat closer to a smile, and suddenly Conrad felt their messy, impending deaths had just been averted.
“You do not appreciate her,” May decided at last. “Your charm is a spider’s web. Weak, but dangerous.”
“You wanna talk about appreciation?” Loki glared, leaning forward, and no, he really didn’t understand personal space at all. “I’ll—”
“Oh, by the Tree, shut up.”
Startled, the flapper sisters and Loki stopped just short of launching into a magical catfight and turned to look at June. But while Loki looked shocked and almost distressed, Conrad had known him just long enough to tell, even as a woman, he was oozing smug.
Beside him, Lily caught his eye and mouthed, “We’re doomed.”
Apparently, she’d seen it too.
Loki grinned, seeping with as much charm as he possibly could to cover the smug leakage.
Oh yeah. They were doomed.
“The goddess speaks,” he purred.
June fixed him with a stare. “I will deck you.”
“Understood.” Loki nodded and shut up, but the grin really didn’t help the odds of their survival any.
“June—” May started.
June glared at her sister, digging in her hoodie pocket for a pack of cigarettes.
“No, you shut up, too. I told you this was a stupid idea, and hey, guess what? It’s a stupid idea.”
April shook her head with an insistent you are my sister and I love you, but you are also an idiot look.
“He is manipulating you for his own purposes… and a Jotun.” She added the last in a way that made it sound like sheep molester.
“Yeah, he’s a shit. I’m not exactly surprised. He was a shit the day Odin brought him home, and he’s a bigger shit now.”
Loki grinned. “It’s why you love me.”
June fixed him with a look so far from loving it could probably set something on fire.
“You are a pus-oozing leper not fit to lick my vomit. We are so not a couple, Loki, and I still intend on killing you as soon as I find my eye,” she snapped. And then, softening, “Which is why I’m going to tell you this.”
Identical looks of sullen alarm flashed across her sisters’ faces. One of them started to speak. June turned and a three-way staring contest started. Conrad kind of wondered if they were having a telepathic argument. He just as strongly did not want to know.
“You’re a doll, June-bug,” Loki offered, charm on full wattage.
Her sisters cringed. June glowered.
“Thor and Freyr will be here in less than a half hour to collect you,” she said, turning her full, probably very unhealthy attention back on Loki. “Hod was supposed to steal your humans and take them back to Odin, but apparently he hasn’t, so you’re ahead of the game. If I were you, I’d throw yourself on their mercy. Because I can promise you, what I’m planning on doing to you will be much, much worse.”
She smiled. Conrad wanted to hide under the table, wolf or no. Hell, given the choice, he’d hide under the wolf.
“But in the meantime, give me a call and we can fuck.”
Loki winked at her, slipping back into his man-shape and, great, there went his shirt’s elasticity. “Will do.”
June just shook her head, turning to go, the look on her face a complicated mix of loathing and fondness. “Keep the tits,” she said, and then, over her shoulder. “And bring handcuffs.”
Laughing, Loki settled back down into his seat and watched the Fates return to the bar, arguing amongst themselves. “I think that went pretty well.”
Hothe watched him, one eyebrow perfectly raised, and gestured to the lump of ohthankgodstillalive he and Lily had melted into in a way Conrad assumed meant in front of the children again, you pervert? Which he was almost grateful for, but knowing gods, it could mean something else entirely and, oh yeah, speaking of which, the whole history-professor-sent-to-kidnap-him thing. There was still that.
“So are you a bigger fan of our continued survival or your father?” Conrad ventured. “Because, no offense or anything, but I’m really tired of running from people who want to kill me because of this asshole.”
The professor pulled a sour face, reaching under the table to scratch Fenris’s ears. “I’ve never really agreed with my father. Humans are… fascinating creatures, capable of great things. I don’t approve of his scorched-earth tactics.” He smiled slightly, meeting Conrad’s eyes. “Also, someone needs to look after you while Loki’s busy aggravating those who want to kill him.”
And, aw, hey, way to be a pretty decent guy. A guardian god who was also his college advisor? He could do worse. Dissertation was going to be a bitch, because after all this, it wasn’t likely Hothe was going to buy any of his usual excuses for slacking, but hey, at least he’d survive to see his dissertation.
“What would you say my chances of er… needing looking after are, exactly?”
He smiled. It was not a pleasant smile. “My father will want to crack open your head like a clam and wrench Mimir out by force.”
Already shaking hand halfway to her drink, Lily froze. “I thought he was supposed to be subtle? A politician type.”
“No one keeps their temper long where Loki is concerned.”
For his part, Loki grinned, looking like an imp who’d managed to steal a halo but couldn’t quite figure out which way it went. “You always manage.”
Hothe looked at him.
“Are we waiting for a god or two to show up?” Fenris grumbled from under the table. “I haven’t eaten god in a while.”
And then Conrad felt a big, big furry head settle on his knee.
“Hey, kid. Scratch my ear or I’ll bite you.”
Lily giggled. Conrad wondered if the stress was finally getting to her. “Come here. I’ll scratch you.”
The wolf chuckled. “You can scratch me any day, baby.”
Hothe looked vaguely disgusted. Conrad imagined he looked pretty much the same way. For his part, Loki only looked amused.
“Whore,” he said, downing whatever noxious concoction he’d ordered in one go.
“Oh yes,” Hothe drawled, a smile twitching at the corner of his mouth. “Do make comments about your son’s sexual perversions.”
Grinning, Loki shrugged, the stitch scars gleaming on his lips again. Before he could say anything too disturbing that would stick in Conrad’s head for the next three million years, he ventured, “So the gods coming this way to pry my head open? I’d like to avoid that, if at all possible.”
“Works for me,” Loki said and then, calling across the bar, “Hey, June-bug? Do you think you could separate them for me?”
She gave him the finger. Loki smiled and blew her a kiss.
“She’s crazy about me,” he said, turning back.
Hothe chuckled. “She’s crazy about a nice spike with your head on it.”
“That too. She’ll still do it, though. Wants to kill me herself too badly to let some amateur get me,” he said and stood. “She won’t be able to distract Thor with tactics and politics. Which means we’ve got about ten minutes to get to the other side of town.”
Lily looked at Conrad. Conrad looked back. What, did she think he understood the way Loki’s mind worked or something? He was just along for the ride because he’d been hijacked by a god parasite.
“What’s on the other side of town?” she asked, taking tip money out of her tiny purse.
Loki grinned. “Monster trucks.”
Conrad felt like throwing up.

*   *   *

So between two gods it was apparently possible to instant-transport said two gods, two college kids, and a wolf with an itchy ear. And Conrad was nauseous before because the whole crack your skull open but don’t worry you’ll be fine hopefully thing wasn’t really sitting well with his stomach, but he was pretty sure that somewhere in this instant transport thing, someone Loki-shaped had forgotten to put all his organs back in the right spots.
Trying not to vomit up beer and bar snacks next to a sign for a really weird-sounding monster truck rally, Conrad stood very still and willed the world to stop spinning. He watched Lily out of the corner of his eye, because she was normal and not spinning, and if she puked up her organs, he’d get to hold her hair. But she looked alright. Pale, but alright, sitting very still at the base of the sign and, hey, she’d probably done this before, so Conrad joined her in the patch of worn-out, yellow grass, looking at the CONSOL Energy Center looming across the way.
Alert, but wary, Fenris padded over and settled between them, staring out into the semi-lit parking lot. The cars sulked in shadow, painfully normal after the day they’d been having. Off in the distance, Conrad could sort of see a guy skulking around, probably waiting for someone to mug, seeing as how the parking lot was mostly only lit by the floodlights from the rally area in the far distance.
For a second, he wondered if this was some god or another who found them already and was about to tear them apart. But no, judging by the look of what the…? on the guy’s face as he regarded the sudden arrival of two gods, two college kids and a wolf, he was probably pretty normal. He was also headed quite determinedly in the other direction.
Conrad kind of missed him. Even a would-be mugger was better than this.
“What exactly is your plan?” Hothe asked, running fingers through his hair.
Loki shrugged. “We wait.”
“For someone to show up and pry my head open?” Conrad muttered. “Great plan.”
“I expect that is precisely what we are waiting for.” Hothe fixed Conrad’s head with a dangerous look. “Perhaps Mimir could offer a less dangerous plan?”
It was not a question. In that moment, Conrad suspected he could see the family resemblance.
“Mimir is paying Loki an extravagant amount for the express privilege of not offering a less dangerous plan to anyone ever again,” the voice woke long enough to grumble. “Bugger off.”
Glaring, Lily turned to look at Conrad, and he knew it was Mimir she was glaring at and sort of glowing in a threatening way, but, whoa, hey, it’d be nice if she’d stop pointing that kind of firepower at the guy actually housing the sarcastic British geezer.
“Mimir is going back into the well if Mimir doesn’t keep us from getting killed,” she snarled.
Loki paused from where he’d been circling a car, and Conrad kind of wondered if he’d been thinking about stealing it. Because that was just what they needed, actually. To be pulled over by the cops in a stolen car, a weirdo, a history professor with a wolf, and two college kids. The officers would totally believe that they were gods and chosen ones on the run from other gods.
“Play nice, kids. Mimir’s an asshole, but that doesn’t mean anyone’s getting killed.”
“No, but someone most definitely is getting banished back into the well if this doesn’t stop,” Lily snarled and stood. She was a bit shaky, but her eyes were dark as light flickered along her skin. “You may play in the big leagues, Loki, but I play dirty. And I am sick and tired of running headlong into certain death for you. I want a solid plan, now.”
And, whoa, whoa, hey, suicide alert!
Conrad jolted to his feet. He didn’t know what the hell he was going to do. Let’s be honest here, he wasn’t good for much as far as magic went. But whatever Loki wanted to do to Lily, he was damn sure going to get between it and her and, wow, pretty heroic of him, actually. They should make a movie about him or something, after they finished chipping his fried and liquefied corpse off the Monster Guts sign.
But Loki only smiled, a sort of impressed look in his eyes, and Conrad’s Not Good alarms flashed like mad.
“You’re tired?” he asked, and his voice was gentle. Kind of like razor blades in a pile of baby blankets.
“She’s got a point,” Conrad snapped, because the You Don’t Know What I Do For You lecture was a doozy and Lily really didn’t need the nightmares that would have him wetting the bed until he turned forty. “You shanghaied us into—into whatever the hell this is that you have shanghaied us into. I’m carrying a really irritating parasite of an old dude around that everybody in Asgard apparently wants to crack open my skull for, but all they know is that you, me, or Lily might have it. Well, hey, guess what? If you haven’t noticed, me and Lily are the easier targets.”
To the left of them, Hothe shot Conrad a look that said shut up. But it also said I know. And, okay, whatever—if he was so great and kind and sympathetic, why wasn’t he helping?
“Stop it! Just stop,” Conrad snarled, and his brain-mouth filter wasn’t just busted, it was working in reverse. “You are not on my side. You’re just going along with this like it’s some kind of fantastic parade.”
He should shut up. He should. But so what if Loki was tired? Loki was a god with loads of magic and tricks and pockets full of people and powerful friends and whatever else. Conrad wasn’t.
Conrad had all the mystical, lifesaving powers of student loans on his side. Conrad had a minimum wage job that barely paid his rent and, guess what, he probably didn’t even have that when this was all over because calling into work had not exactly been his top priority when British people got shoved into his skull and sent him running for his life. Also, his apartment? Shambles. Half his stuff would be missing when he got back, stolen or shat on by who even knew what. And he’d been running, fueled by terror and adrenaline forever now, and if Loki was tired, he was exhausted.
 “Conrad—” the professor started.
“No. Fuck you, dude,” he shouted, wrenching fingers in his hair. “Oh, look how noble you are, not doing what your daddy wanted you to do. I’m so grateful—You know what? Fuck that, okay? Did you get this asshole out of my head? Did you send Loki packing? No, you did not. You come galloping along like this is some kind of adventure for you—like you do this every summer break and, hell, maybe you do. I don’t even know you. But you’re not exactly some white knight, okay? You’re probably going to sell us both out to your dad as soon as he shows up.”
Conrad laughed, and it kind of sounded like Loki, creepy and not one hundred percent human, but, wow, was he an idiot.
“No, wait,” he said. “We’re here for your brother, aren’t we? We’re waiting for Thor. Goddamn, and I trusted you, you know? Life-altering decision type things. Actually went to you for advice.”
Hothe looked at him like he’d just kicked his puppy and stabbed his grandma, and for a second Conrad felt almost bad. But wait, no, he still wasn’t alone in his head, so drop-kick that regret right out the window because this man right here did not even deserve it.
“I could remove Mimir,” he offered. “But it wouldn’t help. No more than not having Mimir helps your friend here.”
Lily shook her head, sort of smiling, but she stood shoulder to shoulder with Conrad, bristling like a Christmas tree on fire.
“You know what I don’t understand?” Her voice was low and reasonable. “Odin wouldn’t suspect his own son. If you and Loki are so close, why isn’t Mimir in your head, Hod?”
Hothe flinched at the sound of his name.
“I go by Howard, now. And the power clash would render us both… well, helpless. Mimir could not reach his energy through mine, nor I through his. We’d be essentially human for the duration.”
“Yeah, being human kind of sucks, doesn’t it?” Conrad snapped. “Funny how I didn’t get a choice in the matter.”
“Well, bitching about it ain’t gonna keep you alive, princess,” Loki announced, pulling a cigarette from one of his ten thousand pockets, and Conrad had never wanted to risk certain death more than he had in that moment because, goddamn, punching him would feel good. “We’re here. We’re stuck together. Deal with it.”
“No,” Lily pressed. “You’re only telling half the story. The way I see it, if Mimir turns up in the well, we’re home free.”
Loki looked at her. Their eyes locked for a long moment and Conrad froze. Was he doing the thing with the oh god I wish they were dead bodies? No, he couldn’t be, because Lily was glaring at him, staring him down and glowing like a bonfire, and maybe she could stop him.
Maybe she was doing it right back.
At last, Loki chuckled and closed his eyes, leaning back against a tree. “You’ve got balls as big as mine, sweetheart, I give you that.”
“How about you stop giving me anything and tell me what the hell is going on?”
“My father will make your life a living hell for no better reason than Loki likes you,” Hothe said, rubbing his eyes behind his glasses. “He’ll give you diluted immortality so he can destroy you slowly, over several lifetimes. So the precise moment your suffering finally ends is his to decide.”
“Oh, wonderful,” Conrad blurted. “This’ll work out great. It figures.”
The professor’s eyes flashed. “I am not my father. I’d appreciate the benefit of your doubt, Conrad.”
“You see, kids,” Loki said, far too damn cheerfully, with a grin that pulled his lips in ways lips should never be pulled. “We’re all stuck in this boat together. Now put on a smile and try not to die, because here comes Thor.”
Oh, of course, Thor. It figured. They were running for their lives so hard there wasn’t even a solid ten minutes to have a proper argument, and hell if this was over. Arguing might not work, but a brick to the head might.
Except Conrad could see the air rippling up in the distance in a foreboding sort of way, and as much as he wanted to run, he was pretty sure Lily didn’t know a trick fast enough and strong enough to get them out of there alive if they tried to wing it.
As much as Conrad hated the world right now, best bet looked like staying put, in plain sight, and well behind the wall of gods who had better not be selling them out or the university board of directors would totally be hearing about… well, about some sort of tenure-ending conduct, that was for damn sure.
Watching the rippling air for signs of oncoming gods, Conrad reached over to twine his fingers through Lily’s.
“I swear, when this is over, I am going to find a way to castrate him,” he whispered.
Lily sighed, closing her eyes, but a flicker of a smile twitched at her lips. “I know someone who’d pay a fortune for them stuffed and mounted.”
“You know some really weird people.”
The twitch turned into a real, honest to—honest to someone who wasn’t a god smile that did weird things to Conrad’s innards. “They’re embarrassing sometimes. Gamer geeks, but with real magic. Still, they’re family.”
“Yeah, well, apparently I’m related to him,” he said, swinging their locked hands in Loki’s direction with a shrug. “So I can’t even talk about family.”
Over by the trees, the rippling rash on the fabric of realty belched, spitting out a fog that smelled of alcohol and raw steak, which Conrad’s already tender stomach did not appreciate. Covering their noses with free hands, he and Lily backed into the sign for what little protection a salvaged piece of steel could offer and watched Thor stride out of the cloud of strange bar stink toward them.
Conrad had expected a bodybuilder, with hair Fabio would covet, a giant beard, and a war hammer. Except the reality looked… well, like a construction worker.
From Kentucky.
The guy had about a day’s worth of blond stubble spattering his broad jaw. He wore faded jeans with a pair of heavy work gloves tucked into a huge-ass belt that might have had something to do with Elvis, a T-shirt older than Conrad advertising something with a busty model, and a giant, somehow… normal-looking sledge hammer strapped to his back.
This could not be Thor. Except, no, Hothe’s hands clenched at his sides while he glowered at him, like he wanted to explode his head and then afterward, maybe reminisce about the old days. Conrad was pretty sure that particular look only happened around family. And wow, family.
Thor was his history professor’s brother.
Which kind of made Loki their uncle. Step-uncle? Godfather? Whatever. Family reunion from hell at any rate. Except wait, Loki’s daughter ran hell. So, er… maybe not.
“Loki, you gotta come home now,” Thor announced, looking… embarrassed. He looked kind of like a guy whose girlfriend sent him out to buy lady things.
“Grow a spine,” Hothe suggested in a way that would have been pleasant if it hadn’t accompanied bloodless knuckles and a suggestion of fire. “Or better yet, Thor, borrow a brain cell.”
Oh yeah. They were absolutely related.
“Stay out of it!” Thor snapped. “Dad lets you play with your humans and, oh yeah, if you’re so smart, why haven’t you gotten Loki back like he asked?”
Hothe arched an eyebrow, smiling sort of like a velociraptor might, were they inclined toward smiling.
“Because I possess a little of something called self-determination and I refuse to be a part of this any longer,” he said. “Mimir has been in the well for how long now? Whatever he did, it wasn’t worth this.”
“He betrayed—”
“Did he?” Hothe demanded. “Or did Dad say he did?”
Thor rolled his eyes and made a face. “Isn’t it the same thing?”
Hothe shook his head. “How are we even related?”
Grinning, Loki clapped his hands and looked between Hothe and Thor.
“And now that you’ve gotten that cleared up, it’s probably the time to mention that I’m not coming back.”
For a second, Conrad wondered if this would be when the whole by force thing got busted out. Except Thor didn’t… well, do anything, just looked worried and upset.
“Dad really isn’t joking this time. He’s pissed. Sent Garm out and everything.”
“So I’ve noticed,” Loki said, smiling. “Where is Odin, by the way?”
Hothe snorted. “He doesn’t know. Daddy Dearest never tells this one what he’s planning, only points at things he wants bashed to bits.”
Thor glared at him and, okay, wow, if this kept up there really would be a god fight.
“You’re only angry he doesn’t talk to you, either,” he snapped. “And anyway, just because I don’t know what he’s doing doesn’t mean it’s not important.”
Loki sidled between the two of them, still smiling, looking like he was here with his two best friends and absolutely not in any way breaking up a fight.
“Well, if you want my opinion, you’re the only one doing something important. Odin’s probably just off buggering the dead. He’s good for that.”
“Shut up, Loki,” Thor grumbled. “Look, I don’t want to kill you, but Dad said—”
“Dude, you are how old now? Like a thousand?” Conrad blurted and, wow, not a good idea now that three gods were looking at him, but hell, if they were going to kill him, he’d damned well go down in a blaze of sarcastic glory. “Screw your dad. What happened to Thor, king of the jungle, ruler of all he surveyed?”
Silence greeted him. Conrad could feel Lily’s glare burning a hole in the side of his head and, ow, yeah, maybe he deserved the elbow in his side, being as three gods who had more or less forgotten them were now staring in this direction. But Loki looked like he was about to giggle, the asshole. Thor looked thoughtful, and Hothe couldn’t decide between irritation and affection. Conrad glared back at them, as irritated as he figured he could get away with, parts intact.
“Don’t talk about my father like that,” Thor decided at last.
Loki shrugged. “Eh. Kid’s got a point. Odin runs you from one end of the globe to another. When was the last time you got to do something fun?”
Off in the far distance, a roar went up from the crowd. The barest tip of a truck hurtling over something flashed in the flood lights and a look of naked longing crossed Thor’s face.
“The eighties were fun.”
“Thirty years ago?” Loki pressed, sounding so sympathetic Conrad wondered if he’d teleported out and left a fake behind because Loki? Sympathetic?
But Thor shook his head, pulling the heavy work gloves from his belt and onto his huge hands.
“Thirty years is nothing to a god,” he said, swinging the sledgehammer down from his back. “We have to go now. Are you coming, or is this going to get messy?”
Loki shrugged and turned, sauntering back to where Conrad crouched, protecting his tender parts from godly wrath.
“Alright then,” he sighed. “If you’re not interested, I guess it gets messy.”
“Wait.” Thor’s hammer drooped. “Not interested in what?”
And, wow, okay, Conrad had known Loki was probably the world’s first conman and really good at what he did, but he had no idea he could look so… dejected.
“Well, I had a gift for you, but Odin wouldn’t want you to have it, and I can see you wouldn’t want to go behind your father’s back.”
Thor turned to glare suspiciously at his brother. “You’re trying to trick me.”
Hothe glared right back, and together the two of them looked more like pissed off teenagers than actual pissed off teenagers, and if Conrad wasn’t so furious with Hothe, he’d have made a mental note to tease him about it later.
“I have no idea what shiny trinket he has in his pocket this time, Thor. Though tinfoil could amuse you, so I have no doubt you’ll be pleased.”
Thor did something with his hand in his brother’s direction. It wasn’t quite the finger. Rather, it looked more like a condensed history of rude gestures.
“What is it?” he asked Loki, still waiting for the trap.
Grinning, Loki pulled out a keychain that kind of looked like a bottle opener with tits. On it was a single key, glinting dimly in the half-light.
Thor shrugged, managing to look nonchalant for the most part, but Conrad could see him staring at the key like it was the answer everything. “I have a car. A Thunderbird. One of the old ones. It’s pretty awesome. Even has my name on it and everything.”
Loki’s smile got even wider. “So you can go fast. So what? Know what you could be doing if you let your father win his own glory?” he said and paused for dramatic effect. “Driving a monster truck.”
The dramatic effect thing worked because Thor’s eyes went huge.
“Here? Now? Those are keys to a truck in there?”
Hothe rolled his eyes and shot his brother a look. The look spoke of many things. Mostly it wondered how they shared the same gene pool. But he kept his mouth shut and restrained himself to crossing the sad little patch of grass to lean against the sign next to where Conrad crouched, still protecting his tender bits just in case.
Loki tossed Thor the key. “It’s the big red one.”
“Of course it is,” Hothe muttered.
Moving pretty fast for a guy carrying a giant sledgehammer, Thor strapped that bad boy on his back again in a hurry and lunged, grabbing Loki up in a bear hug that cracked his spine.
“Dad’s gonna be pissed. You be careful,” he said in one breath.
And then, in a manly cloud of fog, disappeared again.
“Now what happens?” Fenris asked from where he’d managed to sprawl onto both of their laps. “End of the world? Giant booby traps? Odin?”
Amused, Loki shrugged. “Now we try not to die.”
“Oh, great. We try. Wonderful plan,” Conrad snapped, standing. “Except, I’m pretty sure me and Lily will be doing the trying, while you and Hothe here do the running away.”
“Conrad…” Hothe started, sounding like he had a reason to be hurt about this whole situation. “When exactly have I given you cause not to trust me? If you haven’t noticed, I happen to be rather intent on keeping you alive.”
Sure. Sure he was, standing there in his tweed coat, looking bewildered and upset, like he’d just come home to find a frat party in his apartment and his favorite—his favorite whatever broken on the floor—and way to pretend this was all just as abnormal as it was to him, dude, but it wasn’t, okay? This was his family, and if Loki was right about the whole you are my great-great-something-kid thing, why hadn’t Hothe tried to help him out before, give him a ward or something? Because really, honestly, was it so obvious Loki could pick it out from twenty feet away on the street, but Hothe couldn’t see it sitting across from him every other afternoon in his own goddamned office?
“You’re not human,” Conrad snarled, and he knew that wasn’t the truth, because Lily wasn’t one hundred percent normal and human either. But the truth hurt. The truth screamed things like I trusted you who even are you now help me I don’t understand and the look on Hothe’s face said he knew it.
“And if I’d mentioned that while choosing your dissertation board?” he pressed. “By the way, Conrad, I don’t think I should sit for you—I’m considered a god in some circles?”
“Your father wants to kill me!”
“Perhaps, yes,” he insisted. “But I don’t.”
Loki glared at the both of them, digging in his pockets. “Okay, kid, look. I hate to break up the whole-life crisis thing—”
And suddenly, all at once Lily was standing.
“You started his whole-life crisis thing, you giant plague-ridden ass,” she snarled.
“Fine, look, Hothe. You don’t want to kill me. Okay, that’s great,” Conrad hissed, running his hands through his hair, and he probably looked like a dork, but if no one had noticed, giant chunks of world were crashing to the ground around them here. “But get this guy the hell out of my head then. I just want to go home to my demolished apartment to have my nice mental breakdown in the bird shit and shattered electronics.”
Fenris growled, hackles rising, pointing toward a nearby alleyway. “I smell a little piggy somewhere far from home.”
Conrad barely noticed, fixed on the apologetic I can but I won’t look on Hothe’s face.
“I can’t do that,” he said softly.
“No, you’re right. I knew that already. Daddy told you—”
“Shut up, kid,” Loki snapped, black-eyed and peevish. “You’re not going anywhere. You’ve got a job to finish.”
Glowing like a bonfire, Lily pulled a hand back and slapped him.
With a resounding crack of flesh on flesh, Loki’s head snapped back, probably more out of shock than pain. Lily’s eyes were wild, her breathing fast, but she stood her ground, staring him down and glowing, and she had no hope in hell of beating him, but Conrad didn’t need to know a mage to know that was a fighting stance.
“Finish your own job,” she snarled, her voice quiet and mean like fast water.
Somewhere in the shadows, somebody started to clap. Fenris growled, earthquake low, and pressed Conrad back into Lily with his body, hemming the two of them in. Snorting and huffing, a boar strode out from between trash cans, tiny yellow eyes set like fireflies from hell in its vast skull, jutting with stained teeth as big, as long, and thicker than Conrad’s forearm.
Conrad looked away. He couldn’t meet those glowing eyes. Something lived behind there, something old and intelligent, the monster so big he could probably ride the thing and it wouldn’t even notice he was there. Blood caked the bristles stubbling those massive jowls. Conrad was afraid that if he looked too close, he’d know what it’d eaten.
“Oh wonderful,” Loki muttered.
Conrad followed his gaze to find a thinnish man in a long coat, leaning against the building, just close enough for them to see now that they knew to look. Air coiled from his direction where a breeze hadn’t been the moment before, strange somehow, smelling of things Conrad didn’t know to name. Disheveled and rumpled, the man smiled like a saint, a .44 in his hand, and it didn’t take a genius to see him and know that not only had he used it before, he really liked using it.
“Fancy meeting you here,” Loki drawled with a smirk, stepping forward.
Jolting him from his deer in the headlights staring, Lily wrenched Conrad down to crouch at the base of the sign again, lifting a shield that glimmered like spider silk. Hothe very casually strode forward, putting himself unobtrusively between the newcomer and them, glowing all the while. And hey, new guy, way to be the only one with a modern weapon, because no one around him looked really confident that a god and a glowing wall of magic could stop a bullet.
The new guy smiled, looking around at the lot of them, and the air around him roiled and twisted, smelling of things Conrad realized he didn’t want to name, but he looked human. Not human like Hothe. No, this guy looked like the prototype of humanity. When Cro-Magnons had finally stood upright and decided to shave, this man had been there already. He didn’t have the Fate’s pulsing magic or the muddled cloud of possibilities that followed Loki.
He had nothing.
Just a void. An ancient, ravenous void.
“I told Odin to send Tyr or Vali, but he insisted on sending his oldest boys and, like always, here we are,” the newcomer announced pleasantly and then, looking at Hothe, he nodded. “Evening, Hod.”
“Freyr,” Hothe answered, sounding strained. “Still haven’t got your sword, I see.”
“Something better,” he said and grinned, lifting the gun.
Loki snorted. “It’s not even enchanted.”
The grin twisted at Freyr’s lips, revealing more teeth than could possibly be healthy, and Conrad felt like he was falling. Time slipped backward, millennia crumbled away and he found himself staring at the original hunter, a creature of the forests so old it had no name.
“It doesn’t need to be,” he said. “Allow me to demonstrate.”
In a flash, the gun was up. Freyr aimed casually down the barrel. And he wasn’t going to fire, Conrad thought, huddled under Lily’s shield. He wouldn’t fire. Odin was his boss—he wouldn’t want his kids killed even if they were misbehaving. He wouldn’t fire.
And then he fired.
The gun made a sound like the world sobbing, an unholy explosion of too much light and noise, and the gun wasn’t enchanted but the bullets were, and Hothe’s head rocketed back, the right lens of his horn-rimmed glasses shattering and, oh, oh shit—
Someone screamed, a short, panicked burst of wordless oh god no, and Conrad didn’t know if it’d been him or Lily, but he scrambled to his feet, rocketing up and nearly out of the shield, catching Hothe and lowering him to the ground. He didn’t know what to do. What did anyone do in a situation like this, because his history professor was dead and a god and now he was a dead god, and Loki’s daughter—how would they even go about finding her and this was bad, beyond wretched, seriously—
Hothe coughed, sat up and spat a bullet into his palm.
“Mistletoe?” he asked, glowering up at Freyr. “Really?”
Freyr looked only very slightly put out and what the hell was going on? Why was this normal? Better yet, why was no one killing the psychopath?
“Poetic, I thought. Pity it didn’t work.”
Hothe’s eye blazed through the broken lens and, hey, apparently the glasses were enchanted because his right eye didn’t look human anymore. It looked black—other side of the mirror black, infinite black, the lonely darkness between galaxies—and Hothe wasn’t looking at him, but Conrad could see everything that terrified him swimming in that endless ink.
“You must be confusing me with my brother,” he growled, and in a second he was across the field, standing toe to toe with Freyr, who was avoiding his blazing, horrible eye like he could avoid for the Olympics. “My brother is dead.”
And then he punched him. Soft-spoken Professor Hothe, whose biting sarcasm was the most violent thing about him, punched a guy holding a gun so hard he staggered back and hit the tree behind him. He raised the gun with a white-knuckled hand, but Hothe was back across the parking lot in a flash, fixing an eye full of nightmare on him from where he planted himself in front of Conrad and Lily’s sorely unprotected little corner of hell, tweed-bedecked shoulders squared.
Norse god, huh? Suddenly Conrad could see it.
Freyr laughed, but he still wasn’t looking at Hothe, and so had to turn to grin at Loki instead.
“Doesn’t matter. It’ll work well enough on the children,” he said, still smiling even though his mouth was full of blood—go Hothe!—but wait, children?
As in the two cowering humans who were most certainly not children, thanks very much, and would really rather not be shot? And alright, Conrad’s priorities were a little bit twisted, because his first thought staring down the barrel of the .44 was that student loans followed you, bankrupt or dead, and hey—he wasn’t dead yet.
Why wasn’t he dead yet?
Conrad stopped cowering and tore his gaze away from the very distressing gun barrel fixed in his direction. Next to him, Lily was doing the same, peeking up from where she’d buried her face in Fenris’s fur—Fenris grinning in a disconcerting kind of way—and over to Freyr, shoving and hitting his apparently jammed gun like he didn’t know what to do with it.
“It’s not even enchanted,” Loki repeated and, yeah, that was one smug bastard right there. “I mean honestly, Freyr. What in the hell were you thinking? That I’d just stand here and let you do it? I’m a god too, dumbass.”
“You’re not a god,” he snarled. “You’re a stray dog, just happened to follow Odin home.”
Loki shrugged. “Yes, well. At least I’ve got a weapon I can use,” he said and pulled a sword from his coat pocket. Which, what?
But no, swords from coat pockets seemed comparatively normal next to the British guy in his head and his history professor being immune to certain death, so Conrad just watched as Freyr’s mouth fell open and his eyes about popped out of his head.
“My sword…”
“Nice, isn’t it?” and then, adding in a sing-song like he just couldn’t help it, “Enchanted.”
“I gave it to Skirnir,” Freyr breathed. “What happened to him?”
Loki laughed, spinning the sword over the backs of his hands.
“He got married a few dozen times, changed his name about seven, and now lives in Los Angeles in a house full of young, beautiful women.”
Eyes narrowing, Freyr tried to force the slide of his gun. “You killed him.”
Loki laughed. “When was the last time you stopped by Valhalla? I mean really, Freyr. It may be many things—including a seedy bar in cold as fuck nowhere—but its clientele most certainly does not include young, beautiful women.”
“You…” he started, menacing and terrifying. But then he trailed off, his eyes fixed on his former blade—and why exactly was there a phone number written in black Sharpie on a magic sword? “What is that?”
Loki grinned like a cat with an entire whorehouse full of canaries. “It happens to be the phone number of a certain no-longer-so-young woman you may have asked Skirnir to locate for you.”
“You didn’t. She’d have cut you down at the knees. If I couldn’t—” remembering his badassery, he stopped, cutting himself off. Conrad sniggered. Apparently he was not the only one having trouble with the ladies.
“It’s a matter of charm,” Loki purred, throwing the sword into the ground between them. “Call her.”
Freyr actually looked frightened at the thought. “You’re lying.”
“Call her.”
“This is another of your tricks.”
Loki shrugged, pulled a cell phone from his pocket, and started to dial.
“What are you doing?” Freyr demanded, his voice an octave too high.
Loki held up a finger.
“Loki,” he growled, a warning made much less ominous by the note of fear in his voice and, hey, did he sound like that when it came to Lily? Conrad suspected he might.
For his part, Loki held up another finger and grinned.
Two rings.
Freyr broke.
“Give me that!” he snarled and lunged. Loki tossed the phone to him before he managed a few feet. Freyr fumbled to catch it and shove it to his ear all in one go.
Conrad heard the tinny sound of the other end picking up and a woman’s voice asking, “Hello? Gertha Negymir speaking.”
Suddenly really, super pale, Freyr gestured for them to leave, all together and at the speed of light, if his hand signal could be believed, before he managed to stutter his greeting into the phone.
Wow. He had it bad.
But oh, hey, they were still alive.
Conrad grinned at Lily, who looked bewildered, one arm still wrapped around Fenris’s neck.
“He changed his mind about killing us because of a phone number?”
Hothe chuckled, sounding more tired than amused. “Men are simple creatures.”
Lily stared at him for a long moment before turning back to Conrad. “Would you stop your quest for revenge for some chick’s phone number?”
Weakly, Conrad grinned. “I’d stop my quest for revenge for your phone number,” he offered.
“Well, it looks like you don’t have to worry about it. We’re on the same quest for revenge,” she said and turned. “Loki—”
Loki fixed her with a look that promised less than wonderful things. “Sweetheart, I love you. Stop bitching at me.”
And that was it. Lily stopped, looking as exhausted as Conrad felt. “And the Edda calls you charming.”
“Yeah, well, the Edda says I’m tied to a snake or something,” he said, managing to look both shifty and amused. “Those monks always got all the interesting bits wrong.”
“Probably because if they’d written down what you’d really been doing with that snake…” Hothe murmured.
Behind them, in the sad little patch of grass, struggling though his conversation, Freyr glared and updated the now, at the speed of light signal with on pain of messy death.
Loki sniggered and ignored him. “Would you like to tell the children just what I was doing with that snake, Hod?”
The professor sighed and fished a brown leather glasses case from his pocket. Inside was an unbroken pair of glasses that differed only marginally from the first pair.
“You are a horrible influence on us all.”
Grinning, Loki dug through his pockets and came up with a cigarette. “I try to be.”
Conrad glanced at Lily. She was generally in control of these sorts of situations. He was just unlucky and along for the ride because of Mr. Lookie Loo in his head. But right now, Lily looked lost and exhausted and entirely out of helpful tricks to stop Norse gods from probably killing them.
Sighing, she caught his eye and shrugged.
“Whatever. Let’s just get this over with. Loki’s charmed the people hell bent on killing him so far. Maybe it’ll work on Odin too.”
Loki grinned.
“That’s the spirit, kids.”
“I wouldn’t put money on it actually,” Hothe muttered, adjusting the spell coating his glasses.
“See, this is why they make movies about me, while you’re stuck lecturing college kids about the old days,” Loki announced, draping an arm over Hothe’s shoulders. “You’re unlovable.”
Hothe arched an eyebrow, regarding him like the kind of thing you might find on your shoe after you’d been to a toxic waste dump.
“How many people want you more than dead right now, precisely?” he asked.
And off they went, walking through the parking lot, bickering like an old married couple. Together, he and Lily followed, though Lily looked kind of like she was wondering how laundry got her into this mess, and Conrad opened his mouth to apologize again, when the parking lot shifted and emptied. The buildings around them dropped out of sight, trees springing up around the square of asphalt.
Alarmed, Conrad looked up to find an ugly little convenience store squatting like a pimple where there hadn’t been an ugly little convenience store squatting like a pimple the moment before. A dog-eared sign out front advertised a sale on Miracle-Gro, and you know what?
He was done.
Conrad absolutely could not handle any more of this. No more suddenly being somewhere else that didn’t actually exist in the real world. No more people he talked to about his pretty demented family turning into deadly fantasy creatures. For that matter, no more deadly fantasy creatures. No invisible dragons, no giant crows, no wolves, no boars, no shirt, no shoes, and no more service because he was done.
Crossing the parking lot as quickly as his shaking legs could carry him, Conrad sat down hard on a bench older than the city. Arguing with Loki hadn’t gotten him anywhere so far. So, know what? No more arguing. He was done with arguing too. He would just have a nice sit on this lovely, obliging hunk of outdoor décor for the rest of forever.
Off in the parking lot, Loki muttered something that almost sounded concerned, which was great, really, and so very useful at this stage of the game.
Vaguely, Conrad realized he must look sort of psychotic or something, because Lily eased down next to him like he might explode at any second. But fine, cool, because he couldn’t think of a better person to share the rest of forever with on this actually pretty uncomfortable bench he was nevertheless not moving from, not ever. Odin could damn well come to him.
“You okay?” she asked, looking as torn and tired and bullied as he felt.
“Yeah. I’m just going to stay here. Until, you know, Mimir leaves or Odin gives up or Loki gets horribly murdered. Something.”
Head in his hands, Conrad could just see Loki come to a halt next to him, grinning like the cocky bastard he was, but having to make an effort at it.
“C’mon, kid. Don’t give up on me now.”
“Why do I have to give you anything at all?” he demanded. Well, tried to demand. Really he just ended up sounding like an overtired three-year-old who wanted a teddy and a cuddle—and alright, a cuddle would be fabulous right now. “Why can’t you go convince Odin to find another hobby by yourself?”
Conrad sat up to find Loki looking at him, the closest to apologetic he’d ever seen. “Because I need Mimir.”
“So take Mimir. I’m sure as hell not using him.”
“Can’t. Not worth the risk. I don’t want to move him until I’m moving him into his body.”
“And let me guess,” Lily asked, sounding sort of dangerous again. “Odin’s with his body now.”
Loki shrugged and smiled, looking actually apologetic, and Conrad wanted to punch him more than anything in the world.
“Yeah. That’s why he hasn’t shown up yet. Dead weight is a bugger to move. He’s probably going to make a show of it somewhere.”
“Where somewhere, goddammit?” Conrad snarled, dangerously close to tears. “I don’t want to die, alright? I don’t want to run or jump or play hide-the-Norse-myth anymore. I want to sit here, maybe have a Popsicle or something—I don’t know, something normal. As normal as a place like this stocks, anyway. I can’t be your chosen one, Loki. I just can’t do it.”
Loki shot Hothe a look. Conrad didn’t know what it meant, but he was going to have a nervous breakdown in a minute if someone didn’t get the old dude out of his head and tell him everything would be okay.
Slowly, like Conrad might bite him—and he honestly might at this point—Loki sat down on the bench next to him.
“I need to get Mimir back in his body. It’s the only thing that’ll get Odin to call off the hounds,” he said, pretty gently, considering the entire scope of events. “The second that happens, I’ll get you home.”
“You’re lying.”
“I might be. But I’ll try.”
Conrad closed his eyes. And then he dropped his face back into his hands for good measure.
“Why me? Out of all the people wandering the city, why me?”
“Because you asked for it,” he said gently, like he meant it. Like he really, honestly remembered a time when Conrad had gone to the hot dog stand on Sixth for two with cheese and almost certain death and, hey, why not make it a combo with a side of Norse gods and a Coke?
But Conrad didn’t look up. He didn’t ask. He didn’t even cuss the guy out because it wasn’t worth it. Nothing would come of it. Loki had been a crazy asshole a millennium ago, he was even farther out of his head now, and nothing this puny mortal said was ever going to change his plans. Maybe if it’d been Lily, she could static shock him into agreeing with her over a TV show or something, but Conrad didn’t even have that.
Patting his shoulder, Loki stood up and walked through the sliding doors with Fenris, who carried on muttering something about Slim Jims the whole way, leaving Hothe standing awkwardly alone inside Conrad’s circle of awareness.
“I don’t suppose it’s any consolation,” he offered, “but the chaos in your blood would have called to him.”
“You’re not helping,” Lily snapped, and she had a hand on his shoulder, which, yay… if only he weren’t going off to die in a minute.
Hothe shifted, probably smiled. He tended to do that when he got all awkward and socially obsolete, but Conrad was not about to sit up and see.
“Can you… I don’t know—just go somewhere?” Conrad muttered, trying to be nice about it because otherwise, Hothe would stand there and wait for him to need something, and he was a pretty decent guy really, but Conrad hated him for being all the things he couldn’t help being right now and that wasn’t fair, no, but it was true. “I don’t want to look at anyone associated with Odin right now.”
Amidst more shifting of tweed, Hothe sighed. “I understand,” he said. “I’ll go try to talk sense at Loki. We all know he won’t listen, but I suppose it’s worth a try.”
Conrad listened to him walk away, through the sliding door in desperate need of some oil. When the door finally complained its way shut, he looked up and over at Lily.
“I’m sorry.”
“What, for this?” She sort of half-laughed, but the utter exhaustion didn’t hide so well. “What could you have done to stop it, exactly?
He tried to grin, for her sake. “Counted the right number of quarters? I’d still be here, but you’d be happily avoiding the advances of those dungeons and dragons geeks and… and doing whatever it is you do when you’re not dying with me.”
Lily cracked a smile. “Maybe I kind of like dying with you.”
“That’s nice of you, but even I don’t like dying with me. I’d ditch me in a second if I could. I’m a real bastard like that, you know?”
“Oh yeah?” Lily laughed and kissed him.
Just like that, she actually kissed him. All at once, he had his arms full of Lily, like she’d always been there, her lips pressed against his, slow and nice and sweet, and not desperate, which was pretty great, because it made him feel things were normal. And they were normal, and this was just a normal first kiss with a beautiful, normal girl who was really good at kissing, and maybe, okay, she was a little abnormal with the whole glowing thing, but he liked the glowing thing, especially now with the sunlight on her skin flickering like butterfly wings where her hands held his face and, whoa… breathing? So soon? Since when has he had lungs anyway?
“Let’s go inside,” she said, smiling.
Conrad stared at her, wondering sort of vaguely if she could see the stars in his eyes. “Okay.”
Fingers locked together in a very promising sort of way, they meandered inside together to find Hothe just leaving the cash register. He smiled, slipped a bag of Squirrel Nut Zippers into his pocket and handed them both Flintstone sherbet push-up Popsicles. And Conrad had no idea what his face was doing, but wow. Really wow. He hadn’t seen one of these since he was a kid, just old enough to run down to the corner store himself with lost couch money. Conrad could remember sitting on the sidewalk in the summer, eating one of those bad boys as it melted down his hand and all the sugar got stuck between his fingers no matter how much dew-wet grass he found to run his hands through, and he’d only mentioned it to Hothe the once.
“You remembered,” Conrad managed at last. “That’s great. This is… thanks.”
Lily smiled at his sudden conversational ineptitude and nodded at Hothe.
“Thank you.”
“May as well enjoy something before going off to meet my father,” he murmured and smiled, walking outside just as Loki came up to the cash register.
With Miracle-Gro.
They’d come all the way from who even knew where, to this convenience store in the middle of life or death circumstances because Loki needed Miracle-Gro.
“What?” Loki muttered at Conrad’s disbelieving look, digging out a wallet from one of his many pockets. “We’re gonna need a miracle, alright?”
And Conrad wanted to mention it was only for plants. He really, really wanted to.
But wait, no, last week it was only for plants. This week, for all he knew, it would probably grow a magic bean sprout if you pointed it in the right direction, except that Jotuns were the giants of Norse mythology and, hey, maybe that was the plan. Things got bad, Loki would just grow an express root—har har—home.
“Hey,” Fenris growled, dragging an entire Slim Jim display case behind him. “Somebody buy me these.”
Wordlessly, Conrad turned and walked back outside, Lily close at his side.
What he needed right now was a slim slice of sanity and this Popsicle. Especially the Popsicle. If only pocket change could still buy a nice, safe sidewalk, some sunshine, and a stick of sherbet in a cheap cardboard tube.
And yeah, the slim slice of sanity was grasping at straws a little. Because a minute later Loki emerged from the store and blasted him in the chest with Miracle-Gro.
“What in the hell—” he started, but Loki had already moved on to dousing Lily in Miracle-Gro.
“Miracles,” Loki insisted, and he turned to spray Hothe.
Hothe gave him a look over the tops of his horn-rimmed glasses. Loki’s finger missed the trigger.
“Your funeral,” he muttered and, unscrewing the spray nozzle instead, downed half the bottle.
Conrad shuddered. Loki only grinned and handed him the bottle.
“Spray Odin with it,” he said, shoving it into his hands. And then, after a moment just a touch too long for Conrad’s hey I’d like to not die sensibilities, Loki added, “And try not to get killed,” before patting his shoulder fondly and striding off.
Chaos gods.
So fucking weird.
Conrad took a tentative sniff at the bottle anyway, and he didn’t really remember what normal Miracle-Gro smelled like, being that the last time he’d used it had been in the third grade science fair, and even that had only been in theory as he’d actually dug up plants two days before the date rather than remembering to grow his own. But this stuff smelled weird.
“If you drink that,” Lily said, giving him a Look, “I absolutely will not kiss you again, ever.”
Fenris’s head rocketed up from where he’d been gnawing a Slim Jim, managed an extremely too-interested, voyeuristic eyebrow thing he really shouldn’t be physically able to accomplish, and mouthed oh yeah? in a way that suggested both you will tell me later and I’ll join you, which no, none of that would happen, he absolutely would not, no.
“I’m almost afraid to ask,” Lily started, looking at where Loki had laid his coat out on the asphalt to better spray it with yet another bottle of Miracle-Gro, a Slim Jim clenched between his teeth like a cigar. “But now what?”
“Oh no, don’t ask. I only just got to the yellow bit,” Conrad muttered.
“Now we go speak with my father,” Hothe answered.
“Where would that be exactly?” she pressed. “Conrad and I—well, no, Conrad’s in his happy place, never mind—but I sure as hell can’t take much more of this.”
Hothe shook his head, and he hid it well, but Conrad had been paying attention sitting across the desk from him every other whenever, and right now he looked really, honestly worried.
Loki grinned, runes sliding in a strangely comforting, threatening way under his skin and, wow, almost squirming like a puppy delighted to have found the most disgusting dead thing ever to roll in and taking an inordinate amount of glee from the look of not a single word Hothe fixed him with.
“My lips are sewn shut,” he said, sniggering and, yes, judging by the increase of Glare from the professor’s corner, it was almost definitely at his expense. “Hod thinks I’ll just worry you.”
Conrad twitched.
“You just told me your dad wants to crack my skull open like a clam, but Loki is going to worry me? Hothe, he shoved a god in my head when we first met. Worry has pretty much been my constant state since then.”
Hothe sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “Do you happen to remember my telling you to never under any circumstances invest in the stock market?”
Well, that was about as expected as… as something totally unexpected.
“Yeah…?” he asked, feeling his synapses frying.
Hothe gave him a pointed look. Fenris rolled his eyes. Loki giggled. For a second, Conrad looked at them wondering when the hell they’d both lost their minds—not that Loki was that far away from total lunacy on a good day—and then, unfortunately, it clicked.
“Oh god.”
Lily laughed in a quiet, it appears someone stole the world when I wasn’t looking sort of way.
“I think that’s the problem.”
“Salted, in a nutshell,” Loki agreed, throwing his coat back on and losing the Miracle-Gro in one of the many pockets.
On the moss-eaten bench, Hothe sighed and unwrapped a candy. In the glow tumbling from the twenty-four hour magical convenience store windows, he looked much worse for the wear. His hair stuck up where he’d run his hands through it too many times, and dark circles ringed his eyes. Somewhere along the line, the buttons of his vest had all come undone, his shirt dangled loose from his belt, and he’d started looking less like a history professor and more like someone who just at the moment had a bit of trouble being human.
“Loki,” he said. “Shut up.”

*   *   *

Okay, so maybe this teleportation thing wasn’t so bad after all. Conrad almost had the hang of it now. He wasn’t checking to see which of his organs got left behind at any rate, so that was a considerable plus. On the downside, Loki had just frisked a security guard and emerged with a Taser, looking far, far too excited at the prospect of electrocuting someone, and Conrad just tucked himself in a corner and scribbled down a mental note to stay the hell away from Loki.
And wow. All of this… Conrad sucked in a deep breath, taking it all in. Down on the street, perfectly normal people trotted past in their perfectly pressed suits with cell phones glued to their perfect heads. Up here, perfectly ordinary security guards loomed unobtrusively from the edges of the building, probably all trained in the perfect headshot, so good thing Loki had used the Force on them with the whole we do not exist, what is in your left pocket thing because otherwise they’d be in a mess of trouble.
Or maybe not. Maybe the guys would take one look at them and run for the hills. Conrad would have, given the choice. Because in glowing neon green in the breaking dawn, Loki actually managed to look more like a dangerous Norse god wearing dinosaurs do it from the past T-shirt than he had when covered in runes and eight feet tall.
The grin didn’t help matters. Neither did the fact that Hothe was standing sort of casually to one side, making tweed look like some kind of battle armor and, to be really, brutally honest, he and Lily sort of looked like the people you met on the edges of outdoor concerts, waking up lost and bewildered from their last acid trip and wondering when they’d bought tickets for this thing at all.
Oh, and the wolf was smoking a cigar.
Yeah.
Conrad sniggered. He’d been awake for the past twenty four hours, his weird shit cistern was all full up and starting to splash radioactive lunacy on the carpeting. Probably, he should just stick to the Popsicle.
“This place isn’t actually open yet,” Lily sort of suggested, more to him than anyone because they both knew Loki wouldn’t listen, but Conrad only shrugged, feeling a lot like giggling, which was probably the worst possible sign in a situation like this.
“I don’t think it matters.”
Abandoning the first guard as a lost cause, Loki turned and went to rifle through the next. Hothe sighed and unwrapped another candy, watching him.
“Can’t take him anywhere,” he muttered with a whole lot of exasperation hiding a little bit of fondness.
Conrad shrugged. He finished his Popsicle with a mournful goodbye and threw the cardboard tube into a nearby trashcan.
“He’s your family.”
“He’s adopted,” Hothe said, and he was kind of smiling. “Someone dropped him on his head as a child, no doubt.”
Loki snorted, half pulling off the guard’s coat to better rifle his pockets.
“Here I go, risking life and limb for the lot of you, and this is the thanks I get?”
Hothe smirked. “Your daughter can’t stand you, let alone spend eternity with you. Hel would kick you out of her kingdom in a heartbeat—and, I might add, your limbs grow back.”
“Yes, well, hardly the point, is it?” he snapped, grinned, and went back to work.
After a minute of watching the security guard continue to, well, guard, totally unaware of the fact that his coat was mostly off and being rifled through, Lily ventured to mention the obvious. “Are we sitting ducks out here, you guys?”
“Pretty much,” Loki grunted and then, grinning. “Found it.”
A tendril of mist emerged from a hidden pocket somewhere on the guy’s person, lapping at Loki’s fingers. The guard frowned and shifted, resettling his coat on his shoulders with a disgruntled look around. Conrad held his breath without really realizing he wasn’t breathing—that kind of day, really—watching as the guard glared around him. But Loki’s trick with the Force held, and the guy settled for patting his pockets. Whatever he thought he’d lost was still there apparently, because he settled down, back into the land of the oblivious as the mist unraveled and coalesced in Loki’s palm as a single, ordinary key.
“What? That’s it?” Conrad asked. “No giant gold key to the chocolate factory or something?”
“I know,” Loki said and shrugged. “I wanted it to be a mysterious glowing rock or a trumpet or something. Odin has no sense of style.”
And then, like it was the most normal thing in the world, he pushed the key into the center of Fenris’s latest smoke ring. The ring held and shimmered in the air. Something metallic grumbled and clicked.
Beside him, Lily sighed. “The sixties must have been great for you.”
“He was mortifying,” Hothe said.
Loki grinned, looking like a wild thing. “I know. It was awesome.”
And then, with a flourish, he turned the key. A whole sea of tumblers and booby traps clanked and clattered in the invisible inner workings of the not-door. Conrad stared at the ground, struck by the mental image of every single Indiana Jones trap happening to him all at once.
But no, nothing happened except a door swung open where there wasn’t a door, the fabric of reality wrinkling in a way that was probably not at all healthy. And, wow, was Loki the celestial equivalent of the invisible red sock always creeping around in laundry loads of white or what?
But no. Whatever. Conrad wasn’t going to think of that. Because he could see the inside of the stock exchange and not only was it immense, it was all of them.
Every place along the millennia people had stopped to trade, every clearing, every meeting house, every little tavern or basement or dining room. This place held all of them, all at once—years and years contained in a single bubble of time, from forest to computers, all of it—field, shack, hovel, building, burnt, rebuilt, sordid, hidden, old and new, and everything.
Everything.
Someone lay on the log-desk-counter to one side, mostly naked except for the sheet thrown over him, his breathing slow and easy like he wasn’t sleeping in all the stock exchanges that had ever existed, all at once.
Odin, Conrad thought at first, pretending to be asleep, waiting. But no. This guy still looked sort of young. Brownish stubble spattered his jaw, no gray in his hair at all, and as far as Conrad could tell, he still had both eyes. No, he knew this wasn’t Odin, just like he could feel deep down on a cellular level Loki wasn’t human.
This was Mimir. And he was looking pretty good for a guy dead and rotting since the beginning of forever.
Loki caught him staring and smiled.
“Dwarves,” he said by way of answer. And then, tapping his lips with a smirk. “We go way back.”
“You had better have a plan,” Hothe whispered.
“Don’t I always?”
“I hear gods taste better than dodo,” Fenris chuckled.
And off Loki went, striding in like a big damn hero with his kid at his side. And Fenris had been normal, everyday deadly before. But as he walked, he grew, up and out until he came to Loki’s hip, and at this size, Conrad could see where his jaws didn’t fit together, the grin permanent, deep scars and broken bones, the first licks of saliva pattering to the floor.
Reaching over, Conrad took Lily’s hand. She shot him a grateful sort of glance, giving his fingers a squeeze and, alright, they were in this together. Granted, Conrad couldn’t do magic, and he had all the dexterity of a fat puppy, so all told he was pretty useless, but at least he wasn’t in this alone.
Behind them, the door sucked shut like water rushing into a vacuum, and the comfort of not being alone fled. Conrad could see a man standing in the clearing-hardwood-marble, watching them. He wore a suit from every era and none of them, his hair neat, beard trimmed, looking… totally ordinary.
Behind him, a tree turned into a wall and back again.
“Morning, Odin,” Loki called cheerfully. Like he happened to meet him out on a coffee run and hadn’t nearly been torn apart by Odin’s dog sometime in the recent past.
Odin smiled.
“I see you’re in one piece. More’s the pity,” he said, sounding… fond of him in an utterly terrifying sort of way. “What have you done with Mimir?”
Loki grinned.
“The sort of thing you can only print in magazines with fold out pictures. You know, the usual.”
“Ah.” Odin shrugged smoothly and turned. His one eye fixed on Conrad.
It seared, terrifying and old in a way he didn’t have the words to describe. Like being five years old and knowing there was a jealous ghost in the attic, watching, resenting him for no reason but that he existed and it didn’t. Like being disassembled for parts, being only parts, bits of a whole seen again and again until the schematic was useless and incomplete compared to memory.
This man, this not-man, this god had torn apart cities as casually as knocking down sand castles. He’d destroyed entire species, races, clans, bloodlines. He’d slaughtered armies because they’d fight better for him dead, and when he looked at Conrad, through Conrad, Conrad could see it, all of it, the horrible knowledge spread out without emotion, without detail. Only fact.
“Which one of the children is he in then?”
“Oh, come on,” Loki snapped, his smile gone in a flash and he looked actually disappointed. “After all that build up—the dog, the birds, the fucking abyss—you’re not even going to fight me for him?”
Smiling, Odin turned to regard Lily with all the knowledge of a single eye. Conrad felt her flinch beside him and, hey, no, not cool, dude. No one did that to his Lily, even if she wasn’t actually his and, okay, capable of burning down an entire apartment building if she really wanted to. And yeah, sure, she could take care of herself, but Conrad stepped in front of her just the same, because he was getting really tired of these gods and their death beams.
Impassive as stone, Odin watched Conrad instead, considering the base parts of his base parts now that he’d gotten in the way. The expression on his face didn’t change, but long years of public schooling had left Conrad with a spider sense of when he was being laughed at.
“The boy looks more your type, but a bit in each is more your style,” Odin mused. “Tell me, Loki. Which one are you sleeping with?”
Loki glared, sullen and ready to fight. “Neither, as it so happens, you old twit.”
His expression did change then—just a twitch, a flicker of amusement there and gone in the crows’ feet beside his eyes.
“Hmm, yes. I suppose they are tidy little bookends.”
“Cute, yeah, whatever,” Loki snapped, waving a hand in the air. “Am I gonna get my war or what?”
“In a moment.” And then with a strange, horrible look in his eyes, “Mimir!”
Odin’s voice rang in Conrad’s head like an echo in a certain cave beneath a mountain where he’d never been, but that he knew, knew in his blood, in his bones. For a horrible, suspended moment, Conrad smelled copper and acid, the stench of rotting fish and seaweed and old marrow bones. He smelled snake skin, leathery but molding from the damp. He heard weeping. A woman. Cursing. He felt fingers playing on the wrong side of his belly button, trailing through his innards like his fingers through Lily’s hair, and it didn’t hurt, but it sure as hell felt weird.
I’m not nearly that easy, you sorry sack of entrails, Mimir chuckled in his head, and suddenly the feeling was gone, leaving Conrad kind of queasy and wondering just when this family reunion from hell would swallow him.
For his part, Loki looked immensely pleased with himself. He turned and, catching Conrad’s eyes, glanced at the body, then at Conrad and winked.
Oh.
Oh shit. No.
Conrad knew what he wanted, sure. He also knew there was a whole lot of shit and a truckload of industrial strength fans involved. But at this point, Loki knew him well enough to take the look of nausea on his face for understanding and grinned, turning back to Odin.
“Well, that was a spectacular failure,” he announced, grinning. “You know, I didn’t believe Hod when he said you were getting older, but you really are. Maybe you need new batteries.”
Odin pursed his lips. “Possibly I need a new family,” he grumbled.
Behind his glasses, Hothe’s eyes flashed in a way entirely too reminiscent of his father’s. He grabbed the opportunity to take that as an insult and strode forward, putting himself between Odin and Conrad.
“If it were that easy, I’d have beaten you to it long ago,” he snapped, peevish.
“Come on,” Conrad whispered into Lily’s ear at the same time Odin said, “Ah, so that’s where you buried yourself, Hod. What are you now? Some sort of human academic?”
Fingers locked, Conrad and Lily crept around his blind side while the others ran distraction. Avoiding the empty eye socket, they scurried away in a crouch, ducking behind the log-table-counter that held Mimir’s body.
Not really knowing what else to do, Conrad sprayed it with Miracle-Gro.
Nothing happened.
“Well, shit,” he muttered.
“What do we do now?” Lily whispered.
“I don’t know. Try to get Mimir back in there?”
On the other side of the counter, Fenris drawled something about chicken and gods and how they tasted good together. Even Conrad could feel the potential for sudden, magical death crackling in the air. Though, granted, he’d been getting some serious practice lately.
Lily squeezed his hand again, lips pursed so tight he could see where the blood left and the color from her Popsicle began.
“Is he…?”
Closing his eyes, Conrad groped around in his head, trying to feel anything unusual but feeling infuriatingly like himself, with his eyes shut, thinking about nothing while the world fell to bits around them.
Mimir, he thought pointedly. And when that didn’t work, repeated it again and again.
Nothing.
“I’m starting to think the best place for you really would be tied up in eternal torment under a mountain,” Odin said, voice just as even as always but decidedly less charmed by Loki’s stunning personality.
“I can’t find him,” Conrad hissed, far too close to panic for comfort. “I can feel him—I mean, I know he’s still in there—but I can’t get to him.”
Lily looked sort of sick. “Want me to zap you?”
On the other side of the barrier, Loki laughed.
“Sounds kinky,” he purred at Odin. “But you know you’d miss me.”
Conrad flinched. They were running out of time. “Do it.”
Leaning in, Lily poked him in the forehead. A brain freeze flared up through his cranium and Conrad knew the others were talking, but he could only hear a roaring in his ears that might have come from being zapped or might have been the pressure of undiffused magic in the air. Head full of panicked, wooly cotton, he could almost hear distant, pissy British muttering.
“Miss the trouble you cause?” Odin’s voice broke through the haze, clear and dangerous.
“Did it work?” Lily asked, a hand on his wrist.
Did it work? Did it? What was it even supposed to do? Conrad didn’t know if anything had changed, except his head kind of hurt now and he could almost hear Mimir bitching about unappreciative brats, which kind of sounded like him, except the whole incoming instant death thing was really making the first rule of the Hitchhiker’s Guide kind of hard to follow. Except it was all Conrad could think of—don’t panic, don’t panic—and suddenly Hothe was right next to the table, the edge of the counter gouging into his hip, the root clump dangling over his shoulder. He had a big-ass shield up in front of him, a snarl curling at his lips, and judging by the look on his face, things were Not Going Well.
“Is he listening?” he asked without taking his attention from his father and, wow, he was kind of desperate, which just made the don’t panic thing a hell of a lot harder.
“The trouble I get you out of?” Loki laughed. Conrad didn’t need to see him to hear the grin in his voice. “For no more reason than the kindness of my heart, I might add?”
“He’s ignoring us,” Conrad hissed and sucked in a deep breath, trying to think of Popsicles and Lily and not dying.
Out in the clearing-hardwood-marble, Odin smiled, his staff in his hand, and Conrad could see that, though he was pretty sure he hadn’t been carrying a staff when he came in. From a few of the older sets of speakers in several different once-realities, fifties music crackled sweetly, cracked and pitted, into life.
Lily swallowed and braved a peek over Mimir’s chest.
“Not good,” she managed.
“Alright then,” Odin drawled. “I’ll leave your heart intact.”
“Get down!” Hothe hissed, just as his father turned to smile at them, not a gray hair out of place. And Conrad could see Loki’s shields blazing around him through the root clump, fire licking patterns down his arms like he was the tastiest thing ever. Fenris bristled and grinned, spittle streaming down bear-trap jaws that could never close, and he was growing, still growing, laughing in a way that didn’t promise a full bag of marbles.
“Can’t hurt me, old man,” Fenris said from his father’s side. “Seer says I’m fireproof.”
“Well, we’ll have to test that, won’t we?” Odin chuckled. “But first—” and turning, a spell shattered from his fingers, a blast of messy, prolonged death searing into Hothe’s shield.
Hothe grunted, hit the ground hard on his knees when his legs buckled, face twisted up in pain. But he held the shield, still upright.
And Odin actually looked pleased.
“You’ve gotten better,” he said, sounding proud, which, okay. Conrad knew the gods were all pretty screwed up, but oh look, I couldn’t kill you, I’m so proud was a strange, new low.
“He learned from me,” Loki snarled and grinned, shape rippling. “Stop picking on the kiddies and hit me, dammit.”
Odin turned to look at him, half-laughing. “Hit you? Or the dozen killing charms you have in your pocket?” he chuckled. “I know you too well, Loki. You cheat.”
“I may do. Never stopped you before.”
“Yeah, yeah. That’s great,” Fenris cut in, weaving past his father and out into the battlefield-clearing-hallway. “Swagger, swagger, sniff, sniff. Get on with it.”
Loki shrugged. “Sure,” he drawled. “Why not?”
And half the world exploded.
Conrad hit the ground, eyes squeezed shut, head covered, wracking his brain for any sign of British distain. But there was nothing. Nothing he could hear over this roar at any rate. And when he cracked his eyes open again, he found death beams whistling overhead, careening in and out of reality, knife-sharp shapes battering against their barricade. For every attack that hit Loki, Conrad watched three more shatter against Hothe’s shield like grenades, tearing up earth and tile wherever they hit, and Conrad saw him sweating with the force of holding the protection up, trembling, about to shatter himself.
“Get down, you idiot!” Conrad shouted.
“You honestly believe a tree alone is going to protect you?” Hothe snarled back, hair falling into eyes that were losing their humanity. “Get the body and get Mimir.”
Lily stood, crouching behind her own shield and, half draped across the tree-table-counter, pressed a hand to Hothe’s back.
“You can’t hold it yourself,” she ground out, forcing her shield around. Conrad watched it blend into the one Hothe held, shimmering with a rainbow of unnamable colors as yet more instant death flew screaming their way.
As good a time as any, he figured and popped up like a demented gopher in a bombing run. Hoping to whoever would listen the shields held, Conrad grabbed the corpse’s arm and pulled.
Nothing happened.
Well, shit. He wasn’t exactly Hercules here, but you’d think he’d be able to budge the thing. Conrad tried again, shoving with all his weight behind it. Beside him, Lily swallowed a scream and nearly pitched off the table, a particularly nasty bolt sending energy slicing down her arms. Conrad could feel her shaking next to him, could hear her teeth rattling, and he had to do this.
Fueled by desperation, fear, and something approaching rage, Conrad wrenched at the corpse. He put all his weight against it, all his metal energy—wrenched the corpse with all the strength he had, and it still didn’t budge. Mimir’s body stayed stuck fast to the tree like it was the tree.
Through the maddening swell, Odin’s staff knocked once against the ground. Conrad watched, horrified as Loki sailed backward into a hill-cliff-wall. Mouth bleeding freely, he landed in a cloud of debris, bounced with a sickening crack, tumbled into the rubble like a ragdoll, and did not move.
Everything went silent.
Fenris froze, torn between ripping Odin apart and running to Loki.
After a long moment, he went to his father.
Lily sank down beside Conrad, looking battered and broken.
“Mimir?” she mouthed.
Conrad couldn’t speak. He settled for a gesture. In the movies, events like this called for small, smug gestures like very dramatic chin tilting or smirking. Gestures that said, oh, everything is under control there, miss. I’m just waiting for the soundtrack to get to the really loud, dramatic bit before I saunter out. Not worries whatsoever, please.
Conrad’s gesture wasn’t that sort of gesture. Conrad’s gesture was more of a flail that managed to convey Mimir’s off taking the metaphorical piss I cannot move his body my history professor is going to die and we will be impaled on the explosion of ribs and femurs and die also I don’t know what to do this was not on the loan application when the hell did I sign up for this all in one neat, hysterical package.
In the clearing-hardwood-marble, Odin straightened his suit, brushing a bit of dust off of his shoulder. He turned and smiled at Conrad like the grandfather he never knew he had and funny how he managed to look more normal than Conrad’s real grandfather doing it.
“I have wanted to do that for centuries, you have no idea how much,” he announced amicably.
Conrad glanced at Loki, waiting for him to get up.
He looked dead.
For a long moment, thought stopped. Conrad felt empty. Loki looked dead.
Don’t panic, whispered the soundtrack in his head.
Fenris nosed Loki’s body, muttering something—muttering, okay, and maybe it was a spell or something because he wasn’t whimpering, not Fenris, nothing to worry about, don’t panic, don’t panic, he just looked dead.
He looked dead.
“So you must be Conrad. Nice to finally meet you,” Odin said, smiling. “I believe you have something of mine?”
Eat shit, Conrad wanted to say. He didn’t think he’d live long enough to finish saying it, but he didn’t know what else to do. Risking a glance at Hothe for help, he found the man didn’t look human anymore.
“Fuck you,” Hothe growled and, wow, hey, eat shit would have been a totally appropriate thing to say. Great. He’d remember it for next time.
Except Conrad suspected Hothe had only said it to take the attention back onto himself and away from the poor, defenseless humans, because he shoved Lily back behind the table and stood, hardly showing how much of a struggle it was, but Conrad could see he hurt in every place there was to hurt.
Odin, for his part, sighed.
“Hod. Throwing your lot in with Loki, I see. I’m disappointed in you.”
“Yes. Imagine that. Loyalty. What a novel concept.”
Odin arched an eyebrow at Hothe, and Conrad could have happily lived the rest of his life not knowing that was a family trait.
“Loyalty? Really?” he asked and that was it. That was all he said, but Baldr’s name hung unspoken in the air between them, and Hothe ground his teeth, magic gnashing around his arms.
“I had a reason, dammit,” he snarled. “What’s your reason? Hiding from Ragnarok? Allow me to be the first to say there is no wall you can build—no geas-bound army of human souls—that can ever save any of us.”
Ducked beneath the counter-table-tree, Lily crawled over beside him. Together, they pulled at Mimir, but even between the two of them they couldn’t move him. Not even his arm moved.
“Fudge,” Lily hissed and ,okay, Conrad had to appreciate a woman who wouldn’t say fuck, even in the face of the apocalypse. “Happily Ever After.”
He could overlook the fact she was crazy.
The fifties music crackling from the speakers interrupted his desperate happy thoughts, static louder, the sound of it distant, echoing down a rusty tin pipe to get to them. Even as he listened, the words started to change, half-forgotten, different language.
Odin didn’t look nearly so impressed with his kid anymore.
“You’re a god. Not much of one, granted, but a god nonetheless. Start acting like it.”
Tiny nightmares spilled from Hothe’s eyes. “We are not immune to death.”
“Happily ever after?” Conrad hissed. “If being stuck to a damn log is your idea of happy—”
“It’s a spell,” she snapped, prodding the body while sparks slipped from beneath her fingernails. “In fairy tales, when there’s some girl stuck in one place, asleep for the rest of forever until terms are met—it’s a Happily Ever After.”
Conrad felt sick. “Should we kiss him then?”
Even despite the death threats in the air around them, Lily managed to shoot him the you are an idiot why do I like you? look.
“Tell me, Hod,” Odin purred, too close for comfort. “When was the last time you took apples from Idunn?”
Conrad glanced up to find Hothe looked as sick as he felt.
“You can’t keep doing this,” he ground out, sounding disgusted, but there was something warped about it. Conrad couldn’t tell if he was sick with himself or his father.
“Keep doing what, precisely? Reclaiming what this cretin steals from me? No, you’re right. And I have no intention of doing so.”
“Well, it must suck to be you then. This cretin has no intention of stopping,” Loki mumbled, somewhat incoherently, pulling himself up from the rubble with a hand on Fenris’s shoulder, wiping the blood from his chin with the back of an already filthy sleeve.
Odin turned to watch him, deadpan. “Oh. I didn’t kill you, I see. A pity.”
Lily managed somehow to look relieved, angry, and terrified in the same second.
“We just need to meet the terms,” she whispered, like that was easy as pie and they’d be done in time for lunch.
“Alright.” Conrad swallowed and tried to look as Zen as she. “What are the terms?”
“I don’t know. It feels like Loki’s magic, but it’s not. It’s… it’s warped somehow.”
“Well, can we unwarp it?”
Lily looked at him like someone had crucified her puppy. “I can’t.”
“Always was hard to kill. You know that,” Loki sniggered. His mouthful of broken teeth healed, shifting back the way they’d been, bloody but whole. The leg that had been bent at ragdoll angles straightened. He stopped limping and stood without Fenris’s help, long fingers of his left hand trailing through the bloody fur. “Feel better now, Grimnir? You think now that you’ve got that out of your system we can talk like members of the modern age?”
Odin smiled, looking at Loki like he kind of liked him after all but really wanted to see him devoured by something acidic anyway.
“Pillage and burn was always so much easier though.”
Casually, with a twist of the fingers, Odin cast another spell. Fire, feeding on itself, grew as it screamed toward them, and Conrad knew. He could feel it in his blood, in his bones, in whatever part of him he got from Loki once upon a time—and Fenris ran, but Conrad knew he couldn’t run fast enough to block the spell, asbestos fur or no, and a tree-sometimes barrier wasn’t going to stop it. It’d hit Lily or Hothe—too close to see which, no time to see which—and both were in too much pain to get a shield up fast enough.
Conrad didn’t have time to shout or think, only enough time to vault up and over the tree-table-counter and into its way.
He heard his name, something that sounded like you idiot and oh god and a rather disappointed fuck for good measure, and then he couldn’t hear much of anything except fire and light roaring in his ears, blinding him, pressing him down, and choking, and he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t breathe—
Except he was breathing. He was breathing fine. Nothing in the world wrong with him.
Conrad straightened, glared at the fire, and watched as it abruptly went out, leaving his skin itchy and pink.
“A sunburn?” he asked, feeling like a hero, like an idiot, and a whole lot like he was about to faint. “Hey, great and powerful wizard, I come all the way to Oz and all you give me is a sunburn?”
The roar set up shop in his ears again, aching and stretching inside his too small skull.
“What in the hell were you thinking, that was so stupid, argh,” he heard Hothe cursing, right next to him—when had he gotten so close?
And what was going on? His ears rang like a whole goddamned church had crawled inside his head to die and, wow, he really hoped this wasn’t the pry your head open like a clam part of the morning, but his head hurt, and he was pretty sure Hothe was the only thing holding him upright because he couldn’t feel his legs at all, only the vortex where his head had been.
“Ow, shit, ow,” he groaned. “Make him stop. I’ll just give him Mimir, alright. Jesus god, he can take him, ow, just cut it out.”
Lily ran a hand through his hair, whispering nonsense—almost positively nonsense—maybe some sort of spell or something because he thought he could feel her sunshine prickling at his skin, but maybe not because Hothe was shouting—bellowing at his father, and that didn’t make much sense either.
His vision swam and spun, twisting him around and inside out in time to the throbbing of his head, and when Conrad could make any sort of sense of his surroundings, hey, guess what, he was on the ground. When that had happened, he had absolutely no idea. Was he even on the ground?
But he could see Hothe from where he lay, not looking like himself at all. Or maybe he looked too much like himself, because his glasses were off—clenched in Lily’s hand—and horrible, horrible things flashed in his eyes as he stormed across the room, staring his father down and, even woozy, Conrad could see the imprint of a millennium in his stance and shoulders.
“I haven’t done a thing, actually,” Odin announced, sounding offended and, what, really? “Spell came back muttering about Miracle-Gro.”
And apparently Hothe had just become the trouble because Loki was trying to talk him down when, hey, wasn’t Odin the big problem? But Odin had his shields up, smiling and goading, saying, “How is it you’re so desperate to protect a random human when you can kill your own kin in cold blood?”
Hothe stilled. The room went icy cold and the wind died. As the branches of the sometimes trees stopping moving, the body breathing easy on the counter took on a pallid blue hue. Suddenly there was something else in the room. Something bigger and older and terrifying. Conrad couldn’t see it, but Odin could, and Loki could.
Loki looked perturbed, somewhere between irritated and worried, and he turned, just enough from where he’d been holding Hothe back, and Conrad saw it.
The creature wasn’t tangible. It ate stray limbs fallen over the edge of the bed at night. It lived in the closet, in the attics and alleys, sewers and shadows and the back of his mind. It was fear and loss and all the things that happened in dark spaces.
It was hungry.
“Put your nightmare away, boy,” Odin growled.
“Stand down,” Hothe growled in two voices. “Or I’ll bury you with Baldr.”
It was Hod.
“Conrad, you have to concentrate,” Lily whispered in his ear. “You’re being possessed. I didn’t catch it soon enough. You’re going to have to throw that asshole out yourself.”
“What?” he asked, or tried to, but his mouth wasn’t really working.
And, wow, his head throbbed like something was clawing its way out and oh shit what if something was? A pretty mental image to die with. He could just see it now—him, languishing in Lily’s really very nice lap, having a dramatic, prolonged death throe, and then some kind of alien busting out of his cranium, screeching for whatever aliens screech for and, hey, he couldn’t feel his arms.
Or rather he could, but they weren’t his.
And where had the pain gone?
Oh. Right. Possession. Well, shit.
Conrad stood up and glared at Odin. This was probably the very last thing in the world Conrad wanted to be doing. Both the upright thing and the glaring at the god trying to kill him thing seemed to be spectacularly bad ideas.
“If you could both stop flexing long enough to form a coherent thought, I would greatly appreciate it,” Mimir drawled, and it was Conrad’s body and Conrad’s mouth, but thank god it wasn’t his vocal chords because, hey, guy in Conrad’s head? There was only one thing standing between Odin and Mimir, and that one thing was Conrad’s very fragile and decidedly breakable body. So hey, why not give being polite and friendly a try? Didn’t that sound great?
“Conrad, you idiot,” Lily muttered.
Conrad tried to look at her, but his head wouldn’t turn. So he looked for something else he could do to signal he was alright. Finding his right arm unoccupied, Conrad seized on the chance. Except apparently Mimir had changed the locks while he was out and now all the controls were different, so all he managed to do was flail one arm like a really pissed off fish.
Behind him, Lily started to giggle in a slightly hysterical way. Mimir ignored him, continuing to stare at Hod and Odin in a threatening and unimpressed type manner, thoroughly ruined when Conrad somehow managed to wedge his arm down the front of his own shirt and couldn’t get it back out.
Yeah, well. Welcome to his existence, old dude. Conrad couldn’t do threatening and unimpressed, even when a god was doing it for him.
Loki looked like he was trying very hard not to smirk. Conrad concentrated equally hard and gave him the finger.
Mimir took the arm back.
How you have managed to survive this long in the world is a mystery to me, he thought at Conrad, being rather ungrateful for a body hijacker.
My fly’s undone, Conrad thought back.
He found the brief jolt of argh immensely satisfying. Until he saw Hod fixing the full force of his nightmare stare on Mimir now and if he hadn’t known Hothe so well, the shadow-history professor overlap would have him screaming in his sleep for years.
“Let him go,” Hothe growled in two voices.
“I would love to. Believe me, I never want to exist this close to puberty again. But as I have informed the children already, I am incapable of self-locomotion at the present time. So kindly bugger off.”
“Yes, well, self-locomotion is no problem at all,” Loki grinned and swaggered forward, looking charming and entirely unlike he had almost just died. “Gimme a minute to pop you back into your head and we’ll be golden.”
“No,” Odin said, and Conrad could hear the copper and acid in his voice again. “Let’s not.”
The old god didn’t move. No spell, no nothing, not even a twitch of the mouth. But in the mist between the trees, a dog shape appeared, growling. It filled the middle spaces, real in every year that played between the trees and technology, filling out from puppy to giant hound and back again, eight different breeds crammed into a single skin, all of them trying to devour each other at the same time and, okay, seeing him, the fire engine bark made sense.
“What, again? Really?” Loki snapped, glaring and utterly unimpressed. “Is there a hole in the bottom of your bag of tricks or something?”
Odin turned to glare at him, looking kind of like he wanted someone’s head to explode and wasn’t sure whose. Loki snorted, made a face right back, and crossed the room anyway. Snarling, Garm lunged from the trees, but Fenris met him halfway, bigger and twice as mean, all shining teeth and snapping jaws. Garm howled like a banshee giving birth, but Fenris swore louder than the howls, creative enough to put an alcoholic veteran to shame, in between gashing blows of teeth.
“Clever trick with my birds, by the way,” Odin announced, sounding less like he thought it was clever and more as though he wanted someone to die, messily and at length. “I mean to pay you back for it in kind.”
“Oh, bloody hell,” Loki swore. “Grow up.”
Glowering, he strode right through what was about to be a dogfight and Odin only watched him, amused and angry with one eyebrow cocked, but apparently magical shields protected against magical attacks, not pissed off giants. Because Loki shifted, large and Jotun, and Conrad could see the runes all down the fist he slammed through the ward and into Odin’s one good eye.
Hothe grinned, nastily, two people at the moment and both of them looking like they’d happily get really violent. In a second he’d crossed the room, flying, walking, running, loping, all of it at once, all of the creatures Conrad had ever believed would get him while he slept.
“You bloody-minded simple idiots,” Mimir snarled. “Act like Aesir.”
Odin didn’t change sizes, but his hand flashed out and caught Loki by the throat. The grip didn’t last long. They rampaged off in a blur, a series of blows exchanged faster than Conrad could follow, before Loki reeled away, breathing hard and grinning.
“Just like old times,” he panted.
Odin rolled his eye. “Do shut up.”
“What, now? You call that foreplay? We haven’t even gotten started.”
Across the room, Fenris’s patience broke and he barreled into Garm, sending a furry ball of death careening through the field-foyer. Half of Hothe swelled up, huge with a round mouth full of teeth. He lunged at his father, laughing like funeral bells as Loki joined in next to him and together they spun and swelled like a star about to die.
Conrad watched them tear up the place without a care in the world. Let them go. Let them have the world.
But then, he stood and watched as they came too close to Lily. Lily, who could barely get a shield up she was so damn exhausted, and exhausted because of this pack of assholes. He watched a handful of careless spells almost kill them both and, oh yeah.
Conrad was pissed.
Pressure built in the back of his head, seeping out from behind his eyes, but no, nothing to worry about, just something totally unnatural oozing out of his skin. It felt like Lily’s sunlight but sharper, hotter, with the tang of Loki’s chaos, something like electricity and falling, and it was his.
Just like his body, thanks very much, and he’d be taking that back now.
Conrad seized on the feeling, on the growing, burning possibility, and pushed. Something snapped into place and suddenly his arms were his again, locks all the way they were, controls in order.
“Not now, you idiot,” Mimir hissed inside his head, sounding bewildered and half-panicked, and welcome to the goddamned club, you son of a bitch, that’s what possession felt like.
And hey, while he still knew which way went up on this ray gun, this little tiff had gone on long enough. Conrad let the feeling swell, let it wash over him, feeling the void, the scattered starlight on his skin, and it burned. It burned and itched and prickled on the inside of his skin, pressure building behind his eyes, shining through his eyes, and it was too damn easy to pull the trigger.
Conrad wasn’t trained. He wasn’t powerful. He only had a little bit of chaos from whatever ancestor it was that screwed Loki in the first place. But he was desperate and pissed, and he didn’t know what was possible and what wasn’t, but apparently his magic didn’t think it polite to inform him he couldn’t do what he was doing and just went and did it anyway.
A ball of hot death leaped from his fingers and shattered into the tangle of gods. Hothe dissipated. Just blinked out of existence for a second and reappeared on the other side of the room, human again, next to Lily. Loki and Odin jumped apart like cats doused in cold water, both turning to look at him. Loki’s eyes burned black, hair tousled and wild as his sharp-toothed grin. Where Conrad’s magic rested on his skin, it burned, lit up with a color Conrad didn’t have a name for, and Loki looked like he’d just licked a light socket and was ecstatic to have done so.
Hothe looked mortified. He pushed his hair back into place, took his glasses from Lily and readjusted them on his face. Odin glowered, his suit rippling. Possibly, it wasn’t the fabric’s fault.
“Child’s chaos, Mimir?” he spat and was very much less man-shaped than he’d been a moment ago.
Conrad stared him down, chest heaving and furious as hell.
“Mimir,” he growled. “Stepped out.”
“Yes, hello, remember us?” Lily snarled and pushed herself upright to stand above Mimir’s body. Her hand was glowing, pressed to the center of his chest, and judging by the sear starting on the sheet, Happily Ever After meant Lily got to be the Wicked Witch. “Yeah, well, this complete and total idiocy stops now.”
Suddenly Odin was very human and grandfatherly again. He whistled from the side of his mouth with a sort of apologetic look, watching as Garm broke away from Fenris to scamper, bleeding, back into the mist.
Arms crossed, Loki watched her, halfway between the body and Odin.
“Problem, sweetheart?” he asked, amused.
“I don’t know how you solved problems where you come from, but hey, guess what?” she snapped, glaring between the two of them. “Obviously, it doesn’t work.”
Odin chuckled. He hadn’t seen Lily in action. Also, he’d obviously been away from home awhile now, as somehow a woman so far past rage she’d reached Annoyance of the Black Hole Variety—as in, you enter, but you sure as hell don’t come out—wasn’t something he knew to fear.
“Girl child,” he started, and Lily fixed him with a look. Her hand flared.
Doing the smart thing, Odin stopped talking, but he smiled, wheedling, and inched a little closer.
Conrad didn’t care what he was going to do. He didn’t care if he was about to recreate the world with sunshine, rainbows, and sparkly unicorns. His magic blazed up and out, reaching for anything close enough to consume, and he wasn’t in control. He didn’t even look in control. He had sparks shooting out of him and onto the grass-wood-marble, he wasn’t one hundred percent sure his clothes weren’t smoking, but one thing he did look?
Dangerous.
Odin reconsidered.
“You’ve got a spark in you, girl. Reminds me of Thor’s mother,” he said, perfectly charming, though now at a safe distance. “Would you happen to be in the market for divinity?”
Lily smiled. It was not the sort of smile Conrad ever wanted fixed on him, ever. “You are the one who got us into this mess. If you’d like to hand over your soul and an apology, I think we can do business. Otherwise…”
Loki grinned. “That’s my girl.”
Conrad turned and glared at him, bits of horrible, violent possibility swimming in the air around him, wrenching like large, eager dogs on impossibly tiny leashes.
“Now is not the time to be a dick, Loki. I am two seconds away from blasting Mimir into the stratosphere,” he said and smiled a horrible, twisted smile that would only pass for humor in present company. “Bet you I can do it.”
Inexplicably at Lily’s side, Fenris sniggered.
“How many dodos?”
“Don’t goad them, you idiot,” Odin snapped and started forward, thinking better of it when Lily’s hand got brighter and Hothe’s nightmare slipped.
“Save your orders for the Einherjar,” Hothe snarled, and Conrad had absolutely no idea what that meant, but he was pretty sure it was the old Norse equivalent of save the drama for your mama—and when had Hothe gotten to Lily’s side, anyway?
“If they damage Mimir—” Odin started.
Loki snorted. “Aw, shut up. She’s got nothing on Angrboda in a pisser.”
“Damage, hell,” Conrad broke in. “I, for one, am going to disassemble Mimir.”
“And I would just like to note the sudden concern from the man who slaughtered me,” Mimir interjected.
“You know,” Lily drawled pleasantly, so close to conversational that all eyes flew to her in a hurry. “I happened upon a spell once that supposedly summons Frigg. Now, I’m clever enough to know it’s only going to catch her attention for a few moments, but I do wonder just what she’d think of this.”
Lily looked at Odin, smiling.
“You are acting like children. If you don’t whip ‘em out, measure, and call it a day already, I am going to do something you will all immensely regret.”
Loki sniggered. “I’d win.”
You’d cheat, shape shifter, Conrad wanted to say, but Lily made a sound that wasn’t a word but nevertheless described exactly which of their wives she would bring down in a frothing Valkyrie rage if her expectations weren’t met within the next three seconds, and Loki thought better of it.
Odin sized her up, managing to look both shifty and angry.
“There is no such spell. Put your night light out, girl, before I do something you will immensely regret.”
But Lily only blinked at him, and Conrad wondered kind of distantly if she had someone in her head too because this looked a hell of a lot like suicide.
“Would you like to hear about my day, Mr. Wednesday? My day involved almost having my eyes pecked out by giant crows, fleeing for my life through the Middle Ground, and bargaining with the Fates,” she said, staring him down. “This little song and dance of yours does not impress me.
“I am tired, I am pissed off, and I want to go home without worrying your lack of socially appropriate communication skills will follow me back in a violent and disfiguring way. So either I summon your wife—who, I suspect, will be about as pleased with all of this as I am—or you learn to talk about your feelings,” she said, and then, throwing down the next three words like a gauntlet: “Take. Your. Pick.”
Well, Conrad decided, this day had gone about as far downhill as it could without someone maimed or dying. Maybe it was time to get this Popsicle stand on the road.
“Loki, how do I get Mimir back into his body?”
“You don’t,” Odin cut in, a dangerous look in his eyes.
“Eat shit,” Conrad snarled back, giving into temptation. “I am done with this game, you son of a bitch. Done. I’m not going to be some prancing happy chosen one. I’m not going to be possessed or—or a chalice for some smarmy, unappreciative old bastard. And when I get home, my apartment better be pristine or I am going to track you down with a celestial bazooka and spread your ashes from one side of the globe to another. Fucking see you at Ragnarok, you ass.”
Odin blinked at him, both infuriated and taken aback that a human would dare threaten his life, and Conrad had a brief moment of oh shit, here we go before Lily cut in.
“And while we’re on the subject,” she snapped, “would someone like to tell me what on this earth could you possibly need to lock someone in your well for two thousand years for? On what warped reality does that seem okay to you?”
Hothe chuckled, darkly. He looked human, but obviously he hadn’t sorted out his innards yet because he sounded like broken glass gargling tortured souls of the damned.
“He’s afraid Mimir will leave him if he gives him the choice.”
Odin turned and spat something in a language that, judging by its resemblance to a seesaw hacking up gravel, was probably Old Norse. Going by how pissed he was, Hothe was probably also exactly right.
“Really? That’s what this has been about?” Mimir asked, projecting through Conrad’s mouth while he was too distracted to stop him. “You idiot.”
Odin turned to glare at Conrad, which, not cool, Mimir. But glaring back at Odin put Loki in his line of sight. Loki who, making a pointed gesture, slipped down into a rat and scurried off toward Lily.
Okay. Distraction duty. After all this, he could sure as hell distract.
Possibly, the only thing he could do and do well.
“What did he even do that you stuck him in a well in the first place?” Conrad pressed, smirking in a way that always pissed him off when other people did it. “I mean, really?”
“He betrayed me,” Odin threw back. “He’ll do it again no sooner than his fingers are his own again, the lying bastard.”
“Well, the way I hear it, you’re not exactly sunshine and rainbows yourself.”
“I was leaving,” Mimir broke finally, exasperated. “Such a betrayal, I know, that someone would dare wish to be parted from the pleasure of your company for half a second of privacy.”
“The Vanir, Mimir?”
“Oh, by the Tree, I was sleeping with Hoenir’s sister, if you must know. Hardly a matter worth noting, but since you’ve brought it up, she had absolutely no desire for power whatsoever. As you can imagine, it was something of a refreshing change.”
 Odin fixed Conrad with a disgruntled look.
“Sinmara?”
“Yes, Sinmara. And would you like to know what the great and fearsome terror does these days? Runs a rather nice library, wherein she displays her collection of tiny, porcelain cats. She’ll be sending her armies of monsters and ravagers trampling through Valhalla any day now, provided you’ve a book overdue.”
“Wait? This is about a woman too?” Conrad interrupted just as Loki reappeared at Lily’s side. “Wow. Even I don’t suck at girls that much.”
Loki chuckled. “I remember the good ol’ days. Daddy sold off his best girl. Or we stopped by and carried off the girl. Or occasionally, the girl stopped by and carried one of us off. Good times.” He grinned, propping an elbow on Mimir’s chest and his chin in his hand. “Language really buggered everything up, didn’t it, Biflindi?”
Odin glared at him but didn’t seem surprised Loki wasn’t where he’d left him. He adjusted his suit and glared at Conrad instead.
“If I let this pass, I’ll have an army nipping at my heels in a fortnight.”
“I had intended on giving it a year, actually. Believe it or not, I’ve always been rather fond of you, you old bastard. Make no mistake, I absolutely intend on killing you now. But I might keep you around in a crystal ball or a pair of boots or something for old time’s sake.”
Way to not help, dude. But Odin laughed.
“I imagine you would, yes,” he said, a calculating look in his eyes. “And I could use the challenge.”
Loki shrugged and grinned. “Hell yeah. You’re getting really boring in your paranoid old age, Odin. It’s not like I’m about to bust out the bone ship just yet.”
Something in the way he said just yet made it seem more like Conrad come here. Easing toward them while Odin was distracted, Conrad caught Lily giving him the Face That Meant Something. He suspected it meant hurry up.
“Perhaps not, no,” Odin agreed. “But if I kill you both now, Ragnarok will be stopped.”
“Holy fuck, would that be boring. Change is the spice of life. You want to spend the rest of eternity without my parties or Mim’s rampant conspiracy theories? What would you do? Knit? Personally, I’d prefer the end of the world.”
Finally, Conrad sidled up next to Lily and as close to safety as he was about to get. Looking down, he saw her finger’s laced through Mimir’s. Loki had one arm casually strung through hers, Hothe had an arm casually strung through his and Fenris was biting his pants leg.
Well, this didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out.
Conrad twined his fingers through Lily’s free hand with a sort of juvenile glee the situation really probably didn’t warrant.
“You would,” Odin sniffed. “You get to steer the ship. I just get eaten.”
“There is that, true.” Loki grinned and winked. “Sucks to be you, I guess.”
And then, all together in a roar of magic and nightmares and a rush of Conrad didn’t even want to know what, they disappeared.

*   *   *

Dark. Lots of dark. Lots of dark and lots of headache and very little up and down. Conrad really would have preferred a few directional markers at the moment. He tried to say as much, and also mention that Mimir was trying to pull something funny with his head again, but Lily shushed him.
“Move your leg,” Loki told him from somewhere very close.
Conrad sort of flailed around, but he didn’t see legs or Loki, either one.
“Which one is mine again?”
“Oh great,” Hothe muttered. “You’ve broken him.”
“He better not have broken him,” Lily snapped.
“That… would be unfortunate,” Conrad agreed distantly, feeling like he might be sick, but feeling equally sure he didn’t have a stomach at the moment.
Loki chuckled. “Ah, you wouldn’t notice. A little builder’s putty…”
“Is this the crack my head open like a clam part?” Conrad asked and managed to get most of the words in the right places.
“Yup. So shut up, kid,” he said fondly, and Conrad felt gentle fingers in his hair.
A long moment passed. More dark. More headache. No sign of an up or down.
“Nothing’s happened,” Lily announced.
“Because it’s not all one, two, buckle my goddamned shoe, alright?” Loki snapped. “Takes effort.”
Hothe sighed. “We’re doomed. Oh, no, wait. Never mind. There it goes.”
“A pair of pants would have been nice,” Mimir muttered.
“Quit your whining, would you?” Loki said, peeved. “You’ve got a sheet.”

*   *   *

Conrad came to in an alley off Sixth, smelling hot dogs and melted cheese. Loki stood above him, red hair sticking upright, frayed coat buttoned and filthy, smirking like he’d been when they met and, wait, wait a goddamned minute, it was not a dream. It could not have been a dream. He’d been terrified, he’d been hurt, he’d been—
 “Oh, stop it, you sadist,” Lily said, but she was smiling as she punched Loki in the arm and knelt down to help Conrad off the incredibly filthy concrete. “He was trying to make you think you’d hallucinated everything. I take it his evil plan worked?”
Loki sniggered, steadying Conrad as he finally swayed upright. “It was hardly evil.”
“Not evil, no,” Conrad agreed, finding his feet. “Still makes you a giant jackass.”
“It was a pretty wretched thing to try,” Hothe said.
“Mischievous,” Loki insisted. “It was mischievous of me. That’s what I told the monks at the time, too, but they had the whole evil thing stuck in their head and off we went. Blamed all sorts of things on me.
Hothe snorted. “All sorts of mostly true things.”
“Not the matter at hand, Hod, and whose bloody side are you on anyway?”
“Conrad’s, I’d imagine.”
“I’d like some fries,” Fenris grumbled, padding toward the mouth of an alley. “Does this guy sell ‘em?”
“I would like something a little less revealing,” Mimir muttered, stalking out of the darkest corner. “A wet hospital gown covers more than this.”
Beside him, Lily giggled. Somehow, they’d ended up holding hands again, both of them sort of sparkling. Lily looked like she’d been dipped in fairy dust, while he looked like he’d been walking on shag carpeting in wool socks for ten years, sparks shooting off of him in all directions like one of those Fourth of July things, and just disheveled enough to have conceivably spent the past ten years alone in wool socks.
But the whole near-death thing was over, and the smarmy British guy wasn’t in his head, instead walking mostly naked, wearing an impromptu toga, behind them and rather displeased about the lack of underwear at the very least, so Conrad really couldn’t help himself.
He turned, took Lily’s face in his hands, and kissed her.
Hard.
Her magic settled on his skin, twining with his as his tried to lay claim to her entire face, and ten thousand possibilities and futures and adventure that didn’t end in death went up in a hundred thousand tiny explosions behind his eyes, kind of like a mad scientist fused with a dragon, only ten thousand times more awesome, and possibly with something super addictive thrown in. And suddenly Lily’s hands were at his back, her body pressed against him as close as she could be, and the two of them fitted together like the right puzzle pieces found at two different yard sales. And Conrad felt like he’d licked a light socket in the best possible way.

*   *   *

So in the end, four lunatics and a talking wolf walked out of an alley next to a hot dog vendor that would never, ever serve anything to Conrad ever again. Which, yeah, pretty much summed up his life.
But Lily laced her fingers through his, looking as deliriously happy as he felt, and definitely headed toward her apartment, and he didn’t care he’d almost died more times than he could count today. He didn’t care that Loki was obviously following them back, him and Fenris both smiling in the exact same creepy way. Conrad did not even care that horrible Mimir would probably also be borrowing clothes from him he would never see again.
Because, this day?
Epic.



Crystal Lynn Hilbert lives in the forgotten backwaters of Western Pennsylvania and subsists mostly on old trade paperbacks and tea. A fan of things magical and mechanical, her stories tend towards a peculiar blend of science and spell work. These stories have appeared in such magazines as Kaleidotrope, Andromeda Spaceways Inflight Magazine, and with Apex Magazine. 

