Copyright © 2013, Crystal Lynn Hilbert
Published by Crystal Lynn Hilbert at Smashwords
ISBN 9781310130304
This story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living, dead, or otherwise is purely coincidental.
Cover art © 2014, Crystal Lynn Hilbert.
The font used on the cover design is Travelling Typewriter by Carl Krull.


Wedged sideways in the ass crack of Tuesday at too-damn-early a.m., Max heaved himself out bed and, grumbling, lurched off for a shave. He didn’t do a very good job of it.
In fact, he died.
While holding his face to get at the tricky bit by his ear, Max nicked his finger, flinched, and sliced a line down his jaw instead. Blood speckled the sink. Not much—not yet, anyway—just enough to ruin his morning. Max flung the razor into the bowl, cussing blue.
But, of course, his razor hit the faucet and bounced out, onto the floor. So when Max stomped off to get a towel, he slammed the heel of his foot into the upturned blade, slipped and fell.
The back of his head cracked the porcelain sink, and then, for good measure, bounced off the tile floor.
Consciousness in, consciousness out.
World swimming, teeth clenched, Max dragged himself up. He groped a towel off the side of the tub and tried to stop the bleeding, but he’d already left a nasty stain on the floor and he ended up trying to clean that instead. Because shit, yeah? If he stained the tile, there went his safety deposit out the fucking window.
So Max mopped at the floor while his vision blurred and swam, and the pounding in his ears split into a shrill ring. He had to—had to do something… important. But when he tried to stand, he ended up retching into the tub.
Fucking hell, this day.
Max crawled upright. Leaning hard against the wall for balance, he staggered into his room and toppled into bed, burying his face in a pillow. He’d phone in to work later. Just, right now, he needed a lie down. Just for a minute. Maybe ten.
Only, he couldn’t work his fingers. Max tried to pull the covers over his head, but he couldn’t find his arms. He felt cold, cold to his bones. The whole world tilted around him—cold, cold and wet, like water crashing overhead, again and again, in time to the throbbing and the ringing…
He just needed to close his eyes a second. He’d be all right. He’d be…
“You’re dead, Mulligan,” the answer phone snarled. “Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it. You know what? If you can’t be bothered to haul your sorry corpse out of bed today—today, of all the goddamn days—I can’t be bothered to fucking pay you. You hear me, Mulligan? You’re fired.”
Sitting beside himself, Max listened to the recording again, watching the contents of his head leak down the side of the bed and onto the carpet. The recording stopped. A moment later, it started again.
“You’re dead, Mulligan,” the answer phone informed him.
Max stared at the battered back of his skull. “Well, fuck.”
*
When the alarm screeched bloody hell in his ear, Max jerked awake, flung himself out of bed on instinct and scrambled halfway to the bathroom before he spotted a mirror that hadn’t been there the night before.
Max stopped. The mirror faced the bed. And there was a woman sleeping in his bed.
“What the fuck?”
The woman in the bed grunted and shoved a pillow over her bird’s nest of hair. His pillow. At least, it should have been his pillow. She got it from where his pillow always went, but his pillow had a blue case and this one was all gray stripes.
“Mother of God,” he swore. “Who even are you?”
“Nngh,” she grunted with sparkling clarity. “Shut up.”
“Shut up? What the hell are you doing in my bed—I was not drunk.”
The alarm went off again. Max had to find it to glare at it, and when he finally located it he found it sitting on the wrong side of the bed. A fist jumped out from the pile of covers, slammed into the top of an otherwise very happy, clock-holding plastic cat. The cat stopped yowling.
“Look,” he tried again. “I don’t know who the hell you are, but I’m late to work and you’ve got to—”
The woman in the bed sat up like Dracula rising out of a subpar coffin and fixed him with the most intense blue-eyed stare Max had ever seen in his life.
“You,” she said, enunciating very clearly, “are dead.”
“I’m not—” And then a whole lot of vague half-memories caught him up all at once and Max just looked at her.
Well, not at her. At the bed. He remembered going to shave, a whole lot of blood. He’d gotten fired… because of the blood. And then he went to sleep. And… and at some point his landlord showed up? But he hadn’t been late with the fucking rent, even if it did cost an arm and a damn leg and… and wait.
He’d known the landlord was there. That’s why he’d gotten up to shave. Had to get ready for the day, didn’t want to look like utter shite in front of the nice lady his leech bastard landlord had gone and brought with him. Only he’d cut his face and slipped and then…
“I’m dead.”
“A plus,” the blankets snarled. “Now fuck off.”
“But, wait—wait. You were there!”
“I was not there.”
Max jolted across the room, back to the bed, and tried to pull the blanket off of her. “You were! I saw you. My fucking landlord as well.” He stopped trying to wrench at the covers because his hand went straight through. It made him seasick. Duvet-sick. Accusingly, he finished, “You looked in the loo. You saw me.”
“I saw your god-awful ghost boxers. It was terrible.”
Max risked a glance down. He found himself wearing possibly the un-sexiest drawers to ever greet the morning light, so he sidled around the side of the bed instead, and with great dignity, put the footboard between his crotch and her.
“Most people, they see a bloke bleeding all over the tile, they think, ‘Oh, perhaps I’ll phone someone,’” he said.
“I did,” the lump of blankets told him. “I called the landlord and said, ‘Yes, thank you, I’ll take the apartment anyway.’”
“You could have helped me!”
The pile shifted. The fearsome, blue-eyed head reappeared. “You’re dead. You were already dead. You saw me because the landlord was renting the apartment to me.”
Max felt the world opening up under his feet. You’re dead, Mulligan.
“You say that like it should be obvious!”
“It is obvious.”
Glowering, Max crossed his arms over his bare chest. And this was not a chest to be at all ashamed of—he lifted giant bloody bricks for a living, after all—but the way she just lay there looking, she might burn a hole straight through.
“Still could have helped,” he insisted. “Soul in torment, and all that?”
“The landlord would’ve thought I’d lost my mind, charged me more. Anyway, stopping the cycle won’t un-cremate you.”
“I was cremated?”
“Maybe. I don’t know. I look like your mother?”
He didn’t know what to say to that. Didn’t know how to see himself in terms of body and the bits it left behind. Didn’t know how to face a stranger in his flat, how to ford the rising panic—and feeling his feet start to sink through the carpet—through the floor—Max forced himself to stop thinking about it altogether.
He tried glaring, but the woman glared right back, and she was better at it.
“You’re taking up the whole bed,” he tried instead and dared edge around the baseboard. “Shove over.”
The girl in the bed pulled the covers up over her head again. “You’re dead. Go haunt the couch.”
“Lookit the gratitude on you! It’s my bed.”
“The fuck it is. I hauled this thing up three flights of stairs.”
Max started to protest, but midway through opening his mouth he realized she was actually right. His bed had been two mattresses on the floor. Right on the ground, no feet or fancy yellow footboard with fiddly flowers and bits. He’d liked being a bloke who got laid, thanks very much.
“I can’t haunt the couch,” he said, not thinking about it, doing his damnedest to not think about it.
“Fine, bathtub then.”
“But I didn’t die there!” And fuck, there it was. Die. Dead. Max sunk to his ankles in the floor. But he forged on, like tearing off a plaster. “And not the couch either. So shove over.”
The head emerged once again. “Look,” she hissed. “It’s five in the morning. Shut up.”
Max tried a winning smile. It turned up determined, but queasy. “Dunno if anyone mentioned it to you, being as you’re a rather terrifying article, but the monster’s supposed to live under the bed.”
A fist emerged from the covers and deployed a single, centrally located finger in his direction. Max sat down anyway. He found that as long as he thought about football scores and absolutely nothing else, he could just about manage it.
Only, part of his leg went through the woman’s arm and suddenly Max went hot and strange, like static and fast cars and indigestion. But the woman didn’t move, didn’t even notice, so Max got up again. He paced the length of the room, encountered an unfamiliar bureau and veered right back again. Beds were beds, even ones with fancy yellow footboards. Safer territory.
Except, once there, he found himself staring at that awful plastic cat and its damn stupid clock. Max looked at his hand. Looked at the bed sheets through his hand.
Spain/Ireland 4-0, singing “Fields of Anthenry” from the stands.
Steeling himself, Max jabbed a finger through the clock.
The alarm went on again. An arm emerged and slapped it off, like an angry tentacle from the depths.
He didn’t feel a thing. Not a frisson of electricity, not fast cars or indigestion.
You’re dead, Mulligan.
Max prodded his finger into its face. This time, the alarm went on and stayed on.
Right up until the happy plastic cat sailed through his head.
*
Max woke to the sound of pans banging in the next room and grinned. Breakfast, he thought delightedly. Sausages, eggs, delicious crispy bacon. The stomach he didn’t have gnawed itself in anticipation and then, oh yeah, wait.
Dead.
Fucking brilliant start to the morning.
“Jesus God, Charlie. What’re you up to?” he grumbled, padding into the kitchen. Per usual, she glared at him.
Well, no, it wasn’t really a glare—more like just the way she looked at things, staring all the way through to the other side. Otherwise she seemed a fantastic ride, only, well, his Charlie came with Voodoo Stare Action and she didn’t turn it off.
“I was having a morning,” she said, voice flat.
Subtly, Max checked his chest to make sure she hadn’t stared a hole through him. He found he’d managed a shirt this morning—something new on his disembodied body! Only took a sodding month—and his delight at the prospect threw healthy caution to the wind. Grinning, he leaned over Charlie’s shoulder, nuzzling his chin through the crook of her neck.
“Was it a particularly good morning? You know, without me here to brighten your day?”
Charlie shrugged him off, elbowed him sideways in that maddening, impossible way he couldn’t bloody well figure out and glared. “No touching.”
“All right, yeah. Don’t have a go at me.” He lifted his hands in surrender and backed up until he hit the window. Which, considering the size of the place, was about a half inch. A flea couldn’t get lost in his damn flat.
Still, looking around... kitchen seemed a little bigger, what with most of his stuff missing now. As far as he could see, the only things left were a big cardboard box full of his old cutlery sitting on one of his rickety boot-sale chairs.
“Nobody wanted my shit, huh?”
Charlie shrugged, doing something complicated with vegetables in a pan. “I guess.”
“Not even you? That sucks. My toaster goes, my table goes, my bed goes—”
“Well, judging by the stain in there, you bled straight down through the mattress.”
“I died over the side, thanks very much. I’m not that leaky.”
She shrugged again and went into the fridge—still bedecked with his busty barmaid magnets, thanks very much—to collect a handful of eggs. “Nobody buys biohazards.”
“You bought this place, and I’ve seen the bathroom grouting. There’s bits of me all in it.” Max stared mournfully at the eggs. “D’you think I could eat if I really tried?”
“You can’t lift a fork.”
“Bet I can,” he said, reaching into his box of junk to grab a fork. “Make me eggs if I can?” And then his fingers closed around metal.
Pain seared up his arm, unlike any misplaced razor or bathroom sink he’d ever felt before. Just pain—pure, distilled, acid-burn pain—and Max wrenched his hand away.
“Shit! Look at that,” he said and held up his hand to Charlie. Or, at least, where his hand would have been if it hadn’t been a searing, throbbing, ill-defined ball of mist. “It burnt me.”
Charlie stared through him.
Max staged a strategic retreat.
He stood by the door blowing on his burnt fingers, watching her crack eggs into a bowl. He wasn’t much of one for things that didn’t come free out of other people’s basements, but it looked… nice. It was a nice bowl. No chips, nice color blue—and blue all over, too. Not blue-my-brother-might-have-done-with-leftover-car-paint blue. This bowl had an actual pottery blue, kind of like Charlie’s eyes.
Which, now that he noticed, the rest of the place seemed a little less shit than normal, too. Even with her halfway through stripping the paint off the cabinets, the kitchen looked neat and tidy. She’d gotten stains off the counters that’d come with the counters. Jars lined the edges of the stove like those dolls that went inside the other dolls, full of tea bags and sugar and mysterious female things.
Max had never seen anyone with organized jars of tea and sugar. Even his mum had just kept helter-skelter boxes in the cabinets. Charlie, though. Charlie had a lot of… things: jars, lovely bowls, mugs balanced on all the hooks and nails coming out of the wall he’d never had a purpose for, a big brick of wood with a shit-ton of knives inside.
Which, he’d seen an advert for those on the telly once. Expensive.
“You’ve got a lot of stuff.”
Charlie reached around him to grab a spoon. “Yeah.”
“Nice stuff, I mean. How’d you end up here?”
She shrugged, tipping the bowl of frothy yellow eggs into a pan. And not at all dented either, he noticed. Max had never owned an undented pan in his life, and there she was—cooking in the kind of pan you could hang on the wall just to look pretty.
“Place was cheap,” Charlie said.
“Cheap? Where do you go during the days? This place took half my salary just to heat.”
She shrugged again. Seemed like Charlie spoke mostly through varying degrees of shrug. “I got a discount.”
“For what?”
Charlie snorted. “For bits of you stuck in the carpet.”
Standing in the doorway, cradling his injured hand, Max watched her—with her undented pan, her nice bowl and her shiny spatula—and decided he didn’t much trust her. “What’s your rent?”
“What’s it matter to you? You’re not paying it.”
“It matters. How much?”
She stirred her eggs like nothing. “Five hundred.”
Had he been breathing, Max might have stopped. “Five hundred. Mother of God, five hundred? A little blood in the grout, a tiny puddle of blood in the carpet—”
“Moderately sized lake.”
“A truly fucking minuscule amount, and Leland just goes and knocks off four hundred dollars? Bastard.” He stopped and eyed her with suspicion. “You flashed him your tits, didn’t you?”
Really, he shouldn’t have been so surprised Charlie shoved the skillet through his chest. And that fucker burned. It burned worse than the fork—worse even than the one time he’d accidentally set off  a firecracker off his stomach—cold-hot pain searing up and down his whole frame until he didn’t even have a frame.
Max disincorporated all over the floor, hit the ground like a ten-ton sack of sloppy mist and retreated to the ceiling light for safety. He hadn’t known he could do that before, but holy shit, thank the lord he could if Charlie felt like slaughtering poor bastards today.
Only meanwhile, below, Charlie just turned back to the counter and scooped her eggs and red peppers off over a piece of toast.
She didn’t look… angry, really. More like she looked sad and gray and frustrated. But he figured he’d just stay up there in the ceiling light anyway, thanks very much. Wasn’t worth the risk coming down.
Not that he couldn’t still ogle her. From safety, anyway. All those curves and turns, looking like she could go off any second and take his legs clean off, wound up tighter than a three-quarter-inch steel cable around a whole shit ton of iron, but, Jesus, the way she walked.
To be fair, Max decided, Charlie did have discount worthy tits.
*
“How’d you get this couch up here?” she asked him one afternoon, staring at the vibrant, threadbare orange sofa currently dominating the living room like a moldering, forgotten sweet.
He’d managed to remember-on his favorite jeans today, so Max shoved his hands into his pockets, though one of the pockets popped out through a hole by the seam. Absently, he scratched his thigh, looking out the window. “It comes apart.”
“Where at?”
Max turned away from the few people scurrying about down below, forcing his attention away from a very tall blond in particular. “Why?” he asked, frowning.
Charlie blew a strip of hair out of her face and looked at him like it was meant to be obvious. “It’s hideous.”
“It’s my sofa. You are not taking my sofa.”
Max didn’t check for holes in his chest, but he did take a quick scan of the area for any bits and bobs of metal he’d have to avoid. 
“It’s filthy,” she said. “You might not have died on it, but somebody else did.”
“No.” Max shook his head and crossed his arms and generally made a very good show at putting his misty foot down. “That is a five hundred dollar sofa. Quality furniture. You’re not to lay a hand on it.”
“You picked it up on the side of the road.”
“You don’t know that.”
“The graffiti?”
“Maybe I put it there.”
She arched an eyebrow. “Tanya 07 fucks free?”
Aiming for large and intimidating, Max stared at her. “Yeah. So? It’s… what’s it called—artsy.”
Charlie made that noise that meant she’d found something funny, but wasn’t about to crack a smile lest her whole face break off.
“Good try,” she told him. “I’m still going to pitch it.”
Deadlock. They faced each other over the couch like pretty soon they’d be back to back and taking paces. Only, Charlie’d turn first, because that’s just the way she was, and she’d shoot him six ways ‘til Sunday until Max couldn’t even pull his mist together enough to flip her off.
And he’d be fucked. Probably, he was already fucked.
“It’s my sofa.”
Her face didn’t change. “You’re dead. How do I get it apart?”
It wasn’t about the sofa. Logically, Max knew it wasn’t about the sofa.
But it was his, dammit. And sure it was fucking ugly, but he wasn’t exactly a pretty bloke either and anyway—his sofa. It was his sofa, in his flat. Only it wasn’t his sofa or his flat anymore, not since Charlie came along and showed her tits to the goddamn landlord down below. And all right, maybe she hadn’t either, but she couldn’t just waltz along and erase him.
Shoulders down, feet apart, Max watched her. He’d gotten into a fair number of bar fights in his time—felt like this was how most of them started.
“Lot of history in this couch,” he said slowly. “If you’re gonna throw it out, you should probably know its story, yeah? Hell, you should probably know everything, right? I mean it’s your flat now. You need to know these things.”
All at once, he leapt over the couch to the rickety desk by the wall. “You see this? This table here? I picked this up off of 52nd Street. It still had the foot when I got it, but I met this fucking gorgeous girl a few days later down at Murphy’s and we went at it so hard, the damn thing broke right off. So we just brought it on over to our lovely sofa here. Right here.”
Max felt burning up all over. He felt cold on the back of his neck, scrabbling down his ribs until it landed sick and sticky in his stomach.
Helpless.
And Charlie stood across the way, staring at him like she couldn’t care less—like he didn’t even matter—and Max knew he couldn’t touch anything. He knew he couldn’t make a damn bit of difference. But it wasn’t fair, it wasn’t right—and somehow, all rage and fear and force, Max snatched up the middle cushion.
“Behold,” he snarled and tried to throw it, but his fingers dissolved and the bloody thing dropped. “My Nasty Cushion. Now, you may be wondering if hers was the only bare lady bottom this cushion has ever seen. Well, you see that console you like so well? I built that, so you’ll want to be rid of it right away, obviously—but when I was building it, this pretty little brunette comes up out of nowhere and asks if she could help. And she certainly helped. She helped here, and here,” he said, shoving the console.
“And here—” slapping the wall.
“And here—“ kicking the floor, the table, the little cubby meant to hold shoes. Then, with a flourish, “And finally, the Nasty Cushion.”
Max spun, glaring around the room for something else to remember, but he’d never had much and most of it had gone.
“Look, and this, too,” he said, eyes catching on the rug. “This I’ve had for most my life. You wouldn’t believe the many dozens of bare lady bottoms all over—”
Charlie strode to the window. She threw the pane open and leaned out, searching the ground outside for something. Max wanted to shake her. He wanted to turn her around and make her see him.
“Oh, and the curtains, too, believe it or not. You’ll have to do away with those, as well, of course. Don’t want any memories of me lingering around. But see, an old girlfriend made them for me, and one time I had her pinned against the wall, yeah, in the middle of things and she reaches up and claws them down and when we ended up on the floor, there was lace fucking everywhere, but eventually we made it back to the Nasty Cushion, you’ll be just tickled to know.”
Charlie crossed the room, wrenched up the Nasty Cushion and flung it out the window.
Max stopped talking. He heard the cushion hit the ground below with a muffled thud. On the street someone swore and started laughing.
Charlie, though, she just looked at him.
Then, like nothing had happened, she picked her book up off the coffee table and settled into the fancy Papasan chair she’d come with, not a rip or tatter on it.
Staring at the naked, bandy pocked place on his couch, Max sank down into a remaining cushion and shut up.
*
Max seethed. All the bits of him he had left pulled apart and filled the room, a great big black shadow the likes of which he’d had nightmares about as a boy and, all right, actually most of his life.
He felt awful. Cold to the core, and the ache. Max didn’t know where his arms were. Fuck, he didn’t care where his arms were. He hurt and he wasn’t real and he didn’t want to go.
She couldn’t make him go.
From under the bathroom door, he could just see Charlie’s feet.
“Max, get out. I have to piss.”
He glared at those feet. Colorless, sockless, about as sensible and boring as a pair of feet could get. Fuck her. Just… He couldn’t. He wouldn’t leave, no, not a damn thing doing. He’d be here forever, sunk down into the blood in the grout, and if they wanted to come get him out, let them tear the damn floor up. And why not, yeah? Tear up everything else he’d ever passed a fond look over. No couch, no kitchen, his bedroom all at odds.
“Max, come on. I’m not fucking kidding.”
Max slammed forward. He’d found he could move things a bit if he really concentrated, so he rattled the door at her, flicking the lock in, out, in out, thinking: not dead, not yet, no. Thinking: Try to get in now. Try to get me out. Try to make me leave. You can’t. I won’t. I live here.
I don’t.
Depression hit him like a lorry and Max sank down again, found himself in the sink, wet hot breaking over bits of him. Felt like getting fired, this. Like lying in bed and trying to get up and not moving. Felt fucking miserable, was what it felt like.
Outside, Charlie sighed. She tried the door and it actually came open a bit—he’d forgotten to lock it back. Max shoved the door shut, wrenched the little inside lock-bar into place again.
She’d come in here, she’d clean. She’d clean him up. She’d take a crowbar to the tiles. Once she started, she bloody well wouldn’t stop. She’d scrub him right out of the damn carpet and tear up the floor there, too. Make them replace the ceiling of the bloke below if that’s what it took, but she’d make him go.
No.
He wouldn’t be erased. Wouldn’t let her kill him—he wasn’t fucking done yet. Hadn’t had a chance for anything. Spent his time digging holes and getting drunk and, all right, it wasn’t the best use for a body, but it was his use. He’d done a good job.
“Is this about the couch?” she tried.
He’d fucked up.
Was all he’d ever been, a fuckup. He’d come here in the first place because of it. Needed a whole new continent to start over he’d made such a hash of it. He’d even fucked up dying. Couldn’t even do that right. Where were his lights? Where were the pretty, shiny, lovely things that were supposed to take him to the next life?
Probably off in a pub, laughing at him. Laughing at the idiot, cuts himself shaving, ends up bleeding his life out into the floor with a swollen up brain or whatever the fuck actually killed him. Because who did that, yeah? Who in the history of the world had ever died from a spectacularly mundane fuckup like his?
“Look, Max. Knock off the poltergeist routine. I’m not sorry. The thing was awful. It had stains on its stains. I had to wear hazmat gloves. I think something might have been living in it.”
Living.
Max strangled the pipes in the walls, pounding them from one side to the other until the floor shook and the metal burned holes right through him in fucking agony, but he just put his mist back in order and kept on because it was something.
Living.
“What the fuck is that? Knock it off! Jesus, I do not want the fucking landlord back here, asking me how I managed to do whatever the fuck it is you’re doing. Max? Max!”
No.
Max pressed his whole not-body into it, searing hurt through every fragment and tendril. He’d be loud forever. He’d be here forever. She couldn’t erase him. She couldn’t just make him go when he’d had a whole fucking life ahead of him and now just this, just burning himself over and over again on the pipes in the wall, but if that was all he had then shit, he’d do a fucking fantastic job of it.
The handle on the door jittered. He pushed back against that, too. This was his place now. His stain. She’d kicked him out of the bedroom, put her pretty yellow bed right over his spot and told him to get the hell away. She’d spilled salt in the stain and called it an accident, but it kept him away and she wasn’t sorry.
The two feet under the slot in the door padded off with an irritated rush of mumbling.
She wasn’t sorry. No one was sorry. No one gave him a passing thought. He’d just flickered out, just stopped and he could have been brilliant, could have been anything. But in the end, his whole life just came down to a flat full of shit and how much of a discount it’d take for someone else to deal with it.
Max closed his eyes and sank into the dark.
Then, the whole door came off. 
He startled, tried to grab it back, but Charlie tossed it down on the floor and pointed the screwdriver at him like a gun.
“Get out.”
He looked at her. Beautiful girl, gone gray around the edges. Her mouth looked like someone’d stapled it together.
“You hate me?” he asked.
The screwdriver lowered. “I have to pee, Max. And you’re haunting the toilet.”
Slowly, Max glanced around. Pretty sure he’d turned the light on at some point. He could feel the bulb pressing warm against his… midsection, wherever his midsection had ended up. But no light came out past him. The whole bathroom swam with dark, just one big ocean of unhappy shadows.
“Yeah,” he agreed.
Charlie seemed awfully gray for such a pretty girl, he thought. Piece of work like her, she should have been all bright colors and flirting. Not with him, of course. Pretty things like her never gave him a second glance. But she should have been a whirlwind of life and love and everything that made existing worth existing for.
Maybe she’d fucked up somewhere, too.
“Is this about the couch?” she asked again. “Because you can pick out the next couch, if you want. I don’t care what it looks like. I just needed that plague sponge out of here.”
Exhausted, Max sank down onto the floor. A flicker of light peeked out where he unwound from the light fixture a little. Then, the bulb smoked a smidge and pop, dark again.
Charlie surprised him. She sat down too, cross-legged in front of the door and she still had that way of looking at him, but he thought maybe she did see him.
“I like your shelves. I’m keeping them.”
Max wanted… hell, he wanted so much he didn’t know what he wanted anymore. Just… not this.
Charlie looked like she wanted to touch him. Leaned forward a little like she might even try.
“Don’t,” he said. “Charlie.”
But he didn’t know… didn’t know how to even begin. So he stopped. And they just sat there, awkward, the two of them existing together in the same space for a while before someone knocked on the front door. Charlie growled and grumbled, but went to go open it. Probably grateful to be away from him. Max stayed where he was, listening to Charlie be antisocial in the hall.
“Okay, I guess,” he heard her say, heard the door squeak open, and he’d always meant to fix that, so it figured he never had. “But I’ve had the place for a couple months now. Most of his shit’s gone.”
“That’s okay. I just needed… I don’t know. Some way to say goodbye, I guess.”
Shit, that voice. Max flew out of the bathroom like a fish on a hook, smack into Charlie’s back. She jerked when his not-body hit hers, but her eyes stayed fixed ahead, watching the girl she’d let in.
A pretty little blond with pretty little else wandered around the flat with big wet blue eyes and Max felt something as close to terror as he’d ever managed in his whole time on this earth or floating just about it.
“Why did you let her in?” he hissed. “Don’t let her touch anything!”
Charlie ignored him. “Are you looking for something? I’ve still got a couple boxes of his shit. Mostly just silverware and tacky jewelry.”
And his pretty little ex-girlfriend smiled, looking like a perfect widow. He’d been so enchanted with her once, wondering what the hell it was she’d seen in him until he realized she’d not seen much of anything.
“That’s very kind of you. I’d hate to be a bother; I’m not actually looking for anything. But it’d be really nice to see his things.”
“Charlie, please,” he tried again, felt like falling through the cracks when his ex turned to look and looked through him. “I know you’re peeved about the toilet, but get her out of here.”
And Max knew better than to touch Charlie. She’d put a whole variety of metal objects through him when he forgot her distaste for contact. But all of a sudden, he couldn’t not touch her. If he let go, he’d go. He’d be gone.
Because May was here. Here. And if May was here, looking for things to remember him by, then he really had died and gone. If she walked on his carpets, looking around at things that weren’t his anymore, pawing through the cardboard boxes of all his worldly remains for some trinket of his to keep or sell, then fuck, it wouldn’t get better.
Well, of course it wouldn’t get better. He’d died. Max knew he’d died. He’d sat on the bed next to himself, listening to the answer phone tell him he’d wasted his life and he knew that, he did. But May…
“Jesus, Charlie. Come on,” he begged and he had her arm and he knew better, he did, but he had to have something. “Please, don’t let her take bits of me—I’ve hardly got any left.”
And Charlie still didn’t look at him, but something changed in her face. He couldn’t have said what, except that he’d known her for a while now and had long memorized the multiple threat levels of her frustration. Her mouth didn’t look so tight, in any case. She still looked about as gray as a living person could get, but she put a hand back and brushed the outline of his arm.
It could have been a threat. Charlie was good at grabbing him by the mist—something about her being so fucking crazy all the damn time—but he felt better. Because she’d touched him. She’d reached out a hand and it hadn’t gone through him. He existed.
Charlie walked into the kitchen and he followed.
“What the hell, Max?” she hissed once out of May’s earshot, crouching down to dig through the under-cupboards.
Out in the living room, May crouched down to peer through a vent in the wall.
“That’s my ex.”
“So I gathered.”
“What’s she doing here?”
“Am I psychic? She said she misses you,” Charlie snapped, with her head under the counter. “Maybe she does. God only knows why. If she wants you that badly, she can have you.”
He grabbed her arm without meaning to, just needing her in a way he didn’t have words for, and Charlie must have understood. She stopped digging, sat back on her heels and looked at him. Max’s fingers slipped away.
He didn’t know what to say, so he told her the truth. “I don’t want to disappear. I’m not ready.”
For the size of a second, Charlie looked at him like he’d seen her look at a broken down dog out the window once. Like her cold gray rock of a heart might actually have been breaking. But then, with her usual perfect timing, May walked into the kitchen.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt any… oh,” she trailed off, looking around with wide doe eyes. “Were you talking to someone? I thought I heard a guy.”
Picking up the cardboard box, Charlie got up from the floor and plopped it down on the table. “Just me grumbling at the pipes. They’re leaking again. Anyway, here. This is all he’s got left.”
Max could have hugged her. Would have, really, had he been assured it wouldn’t earn him a fork to the ribs. He grinned so hard he lost his shape, expanding into mist.
“Thank you, darlin’,” he whispered, congealing to the left of her ear.
Charlie ignored him. As he’d known she would. But right there on the table, was the cardboard box. Full of his shit, yeah, but shit he’d gotten at thrift shops and picked up on the sides of roads. Cutlery. Plastic cups. An old chain with an ironic four-leaf clover. Ridiculous quarter-toys from those gumball machines. A crumpled old shirt from a band he’d never been to see. A pretty decent ball of rubber bands.
Nothing important. Not the things he’d built. Not the music he’d left or the pictures he’d taken, none of the pretty bits and bobs he’d collected that hadn’t been important enough to ship back home. Of all the things he’d left behind, Charlie offered May a card-board box of junk.
Tracing the dark lines of permanent marker where Charlie’d written Max’s Shit on the side, May almost smiled.
“Were you and Max… I mean, did you know him?”
“Before he died? No,” she said, caught the slip a second too late and grimaced.
But May just smiled. “I guess you would kind of get to know a person, sorting through their stuff,” she said and then, looking up. “His parents didn’t want it? I mean, I saw you still had his TV and all, that’s why I ask.
Charlie shrugged. “Probably costs too much to ship.”
“Yeah,” she murmured.
May turned her attention back to the box, slender fingers picking through the mess. He couldn’t read her face, but then he never could figure her out. The things she wanted, the things he’d done wrong—all mysteries.
“This is it?” she asked finally.
Max had forgotten just how sharp Charlie’s voodoo stare could be. “Thought you said you weren’t looking for anything.”
“Oh, no. I’m not. It’s just… this is him. All that’s left, I mean. Max was always so full of life, and now he’s a cardboard box.”
Max snorted. “I am not a bloody cardboard box.”
Charlie glanced at him, and the look said shut up. May didn’t notice a damn thing. She looked where Charlie looked, and her eyes went straight through him.
“Do you want anything?” she said to May, probably just to distract her. “Because honestly, it’s just taking up space.”
May laughed, a harsh couple of barks before her hand hit her mouth and she quit like flicking a switch. He wasn’t sure if she was trying not to cry or just trying to stop her face from making any more noise. With a cracked and crooked smile, she shook her head. “I used to say that about Max.”
Charlie glanced at him—and this was a very unusual look for her—but maybe he detected just a sliver of mischief. “Well, he is just the box now. And far be it for him to change his ways.”
“Oi,” he protested, but he might have been smiling.
May reached in and took the T-shirt out of the box. Even by his standards, the thing was rank, smelling of sweat and dirt and Murphy’s. Max almost remembered using it to wipe up beer from the floor. Something about being very drunk and trying not to be a fuckup. May smelled it, winced and started laughing again.
“That’s very him. Could I…?”
Charlie made a complicated gesture with her shoulder Max was pretty sure only women could do. “You’re welcome to it.”
May smiled.
“Thank you,” she said and shoved the nasty rag into her handbag. “I should probably go. I’ve taken up a lot of your time.”
Charlie hedged no words. “Yeah,” she agreed, shoving the box back under the sink beside the neat, careful bottles of bleach and window cleaner.
May made it all the way to the outside hall before she turned back.
“You know, I did come for something,” she blurted. “And it’s stupid. Max proposed to me, before we…. And I took it badly. But he had these rings, they were his grandmother’s? I don’t know what I thought, coming here. I just wanted to see them again.”
“I knew it,” he hissed, lingering at Charlie’s shoulder.
Charlie didn’t move, just shrugged yet another of her entire dialect of shrugs, one hand waiting to push the door closed. “Never saw them, sorry.”
“I didn’t expect you would have. I just needed to spill my guts to a stranger.” May smiled, that tight, perfect little smile she’d caught him with in the first place. Only, looking at it now, he couldn’t catch its old charm. “Thanks for the shirt. And for listening.”
“You’re welcome,” Charlie nodded. “Goodbye.” And then, without ceremony, she closed the door, tossed the lock back and stared at him, arms crossed. Max ignored the tiny thrill shooting through him.
“She looked in all my vents,” Charlie said.
“Yeah.” He rocked on his heels, and he was grinning like an idiot, he knew, but May hadn’t seen him. She’d looked right through him, at the wall, at Charlie’s alien sorting methods for tea and sugar, but she hadn’t seen him.
Charlie saw him. Charlie glared right at him. She made him real and solid and here.
“Why did she look in all my vents?”
“Our vents.”
“Max.”
“Get a screwdriver.”
*
Pushing the loose vent to one side, Charlie dropped the little tin Batman lunchbox on the carpet between them and sat down.
“So,” she said.
She had That Look. Not the angry look, which was small blessings, but the look he hadn’t yet figured out.
Max sank down on the carpet opposite her, out of reach of the screwdriver, just in case.
“It’s my Emergency Stash. Stuff I can’t have stolen.”
Charlie just kept frowning down at the masked avenger with that look on her face, kind of colorless and unhappy—and sure, Robin’s outfit wasn’t the height of taste, but it’d been the eighties. Not much for it.
“You can open it if you like,” he tried. “Mostly it’s just papers and shit.”
Charlie still didn’t move. “Nobody came for this?”
“Sure. Just now.”
“An ex-girlfriend.”
Max shrugged. He tried to read her face, but didn’t get very far. As far as readable faces went, Charlie had a visage right up there with cave rocks—dark, unpleasant and very far down.
“Well, who would you rather? Leland? Leland doesn’t know his arse from his big toe.”
She glanced up at him and then flipped up the stubborn, crusty latch on the box. All kinds of haywire papers sprang up at her, bits of loose money jutting up around part of an old, deflated football. Looking at his trinkets, Max smiled, but when he glanced up he found Charlie’d gone dead pale again.
He wanted to ask her—ask her why, maybe. Why that look? Why so sad? But he couldn’t figure out how to make sense of it, how to put the words in order, and Charlie didn’t say anything, so Max didn’t either.
He watched as Charlie methodically took stuff out and sorted it, pulling loose bills to the side, smoothing them out and settling them back down. She stacked the paperwork all together and neatly matched the corners; pulled out a ticket from the World Cup he’d been to as a boy from between two photocopies of old credit cards; and last removed his football, fortuitously signed by his absolute hero, more or less on total accident.
And then, all the way in the bottom, wadded up in an old cloth napkin, she lifted out his grandmother’s rings.
Charlie didn’t say anything for a long while, just turned the rings over and over in her hand. When she did look up, it was to put the rings down and climb to her feet.
“These can’t stay,” she said, halfway to the kitchen.
“What do you mean, these can’t stay? It sits in the vent—it’s not bothering you.”
With an almighty crash—Charlie dumping all his dented up, ugly silverware and miscellanea into the sink—she came back carrying the box labeled Max’s Shit.
“Your parents probably think it’s lost. Look at this thing. You’ve had it since what? First grade?”
Charlie sat down. Pulling a smallish, padded envelope and a marker from the box, she scribbled old rings on the envelope, dropped the bands inside and wadded up the wax paper adhesive strip cover to toss through his knee.
“So, what?” Max asked. “You’re sending it back?”
Charlie eyed him. That look, he knew. That look meant he’d said something daft.
“What’s this?” she asked, holding up his football.
Sometimes, talking to Charlie, he got the idea he might be walking straight toward an invisible minefield. Just the same, Max grinned. “That was the 1998 World Cup. Well, the ball’s not, that’s mine. But ’98, Dad got a hold of a couple of tickets somehow and—”
“So it’s important.”
“Well, sure it’s important. Since when has France ever won anything?”
“I mean to your father.”
“Oh.” Max found the trap like he found all of Charlie’s traps—staggering head first into it. “Yeah. I guess so.”
She held up the envelope. “And these rings?”
“My grandmother’s. Yeah, okay, you’re right. You’re a saint and I’m an awful corpse for never even considering how my worldly goods might be distributed,” he said. He was smiling, but Charlie didn’t look up, just wrenched down the corners of her mouth a little more. He thought maybe she hadn’t got it.
“Hey,” he tried again, but he didn’t really know at all what to say. “Joking, yeah? I really do think you’re a saint.”
She snorted. The tension broke.
“A pissy saint. You want to send your…” she squinted at the foremost piece of plastic, “very expired green card?”
“Nah, pitch it.”
Charlie dropped it, reached for the next stack of papers. “Your bank accounts still open?”
“I don’t know.”
In went the photocopies of his bank cards. His lease went sideways. The photocopy of his birth certificate the same. Then, down to the crumpled fifties and the deflated football, Charlie tossed the football in and reconsidered the closed up envelope of rings.
Max watched her sorting through the last dregs of his life, shamed and awed by the way she went to take care of his parents—single-minded, prying up the adhesive again to put the money in with the probably very valuable rings. Like this was the only way anyone could think to do it, when five minutes ago May would have been in here and off with everything if given the chance.
Max reached out. His hand touched her arm and stayed there, solid.
“Hey, leave it,” he said quietly. “It’s just more trouble for them. They’d never get it changed over into proper money. You keep it. Have your own emergency stash, yeah?”
Charlie looked down at her arm. Max followed her gaze and abruptly, his hand slipped through her elbow. But Charlie pretended she didn’t notice, just nodded and shrugged and went to get the tape.
She came back with a roll of heavy packing tape and an empty tin of mints. She folded up the money around his old green card, covering up the little picture of him smiling as pretty as he’d ever been, and without a word, dropped it back into the vent.
Max stared. He watched her go from the vent to marking out the address he recited for her, like she’d not done anything out of the norm.
But she—she’d changed everything. She’d just… just gone and put him here like he belonged. Like he existed. Charlie’d planted that flag down in the sand saying Max is here and left it without even a backward glance.
As if he were a given, she’d folded up his life, gentler than he’d ever seen anybody touch a bit of plastic, and kept it for safekeeping.
“Let’s start over,” he blurted.
Charlie straightened, frowning. The sharpie drooped, making a dot at the end of Donegal. “What?”
He grinned. A little bit daft, a bigger bit hopeful, he held out a hand. “I’m Max.”
For a long second, she stared at him like he might have grown something awful out the side of his chest, before finally she figured him for serious and reached out.
“Charlie.”
She smiled. Just a little. Just the barest tilt up at the corners of her mouth as she shook his hand, but her whole face changed, lit up from the inside like nobody else he’d ever seen. In the face of that smile, bits of Max went misty.
Holy shit, he caught himself thinking, tendrils of him still holding her hand. I’m kind of fucked.
*
Then, just like that, the tide of blokes began.
Just an off thing the first time. A guy she knew came over to the flat sometimes. They watched TV, drank beer. And when the blighter left, he kissed her goodbye.
When Max finally saw the back of that guy, he’d been close to ecstatic. He figured, no more milquetoast, bespectacled, bland little blighters milling around his flat, eyeballing his shelves and the new couch which, all right, his closed credit cards couldn’t pay for but he did pick out. Questioning why this and why that and doesn’t seem like the usual kind of apartment. I mean, I didn’t mean that, just that you live kind of like a bachelor, don’t you? I don’t know, it just feels like a guy’s apartment.
Only, it wasn’t the last of them.
Max sat on the couch eyeing the latest moron milling around the flat, questioning the wall of fucking gorgeous handmade shelves he’d spent weeks at, saying, “A little heavy, isn’t it? For the room, I mean. But you too, I guess. How’d you ever get it up those stairs?” And somewhere between wanting to punch him in the throat and listening to Charlie avoid answering most all of his questions, Max decided this was Not Okay.
So when the guy sat down right the hell on top of him, he shoved an arm through his chest and spilt the whole bottle of beer down his front, watching it puddle in his lap like a piss stain with remarkable satisfaction. And even when the guy ran home with shaking hands and Charlie shouted for an hour and put a toaster through his head, well, Max felt okay.
*
The next time, Max woke up to see Charlie getting ready. She stood in front of the bathroom mirror, putting a new face on, wearing a slinky thing that a year ago he’d have said he’d die happy to see her without. Black and beckoning, that dress was made for puddling around the ankles of beautiful women.
And normally, Max would be only too happy to get up and make a nuisance of himself. He’d undo ties where he could find them, smudge makeup, maybe hide a very important shoe. He’d try to talk her out of it, anyway. Only, when Max heaved himself upright and swung his legs over the bed, he smashed his face raw and misty on something that wasn’t there.
Charlie turned from the mirror, looking at him, all made up for whatever stranger would be showing up at the door today, and she didn’t say a word. Behind the paint, her lips looked gray.
“Charlie, what the hell?”
Her mouth moved, but he couldn’t hear her. She pointed. This time, he read her lips. “Salt.”
“Jesus fuck, Charlie! Why the hell would you do that? We have an agreement! Unspoken, yeah, but an agreement just the same. Charlie. Charlie!”
But he couldn’t hear her and she couldn’t hear him either. Charlie shouted in that way she had—the one that wasn’t actually shouting but still felt like getting fucked raw by sandpaper—and all he could do was watch her face, thinking you’re beautiful and fuck you, too.
When the bloke came, he could just see him around the bedroom door. Charlie smiled at him. She didn’t look angry at all. And then she left.
*
Max beat himself bloody against the salt. And he hurt—hurt worse than the metal, because at least the metal only burned. Trying to get through this was like running headlong into a brick wall, over and over and over again, but he kept on doing it, because he had to… to…
Because he had to get to work, goddammit. Jesus God, could he get any later than this? Boss would have his fucking head, no doubt. Max swore, kicking the covers off when they tangled around his ankles and face, trying to smother him back into submission. Hauling those pipes yesterday really must have taken the piss out of him. Jesus, was he knackered. Could hardly move his legs this morning. Felt like trying to walk through cement.
With one last good kick, Max shoved his way out of whatever the hell was holding him down: duvet, sheets, pillows, maybe a woman. Whatever it was, he didn’t have time for it. He staggered into the bathroom and, Mother of God, the place was a right fright. Probably he should tidy up before the mold went and took over everything, but hell, when? He’d have time to clean when he died. Maybe.
Grabbing the soap, he did a clumsy job at lathering and pulled the razor down his chin. One stripe. Two. Uneven stubble still cropped up behind the blade, duller than shit and he’d just opened it the other day. Except when he pulled it down for the third time, it scrabbled over his fingers and fuck. Max jerked away, and the duller-than-shit razor tore a great bloody line down his jaw.
Fuck. He’d never catch the end of it—late because he shaved half his face off. What was he now, thirteen years old? And where the hell were his towels? He needed to find a towel. He needed to get up. Had to get himself off the floor, couldn’t let it stain. Needed…
Needed to find whatever the hell kept ringing.
“You’re dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it.”
Consciousness in…
Consciousness never quite out. 
Max stumbled toward the bed and ricocheted off the brand new brick wall someone’d come and built around it. He hit the floor, mushroomed out in a cloud of mist and lay there, staring at the ceiling.
“Your sorry corpse…”
Max staggered himself upright. His head hurt. He felt sick. Duvet-sick… no, what the hell was duvet-sick? No, something about… salt. A girl. He didn’t have time for this shit; he had to get to work.
“You hear me, Mulligan? You’re fired.”
Flickering, Max resorted the jumble of his limbs, got his head on straight again. The answer-phone sat like a dark little rock on the end table, no light for messages. Only, he expected the light to be on, somehow. Max stared at it, trying to see something that wasn’t there. And the longer he looked, the dizzier he got, until finally he started thinking he needed to shave again, and Max wrenched himself out of the bedroom before the whole miserable cycle could start again.
He had the warm drips down the back of his neck again. Fuck.
Fucking Charlie. Why’d she have to go and do that with the salt? What the hell did she think she was up to? Trapping him. Like he could follow her. Like he could set a foot out of this goddamn flat of his anymore.
No. Not this goddamn flat of his. Not anymore. Just like it also wasn’t his goddamn beer, Max decided, sliding through the wall into the kitchen. But he’d sure as hell haunt that, too. Try to trap him with salt. He’d show her.
Had to get to work. Had to look marginally presentable. Important day.
Max reached through the refrigerator door and pulled out the memory of a beer—his beer, mostly rotgut, not that awful, artsy shit Charlie bought. His stereo had gone—fucking Leland, probably—but it didn’t matter much. Max closed his eyes, picked a tune, and listened as the first, blistering, awful, perfect chords filled the flat.
And then he bled all over the fucking carpet.
Dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew.
Only, it didn’t help. The damp seeped into his neck, down his back, dripping constantly over his face. Everywhere hurt like an open bruise. And he drank. Drank one ghost beer after another, awash in the memory of utter, fucking abandon. Got shitfaced on air, slurred his way through three songs at the same time, tumbling against the walls and anything between them.
*
Many dozen memories of beer later, Max lay sprawled on the floor, drunk and sponging brain matter into the carpet. The surrealism of it—the sheer fucking incomprehensibility of dying at twenty-eight, killed by a goddamn fall against the sink like some kind of crippled hag—lent a nicely hallucinatory quality to the whole situation. Come midnight, through swimming vision, he’d made a face out of the cracks in the plaster.
You knew how important today was.
“She just goes and leaves me,” he told the face in the ceiling. “Just goes. Just like that. Just… off with some wanker.”
“Bitch,” the ceiling said.
“Yeah,” he agreed.
Max stayed on the floor for a long time. When the carpet got uncomfortable, he staggered into the kitchen and ended up sleeping in the refrigerator. But then, that didn’t last long. The fucking chicken in there wouldn’t shut up, with its fucking cluck cluck cluck all the damn time. So Max climbed back out again and ended up cradled in the sink—a large, sad man in a damp, questionable bassinet.
Today would have been his twenty-ninth birthday.
*
Max woke at the sound of the front door closing. The light hurt the eyes he didn’t have. Some kind of ghost hangover. A hangover’s ghost. Jesus, his head hurt.
Toppling out of the sink, Max felt the back of his head flop loose where the bathroom sink had wrinkle-ripped the skin off in a flappy triangle. Like scalping the frosting off a cake, he thought, and an immediate, irrational ghost nausea had him hanging his head back over the sink, flappy bits and all.
Then, out in the front hall, Charlie said, “Max.”
That was it. That was all it took.
“How is it my name’s always the first thing you say when you walk through the door?” he grumbled into the bowl. “For all that, I think you could at least manage a nice hello. And what the fuck’d you pull that stunt with the salt for, you—”
Face gray, every line in her body a new threat, Charlie crossed the flat in three great strides, picked up the first thing that came to hand and swung. She hit him across the cheek with a blow the Major Leagues would be proud of, so hard the copper bottom teakettle kept on ringing even when he coalesced long enough to rip it out of her hand and fling it across the room.
“Fuck you,” he snarled.
Charlie’s face dropped so far past gray, a person could bleach clothes with it. White. Whiter than a ghost, muscles cording in her jaw with her hands clenched so hard the skin went translucent over steely knuckles.
“Pull. Your shit. Together. You dead-ass fuck,” she growled, perfectly severing each word.
And Max could see the flat. He could. The carpet swam in translucent red; the walls bore giant, human-shaped smear marks down them. Bits of mush and hair clotted up the remote. Her nice heels by the door had puddles in the toes. 
A bit of cheese stuck beside the light from where he’d been trying to feed the ceiling.
He saw it, yeah. Only, she deserved every fucking bit of it.
“Look on the bright side, Charlie-love. No one trapped you anywhere last night.”
“It was salt, Max. Salt. That’s what you use when you have a poltergeist haunting every fucking thing you do.”
“So, what, I don’t even matter? It hurt. Worse than the pipes or the goddamn frying pan. You can’t just throw condiments around and sally off. I live here, too!”
“You died here,” she shouted and the words hit him like a stubbed toe. “You’re gone already, so leave. Yeah, it sucks. It’s not fair and it’s not right, but it’s over. Take your final bow and get off the goddamn stage!”
Max laughed, not pretty. Parts of him flashed off and filled the room with shadow. “Over, am I? Well, look a-fucking-round, Charlie-girl. Obviously it isn’t over. I’m still here, trapped in my goddamn flat and you think I want to be here? You think this shit hole is my idea of an afterlife? That I’d willingly latch myself on you given half a goddamn choice?”
Baring her teeth, Charlie glowered, a little rock of death in a killer black dress. “Yeah, I do, because I look around, and hey! There you still are. If you didn’t want to be here, you wouldn’t be.”
“Oh, it’s that easy?”
“It’s that easy. You’re that kind of guy.”
“Well then, get me out, Charlie. If you want me gone so bad, then you do it. I can’t get out of the stain in the carpet most mornings, where exactly am I meant to look for these great shiny lights of lore?”
Something broke. Max didn’t know what it was, but standing there in the kitchen, glowering at each other over the half-real muck and evenly spaced canisters of sugar and flour and tea, Charlie stopped. She just stopped.
A second ago she’d been ready to try and claw his eyes out, and then she wasn’t. She stood there, looking at him like she’d never even seen him before, and it was somehow a whole lot worse than fighting.
“You coward.”
Just that, and simply spoken. But somehow Charlie managed to land it like a one-two punch to the gut. For a long moment they looked at each other; Max grinding his teeth, trying to think of something cutting to say; Charlie just standing there, looking exhausted and unseeing and fucking gray, like she had any kind of right.
But before he could call up the right amount of insult and hurt, she turned and walked away, back into the bedroom, like this wasn’t anything.
Like he wasn’t even worth it.
Furious, Max strode after her.
“You want a haunt?” he demanded. “Huh? What do you want, Charlie? What the hell do you want from me?”
She didn’t turn, just padded on into the bedroom. She swung the door shut behind her so hard it rattled on its hinges.
“I don’t want you,” she insisted. “I want be normal. I spend all day talking to a dead guy, I can’t bring anybody home and I want you to go.”
He stormed right through the closed door, glowering. “Well, I can’t. You’re a freak and you’re stuck with me.”
She unzipped her dress and shrugged it off. It puddled to the floor like a cheap shot. “Yeah, I know.”
Furious, helpless, Max boiled into a mist for lack of anything better to do. He pressed forward and stopped short. Couldn’t touch her, couldn’t not touch her—wanted to hold her, to shake her. “So, what? You lock me up? Figure if you can just shove me in a corner, you can forget all about me?”
He reached out for her, just wanting to make her see him. But she wouldn’t. Charlie stopped believing in him. Just like that. Just stopped believing in him and his hands went straight through her shoulders. Max tried. He tried. He shouted and put his hands through her face but Charlie clenched her teeth and her eyes stayed blank. Even her voodoo stare was better than this. If she looked straight through him, at least then he’d be in the way.
But Charlie didn’t see him. She stopped looking, and he disappeared as she turned around and fixed her attention on her closet.
“That’s any worse than what you’re doing to me?” she asked.
“The hell am I doing? Existing?”
“You’re haunting me.”
“I’m haunting the flat. My flat. No—do not fucking make that face, Charlie. It is my flat. I was here first and I’m still here.”
She glared over her shoulder, but her eyes never made their way to him. Hiding, he thought. And fucking rich calling me a coward; you go hide every damn night now and—
“Max, you’re dead,” she said and this time, he broke.
“Yeah, all right. I’m dead. Deceased. Rotting in a goddamn jar somewhere, fine. Does that make you feel better? You’re alive and I’m not, neener-fucking-neener!”
Charlie pressed her lips into a thin colorless line, still avoiding his eyes, and grabbed fresh clothes from the closet, “No. I’m not dealing with you right now.”
“You never deal with me! You just go running off with your line of faceless blokes. Each one more fucking awful than the last. You’re running scared!”
Half turned, her eyes locked on his. “Better them than staying here,” she said, “listening to you moan about your lost glory days, bleeding all over the damn place.”
“Yeah, well, I wasn’t exactly thrilled reliving my death eight times, either. Jesus, Charlie. You should have called me, staying out all night! I was fucking worried!”
Silence exploded, all at once and awful—the kind of silence that meant he’d gone and said something he didn’t mean to mean. That he’d fucked up big.
Charlie looked really beautiful, her dress from the night before still crumpled under her feet, eyes like she wanted to walk out that door and never stop running.
Dissolving, fleeing—coward, she’d called him—Max retreated.
And she’d hate that, too, probably, but he couldn’t… see her, looking at him like that, like she really did want him to… to just stop. Uncreating him in her mind, looking and seeing something worse than nothing, seeing something awful.
So he hid. A black cloud over the flat, Max hung on the ceilings, lingered in the walls and the curtains and listened. Charlie’s bare footsteps padded back and forth across the bedroom. Salt rattled up the vacuum hose. When it stopped, so did everything else. No telly, no talking. He and Charlie hid in opposite rooms and they neither one said a damn word.
*
Days later, when they still weren’t saying sorry, Charlie dropped down beside him on the couch and startled him stupid.
“I grew up on a ranch,” she said. “Way out in the back, there was this cowboy, Ned. Eighteen-something, his horse got shot by a Comanche. Rolled over on him, crushed him.”
Max looked at her. Her eyes were fixed to an old cola stain on the carpet. He wanted to touch her, but he knew better.
“On his bad days, I’d come out there to see him and it’d be happening over and over again. No Comanche, just an arrow whizzing out of the tree line, killing the horse, getting him crushed. Blood all over the dandelions. I remember that. Red dandelions.”
Charlie glanced at him sideways, half smiling. Easy as that, he forgave her everything.
“I loved Ned. First time I saw it happen, I ran for help. Parents took me to a shrink instead. Ned told me not to talk about it. Explained the whole ‘death’ thing to me. Parents still think Ned’s just an old imaginary friend.”
Half sunk into the couch, Max watched her—just looking, staring at this beautiful, crazy girl he’d have never met as long as he lived. And she was trying. Hell, they were both trying. But a great, gaping chasm had cracked open between them and neither one knew where the hell to find a rope.
“What happened to him?” he asked quietly.
Charlie shrugged. “One day I saw him sitting on the fence with this other guy. Looked like a cowboy, too, but different. Different time, maybe. Anyway, they were smoking. Laughing. That was nice. Ned had a nice laugh.” The words caught in her mouth and stuck sideways. Charlie swallowed and her eyes went dark. Eventually, she finished, “I didn’t see him again after that.”
Silence clotted around them, suffocating, but Max waited. The look on her face, he thought she might be seeing red dandelions. “He didn’t say goodbye?” he ventured finally.
She shook her head. The pattern in the couch felt like bars. “He waved.”
“Arsehole.”
“No.” Her head shot around and she looked at him—saw him—but whatever she saw, it didn’t meet up with whatever it was she wanted to see. “He was a good guy. He taught me to ride—let me ride Gunsmoke whenever I wanted. He just didn’t talk much.”
Max didn’t know what to say to that. He opened his mouth, but what could he add?
That he didn’t want to be dead? That waiting for the next thing scared the ever-living fuck out of him? That a year later, he still woke up clotted with blood, a long gone message from his boss screaming in his head and the only thing that made it stop was seeing her sleeping soundly next to where he’d died a lonely, idiot fuckup?
That he spent mornings waiting for something to change and hoping it wouldn’t and watching her like the creeper he would have become if he hadn’t killed himself shaving, and hating every single bloke she ever brought home, just because they could touch her and he never could, not like he wanted, not really, not ever?
What could he tell her that’d mean a damn thing?
Time stretched between them in relative silence. Traffic meandered down the street outside with the occasional beep. Charlie scratched a nail down the thick stitch lines of their striped new sofa. When she got up and disappeared back into the bedroom, Max stayed where he sat. She might as well have been miles away.
*
Next couple of guys, Charlie met elsewhere and never brought home. He never saw them, but he saw her, all dressed up and fucking gorgeous, but never for him. And he hated not seeing these blokes soon to be putting their hands all over his Charlie. What if she got into trouble? What if she didn’t come home?
“Be wide,” he told her once as she left, without thinking. And Charlie just looked back at him like he’d gone crazy, but she’d shut the door before he could say, “Careful. Be careful.”
Then, one day, she came home smiling.
“Oh God, you’ve finally done it, have you?”
Charlie barely glanced at him, hanging up her coat. “Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Max zoomed over, getting in her way, leaning over her shoulder. “No, you do,” he said. “You’ve gone and killed somebody.”
Swatting him halfheartedly, she kicked off her shoes and headed for the kitchen. “I have not.”
“You’re smiling. It’s a sign of the apocalypse. I’ve seen it happen.”
She shook her head, shoved the kettle under the faucet. “You’ve seen the apocalypse?”
“Yes. I’m one of those ghosts. Past, present, future kind of deal. Chains and make amends, Mr. Scrooge. Jesus, Charlie. Why else you think I’m haunting you?” He grinned, wiggling his fingers through her kettle to make the water boil, easy as practice. “So, did you eat somebody?”
Charlie stopped to better fix him with the one-eyed voodoo stare and Max was delighted to have it back. Though, he had to admit, it wasn’t nearly as daunting, what with her little bluebird copper-bottom teakettle chirping its head off.
“Did I eat somebody how?” she asked.
“As in, baked in the oven, swallowed whole like the dragon we both know you are. Though, actually, if you’ve got other stories you’d like to share—”
“I don’t.”
She poured her mug of hot water and set the kettle down on a cold burner, picking through her well-organized jars of tea. Max watched her plop a bag into the water, thinking how the kitchen looked wonderful with her in it. Tile, counter, cabinets—all of it like it’d been meant to look this good.
“A shame, but all right. And anyway, this is different,” he said, grabbing the honey before she could get to it. “You never come home smiling. So…?”
“So?” She watched him with her hands on her hips, a mug of tea steaming on the counter, still smiling, sort of, an upward hitch way off in the corners. “You going to give me that?”
“Yes.” She held out a hand; he dangled it above her head. “When you tell me about your day.”
“It sucked.”
“Oh, it did? So why’re you smiling?”
“Coming home to your charming face?”
Max grabbed his missing heart. “Oh, Charlie, don’t tease. Still, good answer. Here’s your honey.”
She nodded a thank you, squeezed an unholy dollop into her tea, and set it aside to cool, strolling off to the bathroom with Max following right behind. “Charlie.”
“Are you whining?”
“Is it working?”
“No.”
“Then I’m not whining.”
“That’s good. It wasn’t attractive. I’m going to take a shower. Stay out here.”
“As if I’d peek. Can I peek?”
She padded back into the bedroom to snatch sweatpants off the floor. “What did I just say?”
“You said stay out here.” Max grinned, fitting his face into the curve her shoulder. “I can stay out here and still peek.”
Charlie stopped, gave him the voodoo look again. Max tingled.
“All right, fine. I won’t peek so long as you tell me why you’ve come home grinning like a fool for.”
She shook her head. “You won’t peek because otherwise I’d scalp you,” she said, but he could see her smiling—really smiling—right before she ducked into the bathroom and locked the door.
“I will never stop asking,” he called, settling down in his place against the door so he could hear her. “I will follow you to the end of your days. An eighty-one year old crone, and I’ll still be asking you—remember that day you came home smiling, back at the old flat?”
She punched the wall to rattle the hot water pipe, “You’ll do that anyway.”
“Yeah, but this way I’ll be less repetitive.”
“Max, you couldn’t give less of a shit about this.”
“Are you using the Force on me, Charlie?”
“No.” The water rumbled up the pipes and hissed out onto the bath tile. “You honestly just won’t give a shit.”
“Try me.”
“All right, look. The university sprang for a stupid fountain. Our tuition at work. They finally started building it today. There you go. That’s it.”
That wasn’t it. Max stared at the bed, at the bedside table, at the memory of an answer phone saying, You knew how important today was.
“What company?”
“What?”
“What company, Charlie? The blokes doing the fountain—where they from?”
“I don’t know. Panache, pan-arch, pan-something. Why?”
The water pressure changed. He heard Charlie grab her razor from its well in the wall, prop her foot on the side of the bath.
“Pan Bridge?” he asked.
“Yeah, that’s it. Billy goats.”
Max couldn’t feel his fingers. Not that he had fingers, but he couldn’t feel the space where he usually pretended to have fingers. Dirty tile pressed against his cheek, grit and dust and the itch of uneven stubble. Max blinked, scrubbed his eyes, and he was still just outside the bathroom door.
 “You’re dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it.”
That could have been him.
Max stared blindly at the wall, hearing his boss snarling, knew the spit would be flecking the corners of his mouth. Knew how genial and pleasant he could be in mixed company—that is, us against them, money against skill.
That could have been him, hauling great big heavy rocks to make a fucking fountain for a school with too much damn money, rippling with sweat and muscles and a charming fucking accent—and that could have been him. A close shave and that could have been him she met. That could be her in his shower after a long, fabulous night.
He could have met Charlie. Alive. He could have seen her, been seen, talked to her. Could have given her that smile, taken her out, turned into some awful, perfect two-headed monster—Charlie and Max, Max and Charlie—could have had a blissfully stupid, easy, fantastic life. Could have had a happily ever-bloody-after.
Only, not now, not ever.
He’d nicked himself shaving.
*
“You’re going to be good?” Charlie asked, smoothing her sleeves for the fourteenth time that evening, picking off bits of lint that didn’t exist and reordering the whole damn flat.
Max watched her, dizzy by the force of her flinging around.
“I’ll be good,” he repeated, also for the fourteenth time.
She nodded, picked up the remote. Flicked the telly on. Crossed her legs. Uncrossed her legs. Scrolled through every channel they had and some they stole from the bloke next door. Crossed her legs. Snapped the telly off.
“Don’t fuck this up, Max.”
“He’s not taking me out.”
“Max.”
“I’ll be good.” Fifteen.
He watched her. Only, sneaky, because being watched made her nervous and she already looked halfway to a heart attack. Charlie, normally his rock in the middle of a deep, deep dank cave, vibrated worse than a motel bed, fluttering off to the kitchen to rearrange the fridge, to glare at the sink, to take out a mug, put the kettle on, take the kettle off, over and over.
“Jesus, Charlie—”
“Don’t Jaysus, Charlie, me.”
“Have a sit, yeah?”
Halfway out of the kitchen, the light framing her back, she stopped and looked at him. Breath he didn’t have caught in his throat and Max didn’t know who the hell was coming, but he hated the bastard more than he’d ever hated anyone in his entire bloody existence.
Charlie looked… like Charlie. No fancy, slinky dress. No heels, no bright paint. Just a T-shirt, old jeans, and Max couldn’t begin to put a voice to the sheer injustice of this moment.
“Max, I appreciate the effort—”
“You don’t.”
“I don’t,” she agreed. “But look, tonight, you are not here. I don’t see ghosts. I don’t talk to a dead man who haunts my apartment.”
Well, Charlie looked like Charlie.
“Also, you’re never sarcastic, you love children and old people who drive slow in traffic, you never have an unkind word to say about public employees—”
“Max.”
“And you enjoy long hours waiting at the DMV,” he finished. “Charlie.”
She eyed him. “You are going to be good.”
“Yes, dear.” Sixteen.
She bared her teeth, ready to fly into him probably, but then the doorbell rang and she went rigid. Max hated the bloke waiting outside, but he hated the gray on her mouth more.
Gently, he said, “You’ll do fine, love.”
Charlie nodded. “I know.”
“That’s my girl.” He grinned, and he meant to say more, but then she opened the door with that enormous smile and blood started dripping down the back of his neck.
Outside, a moderately sized monster stood with a bundle of flowers and a sheepish grin, his shoulders filling the whole frame.
Mason.
Fuck.
He knew Mason. They’d been sort of friendly acquaintances back when he hadn’t been relegated to dripping nonexistent brain matter on the sofa. And other than his really awful “Mason the mason” joke, there wasn’t a thing in the world wrong with him. A truly shining example of humanity. Put simply, Mason was fucking perfect.
“Hey.” He had a smile in his voice, like the one on his damn face wasn’t enough, showing a whole bunch of teeth and not a one crooked or knocked out from brawling. “You look gorgeous. You don’t really seem like a flowers and chocolate kind of girl, but I got these for you anyway.”
Half bewildered, Charlie accepted the bundle of flowers, took one look at them and laughed—fucking laughed—like she did it all the time.
“Origami?”
Mason the mason shrugged his freakishly huge shoulders, still fucking grinning. “Seemed more your style.”
She grinned and had to practically break her neck to find his head to talk at. “They’re awesome. Come on in. I want to put these in a cup or something.
“Sure. All right.”
As he walked inside, Max elbowed a bit up off the couch to watch, expecting Charlie to shoot him a warning glance on her way to the kitchen, but she didn’t even look. She just kept on smiling, holding a bunch of paper flowers and all right, yeah, it was a clever gift for a girl like her, but… but—
“Oh wow,” Mason said, catching sight of his shelves and his telly and his tables and his carpet and his fucking flat. “I thought I recognized the number coming up here.”
“Yeah?” she called from the kitchen and came out with a yellow charity-shop vase. It should have looked gaudy, but somehow everything sorted itself out pretty around Charlie. “Been here before?”
Mason smiled. “Friend of mine used to live here—Max Mulligan. Had some kind of accident, though. He leave all this behind?”
“Left a lot of it behind. I’ve been shipping stuff back to his parents when I can.” She plunked the fat yellow vase full of fat yellow flowers down on the coffee table. It looked adorable. Immediately, Max hated it. “There. Ready to go?”
Eyes like a damn dog, Mason looked at her. Full adoration, no doubt about it. “You’re fantastic.”
She grinned. “I am.”
He laughed and she laughed and they babbled inanities together, walking out the door arm in arm, already bubbling up into Charlie and Mason, and Max just sat on the couch like he’d been told to, bleeding into the fabric, watching them go.
The door closed. The deadbolt flipped. Footsteps padded down the hallway, out of earshot. A TV chattered on in the upstairs apartment, faint and angry. Someone sang down in the street. Maybe Mason. Maybe he’d made up a song for her. Charlie the Artist. Mason the Mason. The two-headed monster of fucking romance.
Max sat on the couch.
Mason didn’t have a thing in the world wrong with him. Not a plague or a birthmark or a bad attitude. Any girl would want him. He was big, but not dangerous. He could make anybody laugh, liked mild-mannered adventures, two beers after work.
He’d be great for her. They’d get married. She’d get knocked up with two point five real live babies and then that’d be it. They’d move.
She’d move.
Charlie was the only thing in the world that made him feel real anymore and she’d move.
Like hell he wouldn’t follow.
Max shoved up off the couch and walked out. Just walked out into the hallway like any other evening, off to the pub, maybe, or off to a concert. Something fun, something important. Three feet down the hallway and the sick of it hit him like a wave. He felt bits of himself breaking into static until he couldn’t. Couldn’t feel anything. Unanchored, a bubble of fear kind of swelling up all over, Max floated.
Coward, she’d called him.
He kept going. He needed to leave. Needed to get out and see the world again. Needed to be able to make sure Charlie was okay if he had to, but he couldn’t right now, being a damn coward hidden away from the world and the girl.
Max walked. He wrenched himself away from his flat and down the stairs, going farther and farther until even he couldn’t see himself, making his way through the halls as some kind of floating consciousness. But, what the hell, yeah? He never felt especially visible alive, so what’d changed?
It took some time. More than that night. More like a string of nights, over and over and during the day when Charlie went out, he went out after her. Barely a fragment in the window, some days he followed and some days he wandered, going further and further out like a roll of toilet paper tossed down the stairs. Either way, he didn’t give up. It took him a month to get good at it, but eventually, he could go wherever the hell he wanted.
And he wanted to go with Charlie.
*
Max trailed behind them as they headed down to Murphy’s, hand in hand and laughing like the monster he’d pretty much figured they’d become. Talking about shit that didn’t matter and enjoying it—stories about work, about people they’d seen and people they knew. One time, a story about him, but Charlie just laughed like she hadn’t heard it from his side already and flashed her ID to get into the bar.
Max made a face at the bouncer as he passed, thought about kneeing him in the ‘nads. Bloke had given him a fair bit of trouble over the years, after all, but he didn’t want to touch him and find out he couldn’t, so Max just followed.
Smell of beer hit him, twined up like an orgy in sawdust and peanuts and something fried and delicious that they’d not sold the year and a half before. Lights lit the low stage, giving off the smell of hot dust. He didn’t know the band playing but they felt good, low rhythm and steady beat and a woman with a great deep voice.
He followed Charlie, tracing the muscles cording in her arms as she leaned over the bar to order, tendrils of hair falling out of its tie to kiss the back of her neck. He counted the freckles on her knuckles, awash in the bland, clean smell of her cheap-arse shampoo.
Max touched her.
He didn’t mean to, but he couldn’t help it. He brushed a hand against her upper arm and watched the hairs on the back of her neck stand straight up. Blindly, she reached out for Mason. Static arced between her fingers and the peppering of blond hair on his arms. He laughed, rubbed the spot, pulled her close.
Charlie leaned in, but didn’t smile, scanning the space where he hung and looking right through him. Max sank into the bar, feeling the backbeat through the wood.
Toilet paper, he thought. Stuck to her shoe.
*
When they left, Max followed, down the darkened streets, the conversation as inscrutable as their linked arms. Mostly, he drifted, feeling bits of him still in the bar and bits of him in the street the way they’d come. Halfheartedly, he started gathering up bits of his sad, one-ply self, just as a real can of piss rounded the corner. Wild eyed and raggedy, the bloke thrust out an outstretched hand mottled with filth, the other jammed deep in the pocket of his battered jacket.
“Don’t say nothing,” he barked. “Just hand over your money.”
Next to him, Charlie froze and glowered, her face a hateful rigor.
“Like hell, you fuck,” she growled, pulled a knife out of her pocket and flipped the blade open. Figured his Charlie’d have a switchblade, and it also figured it’d be as long as her forearm, but the black-eyed man across from her just snarled and whipped out a gun.
“I said gimme your damn money!”
Quickly as the giant freak could move, Mason pushed Charlie back and behind him, holding up a hand.
“Hey, now, buddy. Easy—” he started, but Max couldn’t hear him.
All his parts slamming together like a train wreck, Max flew, spanning the distance between Charlie and the gun in a half second to bash the fucker’s face in. He didn’t think about it. Didn’t have to think about it. Over and over, he just pounded him into the ground, fists slamming through his skin and into whatever sat behind, piloting this sorry sack of shite.
Jerking with the blows like some kind of ineffective, epileptic thief, the weasel bastard dropped the gun, hit the ground hard on his knees. Max followed, wrenching him upright to slam against the wall again. He barely even had a shape anymore, just a mass of rage and remembered motions—knee to the gut, punch to the skull, hadn’t had a row like this in ages and like fuck he’d let the bastard go. Not after pointing a gun toward his Charlie. Fucking no one pointed anything at his Charlie.
Choking and whining, the bastard mewled a whole circus of sounds: “please, fuck, help somebody, I don’t, sorry, can’t—” going on and on without making any kind of sense in between Max trying to have his teeth out. And then somewhere between begging God for his life and actually losing it, the shit bag must have realized the stakes. His eyes went wide, and for a second, he believed. Not much, not for very long, but enough to see Max.
Teeth bared, growling obscenities, he tried to land a dirty punch. His arm went straight through. It did wonders for Max’s mood.
“Gonna kill you,” the scumbag shouted. “Gonna rip your goddamn faggot head off!”
“Fuck you,” Max growled, reached all the way down into the blighter’s throat, and wrenched him out.
Wide-eyed and gawping, the man stared at him. His mouth opened and closed like a fish. He scrabbled back toward the sack of flesh he’d just been pulled from, crawling and clawing and trying to get back in, but Max kicked him solid in the gut, knocking him away and into the street, into mist, as his corpse slumped empty onto the pavement.
“You wanna fuck with my girl?” he bellowed after him, watching him disappear, watching him just leave, skipping off into the after when Max bloody couldn’t. “Come on, you wanker! Come on and fucking try it!”
Behind him, he heard Mason pulling Charlie away, hissing, “Fucking tweakers. Come on. Let’s just get out of here before he gets up.”
And then Charlie, with her voice dark, “He’s not getting up.”
Max turned. Mason held Charlie around the shoulders, putting himself between her and the body. But as they picked a wide, ginger circle around the body, Charlie stared Max dead in the face.
Bad dog, her eyes said. Bad dog, wouldn’t stop chasing cars, looking for somebody to gnaw apart, and now that he had, now that’d he gone and pissed all over everything, was he finally fucking satisfied?
Max bared his teeth at her. Charlie looked away. Had to. Had to go back to pretending to be sweet and normal, had to fold up that knife quick and jam it back down deep in her pocket with tension singing in her shoulders, rage in her frame.
Bad puppy, he thought. Bad, bad, disgusting puppy, rolling in corpses.
Only then, looking down at the empty body curled up against the wall, Max stumbled into a fucking brilliant idea.
*
It was easier than nicking coats at a party. He’d done that once or twice as a kid, and this was no different—climb in, walk out.
It felt dirty, disgusting as hell, but Max reached in and sank into the body on the ground anyway, filling out the abandoned flesh. Took longer than the coats to get all his limbs accounted for, but once he had a good grip on the arms and legs, Max stole one long, last look at the city through his old eyes and shoved his head down.
Panic closed overhead, snubbing out the light and Max scrabbled backward, through the dark and moist, trapped in the cavern of flesh trying to climb up and out—can’t breathe can’t breathe can’t—and then the body sucked in a great heaving breath, his eyes came open and Max looked around at the world like a brand-new baby.
His teeth felt weird. They were all different shapes, missing in different places. More or less, his body felt just the same—mealy and strange but holy shit, he was alive. He was fucking alive.
Max jolted up from the ground cheering and promptly stumbled over, heaving the contents of his stomach into the street.
“Fucking drunk,” someone muttered, and a group of teens in fur-collars gave him a wide berth walk around.
Max grinned into the gutter, wiped his mug on the back of his sleeve and grinned.
It took him a bit to get his new body under control and standing upright. But once he’d managed to work out the whole balance thing again—and there was some trouble there, the body off its face on something strange and very illegal—he went rifling through his new pockets and came up with wads of cash. Probably stolen, but fuck that.
Tonight, he’d eat.
*
Walking into the first fast-joint he found, Max bought a half dozen of whatever meat they felt like putting between two buns and plopped down on the edge of the cracked pavement outside to eat it. Just the squish of the bun under its waxy paper and Max felt like a kid again, a woman in his hands for the first time and just that—bliss. He rinsed his mouth with a swig of cola. prickling ice cold little needles down his gums, and spat into the gutter.
And sitting on the pavement in the dark, Max ate.
He pulled buns apart just to feel the fluffy, half-crushed cheap white bread. Crunched sesame seeds between his new front teeth for the joy of it. Flaked apart salty, crap meat and pressed it flat against the roof of his mouth, sucking out the juices with pornographic abandon. Sour, crunchy pickles squeaked against his teeth, laced with mustard and fatty mayonnaise, and Max went through three burgers before he could slow down enough to chug down his cola, carbonation a clean fire that felt like coming back to life.
Wads of undercooked fries squished between his fingers, squelched between his teeth, hot grease flaying his gums with salt and wonderful, beautiful fat. Ketchup flecked his stubble, salt and grit under his nails. The body felt alien, but the grit felt like home.
When he put the last burger to rest and buried the wad of waxy, greased paper in a reeking, overflowing rubbish bin, Max felt like a new man. He pointed himself toward home and walked to the nearest petrol station. There, he bought one of those bloody stupid razors with the lather built right in. Washed his face and shaved in the gas station loo. He nicked a red line in that tricky spot by the ear, trying to navigate a whole new face, but he survived.
Max walked out of that gas station, hit the one the next block down and bought a box of Twinkies. They’d never tasted like much to him alive—gritty cream and dry cake—but now when the cake sucked the moisture from his mouth, coated his tongue with sugar and preservatives, it took his damn breath away.
Abandoning the box in the open side of an old skip, Max walked down a few blocks around the corner for the nearest ice cream place. Grinning like a puppy dog at the red-striped woman behind the counter, he got a banana split.
It felt like eating the Sistine Chapel. Strawberry syrup like sweet, perfect plastic. Lukewarm melted chocolate, banana thick with sugar, ice cream that tasted like cold air. Max wolfed it down, sucking air through his nose, smelling everything, touching everything. Sticky up to the wrists, arm hair matted with sugar residue—uncomfortable and full and alive.
Max sucked the last of the chocolate sauce from the spoon, tossed the plastic away as he walked out the door, and followed his nose to the street vendor two blocks down hawking hot, greasy slabs of pizza.
This time, it took him a minute to turn out his pockets for the bastard corpse’s last fiver. But when he had all his change collected and tallied, he bought the whole half pizza the vendor had left. Cheese, salted and tangy with a spice that bit back, delicious crispy pepperoni.
Max just finished the crust off his last slice as he climbed the fire escape up the side of his flat. Wiping the grease off on his coat, he crouched down to peer through the window. The living room sat in the kind of half dark that came from street lights, but he could see a light on in the kitchen, yellow spilling out onto the hall carpet and twining up into the light from the bathroom. Cautiously, he tapped on the glass.
Charlie emerged from the bathroom and squinted at the door, half glowering. Max grinned, tapped on the glass again, delighted to see her, to be solid and visible and undeniably exist. But when she turned, looked at the window and found him there, her face went to Voodoo Charlie in a flat second.
“Is Mason still here?” he asked when she threw open the window. His voice sounded strange coming out of this bloke’s mouth, deeper and slurred, like his tongue couldn’t manage to form a proper word. “I feel filthy.”
Charlie backed away, breathing like she had to concentrate really hard on not stopping. Max frowned and he climbed in, easing the window shut behind him.
 “Do I smell that bad?”
“You stole a body,” she said, her lips frightfully gray.
“Yeah, well. He was a jackass. And!—and so would you be if I’d not popped along.” He rocked on his heels, balance drifting. “Dead, I mean.”
“Max.”
“Charlie.”
She kept on staring at him, worse than toilet tissue, worse than a stray dog, worse than worse, and a really awful feeling started creeping through Max’s belly that had nothing to do with all he’d eaten.
“You stole a body,” she said. “I mean, thank you, for biting the bullet for me and all, but Jesus Christ.”
Max tried a grin for her. “No, look, it’s all right,” he started, reaching to put a hand out on her shoulder like he’d done pretty much every time they talked for the last year. But Charlie jerked back, hard and violent, shaking her head.
“Max, this is not all right.”
Max stared at her with the darkened couch between them, feeling for the first time like a stranger in his own flat.
“Well, what the hell would you rather, darling?” he snapped. “Should I have let him have a go at you? Did you want to be shot or raped or robbed? Did you?”
“Mason—”
“Mason’s a useless fuck, Charlie. He didn’t save you and he’s not here now. So what do you want from me?”
“Goddammit, Max. I didn’t need saving. I had my fucking knife.”
“You may have had your fucking knife, but he had his fucking gun. Knives and gunfights, Charlie. You’d have gotten killed.”
“I’d manage. And this—this is not about me. I did not evict a man from his own damn body and then go puppeting his corpse all over town. Shit, Max, where did you go? You’re covered in ketchup and that had better be chocolate. I don’t even know what to begin to do with you.”
“Well, maybe that’s the thing, yeah? Maybe you don’t need to do a damn thing with me. How about you take the passenger seat once in a while? Let someone move through this world without you telling ‘em where to go.”
Charlie went cold and very still. The streetlights outside hit her face and she looked… bad. Gray. Worse than she had with a gun pointed between her eyes because those eyes were fixed on him, her hands clenched into stones. “What exactly are you implying?”
But Max couldn’t back down. He’d climbed the whole mountain and here he was looking over the edge. Nothing to do but take the fucking jump.
“Where’s Mason?” he asked. “I bet he wanted to stay with you, just so you’d sleep easier. He’s that kind of guy.”
“He is that kind of guy, but I sent him home. I don’t need a fucking babysitter.”
“Yes, my point exactly. Charlie, you sent him home. You told him where to go and he went.”
“Oh, so he should have stayed the night? Just so he could wake up with his pants digging into him sideways, smelling like beer and yesterday, because some jackass popped out and demanded my purse?”
“Maybe he wanted to!” Max shouted. Charlie recoiled like he’d hit her, jaw clenched and wary. Gentler, he went on. “Maybe there are people in this godforsaken world who want to take care of you, Charlie. Maybe you don’t have to sort everything out by yourself.”
She ran a hand over her face, pushing the flyaway tendrils of lost hair away from her eyes and sank down onto the couch. She didn’t say anything. Max sat down beside her after a while. Their shoulders nearly touching, they stared into the dark together.
“Is that what you’re going to do?” she asked finally. “Steal this guy’s body and sort everything out for me? He could have warrants. Hell, he could have family.”
“Yeah. But, if it all works out, I could… we could…”
“Steal somebody’s life?” She glanced up sideways and amended, “He deserved what he got. I’d have stabbed the bastard’s eyes out given a chance. See how he liked being blind in prison. But this… this is wrong.”
“Doesn’t have to be. Charlie, look.” He grinned and thumped his chest. “Solid.”
“So, what? You take the thirty, forty years he’s got left and live out the life you never got to finish? You’ll be lying, Max. Every fucking day will be a brand new lie. It’ll always be somebody else’s life—somebody else’s body.”
“Finders keepers. I’m in it. It’s me. I ate today. Hamburgers, pizza—nothing memorable about it, but it was fucking fantastic. Later, I suspect I will take a dump, and that too will be fucking fantastic.”
“And you’ll still be dead,” she cut in, frowning at him, and it wasn’t at all like jumping, it was like the cliff crumbling away under him. “You’re still a dead man, only now you’re in a dead body. It doesn’t change anything. It’s not living; it’s borrowing.”
Max took a deep breath and put his head in his hands, elbows propped on his knees. He rubbed unfamiliar eyes, closed against an unfamiliar headache and Charlie was right.
Whatever that fucker had been on, the body was coming down off it now whether he wanted it to or not, and it wasn’t his high, and even suffering, it wouldn’t be his hangover. Wouldn’t be his withdrawal or his track marks. Wouldn’t be his bad record that kept him unemployed. Wouldn’t be his assault with a deadly weapon that got him locked up for years and years.
Charlie was right. She sat there, face like heartbreak, looking at him and seeing her mugger but still looking for him, and it wasn’t fair or okay or even good enough, but Charlie was right. 
“Fine,” he said and heaved his corpse up, off the couch. “What do we do?”
*
Max hated the water. But with Charlie sitting on the edge of the pier, the moon on her face, her eyes on him, he felt better. As better as drowning could feel anyway.
He waded out into the river, stony bed crumbling under his heels. A boat went past. The water shoved at his shoulders, took his balance and dropped him under. Max swore around a mouthful of water. He’d had gentler bar fights than this and he wanted back out, he wanted to go to bed in a warm body, with Charlie up against his side, but he knew better.
And that was a hell of a thing. Sometime between dying and stealing a new body, he’d bloody well grown up and Max didn’t like it at all.
Morals. Responsibilities. He’d never liked them well in life either, but just look here. Now they had him wading into the damn filthy river, off to die a second time, and wasn’t that just the truth of it?
The water closed overhead, the bay floor dropping out underneath of him. Panic seared him raw, his borrowed lungs burning for air, knowing better than to breathe, but breathing anyway. Max’s chest started filling with water, swelling up, heaving in buckets of river, which actually…
Felt okay. Lightheaded and strange and he still couldn’t breathe, but he felt cool on the inside. Like hot summers with lovely blue pools, beautiful girls in tiny string bikinis sunbathing in the sorry, waterlogged mess of his body.
Max left the body there and waded out. He stood next to Charlie on the pier, watching the abandoned corpse sink. Max felt sick—no, felt cheated. And that was worse. Charlie glanced his way and held out a hand, her face so carefully neutral it looked like it might shatter at any second. He took it anyway. His fingers passed right through her skin, but she didn’t flinch and that was enough.
The body got caught on a wave from a passing boat, blue face hitting the surface for a second, catching the moon.
They stood there, holding hands. Watching the water.
“I just wanted to be real for you,” Max said. “Here, you know? I hate being a damn shadow.”
“I like shadows.” Charlie smiled and his heart broke. “Very unobtrusive, shadows.”
“I don’t want to be unobtrusive. I was never unobtrusive. I was a right brawler, me.”
“And you’d still be engaged to that slut muffin after your memaw’s rings.”
“What? Oh no. Naw. She dumped me.”
Charlie looked sideways at him, one eyebrow raised. “You said ex, I thought you meant ex because you died. Why’d she come back to peek in all my vents?”
Max shrugged. “I bought her a ring. Thought it’d mean more than one I had just lying about, yeah? Well, she said it showed a lack of commitment on my part and that until I knew if I wanted to be married, she’d be fucking about with other blokes.”
Charlie kept watching him, even as always, and she still had her fingers twined as best they could manage in his.
“Did you want to be married?” she asked.
With her eyes on him, Max didn’t feel like a shadow. He felt lost, cold and naked, but visible. Here.
He squeezed her hand, watching the corpse kiss the tide. “No.”
They stood. When the corpse stopped coming up, when the last little bubbles flecking the corners of his lips popped and he sank, they went back to the car. They didn’t talk. After disposing of a body together, they didn’t really have to. Charlie just looked at him, all hunched and pathetic in the passenger’s seat—without any anchor in the world save Charlie, and losing her too, probably.
They didn’t go home. They drove.
For miles through night time city traffic, Charlie drove. With the clubs sneezing people onto the pavements in drunken wobbly clots, the Strip still mostly open anywhere that fried food or sold beer, bad music and teeth rattling beats pounding up from the other cars picking through cockeyed pedestrians right beside them, cheek against the glass watching the kind of people nobody ever saw out in the day, freaks arm in arm with snow cones and black smiles.
Max watched, not feeling much of anything. Just tired, waterlogged. Feeling the river.
And still, Charlie drove. She drove all through the city, through the nice bits he’d never had a reason to see, with half million dollar houses that’d have gone for a fiver back home; drove through a park and up half a mountain. And when she ran out of places to drive, she stopped up on a scenic overlook.
Max looked over the city for a half second, and then back to the car park around them, empty but for a pair of dead kids snogging. He watched them going at it, not really looking, but not really looking away either, burning up with envy and… and scared.
Coward, she’d called him. Holy shit, was he. Sitting here, watching a pair of kids who’d died doing something really stupid, probably. Or hell, maybe that side of the cliff had just caved in on them and sent them down the hillside, still locked at the face, and he wanted that. Because he was a terrified, lonely bastard and he’d done everything else by himself but he couldn’t do this, too.
Max felt the world slipping sideways on him. Any minute now, he’d spill out the cracks like too much jam on a sandwich, forgotten and unnoticed, like jam always was until it went and brought the ants in, but Charlie…
Coward, she’d called him. Hip half stuck inside the gearbox, Max spanned the distance and kissed her.
Charlie didn’t move. She didn’t pull away, but she didn’t lean in, either. Didn’t cuddle up into him or drag him by his collar into the backseat. Didn’t run her fingers through his hair. Somehow, even being kissed, she managed not to touch him at all.
Just looked at him, all sad eyes and pity and there wasn’t a damn thing she could have said would have hurt him more than that look.
Quietly, “Max.”
He sank back into the passenger seat and scowled out the windscreen at the city.
“Fuck it. I know.”
*
Things certainly didn’t go uphill after that. Any little thing had them fighting fit to bring the ceiling down. A bad night? A funny look? They argued. Mason coming around? They argued. Mason not coming around? They argued.
Max felt trapped. Stuck. Couldn’t go forward—no lights, no grand spiral staircase, not even a helpful sign saying you are here, now bugger off elsewhere. And he sure as hell couldn’t go back, as Charlie was kind enough to remind him every second of the goddamn day, never mind he’d gotten that body by saving her life. Gift from fate, that should have been. But then, Max decided as he trailed after Charlie, shouting his head off, fate was a right bitch.
“So what, he’s just going to be there now? Whenever he feels like?”
“I don’t know.”
“Bollocks. You’ve got the bloke by the short hairs, just like everybody else you run into.”
Charlie stormed across campus, cutting sideways through a large swath of green. “I’m letting him do what he wants. Like you said, remember? Because I can’t let anyone do anything on their own? Yeah, I decided to change that. Or isn’t that okay with you?”
And close on her heels, Max followed. “Oh, so you’re just going to change everything about you to suit this bloke?”
“This bloke, this bloke,” she snarled, mimicking. “Mason. His name is fucking Mason.”
“All right, then. Is fucking Mason going to be fucking you sideways over my death stain every night or what?”
“Your death stain. I can’t even believe you!”
“You could at least have the decency to do it elsewhere. Especially since you’re so deathly terrified I’ll watch.”
“You did, Maxwell. You fucking did.”
“I bloody well did not. I was in the loo smashing my head in again, thanks very much. Not everything I do revolves around you.”
“You,” she hissed and spun, grinding a fishtail in the mud as she turned to glower through him. “You follow me everywhere. Point in case—you followed me to class.”
He stared her right back, grinning with teeth. “You’re talking to air, sweetheart. Everyone thinks you’ve gone mad.”
Her eyes narrowed. Dangerous, yes, but she didn’t have anything of metal on her here—no switchblades on campus—and there wasn’t much she could do with a rock or stray tree branch to bother him. And anyway, Max almost wished she would. Have a good row, pitching things, fighting, clawing—the works. He wanted to feel something, anything. Wanted her to look at him and see him, not this sideways glancing, ignoring thing she’d be on, fucking Mason every night for the past eternity and—
And there she went, again. Charlie just turned and walked away, a muscle still going in her jaw, but otherwise perfectly ignoring him and fuck that. The time for timidity had bloody well passed.
“Is he moving in, then?” Max pressed, striding to keep up with her. “You gave him a key, so I assume he’ll be there all the time. You know he’s crazy for you, yeah? Soon he’ll be down on his bad knee, asking you to pop out his babies on your student loans and hardware-shop salary.”
She kept staring straight ahead, ducking into the alley between the last two campus buildings. “Shut up.”
“Will you name one after me?” he kept on. “A little Max to go with your Masons and Charlies? Or will you just settle with a Mason Junior?”
Charlie glowered like a meteor headed straight for his head. “What is your fucking problem?”
“I love you!” he shouted, wanting to shake her, wanting to crawl somewhere behind her spine and live there forever. “Does he?”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe?”
“Maybe, all right?” She grabbed her bag and jerked it back steady on her shoulder, knuckles white around the strap, pointedly not looking at him as she stormed out of the alley. “Does it fucking matter?”
Already glaring at the light, Charlie stopped at the side of the street. Just a block away from her flat and how dare it happen to be green when she needed to cross? For that matter, how dare it fucking exist? Max hated that look. Detested it irrationally with every fiber he didn’t have in his being.
“Yeah, it matters,” he snarled, coming up beside her. “You gave this bloke a key to our flat. He can just waltz into your life any damn time he wants and you don’t even know what you want.”
The light went red. Across the street, the little blue walking man flickered awake. Charlie strode off the pavement, head down like a bull.
“I want to be normal,” she snarled, and a truck flew around the corner, straight over the center line.
“Charlie!” he shouted.
But the thing had to be doing somewhere close to eighty on this wet, shitty city street and neither one could move fast enough. It hit Max head on and barreled right through—left him in just the same place when it barreled past.
But Charlie hit the bonnet and flew. She arced through the air, slammed like a rag doll into the side of a parked car, and hit the cement in a pile of hurt and bad angles.
Her middle fingers deployed on enraged instinct, eyes flying open a quarter second later. “The light was red, you piece of shit! Red!”
She wasn’t dead, Max thought blindly, rushing to her side. Not yet, anyway, propping herself up on the side of a parked car and trying to stand, spitting blood and cursing the drunken fuck and all those who’d had any part in spawning him down to the deepest, slimiest corner of hell.
“Charlie. Shit, Charlie—sit the fuck down! Where’s your phone?”
“My phone?” She glanced around, addled. When it didn’t call out her name and do a jig, she shrugged, giving it up. “Hell if I know. You see that bastard?”
“Yeah, darling, I saw him. Sit down. Easy, now.”
Glaring, she shrugged him off and pushed herself upright.
“I’m fine. I’d be better if I got his fucking license plate, though,” and then, as her very broken legs gave out and spilt her back onto the pavement. “Mother of fuck.”
“You are not fine.”
And for once in their nearly two years together, Charlie actually avoided his eyes. “It’ll buff out.”
“You keep spitting blood, Charlie,” he insisted, kneeling beside her, trying to get her to look up.
“I’m fine.”
“It’s coming from your lungs.”
She glared at him, ready to keep fighting, even with all the bruises and breaks. But then she sighed, slumped back against the car. The light changed from red to green, but no other cars drove down the street.
“I’m not going to the hospital,” Charlie announced, quite calm, like she’d said she didn’t feel like grocery shopping.
“Like hell you aren’t.” He scrabbled through her handbag, still somehow hooked on her arm, feeling panic rising like a sticky, cough-syrup tide as his fingers kept falling through the things he tried to grab. “Fuck, Charlie. Fuck. Where’s your phone?”
“I don’t have it.” She shrugged. Somewhere, bones ground together. “It wasn’t charged this morning, so I left it.”
Max jolted up standing then, scanning the apartment building, looking for lights on in the flat. He couldn’t find any, but those bulbs blew out all the time and maybe Mason was trying to surprise her with something now that he had his own key—sounded like him—and fuck he couldn’t think straight to save her life.
“You think Mason’s in?” he asked. “Bet I could make him come down here.”
“You’re not possessing Mason.”
“Well, fuck, Charlie. What am I supposed to do? You want to die here?”
Serene as a saint, she sighed and leaned her head back against the car. “I’m not dying, Max.”
Something in her voice made him stop. The way she said it, probably—like there was no way in the whole universe she could be wrong.
Max sat down. A couple streets over, a horn blared. Distant voices shouted.
“Charlie?”
“When I was five years old, I fell into the pool,” she said and swallowed, staring off down the street. “Beautiful day. Sky like you wouldn’t believe, blue for miles. They pumped the water out of my lungs, hooked my body up to all these machines. I was dead. Still ticking, but dead.”
She glanced at him and he couldn’t see a whole lot in the hazy street lights, but he thought she might be crying.
“I was just a little girl, Max. I was scared. When it happened, I did what I knew—I followed my parents. I just wanted everything to go back to normal. So when they went up into the hospital room, and there I was, looking at myself sleeping, I just… slipped back in.”
Jaw taut, she shook her head. “It’s not like being alive. It’s like hooking up a car with no battery to a generator on wheels. The car’s dead, but it still runs. Just not fast or far.”
Max memorized her face, hot lines of blood and desperation trickling down the back of his neck, her shoulder a warm, gauzy comfort against his own. “Why didn’t you say?”
“Because I hate it. Because I was only five years old; I shouldn’t have died! Because I didn’t want to be dead. I just want…”
“To be normal?”
Charlie smiled, kind of, and she was crying—lying in the road, in the dark and crying—and Max scooped her up as best he could manage. More than half mist, he held her tight to his chest and rocked as she whispered into his neck, “to not be a damn shadow.”
“You want I should ride with you to the hospital?” he asked.
Another car turned the corner. Headlights fell on them, Charlie’s blood glittering black on the asphalt. 
“I’m not going. It’ll patch itself up.”
“Sweetheart, real girls go to the hospital.”
The car squealed to a stop. He listened as a car door opened and slammed. A woman gasped, words spilling out of her mouth like the gash on Charlie’s leg.
“Oh my God. Oh my God. Are you okay? Just stay right there. Don’t move. Don’t move; I’m calling an ambulance. You’re gonna be okay.”
Charlie sighed, closes her eyes and reached for his hand. “All right. I guess.”
Max smiled. He twined their fingers and together they waited, through more headlights and sirens, through shouting men in green and alternating pavement washed red, washed blue. Through needles and monitors and sobbing, grateful parents. Through baffled doctors and smuggled-in chocolate. Through TV movies with Mason and bad hospital food, he held her hand.
And one of the benefits of being dead?
Max never let go.


Crystal Lynn Hilbert lives in the forgotten backwaters of Western Pennsylvania and subsists mostly on old trade paperbacks and tea. A fan of things magical and mechanical, her stories tend towards a peculiar blend of science and spell work. These stories have appeared in such magazines as Kaleidotrope, Andromeda Spaceways Inflight Magazine, and with Apex Magazine. 

