The Karini and Lamek Chronicles
Book One ~ The Land of Flames
By
Cynthia P. Willow

The Land of Flames

This story is a work of fiction.  Characters, events, and places are the product of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously.

I would like to thank my husband for his support.
Special thanks to my editor, Carol Fountain, for her countless hours of hard work, her dedication, and expertise.

Copyright © 2012 Cynthia P. Willow.
All rights reserved.

Cover art and design by Mary C. Findley
Contact Cynthia @
www.cynthiapwillow.com



PROLOGUE
For the inhabitants of the Land of Serenity, it has become a time of darkness, fear, and sorrow.  This land had once been beautiful and clean.  Creatures of all kinds had been free, and dragons had been the companions of humans.  But not anymore.  A vengeful, ruthless dragon by the name of Ocamar led a revolt against the noble human King Scott III and claimed the title of ruler for himself.  After winning the war, he placed everyone in the land under his dominion.  The Land of Serenity will now forever be governed by the evil Ocamar, or will it? 
What Ocamar doesn’t know is that right now, in a secret cave, deep in Yelkwood Forest, there is an army forming.  While there is strength in numbers, can an army of dwarves, elves, fairies, and other creatures, really defeat a clan of dragons?
We shall see….



CHAPTER ONE
The Secret Army
“Yelkwood Forest is forbidden,” whispered Karini, the fairy, as she fluttered her wings nervously.  “We shouldn’t have come here,” she added.
“Will you please hush up, Karini?  We don’t have much time as it is.  Do you think we should waste the time we do have arguing whether or not it was smart to attend this meeting?” said Finley, the Dwarf, as he stood on the tip toes of his oversized feet, trying to get a view of others at the secret meeting.
Karini thought a moment and then answered, “No, I guess not.  It’s just that if we get caught….” 
“Let’s move closer because I have something to say and I want everyone to hear me,” said Finley.
Karini wasn’t too thrilled, but she accompanied Finley to the front of the crowd.  
“Attention!  I need everyone’s attention!  We must begin, for we haven’t much time.  I have asked you all here because we must find a way to destroy the dragons.  Their rule becomes harsher with every passing day, and our slavery will never end unless we stop them.”
Speaking from the top of a large rock at the back of the cave was the oldest of the elves, Rumbleflin.  Rumbleflin had always been wise beyond his years.  He was tall for an elf, wore small-framed spectacles, and had a long grey beard that was separated into two braids.  His voice was deep, and he spoke with authority.  
He continued, “In this first meeting, we need to decide what to do about Ocamar and his cronies.  They’ve wiped out the human species and made us their slaves.  Is this the life you want for yourselves and your children?  Do you want to remain slaves, or be free?”
A loud shout for freedom echoed throughout the cave.  Some, however, had doubts.  Finley began to hop up and down waving his stubby arms to get Rumbleflin’s attention.  Finally, Rumbleflin noticed his urgency and held his hand up, signaling silence.  When all was quiet again, he granted Finley permission to speak.
“Excuse me, Rumbleflin, but isn’t it true that no one can kill a dragon?  Aren’t we just wasting our time here?”
Others began to loudly agree.
Rumbleflin, standing with both of his long-fingered hands resting upon his staff, said, “I believe we all have heard the legend of the dragon.  Most of you know it states ‘no man or creature can destroy a dragon.’  Nevertheless, I believe there is a way to destroy them.  I was fortunate enough to have read the original document.  At that time, I observed that there was something missing or an alteration of some degree had been made to it.  The parchment it was written on should have been much older; at least it seemed that it should have been older.  (Rumbleflin was known for his wisdom and intuition about these sorts of things.)  I don’t know if there is anyone alive anymore who knows the truth.  It’s my hope that we can find the document and ascertain the truth for ourselves.  This will not be easy, and some of you may lose your lives in the process, but it’s a risk that must be taken if we are to achieve victory over the dragons.  So, with that being said, do you want your freedom?”
“Yes!” the crowd shouted.
“Are you willing to fight for it?”
“Yes!” the crowd shouted again.
“Very well then; if there are any of you who can’t put all of your heart into the rebellion, now is your time to leave.  No one will hold it against you if you prefer not to be involved in war.  But, before you do, let me promise that if you even so much as breathe a word of our plans within earshot of the enemy, you will be considered a traitor, and I will personally see to it that you are no longer welcome in this land.  Now, is there anyone who would like to leave?  It’s now or never.”
In response, Dawna, a unicorn, left the meeting with her horn held high in the air as if this had been a waste of her time.  In addition, four fairy sisters, who didn’t think war would be good for their beauty or their wings, left the gathering, each taking out her hand-mirror as if checking to make sure that the mere talk of war had not marred their beauty.  While they would never betray the others, they were unwilling to chance the perils of war. 
Everyone but Rumbleflin was watching their exit.  Because Rumbleflin was wise, he thought it best to concentrate on those who chose to stay and ignore those who were leaving.  
His eyes fell on Karini, who had an indecisive look on her face.  Karini was a charming fairy, who was best friends with his son.  She had been orphaned at a very young age, and although she was much loved by her aunt, who had taken her in after her parents’ deaths, she was very shy and insecure.  Karini very much believed in the idea of the rebellion, but she wasn’t sure whether she wanted to get involved in it.
Rumbleflin, understanding her doubts, asked, “Karini, are you with us or not?  Can we count on you?  We really need a good fairy to be a spy for us, and you are the quietest of your kind.  Your wings make no noise when you flutter.  Please, I know you’re shy and full of fear, but you’ll overcome it.  I truly believe that.”
Karini batted her pink eyelashes, obviously flattered by Rumbleflin’s compliments, and answered as she moved towards him, “I’m in, sir.  You just tell me what you need me to do, and I’ll do it.”
“Wonderful,” Rumbleflin replied.
Then he spoke to those who remained, “I need you all to form a line and sign your name on this scroll.  This way I will be able to assign each of you a job at the next meeting.  Time grows short.  You will be notified by some of our fairy friends of the time of our next meeting.  As far as I know, this cave is still a secret from the dragons.  It will stay that way as long as you stay silent about its existence.  Meeting is adjourned!”
With that, a line formed, and names began to appear on the scroll.  Karini signed first.  Right behind her were the three fairy brothers, Brox, Golini, and Hunter, and Karini’s cousin, Flini, who was like a sister to her.  The dwarves were next; they included Finley and his two brothers, Tinley and Winley.  All of the elves, as well as Rumbleflin’s sixteen-year-old son, Rumpleflin, signed up.  Beavers, squirrels, centaurs, skunks, and unicorns ended the line.  Rumbleflin was much encouraged by the large number who volunteered for the rebel army.  With new hope of regaining their freedom, everyone departed, leaving the cave empty.

CHAPTER TWO
“Eaves Dwopping”
Karini sat crying on a rose petal with her head in her lap.  “What was I thinking?” she asked herself.  “I can’t believe I agreed to spy on Ocamar just because some old elf paid me a compliment.  I am so stupid!  Why, oh why, did I agree to join the rebellion?  What am I saying?  I know why I did it.  I want my life to be like it used to be.”
Karini stretched her dainty fingers behind her head and lay back, looking up at the gloomy sky above as her mind filled with wonderful memories of her past freedom.  She could almost feel the cool breeze on her face and smell the fresh flowers that bloomed year-round back then.  Flowers in full bloom now were few and far between.
The sound of other fairies dancing and singing on neighboring flowers filled her ears.  Then, in the distance, the sound of trumpets could be heard announcing the arrival of King Scott III getting ready to address the kingdom.
It was a fond memory.  King Scott III had been kind to everyone in the kingdom.  Even though Karini had been very young, she’d loved to hear him speak.  He believed that everyone in the Land of Serenity should be free and treated with respect.  He had absolutely forbidden slavery or abuse of any kind.  Anyone caught doing so, had been banished from the kingdom.
Karini thought back to when dragons were companions to humans, and found it hard to believe that the dragons had ever been good.  
Thoughts of the dragons made Karini angry.  Instantly, she realized just how important this war was going to be and just how much she was needed in the rebellion.  She sat up, wiped her eyes with her dainty hands, blew her nose on a leaf, and said, “I’m going to do it!  And not because of the flattery, but because I want to make more wonderful memories.  I want to experience joy, peace, and laughter again.  I want the Land of Serenity back!”
Then, without warning, something hit Karini on her head.  Sometime later, she awoke in darkness with a throbbing headache.  She tried to stand up but couldn’t.  She fluttered around frantically, but she hit something every which way she flew.  Using her sense of touch, she felt the barrier and realized it was glass.  She was obviously trapped in some kind of jar or bottle.  Feeling helpless, Karini lay down and began to sob.

“Mastey!  Mastey!  I done a gweat deed, I did!”  Lamek, Ocamar’s faithful servant, came running up to the dragon ruler, who had fallen asleep counting a big pile of gold coins.  Lamek was a blundering nuisance to the other dragons.  He was a strange creature, and seemed to be the only one of his kind.  His upper body was that of a bird, but his lower body was that of a lizard, complete with scales and a tail.  His speech drove all the dragons mad because he couldn’t pronounce words correctly, and he lisped.  He was also rather obnoxious.  But Ocamar seemed to enjoy his company, so the other dragons were forbidden to harm him, though they did their share of taunting him.
Yawning, and almost setting a nearby bench on fire, Ocamar spoke, “What nonsense are you babbling on about now, Lamek?  Did you hatch an egg or something?”
“Mastey!  I’ve been eaves dwopping on pwetty pink fairwy.  She said she’s a spy for some old elf.  Said there’s gonna be a rebellion and it will bwing back the Land of Sewenity!  I captured her by hitting her on the head with a wock and stuffing her in a jar.  That was good, wight?  Lamek is a good servant to his mastey!”
“Yes, yes, yes, Lamek.  This is all very interesting….  We must find out more about this rebellion.  The old elf has to be Rumbleflin.  No one else would defy me in such a way.  To teach everyone a lesson, I’ll revoke grounds privileges for all the elves.  Good work, Lamek.  Bring the fairy to me!”

Karini was awakened by the sound of a high-pitched voice singing out of tune.  The racket was coming from a dimly lit hallway just outside the room where she was being held captive.  It got louder and louder until she could make out the words to the song.  “Lamek wants pwetty pink fairwy, maybe Ocamar will make her marwy me!”
Karini became even more frightened.  “Someone who cannot sing very well is coming this way and wants to marry me?  I hope Ocamar is not with him” she said out loud.
All of a sudden, the door flew open and in popped Lamek, carrying a lantern, which he placed on the table beside Karini’s jar.  Karini had never seen such an odd creature in all her life.
She swallowed hard as the half-bird, half-lizard creature stared at her.  His beak held a grin and what looked like half of a worm hanging from the side of it.  Karini’s whole body shivered as she looked at the creature, waiting for it to speak.
“Helwo, pwetty pink fairwy!”
Karini had been raised to be polite to everyone, so with a shaky voice, she said, “Hello,” trying her best to smile and not offend.  “Who are you, and why do you have me locked up in this jar?”
“I’m Lamek, servant to Ocamar, gweatest of all Dwagons and wuler of the Land of Flames,” replied Lamek, blinking his small beady black eyes and spreading his yellow wings to take a bow.  “You are here because we have heard you are part of a rebellion that has formed against Ocamar.  You’re a spy, are you not?”
Karini couldn’t believe Lamek had this information.  She knew she couldn’t admit to any of it, so she batted her long, pink eyelashes and said in her sweetest voice, “My dear Lamek, obviously you have been misinformed.  I am no spy, and I’ve never heard about any rebellion forming a plot against Ocamar.  I have nothing against the dragons.  They’ve never hurt us fairies.  Whoever gave you this information is telling lies.”  Then she added a cute little giggle at the end.
At first, it seemed that Lamek believed her, because he was staring at her smiling, as if in a trance, but then his eyes got wide and he said, “Nope, I don’t tell lies.  I’m the one who heard the information.  I eaves dwopped on you in flower bed and heard everything you said!”
And with that, Lamek picked up the jar and headed out the door, down the dimly lit hallway, and into a dark room only lit by two torches.
At the back of the room, it got brighter as they approached huge piles of gold coins and other treasure.  Karini covered her eyes with the back of her right hand as Lamek set the jar down on a bench.
“Mastey is not here wight now.  We will wait,” said Lamek.
Karini didn’t respond.  She was in shock and trembling with fear.  She couldn’t imagine what she was about to face.  Shortly, Karini heard the sound of the massive door being opened and then shut.
Lamek shouted with excitement, “Mastey, Mastey, come and see pwetty pink fairwy!  Lamek did what you said!  Lamek is good servant!”
Karini was too afraid to uncover her eyes.  She could hear the jingle of gold coins being trampled upon and then a huge thud as Ocamar lay down on a pile of the gold coins and let out a big yawn, which warmed the room at least thirty degrees.
Ocamar said, “Well done, Lamek!  I’m impressed.  Open the jar and let the fairy out.  I’m sure she is not brave or stupid enough to try and escape.  Let’s let her have some exercise, shall we?”  Ocamar grinned widely as if really excited to see the pwetty pink fairwy.
Using both his beak and wings, Lamek removed the lid from the jar.  He looked down at Karini, who still had her eyes covered.  “Come out pwetty pink fairwy, come spwead your pwetty pink wings a bit, yes?  Don’t be afwaid of us.  We won’t harm you.  We just want to talk a bit.” 






CHAPTER THREE
Rumbleflin’s Dreams
“What are we going to do now, father?” asked Rumpleflin.  “Without grounds privileges, we won’t be able to conduct another meeting with the army.”
Just minutes before, Ocamar had revoked grounds privileges for all the elves.  He didn’t state a reason, and no one dared question him.  Rumors about a fairy being captured by the creature Lamek were circulating, so the elves weren’t surprised by the punishment.
Rumbleflin was sitting with his hands folded on top of the table where the elves had just eaten their supper of watered-down soup and stale crackers.  He looked at his son, then at each elf, one by one.  “We must remain calm and have faith that circumstances will change.  The hour grows late and we all need our rest.  Not having grounds privileges does not mean not having to work, and we must all be prepared for whatever tomorrow may bring.  Goodnight to you all.  I will pray and think about our circumstances, and perhaps I will get new ideas from within my dreams as I sleep.  I will retire now, please excuse me.”
Rumbleflin got up from the table, and leaning heavily on his staff, slowly walked to the bedchamber he shared with his son.  He lay down, breathed deeply, and prayed, “Please let something helpful come to me in my dreams.”  It didn’t take long for him to drift off to sleep.
“Rumbleflin, I have wonderful news!”
“What is it, my love?”
“We are going to have a child!”
“Nevaeh, that is wonderful!  When…?”
“In about seven months, my dear.”
Rumbleflin hugged his wife and just as he was about to kiss her…..  
Unexpectedly, Rumbleflin was awake.  “Drat!  That was a wonderful dream.  Why did I have to wake up?  Happy, happy times those were.  Oh well, I shall try to dream again.”
“It’s a boy!  Congratulations!”
A plump, older woman in a long white dress stood by Rumbleflin’s wife, holding a crying baby boy.  “What will his name be, milady?”
Nevaeh smiled at the midwife and replied, “He will be named Rumpleflin, a name that sounds much like his father’s.”
Rumbleflin held his new son, kissed his forehead, and laid him in Nevaeh’s arms.
“Father, are you awake?”  Rumbleflin’s dream was again interrupted.
“What?  Oh, it’s you, Rumpleflin.  I was dreaming.”
“I’m sorry, father.  I just hoped you’d still be awake.  No matter, just go back to sleep.”
Rumbleflin sat up in his bed and said, “I don’t believe there’s any such thing as no matter.  You wouldn’t have woken me up for no matter.  Something is bothering you other than loss of grounds privileges I do believe.”
“Yes, I was just thinking that I am glad my mother didn’t have to endure slavery.  It’s good that she’s dead and didn’t have to see this beautiful land she loved so much be ruled by dragons.”
“Indeed, I agree.  Nevaeh wouldn’t have reacted well to Ocamar’s dictatorship.  She was a free spirit and quite stubborn at times, typical for a witch.  Let’s get some rest, my son.  We both need it and daylight comes early.”
“Okay, father, I will try.  Goodnight.”
Father and son both lay down, thinking their own thoughts.  Once again, Rumbleflin closed his eyes and began to dream again.
Rumbleflin was running up the boardwalk to his cottage that sat beside a beautiful flowing brook.  Neveah met him at the door.
“Rumbleflin, have you heard?  Oh God, it’s terrible!  Dragons have overtaken the castle.  They’ve killed King Scott III, along with his beautiful wife, Savannah, and all of their servants.  They’re moving through the kingdom killing at will.  What are we going to do?”
“Yes, I know, and it gets even worse.  The leader of these dragons is Ocamar.  He has declared that all elves are to report to the castle to be slaves, or be killed if they refuse.  He has driven the dwarves from the gold mines and plans to use the elves in their place.”
Nevaeh sobbed and hugged her husband tightly, while Rumpleflin, not more than three years old, played on the floor near them.
“What are we going to do?  I’m not an elf, and they will find this out.  What will happen then, do you think it will matter?”
“Yes, it will definitely matter.  Sit down, Nevaeh, you are about to hear the worst.”
Nevaeh sat down at the kitchen table and grabbing a handkerchief said, “Go ahead, I’m ready.”
Rumbleflin closed his eyes, and as a tear fell, he told his beloved wife what he had just heard before returning home.
“Ocamar has ordered that all witches and wizards are to be put to death.  We don’t know why, but he must have a hatred for them.  There aren’t many left as it is, but he plans to make them extinct.  If he doesn’t already know that you are a witch, he will soon find out.  You must flee to Mount Flog, and I’ll set the house on fire.  The dragons will assume that one of them did it and believe you to be dead.”
Nevaeh looked at him in horror and then pleaded with her husband, “You must come with me, Rumbleflin.  We can fake all of our deaths.  I can’t bear to leave you and Rumpleflin.”
“No, Nevaeh, there is no time for us all to go.  As leader of the elves, I need to stay.  They will not survive without my guidance.  Being elves, it is much too cold for Rumpleflin and me to live on Mount Flog.  I will keep him with me and protect him.  He will be safer here than on the run with you.  You must save yourself.  I promise I’ll find a way to put a stop to this insanity and we will be reunited.  You must trust me that I am right.  Flee to Mount Flog, now!  Go before it’s too late!”
Nevaeh, sobbing, quickly gathered the small family portrait that had been painted a couple of weeks before, her journal, and her wand.  Then she kissed both of them, barely able to breathe, snapped her fingers, and vanished into thin air.
Rumbleflin grabbed his son and ran outside.  After placing his son in a safe place, he quickly set his beautiful cottage ablaze.  Holding back the tears, he picked up his son, and started walking towards the castle that had once been the home of his dear friend, King Scott III.
Later that night, imprisoned in the castle, he lied to the others about what had happened to Nevaeh.  He hoped that he would be able to make things right soon, but for now, to protect them both, he had to pretend that his beautiful Nevaeh was dead.



CHAPTER FOUR
Ocamar’s Secret
“So, fairy, what is your name?”
Karini looked at Ocamar and chills ran through her body.  He was the biggest dragon she had ever seen.  Come to think of it, she’d never seen one this closely before.  His scales were a shiny mixture of blues and greens.  His eyes were big and black like crystal balls, and she could see her reflection in them.  He was quite magnificent but very terrifying.  Taking a deep breath, Karini whispered, “Karini, sir.”
“LOUDER !” shouted Ocamar.
“Karini, sir, my name is Karini,” she said.
“Kawini is a pwetty name, wight, mastey?” asked Lamek, staring at Karini as though in a trance.
“Yes, Lamek, I suppose Karini is a pretty name for a fairy.  Pink is not my color though.  I prefer greens and blues.”  Ocamar laughed and Lamek ducked to avoid having his feathers’ singed by the flames.
Karini giggled a little to let Ocamar think that he had humored her.  But on the inside, she was ready to vomit.
Ocamar continued, “So, Karini, has Lamek filled you in as to why you are here?”
Karini replied, “Yes, sir, though I do believe, begging your pardon, sir, he is confused.”
“Explain.”
Having had time to observe Lamek, Karini had concluded that there was a chance that she could believably deny Lamek’s story.  “Well, sir, Lamek says he overheard me in the flowerbed plotting against you, but that isn’t true.  See, sir, I am known to talk aloud in my sleep.  What Lamek may have overheard was a bad dream I was having.  I don’t remember much about it.  All I really remember is waking up all alone, crying.  You can ask Lamek if any other fairies were around.  Surely he would’ve been seen capturing me if there had been anyone else there.  I’m sure someone would remember seeing Lamek.”
Ocamar didn’t question Lamek about this because he saw Karini’s point.  Lamek obviously had not been seen spying for Ocamar.  Any fairy who would’ve seen him would’ve let out a shriek in horror at his odd appearance, and by now everyone would be talking about Karini’s capture by Lamek.  That wasn’t happening.  Watching her facial expressions closely, Ocamar asked, “So, are you telling me that you were plotting against me in your sleep?  Is that supposed to be any better than when you are awake?”
Being very aware of Ocamar’s keen interest in how she responded, Karini batted her eyelashes and turned on the charm.  “Sir, I wasn’t plotting anything.  I was merely dreaming.  Please, you can’t possibly hold me responsible for talking in my sleep.  Just because I dreamed something doesn’t make it true.  Lamek misunderstood what was really happening.”
Ocamar looked at Lamek and then back at Karini.  He said, “I would like to believe you, but I will have to keep you in my custody just a little longer, just in case you are a spy as Lamek claims.  In case you don’t know, the elves think they are very clever, especially their leader, Rumbleflin.  I find it interesting that in your sleep, so you say, you agreed to be a spy against me because an old elf flattered you.  You could only have meant Rumbleflin.  Do you know him?”
Karini knew that she would have to be very careful with her answer.  “Yes, sir.  I know who he is,” replied Karini, looking Ocamar straight in the eyes.
“Good girl, you told the truth.  Now when did you last speak with him?”
“Why, in my dream of course,” lied Karini.
Ocamar stared hard at Karini for several seconds.  “I see; perhaps you don’t…what is it, Lamek?”
Lamek had been flapping his wings, causing him to hover up and down in Ocamar’s side view.  “I want to marwy Kawini!  Pwease, Mastey, make her marwy me!”
Ocamar gave the request a little thought as he stared at Karini.  He smiled and said, “Lamek, I do believe a wife would do you some good.  Karini, I am sparing your life so you can marry my servant, Lamek.  His speech is terrible, and he is lacking in the looks department, but should be quite satisfactory as a husband for a spy.  If you prove yourself to be as trustworthy as Lamek, I will eventually allow you to leave the castle, together.  We will have the ceremony a week from tomorrow night so all your friends see what can happen to those who lie to me.  You may go now!”
Ocamar had spoken his final word on the matter.  He gave a loud roar and left the room.
Karini looked at Lamek and began to cry.  She started to fly towards the empty jar, but Lamek stopped her.  “Don’t cwy, Kawini, you don’t have to be locked up in that jar anymore.  You can stay with me in my chambers.  Mastey will see that you are comfortable there too.  You just wait and see.  We will be so happy together.  Now, follow me.”
Lamek skipped out of the room and down the dimly lit hallway, with Karini flying as far behind him as she reasonably could.  He led her into a room that wasn’t much bigger than a closet, but it was cozy and warm.  Lamek hopped in his nest which was made of grass and twigs and things that birds collect.
Karini looked around and saw that Lamek had a vase with a single rose in it.  “May I sleep there?” she asked, pointing to the red rose in full bloom.
Lamek replied, “Of course you may.  Make yourself at home.  You may sweep there until we are marwied.  Welax, evewything will be fine.”
Karini flew to the rose and made herself comfortable.  She knew her situation could be much worse, and Lamek didn’t seem to be as bad as he looked.  She wondered about his connection to Ocamar.  “Lamek, if you don’t mind me asking, why do you work for Ocamar?”
“You must pwomise to not wepeat what I tell you,” answered Lamek.
Karini agreed, and Lamek began to tell her the story of his loyalty to the dragon she secretly planned to help destroy.
“Me and Ocamar were enslaved by a mean wizard named Zedbulla.  He was cwuel to us, so we became fwiends.  One day, I overheard Ocamar pweading with Zedbulla for fweedom.  Zedbulla got angwy and thweatened to kill him if he twied to escape.  Ocamar said, ‘Go ahead and twy, but you know that the legend says that no dwagon can be killed by man.’
“Zedbulla laughed at Ocamar and said, ‘Wight you are, Ocamar, wight you are.  But I am not just a man.  I am a wizard, and the legend also says one that has magical blood wunning thwough his veins possesses the power to kill dwagons.’  He then cast a spell on Ocamar so he couldn’t move while he chained him to the wall.”
“Ocamar was outwaged.  As he sat there chained to the wall, Ocamar silently plotted his wevenge.  When Zedbulla went out the next day, Ocamar told me to steal the key that night and unlock the chains.  He pwomised we would escape and be fwee; so that night when Zedbulla fell asleep, I stole the key.  The chains made so much noise when we twied to wemove them that Zebulla woke up and caught us in the act of escaping.  In his huwwy to stop us, he fowgot his wand, so as he turned away to wetwieve his wand to punish us, I quickly unlocked the chains binding Ocamar to the wall.  As Zedbulla turwned awound with the wand, he was suwpwised to see Ocamar standing over him.  Ocamar then knocked him to the floor, which caused Zedbulla to dwop the wand, which I quickly gwabbed.  The fall knocked the wind out of Zedbulla, and befowe he could catch his bweath to utter a magic spell, Ocamar pounced on top of Zedbulla and torwe his heart out.  Standing over Zedbulla’s dead body, he gave a mighty rwoar that set the house on fire.  We quickly escaped the burning house and walked away from that horwible pwace, and we have been together ever since.  Me and Ocamar are the only ones who know about the wegend.  Pwease don’t say anything.  I swore to secwecy.”
Karini thought a moment about what Lamek had told her, and a part of her felt sorry for Ocamar.  She couldn’t overlook what he did to King Scott III and the others he’d killed, but she understood why he killed Zedbulla.  She also understood something else.
“Is that why Ocamar ordered all witches and wizards to be killed, so none of them could destroy him?” she asked.
Lamek looked at her and said, “Yes, the only thing he fears is magic.”  

CHAPTER FIVE
Bludgeon in the Dungeon
“All of you sit down somewhere and shut up!  I have some interesting developments to share with you,” ordered Ocamar as he looked upon the other twelve dragons.
He sat high on a pile of gold at the back of a very deep dungeon in the lowest part of the castle.  The dungeon was secret and only known to the dragon clan.  No one else, including Lamek, knew anything about it.  It was entered by password only, which Ocamar changed whenever he felt like it.  Today, the password just happened to be Karini.
He continued, “I assume you all would like to know the significance of the new password.  It just so happens that Lamek has found himself a wife.”
Laughter broke out all over the murky dungeon, and jokes about Lamek began to circulate around the room.  Soon the dragons were rolling in the gold covering the dungeon floor.
Ocamar was not amused, however.  “Get serious!  I didn’t bring you all here to jest.  The bride-to-be is named Karini, and she is a fairy.”
More laughter broke out.  Ocamar stood up and shot a long flame just over the tops of the other dragons’ heads.  Silence fell.  “Do I have your attention or not?”
“Yes, Master,” said Cornelius, whose ears were almost scalded by the flame’s heat.
“Excellent.  As I said before, the fairy’s name is Karini.  She was brought here because Lamek says he overheard her talking about an army that is plotting a rebellion against us.  He also says an old elf asked her to become a spy.  We all know who that might be.”
Shouts were then heard all over the room.  
“Kill the fairy!”
“It’s Rumbleflin, master, he should be questioned.”
“Why is Lamek marrying the enemy?”
“Mutiny!”
“Treason!”
Ocamar impatiently closed his eyes for a moment.  “Do you not think that I haven’t already thought of all of that?  I am no fool.  I know very well that Rumbleflin is conspiring against us, and I believe the fairy is indeed a spy for him.  I see no reason to kill the fairy, yet.  By exchanging her life for marriage, we will send a clear message to the others that treason will not be tolerated by us.  She is most fortunate that Lamek is so obsessed with her; otherwise, she would indeed be dead right now.
“As you know, I have terminated grounds privileges for all the elves without telling them why.  We’ll need to keep a close watch on them for their next move.  Karini’s capture and nuptials to Lamek will reveal to them that we know she is a spy.
“As much as I like Lamek, we cannot trust his judgment when it comes to Karini.  He’s blinded by her beauty.  While I expect you to keep a close eye on the little fairy, I also expect you to treat her with respect.  I owe Lamek my life, and I don’t want him hurt if I can help it.  If you see or hear anything suspicious, you are to report it to me and no one else.
“As for the elves, do not hover over them.  Watch them from afar and don’t question them.  They have proven beyond doubt that they won’t crack under pressure.  Does everyone understand what I am asking of you?”
In unison, the dragons voiced, “Yes, master.”
“Very well, you are dismissed.”
One by one, the dragons left the dark dungeon whispering amongst themselves and snickering about Lamek and Karini.  Ocamar left too, and on his way to his chambers, he stopped to take a peek inside Lamek’s room.  The room was so small that he couldn’t physically enter it.    It was dark in the room except for a single candle on the windowsill.  He could see Lamek asleep in his nest, but he couldn’t spot Karini at first, which made his heart fall to his feet.  After searching the room carefully, he finally spotted her resting in a rose that Lamek kept in a vase.  Lamek always kept flowers in his room because he said they reminded him of the pwetty fairwies.
Lamek had been watching the fairies for quite some time now, obsessed by their beauty.  Ocamar had a bad feeling that Lamek would no longer be an ally if anything happened to Karini.  He hoped that keeping her captive would divert any trouble from Lamek until he was able to end the rebellion.
Karini woke up to find Ocamar staring at her from the doorway.  She gasped and placed her hand over her mouth, trying not to wake Lamek.  Ocamar had not meant to scare her so he said, “Pardon me, Karini.  I was just checking on you two.  Are you comfortable?”
Karini nodded her head in agreement.  She was surprised by his hospitality, so she smiled and whispered, “Thank you.”
Ocamar removed his head from the doorway and left.  When he reached his chambers, he immediately climbed into his magnificent bed which was made of pure gold.  He was extremely tired and fell into a dreamful sleep….
Slap!
“Arrrgh!”
Slap!
“Master, why must you punish me so?”
Zedbulla stood behind a very young Ocamar, with a long whip in his hand, sweat dripping from his brow.  “Because I own you, and as my property, I can do whatever I want to you.”
The collar around his neck was so tight that Ocamar could barely turn his head to look at his abuser.  “I am supposed to be your companion.  Lamek and I are part of your family.  King Scott III demands that all creatures be treated with respect.  If he knew about this abuse, he would have you arrested.”
Zedbulla threw his head back and laughed, “Please…companion? King Scott III has three dragons of his own.  They are slaves to him, same as you are to me.  Why else do you think they are chained inside the castle?  Everything he says in those boring speeches is lies.  All men punish their slaves.  It teaches discipline and builds strength.”
“Carry on then, master.”
Ocamar closed his eyes as the whip hit him over and over in his back.  He was thankful to have scales and not skin.  Poor Lamek lost many of his feathers with each beating.
He thought to himself, ‘One day, I will be strong enough to conquer all the men in the kingdom.  Then they can never be cruel to the dragons again.  When that happens, dragons shall rule, not men.  One day, this land will be mine….’
Ocamar’s dream shifted to reveal an earlier memory than the previous one.
“You stupid fairy!  I will make you pay!  You are my slave!  I will make you so hideous, you will never want to run away again.  No one will want to look at you.  Then you will stay here and do your chores out of fear of what others might do to you because of the way you look!”
Lamek tried to dodge the curse, but Zedbulla was too great a wizard to ever miss the target of his wand.  “Converte Reptilous Canarious.”
Ocamar watched as the curse from Zedbulla’s wand transformed Lamek from a handsome little fairy into a half-bird, half-lizard creature.  Then Zedbulla did something even worse.  “Reminiscence Ebbisto!”
Immediately, Lamek’s memory was modified, erasing any memory he had of being a handsome and popular fairy.  He would never know that he was really a fairy unless Ocamar told him.  Ocamar planned to wait until the time was right for himself to tell Lamek the truth.  To protect himself, he swore to Zedbulla that he would keep everything he had just witnessed a secret.  Besides, he had no way to undo the curse placed upon Lamek.




CHAPTER SIX
Truth or Innuendo
Talk of Lamek’s engagement began to spread throughout the kingdom.  The elves were now sure the rumors they were hearing about a captured fairy were true.
Rumbleflin overheard some of the dragons discussing the upcoming wedding and was sure that he heard the mention of Karini’s name.  This was not good news.  He wanted to find out for sure.
Well into the night, after everyone was asleep, Rumbleflin sneaked out of his bedchamber and headed to Lamek’s room.  The door was ajar just a bit.  He peeked inside, and to his disappointment, he saw Karini resting on a rose in a vase on a table where Lamek ate his meals.  He wanted very much to speak to her and find out if the marriage talk was the truth.
“Karini,” whispered Rumbleflin.
Karini didn’t stir.
Whispering a little louder, he repeated, “Karini!”
“Huh?  Who’s there?”
“An old friend,” answered Rumbleflin.
“Rumbleflin, is that you?”
“Yes, my dear Karini.  We must discuss your state of affairs.”
Karini lifted her tiny body quietly from the rose bed and fluttered to Rumbleflin.  “It’s so wonderful to see a familiar face; I despaired of ever seeing any of my friends again, Rumbleflin.  Please tell my aunt that I’m alive, for now, and that I’ve been ordered to wed Lamek in just two days.  Ocamar exchanged marriage for my life.  I’m not sure if I got the better deal.”
She swallowed hard and Rumbleflin noticed the goose bumps that were now forming on her waif-like arms.
He commented, “So, all of the gossip throughout the kingdom is indeed fact.  I was afraid of that.”
“Yes, I’m sorry to say that it’s all true.  I was brought in on treason charges because Lamek overheard me lamenting my agreement to spy on Ocamar.  Please forgive me, Rumbleflin.  I had no idea he was hiding in the flowerbed.”
Karini proceeded to tell Rumbleflin the whole story of being fairy-napped, and barely escaping the death sentence from Ocamar.
“I can see how fearful you are, my child, and I know you did not give our secret away on purpose.  Not to worry, I do not foresee a marriage between you and Lamek, not in two days at least.”
Rumbleflin took Karini in his hand and gave her a comforting smile.  Her goose bumps disappeared, and for the first time in a week, she felt some relief.
“Oh, I almost forgot the most important thing!” Karini exclaimed.
“Oh?  What is it, my dear?  You have some helpful information?”
“Yes.  Lamek told me last night that Ocamar had all witches and wizards killed thirteen years ago because he was afraid of them.  According to the legend that his master confessed to him, only one who has magical blood running through his veins possesses the power to destroy a dragon!  He swore me to secrecy.”
Rumbleflin’s expression changed as Karini’s words gave him new hope.  “That explains a lot!  Now I know what we must do.”
Karini didn’t understand how this information could help the army.  “Rumbleflin, Ocamar had them all destroyed.  There are no wizards or witches left, so how can this help us?”
Rumbleflin smiled and said, “But indeed there are!  I have no time to explain.  You will have to trust me, and please don’t tell anyone else about the legend.  Now I must go before someone finds me here.  I have something very important to do.  Go back to sleep, Karini, and don’t worry about the state you’re in.  Everything will all work out just fine.  The time has finally come at last.”
Karini watched Rumbleflin disappear down the hallway and wondered what that last statement meant.  She returned to her rose bed, and after checking to make sure Lamek was still asleep, she drifted off into her own repose.

Not only did the news of Lamek’s engagement reach the elves’ ears, but word also spread to the fairies.  Flini had been worried about Karini since she had not seen her in about a week.  Now that she heard Lamek was marrying a fairy, she knew why Karini was missing.  She was angry with herself for not telling anyone before now.  She’d assumed that the absent Karini had been on a secret mission for the army and was instructed not to tell anyone.  Now she knew differently.  Certainly, she thought, being a spy did not extend to marrying the hideous Lamek!
Flini rushed home to her mother to tell her the horrible news before anyone else did. Renny was a beautiful fairy, with long, purple hair, wings, and eyelashes, and aunt to Karini.  “Mother, something awful has happened to Karini.  The rumor we’ve heard about that awful half-bird, half-lizard, or whatever he is, creature marrying a fairy is true, and it’s Karini he has chosen!  He gives me the creeps, especially the way he watches us when we dance in the flower beds as if he were hypnotized or something.  He gives me the creeps, and he’s best friends with Ocamar himself.  I shudder to think what Karini's life will be like being married to him.  Oh, this is just dreadful!”
Renny stared at Flini in horror and said, “That is terrible.  With Karini taken captive and all the elves being denied grounds privileges, this can only mean one thing.”
Flini opened her eyes wide, put her delicate hand over her mouth in shock, and then said, “Ocamar has discovered our plot against him!  Oh no, everything is a mess.  What are we going to do, mother?”
Renny looked helpless.  “I don’t know, Flini.  There’s not much we can do.  We can’t get into the castle without being seen or heard.  I believe Karini was the only fairy who could have accomplished that.  We have to hope that Rumbleflin has a plan to rescue her.  If not, then our hopes of regaining the Land of Serenity are shattered, and Karini is doomed.”




CHAPTER SEVEN
Rumbleflin’s Confession
Rumbleflin hurried back to his bedchamber.  He now knew the way to destroy the dragons.  He approached his son’s bed.  For a moment, he just watched him sleep.
Poor Nevaeh, he thought, I’m so sorry you didn’t get the time with Rumpleflin that I have.  You’ve suffered for the last thirteen years, and I can only imagine what it has been like to be separated from your son for so long.  I promise it will all be over soon.
Rumbleflin placed his long-fingered hand on his son’s shoulder and quietly, so as not to wake the others, he said, “Rumpleflin, my son, wake up.  I have something to tell you, and it cannot wait.”
Rumpleflin opened his eyes and sat up in bed.
“What is it, father?  Are you all right?”
He rubbed his eyes, yawned, and then anxiously looked at his father, waiting for him to speak.
“Follow me, son.  Put on your robe, and let’s go into the kitchen so we don’t wake the others.”
When they sat down at the table, Rumbleflin took a deep breath and said, “I have just been to Lamek’s bedchamber.  There is indeed a fairy there.  Unfortunately, it’s Karini.”
Rumpleflin shook his head, not wanting to believe what his father had said, but knowing in his heart that it was true; his best friend was being held captive.  “That means the rumors are true.  Is Karini all right?”  
“Yes, but frightened out of her wings.  In spite of the bad news, she is very lucky.  Lamek’s obsession with wanting to marry her actually saved her from death, but I can’t get into that now.”
Rumpleflin said, “Poor little thing.  Karini has always been easily frightened.  She’s insecure because of her parents’ death.  I can relate.  Do you have a plan for her escape, father?  Surely you don’t plan to let her marry Lamek.  How appalling!  If we allowed that to happen, we might as well let her d…”
Rumbleflin interrupted his son.  He had something more pressing to tell him at the moment.  “Please, son, I must finish.”
“Yes, I’m sorry; I’m just so shocked about Karini’s predicament.”
“That’s quite all right.  Forgive me for waking you, but the news I have is just too compelling.  Now, where was I?  Oh yes, as I said, I just spoke to Karini and she told me something very significant.  But, before I tell you what that is, I have a confession to make.  If you’re not fully awake now, you will be soon.  Son, I must ask you to please hear the whole story and the reasons for what we did before you pass judgment on us.  Can you do that?”
“Wait, I don’t understand, father.  You’re talking gibberish.  Who’s ‘us’ and why would I judge you?  Really, just spit it out.  I’m sure whatever it is, it’s not as terrible as you think.  You’re being very dramatic, although that is typical for an elf.”
Rumbleflin looked his son square in the eyes and said, “Son, your mother is not dead.”
For a few seconds there was nothing but silence.  Then Rumpleflin said, “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“Your ears did not deceive you, son.  Your mother is not dead.”
“But, how can that be?  The dragons, the fire…. I was there.  I was only three, but I remember the flames engulfing the house and you telling me that she died in the burning house.  You tried to save both of us, but you could only save me.  Why do you say such things now?  Did Karini tell you that she learned mother escaped the fire; that she’s alive and being held prisoner somewhere?  I don’t understand any of this.”
Rumbleflin reached across the table to hold Rumpleflin’s hand.  “It is complicated, son.  I will explain about Karini in a moment, but I must tell you about your mother first.”
Rumpleflin closed his eyes.  What could be so awful that his father had lied about his mother’s death?  A lump was rising in his throat and his heart was racing.
“Go on, father.  Please, I want to hear the truth.”
Rumbleflin explained to his son about Nevaeh being a witch, the fire, and why he had to lie to him.  “Your mother did not want to leave you, son.  It was very hard for her.  It was hard for both of us.  But it was the only way to save both of you at the same time.  Ocamar would have killed her if she had stayed here, and she couldn’t take you with her because Mount Flog is extremely cold.  As leader of the elves, I couldn’t go with her, so I stayed here with you so that all three of us were protected from death.”
Rumpleflin let go of his father’s hand abruptly and asked, “Why did you wait so long to tell me this?  I haven’t been a child for a long time now, father.  I’m sixteen!”
The tone of Rumpleflin’s voice had changed, and Rumbleflin knew his son was angry.  Rumpleflin continued, “I don’t understand what any of this has to do with Karini or why it all of the sudden became urgent.  You’ve waited thirteen years to tell me the truth, and now you make the confession in the middle of the night?”
“Yes, that must seem a little confusing.  You see, Lamek told Karini a secret that only he and Ocamar knew.  When Karini told me this secret, I knew it was time to tell you the truth, because you are the answer.  You are the one who can destroy the dragons.”
“That’s great, now I’m more confused than I was a minute ago, father.  What do you mean I am the one who can destroy the dragons?  I know that you said that the legend about no one being able to destroy a dragon might be false, but how can you be sure Lamek didn’t lie to Karini?  Perhaps he lied to trap you, and thus have all of us executed for treason.  Have you thought about that?”
“Yes, I have thought about it, and I believe Lamek told Karini the truth.  It makes sense that Ocamar ordered all witches and wizards be destroyed if he feared them.  As I have always thought, the legend goes beyond what we knew of it.  Lamek says that those with magical blood possess the power to kill dragons, which is where you fit into all of this.”
“You mean because my mother was a witch?  That would make me half-wizard.  I have magical blood running through my veins,” exclaimed Rumpleflin.
“I knew you would catch on quickly.  You are the answer.  You can destroy the dragons and restore the Land of Serenity.  You can reunite our family.”
Rumpleflin ran his hands through his black hair, shook his head, and replied, “Perhaps I could, father.  But that doesn’t mean I plan to.”

CHAPTER EIGHT
Love and Sacrifice
It was the night before the wedding, and Karini lay sobbing on her rose bed.  She heard the combination of feet hopping up and down and the flapping of wings, signaling that Lamek was approaching.
Karini thought, Rumbleflin said he didn’t foresee us marrying.  He must’ve been wrong.  The time of the ceremony is drawing near.
“I marwy Kawini tomorwow!  Yippee!  Yippee!”  Lamek entered the room.  In his hand he held a tiny gold box, and his smile was as wide as he could manage.  “I got you a wedding pwesent, Kawini.  Here, open.”
Lamek handed Karini the box, and she slowly lifted the lid.  Her eyes welled up with tears again as she lingered over a gorgeous ring resting in the box.  She’d never seen anything as beautiful.  The band was gold, and it had a clear, shiny stone on the top, cut into an octagonal shape.  “Oh my goodness!  Lamek, please, I really can’t accept this,” she said, attempting to hand him back the box.
“Kawini, what’s wong?  Why can’t you accept it?  Don’t you wike it?  Ocamar says it’s a diamond wing.  He says it is verwy valuable (whatever that means).  He said the wing is fit for a pwincess.  Also, some say diamonds have special powers to pwotect those who wear them.  I always want to pwotect you, Kawini.”
Karini began to sob.
“Why are you cwying?  Pwease don’t cwy.”
“I’m sorry, Lamek.  The ring is exquisite, and I love it.  I never thought I would get to see a diamond, much less wear one,” she replied.
Lamek handed her one of his handkerchiefs from the table by his nest.  This made Karini wonder if he often cried himself to sleep.
“The ring is thoughtful, Lamek.  But, I am still very unhappy,” she added.
“Tell me what will make you happy and I will see that you get your wish,” Lamek said.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, Lamek.  You see, what would make me happy is my freedom.”
Lamek looked down at the floor with a frown, “If fweedom is what you want, fweedom is what I gwant you.”
Karini shook her head from side to side and exclaimed, “You don’t understand.  I’m telling you I don’t want to marry you; I want to leave the castle and return to my family in the flower bed.  Certainly, you’re not going to make that wish come true, and even if you did grant me freedom, Ocamar never will.”
“I wove you, Kawini.  Your happiness means morwe to me than wife itself.  I set you fwee.  Go now beforwe it’s too late.  I will suffer the consequences.  You were only talking in your sleep.  You don’t deserve to be punished.”
Karini smiled through her tears at Lamek.  “Lamek, I appreciate what you are trying to do, but I don’t want you to be punished for my escape.  I consider you my friend.”
This was the first act of kindness anyone had shown Lamek, other than Ocamar.  He grinned and fluttered his wings.  “Kawini is Wamek’s fwiend?” he asked.
“Yes, I would very much like to be your friend, Lamek.  You have been kind to me.  Well, except for hitting me over the head with that rock.  I forgive you though.  You were just doing your job.”
Karini bent over and kissed Lamek on the top of his beak.  The feathers on his cheeks turned from yellow to pink.
“Well, Kawini, I guess this is goodbye.  I will tell Ocamar that you were gone when I awived with the wing.  They will search for you, so don’t weturn to the flower bed.  I hope one day to see you again.  You’re so pwetty.”
Karini touched Lamek’s cheek and said, “It’s what is on the inside that counts, Lamek, which makes you very handsome.”
“Thank you, Kawini.  I gonna miss you.  Pwease hide good and don’t get caught.”
They hugged each other.  Quickly, Lamek flew up to the window and opened it for Karini.  She fluttered up to the opening but looked back to say, “This is not goodbye, Lamek.  I’ll see you again.”  She blew him a kiss and was gone.
Lamek sat on his nest.  He wanted to give Karini enough time to get far away from the castle before he told Ocamar she had escaped through the window.  He knew he would get punished for letting her escape, but it was worth it to make Karini happy.  He just hoped she had a safe place to go.

There was only one place Karini knew was a secret from the dragons.  She would be lonely there, but she would be safe and warm.  She flew towards Yelkwood Forest as fast as her fairy wings could fly.  She thought about Lamek and said a special prayer that he would not be put to death on her account.  She wanted very much for him to be happy and also to see him again.

Ocamar was already in bed, but he couldn’t sleep.  Tomorrow was Lamek’s wedding, and he was not feeling very enthusiastic about it.  Lamek was his friend, and Ocamar felt guilty about the heartbreak that would be forthcoming when Lamek discovered that Karini would never love him.
He was also concerned about the brewing rebellion.  So far, none of the dragons had reported anything suspicious about the fairy or the elves.  He wasn’t sure if no news was good news or if this was the calm before the storm.  He would soon learn that clouds were forming in the distance.
There was a knock on the door.  “I’m already in bed!  It better be important!  Who is it?”
“It’s your servant, Wamek,” said a tearful voice.
“Very well then, you may come in,” said Ocamar, wondering whether Karini was responsible for the tears he heard in his little friend’s voice.
The door opened, and there stood Lamek with a handkerchief in one wing and the ring box that Ocamar had given him in the other.  “Pardon me, mastey, may I have a word with you?”
Ocamar looked at Lamek, and knew something had happened.  “Did she escape, Lamek?”
“Yes, mastey.  I looked evewywhere for her, but she’s gone.  She didn’t get to see the wing.  Maybe she would have stayed if she had seen it.  You said girls wike pwetty diamonds; I guess it was me she didn’t like.  Forgive me, mastey.” 
Ocamar sighed and then said, “First things first, I must send out a search party.  I will not be as easy on the fairy this time.  I’ll deal with you later.  Summon Cornelius and Serena.  They have the best eyes.  Tell them it’s urgent, and they must return the fairy unharmed.  Go!”
“Yes, Mastey.”
Lamek went straight to Cornelius’ and Serena’s bedchambers and had them meet him in the downstairs hall.  He told them that Karini had escaped and that they were to search for her and return her to Ocamar unharmed.
Serena had an amused look on her green scaly face, “You mean your fiancé took off before the wedding?  I’m shocked!  I thought you two were love birds.  Oh that’s right, you aren’t really a bird, you’re a lizard.  No, that’s not right either.  What are you again?”
“Extinguish your fire, Serena,” Cornelius sneered.  “We’re wasting time.  Let’s go on a fairy hunt!” 
“Yes, Cornelius, let’s go hunting!  Bye, bye birdie, lizard thingy.”
Lamek watched the two of them take flight and quickly disappear in the direction of the flower bed.  He knew they wouldn’t find her there.  He just hoped they wouldn’t hurt any of her friends and family to get information.  Now he must face Ocamar again.  He hung his head low and slowly fluttered towards Ocamar’s chambers.  






CHAPTER NINE
Aura and Punishment
Nevaeh sat knitting in a rocking chair by the fireplace in her cottage on the top of Mount Flog.  It never got warm there, and even though her blood could take the cold, she never felt warm.  For the past thirteen years, she’d lived all alone in the cottage, waiting to hear from Rumbleflin.  Being a witch she could feel their auras, which helped her sanity, but her heart felt cold and empty.
She had wakened in the middle of the night with an odd feeling; not to mention her cat had been acting strangely.  Mishka was a unique, tiger-striped tabby cat who had the gift of discernment.  She could always tell when things were not right, and she and Nevaeh communicated in their own special way.  
Nevaeh spoke to Mishka, “What has happened?  Rumpleflin’s having very strong emotions about something.  I can feel it.  That’s what woke me up.  Something has changed in him significantly, hasn’t it?  There is conflict.  I hope he’s safe.  Rumbleflin promised me he would protect our son.  I know they’re both alive, but still, I would like to see them, even if from a distance.  What do you think could be the matter, Mishka?”
Mishka was curled up on the hearth.  She yawned, and went back to sleep.
“Thanks so much for your advice.  I’ll be sure to consult you again in the future….  If I weren’t so afraid for their lives, I would teleport myself to Yelkwood Forest to see what is happening there right now.  I just know I would recognize my son.  He was the image of his father when I left him.  The only thing about him I can claim is his magical blood.  Too bad he can’t put it to use since he’s never been taught how.  One day he’ll learn, though, because this can’t last forever.  I have to keep hope alive.  It’s what has kept me going all this time.  Something’s happening there; I just know it.  I don’t care what my husband said, I’m going there.”
Mishka looked up at Nevaeh, winked her left eye and twitched her right ear, which meant that she agreed.
“Thank you.  It’s about time you joined the conversation.  I don’t like talking to myself.”
“Meow!” uttered Mishka, loud and nippy.
“Oh yes, I am taking my wand, but thank you for your concern.  It’s nice to know you worry about my safety.  I promise I’ll use the utmost caution.  You’ll be fine while I am gone then?”
“Meeooow,” replied Mishka, soft and slow this time.  She began cleaning herself letting Nevaeh know that her interest in this conversation was over.
“Farewell then, I shall see you soon.”
Nevaeh tucked her wand safely in her robe, snapped her fingers, and vanished.
Within seconds, she was in Yelkwood Forest.  It seemed empty, which was a relief.  Right away, she noticed the old entrance to the secret cave.  She wasn’t sure how much of a secret it was now after thirteen years, but she decided she would check it out for old time’s sake.  It had been the place she and Rumbleflin used to sneak off to when they were courting.  It was their secret place.  Those were the days.

Karini was sleeping behind the large rock at the back of the cave when Nevaeh quietly entered.  Nevaeh sensed that she was not alone in the cave.  Looking around, she spied the fairy.  Bending over, she lightly tapped Karini on the shoulder, “Excuse me, little fairy,” she whispered.  There was no reaction, so she spoke louder, saying, “Hello!  Are you dead?”
Karini woke a little startled but still half asleep and said, “I’m not dead, just sleeping.”
“That’s good to know,” replied Nevaeh.
Now that Karini was awake, she sat up in alarm, “Who are you, and how did you find this cave?”
“Who I am is insignificant right now, and I’ve known about this cave for at least twenty years.  And you are?”
“I’m not telling if you’re not,” replied Karini.
Nevaeh smiled at the little pink fairy who was obviously scared to death.  She liked her attitude.  “You are hiding from someone, are you not?”
Karini answered, “Well, yes.  I’m certainly not here because I like this place.  Fairies prefer soft, scented petals for beds, and sunshine helps as well.  Neither is in here.”
Nevaeh looked around at the bare walls in the cave and the lack of color and light.  “Good point.  I never really paid attention to how gloomy and lonely it is in here.  I guess it didn’t matter then, for I was never alone.”
Karini asked, “Who was with you when you came in here, your boyfriend?”
“How did you guess?”
Karini answered, “Because, if I had a boyfriend, he would definitely be with me right now.”
Nevaeh smiled at Karini again and asked, “Are you hiding from Ocamar?”
Karini didn’t know what to say.  What if this lady worked for Ocamar?  Well, if she did, she was in deep trouble anyway.  But she seemed so friendly.  It would be nice to have someone on her side.  “I won’t tell you from whom I am hiding, my name, or why I’m hiding until you at least tell me your name.”
“Fair enough, my name is Nevaeh.  Have you heard of me?”
Karini’s face turned white as if she’d seen a ghost.  She’d heard the name Nevaeh many times, and she had thought it was a very lovely name.  She and Rumpleflin used to talk about their dead parents a lot when they were alone.  Rumpleflin’s mother’s name had been Nevaeh.
“Fairy, are you all right?” asked Nevaeh with concern.
“Are you a ghost?” asked Karini, slowly backing away from Nevaeh.
“I’m not telling.  I gave you my name; now it’s your turn,” stated Nevaeh.
Karini continued backing up until she hit the wall.
“Karini is my name, and yes I am hiding from Ocamar.  I was locked up in his castle for treason, but I escaped.  I’m sure by now he has a couple of his best dragons looking for me.  That’s why I came here to hide.  Now, are you a ghost, or not?”  Karini spit the question out so fast, she barely understood herself.
Nevaeh couldn’t help laughing.  She’d always enjoyed conversations with fairies.  Karini was particularly entertaining, and it was so nice to actually talk to someone other than Mishka.  “Relax, I’m not a ghost.  May I ask why you think I am?”
“My friend Rumpleflin’s mother was named Nevaeh.  She died in a fire caused by the dragons thirteen years ago.  I never met her; Rumpleflin and I didn’t know each other then.  He doesn’t remember much about her because he was only three when she died, but he talks to me about her a lot.  I understand because my parents both died when I was young.  They went on holiday to a field of wildflowers that was far away and never returned.  We think they were eaten by a big bird like an eagle or an owl.”
Nevaeh said, “I’m very sorry to hear that.  Who were your parents, Karini?”
“Kastor and Karina Dook,” she answered.
Nevaeh smiled and nodded, “I knew them well.  The last time I saw your mother, she was pregnant with you.  You made her very happy even then.  She would be very proud of you now, escaping from a Dragon’s castle and hiding out all by yourself, not to mention how beautiful you are.”
Karini was confused.  “How did you know my parents?  Did you used to live in the Land of Serenity?”
“Yes, I did.  You could say that I vanished into thin air and now I have returned for a visit.  Now, please tell me more about this friend of yours.”
“Why?” asked Karini, unsure of Nevaeh’s interest in Rumpleflin.
Nevaeh explained, “He sounds very interesting and also because he is my son.”
Karini put the back of her small hand on her forehead and fainted on the spot.

Lamek entered Ocamar’s chambers once more, looking more depressed than ever.  Ocamar pointed a long claw to a chair in front of him.
Lamek sat down and looked at the floor.  “Mastey…I”
“Silence,” interrupted Ocamar, “There is no need for excuses.  You’ve been with me too long.  You know better.  You were blinded by Karini’s beauty and obviously fooled.  I’ve taken this into consideration, along with the fact that you saved my life, and you have been more loyal than any other servant or friend I’ve ever had.  Nevertheless, I cannot allow this kind of lapse again.  Therefore, since you cannot control yourself in the presence of fairies, you are forbidden to enter the flower bed to watch them anymore.  That is your punishment, and I suggest you leave my presence before I change my mind.  Goodnight.”  Ocamar pointed another long claw this time towards the door.
Lamek spread his wings and gave his master a deep bow.  “Thank you, Mastey, goodbye and goodnight to you, too.”
Ocamar watched Lamek leave the room.  He was glad he had not been harder on his little friend.  Ocamar could see that Lamek’s heart was broken by Karini’s escape; he would make sure she paid dearly for that once she was re-captured.

















CHAPTER TEN
Defiance and Persuasion
Rumbleflin looked at his son, astonished by his attitude.  “What do you mean you don’t plan to?  It is your destiny.  You are the only one left besides your mother who can destroy Ocamar.  You must see that.  If you’re angry with me, that’s understandable, but don’t deprive everyone else of their freedom because you are being stubborn.”
Rumpleflin said in a slightly raised voice and through gritted teeth, “I just took in a lot of shocking information, father.  Certainly you don’t expect me to suddenly jump up and go save the whole land.  Besides, I don’t know anything about magic.  I don’t know any magic words or spells.  I don’t possess a wand or a broom.  For goodness sake, I don’t even have a cat!”
By this time, Rumpleflin was speaking above a normal tone of voice, and as a result, they were joined by some other elves.
“Is everything all right, Rumbleflin?” asked Kinster.
“Yes, Kinster, it will be.  Thank you.  I apologize that we have startled you all.  We were having a family discussion and my son forgot his manners for a second.  Please, go back to your beds and get some rest.”
“I apologize for waking you,” added Rumpleflin, “but I had every right to forget my manners, if that’s what he wants to call it.  You asked my father if everything was all right, but you didn’t bother to ask me.  If you had, I would’ve told you that things are definitely not all right for me.  I just found out that I have the whole fate of our land resting on my shoulders, and I’m supposed to be happy about it.  Well, I’m not.  Now, if you will excuse me, I am going to go visit a friend who has always been there for me and who probably needs me as well.”
“Wait!  You can’t go there; it’s not safe, especially when you are angry,” said a worried Rumbleflin.
“No?  Well watch me, father.  That’s exactly where I’m going,” replied an angry Rumpleflin, before storming out of the kitchen and down the hall.  None of the elves understood what was happening.
Kinster asked the question that every elf was thinking, “Rumbleflin, what is going on here?  What does he mean by the fate of our land resting on his shoulders?  He is only sixteen.  He must be mistaken.”
Kinster sat at the table and looked at Rumbleflin awaiting an explanation of Rumpleflin’s drama.  The other elves sat down, too, and looked at Rumbleflin with anticipation.
“My dear friends,” Rumbleflin began, “there is much to clarify; however, I am sorry to say I cannot enlighten you tonight.  I must think about what my son and I have been discussing, and then I will share the details with you.  You must trust me on this and go back to bed.  I will make clear though, because most of you have been concerned, the fairy that was captured and ordered to marry Lamek is none other than Karini.  She is the friend my son is on his way to visit.  Hopefully she can help him with his problem.”
Rumbleflin stood up and left the kitchen to retire to his bedchamber.  He looked at Rumpleflin’s empty bed and sighed.  He hoped Karini would persuade his son to fulfill his destiny.

Rumpleflin peeked into Lamek’s little room.  Lamek was asleep on his nest, with a pile of crumpled up handkerchiefs on the floor beside him.  The flame of the lit candle was flickering wildly, which made Rumpleflin look around in search of a draft.  He noticed the window was open.  That explained the wild flame, and it also explained why he couldn’t seem to spot Karini.
Rumpleflin said to himself, “She must’ve escaped through the window, and it looks like Lamek’s been crying over her disappearance.  I almost feel sorry for him.  I hope Karini is safe.”
Rumpleflin eventually returned to his bed.  Where else could he go?  He had no idea what he was going to do.  He was furious with his father, and on top of all that, he was worried about his best friend.  How he wished he knew how to use magic because he would certainly use it right now to find his mother.  No one but his mother could teach him, and she was miles away.  The more he thought about it, the more he became determined that he should find a way to get to Mount Flog and see her.
He closed his eyes and tried to remember what she’d been like, but all he kept seeing was flames.  Tears began falling down his cheeks.  He cried until the tears would no longer fall and then fell fast asleep.
Rumbleflin heard the sounds of his son’s sobs and fought the urge to console him.  But he knew it would only make things worse than they already were.  In the morning, he would try to persuade his son to reconsider his decision; that is, if Karini had not succeeded in persuading him to help the rebellion.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
Karini’s First Mission
Morning came very early for Rumbleflin and his son.  Rumbleflin sat up in his bed and slipped on his shoes.  Rumpleflin did exactly the same thing.  Then, Rumpleflin remembered what had happened the night before, and quickly turned away from his father.
“Good morning, Rumpleflin.  I take it you didn’t sleep any better than I did.  This is not the time to give me the silent treatment, since today we need to help Karini escape from Ocamar.  Let’s focus on her, rather than on our fight last night.  Also, the other elves want an explanation of last night’s argument, so please tell me what you’d like me to tell them.  Or, if you’d like, you may tell them yourself.  The choice is yours.”
Rumpleflin gave his father the I don’t really care what you tell them look, slumped his shoulders, and sighed.  “I guess I should be the one to explain; although I’m still trying to sort out the details myself.  Is there any part of this you would like for me to keep secret, father?”
Rumbleflin replied, “Yes, for your mother’s safety, I would prefer that you not mention her to the others.  Just share with them the information about the legend.  They already know you have magical blood, which wasn’t significant until now.”  
“Very well, I have news for you, too, father.”
Rumbleflin looked at his son wondering what he was about to tell him.  “Is it good or bad news?”
“I’m not sure.  Last night when I went to see Karini, she was not with Lamek.  He was asleep in his nest, with several used handkerchiefs on the floor beside him.  Also, the window was open, so you can imagine what I assume has happened.”
Rumbleflin did not hold a look of surprise since he’d already foretold that Karini would not marry Lamek that day; he just didn’t know how she was going to get out of it.  “Karini is a very smart fairy and extremely quiet.  She either escaped without Lamek noticing or she sweet-talked him into setting her free.  Either way, I hope she was smart enough not to go back to the flower bed.  If Ocamar doesn’t know about this by now, he soon will.  He will have Serena and Cornelius out looking for her.  We both know that there is only one place the dragons will not look for her.”
Rumpleflin nodded his head in agreement.  “Your thoughts are exactly like mine, father.  If we are correct, Karini is safe within Yelkwood Forest in the secret cave.”

The first place the dragons searched was the flower bed where Karini lived.  “Open up in the name of Ocamar, greatest of all dragons!” shouted Cornelius, outside Renny’s home.  One of the fairies in the flower bed told them that Karini’s only living relatives were Renny and Flini.
“Flini, hide quickly.  I’ll handle this,” said Renny.
Renny’s home was a small mushroom that had only two rooms: a bedroom that she shared with her daughter and another room that they used as a kitchen and parlor.  Flini hid in a cupboard as her mother opened the small door.
Renny fluttered outside and had to look way up to see who was calling.  In front of her were two gigantic dragons.  They were looking down at her, waiting for her to speak.  Renny shivered because she’d never been this close to a dragon before, and these two didn’t look like they had come for tea.
She gulped and said in her sweetest voice, “Well, hello there.  Good day to you both.  I would invite you in, but you are obviously too big!  Shall I bring some tea outside?”  She paused and then added, “No, I take that back.  I don’t have any cups that would do the job.  How can I be of service to you?”
This time it was Serena who spoke, “Are you Renny?”
“Why, yes, I am.”
“Excellent.  We are looking for Karini.  Tell us where we can find her.”
Renny shook her head and said, “I don’t know where she is; no one has heard from her in almost two weeks.  Rumor has it that she’s marrying that creature that lives in the castle.  Perhaps you should check with him about where she is.”
“What about your daughter?  Has she heard anything?” asked Cornelius.
“If she had, she would’ve told me.  Honestly, I wish I did know where Karini was.  As I said, I thought she was in the castle.  Why are you asking all these questions?  You have me very worried now.  What has happened?”
Serena said, “We don’t know the details.  Last minute jitters, I presume.  I wouldn’t want to marry Lamek either, the little freak!”  Serena spit on the ground just missing Renny who would have been soaked with boiling saliva if she hadn’t quickly moved out of the range of fire.
“You mean she ran away?” asked Renny, fluttering around in case the female dragon decided to spit again.
“Precisely!  Do you know if Karini has a secret place where she could be hiding?”
“No, if she had a secret place, it would be a secret to everyone, including me.  I can tell you that she would not jeopardize the lives of all the fairies by hiding in any of the flower beds.”
Cornelius bent his head way down so he could be face to face with Renny and said, “For your sake and your daughter’s, we better not find out you’re hiding her here.  I would hate to torch your cozy little mushroom.  Come, Serena, we’re done here.  Let’s search somewhere else.”
Serena spit again before they both flew on to the next search site.  Renny hurried inside, her heart racing with fear.
Flini looked at her mother and said, “I know where she is, mother.  Thank goodness they didn’t question me, as I’m not a good liar.”
“Where is she, Flini?  You must tell me.  She is probably all alone and scared to death.”
“Yes, I am sure she is alone.  I have no doubt that she is scared, but she should be safe.  She’s most likely hiding in the secret cave; you know the one where the army had its first meeting.  With everything that’s happened, I don’t believe we’re ever going to meet there again.  There’s no way Rumbleflin will be able to leave the castle to lead the meetings.  Ocamar must have been tipped off somehow.  He’s probably watching the elves like a hawk, trying to get proof of conspiracy.  Thank goodness Karini got away.  I must go and make sure she’s all right.”
Renny grabbed Flini, “No way, Flini, it’s too dangerous!  Ocamar may have spies watching the flower beds.  We have to hope that Karini can take care of herself.  She may not be the bravest fairy, but she is very bright.  She’ll be careful.  I’m sorry, my child, this is the way it has to be.  We’ll have to stay put, and hope for the best.”

After Karini woke up from her fainting spell, she and Nevaeh stayed up the whole night talking.  Nevaeh explained everything to her about faking her death and about Mount Flog.  Karini listened very intently to Nevaeh.  She wished she could tell Rumpleflin.  He thought his mother was dead.
“Rumpleflin is going to be shocked and thrilled when he finds out you’re alive,” said Karini.
“Yes, I hope he is thrilled.  He is sixteen, so it is likely that he will be angry with me for leaving him.  I’m sure he will be upset with his father.”
“Yes, you have a point, but I know Rumpleflin.  He’ll get over being angry, and then he will understand.”
“I hope you’re right, Karini.”
Karini proceeded to tell Nevaeh all about the army and their rebellious plot against Ocamar.  She also told her a lot of little details about Rumpleflin growing up, like how much he loved to climb trees and how they used to sit in a big oak tree and talk for hours.  She told Nevaeh that he had black hair and was already taller than his father.  Nevaeh sat back and hung onto every word.  As Karini was talking, she suddenly remembered the legend about those with magical blood.  “Nevaeh, since you are a witch that makes Rumpleflin a wizard, right?”
“Partly, yes; why?”
“Because Lamek told me a secret no one is supposed to know except him and Ocamar.”
Karini told Nevaeh the whole story about the legend and that she had told Rumbleflin.  She told her how excited he’d been when he’d found out and how he said that the time had come at last.
Nevaeh nodded her head and said, “That’s why I couldn’t sleep.  I felt my son’s emotions.  Rumbleflin must have finally told him the truth right after he talked with you.  My son and I can destroy Ocamar and take back our land.  He must be feeling all sorts of emotions right now.  I wish I could see him.”  Nevaeh covered her face with her hands and began to cry.
Karini didn’t know what to do.  She wanted to help but didn’t know how.  “Nevaeh, help me think.  Somehow we must find out if Rumbleflin has a plan.  He has no way of contacting the army, and I doubt he would try an attack from the inside now that he knows his son is the only one who can kill the dragons.”
Nevaeh thought for a moment about what had to be done and then she looked at Karini with a sad expression.  “Karini, you agreed to be a spy for the army, right?”
“Yes, I did, but not because I wanted to do it.  Rumbleflin convinced me that I was the only one who could do it since I am the fastest and quietest fairy.”
“Well, he was correct, my dear.  You are our best hope for spying on Ocamar.”
“What do you mean?” Karini asked, not sure she wanted to hear the answer.
Nevaeh explained her idea, “I need you to sneak back into the castle and tell Rumbleflin I have returned and will be helping him lead the army.  I also want you to deliver a note to my son.  Tell him to read it silently and do what it says.”
Karini’s expression changed to shock.  “Are you out of your mind?  You actually want me to sneak back into the place where I just escaped?  You might as well just fly me straight to Ocamar’s chambers on your broomstick!”
“Karini, the last thing Ocamar will suspect is that you would come back willingly.  He won’t have the castle windows watched.  Just go to the window while it is still early on the elves’ side of the castle and look in.  I’m sure you’ll be let in and out quickly without any dragons seeing you.  If you don’t return within the hour, I will come and rescue you.  Please, Karini, I need you to be brave.”
Karini bit her bottom lip and looked away from Nevaeh towards the bare wall.  After a minute of pondering, she said, “Write your note, and I will be on my way.”
“Thank you, Karini.  This will all be over soon and everyone in the land will be grateful to you.”
Not long after, Nevaeh handed Karini a small piece of parchment.  “I put an enchantment on it in case you are caught.  It will only be readable to one person, my son.  That way, if anyone else finds it, they’ll just think it’s a blank piece of paper and won’t know our plans.  I’m not telling you my plans either.  That way, if you’re questioned, you can give an honest answer.  If you’re caught, pretend you felt guilty about Lamek and returned to marry him.  Then, wait for my rescue.  Hopefully, that won’t happen.  Now, go quickly.  I’ll see you soon.”



CHAPTER TWELVE
Taking Flight
Cornelius and Serena returned to the castle to find Ocamar still in bed.  Bam! Bam! Bam!  The knock on Ocamar’s chamber door startled him, “What is it?”
“Sir, we have returned from our hunt,” said Cornelius.  “May we enter?”
“I suppose,” answered Ocamar, suspecting they’d been unsuccessful and not looking forward to hearing their lousy excuses.
The two dragons opened the huge door, walked in, and sat in front of Ocamar’s bed.  They looked at each other, not sure which one should speak first.
Ocamar was irritable and thus impatient, “Spit it out you two!  Don’t waste my time!”
Serena spoke first, “Sir, we searched the whole kingdom: every tree hole, every mushroom, and every cottage.  We questioned everyone, but had no luck.”  She swallowed hard, not brave enough to spit in her master’s chambers, and looked down at the floor, awaiting a lecture from Ocamar.
Ocamar said, “I am not surprised.  I could have told you she wouldn’t go back to her home, you idiots.  Are you sure you searched everywhere?”
Serena replied, “Yes, sir, we searched everywhere.”
“So that means you also searched Yelkwood Forest?”
Cornelius and Serena looked at one another in surprise.  Cornelius said, “Sir, you always said it was forbidden.”
“It is forbidden…to those who would use it against us, you imbeciles!  If you were a tiny fairy and needed a place to hide, don’t you think you could find a place there?”
“Yes, sir, hundreds of places,” admitted Cornelius.
“Then I suggest you start thinking like a fairy and look in every nook and cranny inside that forest.  Do not bother to return without her.  You are dismissed!”

Rumbleflin and his son sat down with the other elves at the table in the kitchen.  Quietly, Rumpleflin began telling them all about the legend, withholding all information about his mother’s faked death, of course.
The elves didn’t move a muscle while listening, and since Rumpleflin was whispering, the tapping on the window scared them all half to death.
“My goodness, it’s Karini,” said Rumbleflin, who hurried over to the window.  He opened it a crack for Karini, who went straight to Rumpleflin with the small piece of parchment.
“Read that and do not repeat its contents to anyone,” she said in a hurry.
Rumpleflin watched Karini flutter back to his father and ask to speak to him privately.  He watched them leave the kitchen and then opened the parchment and began reading:
To my beloved son,
By now, I am sure you know the truth.  I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive your father and me.  I have returned home and am hiding in the secret cave in Yelkwood Forest.  I have confided in Karini, and she has confided in me.  We both agree you are the “chosen one” and that you must fulfill your destiny.  My dear, you are a wizard with powers you can’t even begin to imagine, which I will teach you.  I want very much to see you as soon as possible.  You need to sneak out of the castle tonight while everyone is asleep.  All you need to get here is an ordinary broomstick.  Once you have straddled it, tell it where you want it to take you.  Trust me, it will work.  When you get here, we’ll conduct another meeting with the army, and we will begin your wizard training.  There’s a lot to learn and so little time.  I love you, and I can’t wait to finally see you again.  Don’t worry about anyone else finding this note.  I put an enchantment on it.  You’re the only one who can read it.  Make haste and be vigilant.
Your loving mother,
Nevaeh

Rumpleflin read the note three more times before the reality of it all set in.  If he obeyed his mother’s request, he would actually see her tonight, for the first time in thirteen years.  The thought gave him butterflies in the pit of his stomach.  He’d already forgiven his mother, just as he had his father.  He hadn’t told his father yet, but he would do so tonight before he left the castle to meet his mother.  He quickly grabbed the broom, and excused himself from the kitchen.

When it was time for bed, Rumbleflin lay down and told his son that Nevaeh would be helping lead the army.  “So, what was the parchment that Karini gave you?” he asked.
“It was a note from Mother asking my forgiveness,” Rumpleflin replied.
“And, is she forgiven?”
“Yes, father.  I have forgiven you both.  I now understand why you did what you did, and I probably would’ve done the same thing in your shoes.  I just had to get over the shock of it all.  Together, the three of us just might win against Ocamar and be together again as a family.”
“Well, that is a relief.  Thank you for understanding.  You are far wiser than I was at sixteen.  I’m very proud of you, my son.  Does this mean you plan on fulfilling your destiny?”
“I’m going to give it my best shot.”
 “May I ask when?”
“You’ll know soon enough.  Goodnight, father.  I am weary.”
“Goodnight, son.  Get some rest.”
Rumpleflin waited impatiently until 2:00 a.m. before he quietly got out of bed and went to the kitchen to fetch the broom.  The butterflies that were in his stomach earlier, now felt like eagles’ talons tearing at his insides, and he fought the urge to vomit.  He was a little uncertain about how the broomstick ride would go.  Opening the window, he straddled the broomstick and aimed it towards the window.  He was surprised when right away the broom levitated enough that his feet were about a foot off the ground.  He was swaying from side to side as it was hard to keep his balance.  After settling into a comfortable position, he spoke the command, “To the secret cave in Yelkwood Forest!”
Zoom!  Rumpleflin flew out the window like a rocket; he was taking his first flight.  The cold night air cut through his body like a knife, but he held on tightly and was able to stay in the upright position.  
In no time at all, he was flying just above the treetops of Yelkwood Forest, so as not to attract the attention of the dragons.  He kept looking behind to see if any of them were following him.  His nerves were getting worse by the second.  Suddenly the broom pointed straight down towards the ground.  Rumpleflin held on tight, realizing that he didn’t know how to land.
“Aaaaaahh!!!”  Slam!  Rumpleflin landed on the grassy ground with a thud, followed by a few somersaults before rolling to a stop.  He stood up, brushed himself off, and looked around.  Immediately he saw the entrance to the secret cave.  His feet couldn’t move fast enough.  He was ready to see his mother, ready to learn magic, and ready to fulfill his destiny.

Rumbleflin lay quietly awake in his bed, with a big smile on his face.  He knew that his son was up to something, and he knew his wife well enough to know that she wrote more on that parchment than a plea for forgiveness.  He’d crept down the stairs behind his son and watched Rumpleflin mount the broom and take flight.  He knew exactly where he was going, and he was happy.  Soon his family would be reunited and that was the best news he’d had in thirteen years.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN
A Long Awaited Reunion
Nevaeh was pacing the cave.  She knew that Rumpleflin had received her note because Karini had returned safely earlier that evening.  The anxiety of not knowing his reaction was killing her.  She had nothing to do but wait.
While Karini was gone, she had kept busy by knitting the brave little fairy a beautiful blanket and soft pillow to keep her comfortable at night in the cave.  That had distracted her for a little bit.
Karini arrived back at the cave extremely fatigued, so she was very pleased when she saw her gift.  As soon as she thanked Nevaeh, she curled up with the blanket and pillow and fell fast asleep.  She was clearly exhausted, not only physically but mentally.  Her fairy wings were worn out.  Nevaeh decided Karini should not take any more long trips for a while.
Nevaeh thought about her son and what she would say to Rumpleflin when she saw him.  She knew what she was going to ask him, but, would he do as she requested, she wondered?  She believed in her heart that he would.  
“I wonder what time it is…,” she said to herself.  Then she withdrew her wand, pointed at the wall and said, “Horologe Manifesto!”  A black and white cat-shaped clock, with a pendulum tail and eyes that moved back and forth in rhythm, appeared instantly.  Nevaeh smiled, “I love magic!”
The time on the cat clock’s face showed 2:15 a.m.  Nevaeh’s smile quickly changed to a frown, “Rumpleflin should’ve been here by now.  He must not be coming.”
“Here I am, mother,” said a voice from behind her.
Nevaeh turned around and looked into the face of her sixteen-year-old son.  She would’ve known him anywhere.  He still had his dimples and shiny black hair, and he looked even more like his father than he had at three, especially his ears and fingers.
Tears began to fall down her cheeks.  She smiled and wiped them away but more tears followed.
Rumpleflin felt a lump build in his throat and he fought to hold it back.  Now that he saw his mother, he remembered how she’d looked.  She didn’t look much different than she had thirteen years ago since witches age so well.  She still had long black hair and big beautiful green eyes.  He had blue eyes like his father.
Nevaeh reached out her arms to her son in hopes of an embrace.  Rumpleflin didn’t hesitate before he ran into her arms and began to cry on her shoulders.  They stood for a while just holding each other, floods of memories overtaking both of them.
Rumpleflin kept inhaling deeply, using his sense of smell to bring back wonderful memories.  “Cloves, you always smelled like cloves,” he said to her.
“And you always smelled like dirt.  You loved to play in the dirt.  Surprisingly, at sixteen, you smell like you still do.”
“Oh that!  I sort of had a crash landing outside,” Rumpleflin admitted.
Nevaeh released her son and looked at his clothes still covered in blades of grass, leaves, and dirt.  Then she burst into laughter, as she pulled a leaf out of his hair.
He started laughing as well.  They hugged again, this time while laughing, and thus woke Karini.
“You came!  I’m so glad.  I knew you would!”
“Yes, Karini, I wanted very badly to see my mother and get our land back from the dragons.  By the way, Mother, I have forgiven you and father.  I told him earlier before I left.  I understand your measures.”
“Thank you, son; Karini said you would.  Now, we have much work to do, and we must be swift.  We can’t summon the elves tonight for obvious reasons, but we should still have the dwarves and the forest animals assemble here.”
“And the fairies,” said Karini.
“Yes, the fairies, too.”
Nevaeh continued, “Karini, it is not safe for you to return to the flower beds to summon the fairies, so I am going to ask the fireflies to do so.  There are many of them so they can do the work in a short amount of time without alerting the dragons and their spies as to what we are doing.  I’ll teleport into the mountains and summon the dwarves.  Rumpleflin, you can summon the animals in the forest.  That should take care of everyone who is able to make it tonight.  We should do this right away while it’s still dark so the army cannot be easily spotted coming here.  Rumpleflin, we’ll start your training after the meeting.”
“Mother, I know that we don’t have much time, but what do I do in case I need to defend myself?”  
“Oh, I am glad you brought that up.  I have your wand here with me.”  Nevaeh reached inside her robe and removed a long ivory-colored wand with an ebony handle.  On its side, in fancy black writing, were two words that Rumpleflin did not understand.
Nevaeh noticed his confusion, “The inscription is in old Elvish, and it means Elf-Wizard.  I had this wand made especially for you before you were born.  It’s never been used.”
Rumpleflin said with delight, “It’s brilliant!  Thank you, mother, except I don’t know how to use it.”
“The wand will know its owner.  It will do as you say,” she replied.
“Well, what would I say if I needed to destroy an enemy?”
“You would point the wand directly at your target and say, ‘Extermitus.’  Trust me, it works on anything.  Well, we never knew it would work on dragons because we never tried because of the legend.  We’d always heard that no man could kill a dragon, so we assumed we couldn’t either.  Obviously, magic is what destroys them.  Go ahead and try it on that clock on the wall.”
When Rumpleflin took the wand from his mother, he immediately felt immense confidence and power.  He pointed the wand towards the clock and said, “Extermitus!”
A stunning bolt of lightning shot out of the wand.  Unfortunately, it missed the clock and hit the wall about a foot from where the clock hung.  Then, it bounced off the wall and headed back towards the three of them.
“Get down!” shouted Rumpleflin.
Rumpleflin and Nevaeh fell to the cave floor with their hands over their heads while Karini just flew around dodging the flashing bolt.  She was also laughing hysterically.
The bolt kept bouncing from wall to wall.  Finally, Nevaeh turned over, pointed her wand at it and said, “Haltus!”
At once, the bolt came to a halt in midair.  Subsequently, Nevaeh got up from the ground, walked over to the lightning bolt, touched it with the end of her wand, and said, “Ebbisto.”  Immediately, the bolt disappeared into thin air.
“Sorry about that,” said Rumpleflin.
“That’s all right, son.  You had a small target, which makes it very difficult.  I’m sure you wouldn’t miss a dragon.  Try again.”
The sound of Karini laughing caused Rumpleflin to give her a dirty look.  “Shut up, Karini!  I’d like to see you do better!”
Then she said, still giggling, “I’m sorry, Rumpleflin, but I wish you could’ve seen the look on your face.”  Her snickering continued.
“Okay, I’m glad you had a good laugh but seriously!” Rumpleflin said, stomping his foot.
Karini straightened her face, “Okay, I’m done.  Try again.”
Rumpleflin pointed his wand at the clock again, “Extermitus!”  This time, the bolt hit the clock right in the face and the whole thing exploded, leaving a pile of smoldering debris on the floor of the cave.
Rumpleflin walked over to the pile of ashes, pointed his wand, and said, “Ebbisto!” The ashes vanished.
“Well done, Rumpleflin,” said Karini, as she clapped her elegant hands and fluttered her tired wings.
Nevaeh was smiling from ear to ear.  “That was excellent, son.  You’ll be a great wizard in no time at all.”  
“Thank you, mother; shall we go then?”
“There’s one more thing.”  Nevaeh flashed her wand into the air and commanded the scroll with the list of names of those in the army to appear.  In a flash, the scroll was in her hands.  She quickly scanned it and then gave it to Rumpleflin.  “Take the scroll and summon the animals, Rumpleflin, I’ll alert the fireflies in Yelkwood Forest about what to do and then summon the dwarves.  Karini make sure you stay hidden until we return.  Let’s hurry, we don’t have much time.”
Karini hid while Nevaeh and Rumpleflin left the secret cave and proceeded on their journey.












CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Summons and Bloodshed
Nevaeh appeared on Mount Chesney where the dwarves had been driven to thirteen years before.  She was cautious because she knew that trolls lived on this mountain and they came out at night.  She had her wand by her side when she spotted the cave in the distance and headed for it.
When she was a few yards away, she could hear snoring.  She knew the dwarves would be asleep, and she regretted having to wake them, but waiting until morning was too risky.
Nevaeh cautiously approached the entrance to the cave and peeked inside.  It was pitch black inside so she held her wand in front of her and said, “Illuminaté.”
The cave lit up as she entered it.  Before long she could see the dwarves slumbering in their beds all lined up in a row against the cave walls.  She searched for someone she knew and spotted Finley.  He was lying on his side with his big feet sticking out from under the covers and his face toward Nevaeh.  She approached his bed and leaned over to whisper in his ear.
“Finley, wake up.”
Finley didn’t budge.  Nevaeh touched his shoulder with her wand and said, “Rouse.”  
Finley’s eyes opened and he gasped, “Ghost!”
“No, Finley, it’s okay.  I’m not a ghost.  I didn’t die in that fire.  Listen to me, and I will explain.”
Finley rubbed his eyes with his stubby fists and looked at Nevaeh again.  “Nevaeh, you’re alive!  How wonderful it is to see you again.  What are you doing here?”
“I’ll explain everything, but I’d rather tell everyone at the same time.  Would you wake the others and have them gather around me?”
“Certainly, give me a minute, they are all deep sleepers.”
Nevaeh watched Finley as he walked over to a huge horn hanging on the wall.  He took a deep breath and blew into it as hard as he could.  The noise was deafening, but it did the trick.  All of the dwarves woke up and looked around in bewilderment.
“Get up, you lot, we have a guest among us!”

Once Nevaeh had explained to the fireflies in Yelkwood Forest what she needed them to do, they wasted no time in flying to the flower beds to summon the fairies.  A large group of the fireflies performed a spectacular light show to divert the attention of Ocamar’s spies assigned to watch the flower beds for Karini’s return, while other fireflies quietly went door to door communicating Nevaeh’s message to the fairies.  The fairies were able to fly away undetected to Yelkwood Forest as the diversion team of fireflies mesmerized the spies as they flew higher and higher in the air.

Meanwhile, Cornelius and Serena were still searching Yelkwood Forest for Karini.  They were about ready to give up when they saw a familiar face in the distance.  Leaning against a tree was Rumpleflin studying a long piece of parchment.
“What in the world is he doing here?” Cornelius said.
Serena added, “That is peculiar.  He must have escaped somehow.  I bet he knows where Karini is.  Ocamar will be delighted when we bring back two fugitives instead of one.”
“Let’s go and question the elf, shall we?” snarled Cornelius.
“Yes, let’s do,” agreed Serena.
The two dragons approached Rumpleflin.  He smelled them long before he heard them.  Rolling up the list of names, he recognized them as Ocamar’s favorites.  “Serena, Cornelius, how’s tricks?” said Rumpleflin sarcastically.
Serena spit on the ground at Rumpleflin’s feet.  “Don’t pretend to care, brat.  You know you’ve been caught.  We’ll now escort you to Ocamar’s chambers and let him deal with you.  But first, you’ll tell us where your little fairy friend is.”
Rumpleflin tucked his list of names inside his belt and stood up straight.  “I cannot tell you where Karini is, nor will I go with you.  I have left the castle, and I don’t plan on returning until it’s time to kill Ocamar.”
Serena and Cornelius burst into laughter, torching a few tree tops in the process.  Cornelius said while snickering, “Kill Ocamar?  That’s a good one, Rumpleflin.  An elf killing a dragon!  That’s preposterous!”
“Yeah, Rumpleflin, that’s side-splitting!” said Serena.  She was now rolling on the ground laughing.
“Oh, my mistake,” said Rumpleflin.  “You’re right!  No ordinary being can kill a dragon.  But, I’m not ordinary!”
“Oh yeah…you’re Rumbleflin’s son.  That makes you very special.  I forgot,” said Serena, spitting again, then giggling some more.
“I am special indeed.  I’ve inherited lots of great features from my father such as wisdom, bravery, pointy ears, blue eyes, brains….”
“Enough!” Cornelius shouted.  “We’re not blind.  We can see what you look like.  You must be very brave indeed since you ran away.  But, I don’t think running away proves you have any brains.  Do you know what we could do to you?” 
“Oh, yes; like I said, I am smart.  I know you could incinerate me in a blink of an eye, but you’re not going to do that.”
“Don’t be so sure,” said Serena, as she took a step closer to Rumpleflin.
Rumpleflin didn’t flinch.  “Let’s see.  My guess is that you have orders to return Karini to Ocamar or else.  The way I see it, you need me to show you where she is or you are in big trouble, right?”
Cornelius glared at Rumpleflin, and replied angrily, “Look here!  If you’re not going to tell us where she is, we might as well just kill you now.”
“Cornelius is right.  We have nothing to lose by killing you,” added Serena, as she circled around to the other side of Rumpleflin.
“Well, I’m sorry to disappoint the two of you, but you won’t be killing me.  Nor will you be returning Karini to the castle.”
“You are stupid, elf.  Get ready to meet your….
“Hello there, Rumpleflin,” interrupted Nevaeh.  “Are these lovely dragons friends of yours?” 
Nevaeh’s timing couldn’t have been more perfect.  Rumpleflin replied, “No, not any friends of mine.  Cornelius, Serena, I would like you to meet my mother, Nevaeh.  You see, I thought she was dead until just recently.  Since then, I’ve learned that I inherited some wonderful things from her as well.  These are the things that make me an extraordinary being.”  Rumpleflin winked at his mother, hoping that she would follow his lead.
Serena spit again and rolled her eyes as she circled back to stand by Cornelius to get a better look at Nevaeh, and said, “Humor me, what did you inherit from your mother that makes you so extraordinary?  She looks pretty ordinary to me.”
Rumpleflin and his mother reached for their wands at the same time.  Both of them answered Serena’s question with one simple word: “Magic!”
Then, before the dragons realized how much peril they were in, Nevaeh pointed her wand at Serena and Rumpleflin pointed his at Cornelius as they said simultaneously, “Extermitus!”
There were two instant explosions of lightning that lit up the night sky.  Smoke bellowed into the air and ashes were falling everywhere like snow.  The sound was louder than a dozen cannons being fired at the same time.
Karini heard the commotion from inside the cave, and the other fairies, seeing the lightning, fluttered as fast as they could towards it.
Even the dwarves had noticed it.  They had been hiking down the mountain to attend the meeting.  Now they picked up the pace as curiosity got the better of them.
The best part was that every animal and creature in the forest heard it as well.  They formed a circle around the smoky scene.  This saved Rumpleflin a tremendous amount of time in his quest to summon them to the cave.
“Hello, my friends.  I apologize that you have all been disturbed.  I’d like to explain everything to you if you would all accompany me to the secret cave.  Some of you are already members of the army and have been awaiting your summons.  This is it.  For the rest of you, we encourage you to join us in the fight against Ocamar!  Together, we will regain our Land of Serenity!”





CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Plan of Attack
Ocamar was awakened from a deep sleep.  He heard a very loud noise that sounded like an explosion.  He got out of bed and quickly made his way to the window.  He could see smoke in the distance, but nothing else to give him any idea of what had happened.
He went down the dimly lit hallway to Lamek’s bedchamber.  He opened the door to find Lamek also awake and looking out his window, wondering what had caused the noise.
“Good, I see you heard it, too.”
Surprised by Ocamar’s voice at the door, Lamek lost his balance and slipped off the windowsill.  Thankfully, he was able to make use of his wings before hitting the hard floor.
“Yes mastey, it woke me up from a deep sleep.  And you scared me half to death!”
“I apologize; I didn’t mean to scare you.  I thought you heard me open the door,” said Ocamar.
“No, mastey, I was concentwating too hard.  What do you think it was?”
“I don’t know for sure.  Cornelius and Serena haven’t returned from Yelkwood Forest, so I suspect they may be the cause of the explosion.  After all, they do breathe fire.”  
“I hope they haven’t hurt Kawini.”
“Did you tell them to return her to me unharmed?”
“Yes, mastey, I did.”
“Then they would’ve obeyed.  I’m sending you to investigate what caused the explosion.  Remember, you are not allowed to go to the flower bed, just to Yelkwood Forest.  Find out what you can and return to me promptly.  You’ll be rewarded for your loyalty.”
“Yes, mastey, I will do my best.”

The explosion woke up more than Ocamar and Lamek.  The elves were stirring as well.  Rumbleflin was frightened that his son or wife might be hurt or worse.  Then again, they could be the ones who caused it.  He hoped the latter.
He looked out the window, and in the early dawn, he could just see something small leaving the castle.  He reached for his spectacles and put them on.  It was Lamek.  Rumbleflin wondered whether Lamek was on a mission from Ocamar or his love for Karini was driving him towards the forest.  Maybe it was both.  Rumbleflin always believed that there was a lot more to Lamek than everyone else perceived.  He usually had a good intuition about these sorts of things.  He hoped Lamek would bring back good news.

Applause and shouts were heard all over the cave as everyone awaited the details.  The original army had now multiplied significantly since all of the animals had joined the rebellion.  Even without the elves, the number was too high to count.  Skunks, badgers, birds, rabbits, you name it, jammed tightly in the cave.
Rumpleflin stood on the very same rock his father had stood during the first meeting.  His mother and Karini were at his side.  In his loudest voice he yelled, “May I have your attention please?”
This made no difference at all.  The voices were just too loud.  Rumpleflin’s voice blended in with the others.  
Karini whispered something in Nevaeh’s ear.  
Nevaeh nodded her head in agreement.  She removed her wand, pointed it at the floor in front of Karini and said, “Harpo Manifesto!”
Immediately, a beautiful harp appeared in front of Karini.  Karini smiled at Nevaeh and said, “Thanks, but it’s a little big.  Could you make it smaller?”
“Yes, yes, of course.  Sorry, dear,” replied Nevaeh.
Pointing her wand at the masterpiece she had just created she said, “Harpo Shrivelous!”
At once, the harp became fairy-sized.  Karini began to play.  The hypnotic music silenced everyone and turned their attention to Karini.  Once she had their undivided attention, she stopped playing the harp and looked at Rumpleflin.  “They’re all yours,” she said, pleased with her accomplishment.
“Thank you,” he said.
“You’re welcome.”
Nevaeh whispered into Karini’s ear, “That was brilliant.”  
Karini winked her long, pink eyelashes and then gave her attention to Rumpleflin as well.
Rumpleflin began, “Welcome, friends.  I’m pleased to inform you that the time has finally come to plan the attack on Ocamar.  After Ocamar revoked grounds privileges for us elves, I managed to escape, and as most of you witnessed, my mother and I destroyed two dragons not more than an hour ago with magic.  We were able to do so because we recently learned that magic is the only thing that can kill a dragon.  That is the good news.  The bad news is that she and I are the only witch and wizard left in this land.  There are still ten other dragons besides Ocamar to destroy.  That makes our job really difficult.  We need your help to make diversions.  This will take bravery beyond any you have yet needed.  There’s a chance that some of you may die.  I wish that were not so, but it is.  If any of you have any other ideas, plea…”
Karini interrupted, “I have an idea.”
“Go ahead, Karini.”
“If magic kills the dragons, can’t you bewitch their weapons?”
Feedback erupted all over the cave.  Everyone seemed to approve of Karini’s idea and thought it was worth a try.  Rumpleflin looked at his mother, waiting for her answer.
“It’s a wonderful idea, Rumpleflin, and definitely worth a try,” she said.
Finley spoke next, “We dwarves are excellent craftsmen.  We have catapults on the top of Mount Chesney.  If the dragons can be lured there, we can shoot boulders at the beasts and knock them out good.  Then, they’ll be ready for you or your mother to finish them off.”
All of the dwarves agreed on this idea and they began to pat Finley on the back.  He smiled, enjoying this admiration immensely.
Rumpleflin continued, “Excellent!  You dwarves go ahead and prepare the catapults.  Find the biggest boulders you can lift and load them up.  Be ready for anything.”
After the dwarves exited, everyone looked back at Rumpleflin.  “Would the beavers please make their way up front?  Move aside everyone.  Let’s make them an aisle,” said Rumpleflin.
Soon, there was a narrow aisle through the middle of the cave, and at least a dozen cute little beavers made their way to the front, led by their leader, Wallace.
Rumpleflin sat down on the rock so he could talk with them on their level.  “I know it takes a lot of work to build a dam.  I have tremendous respect for your industry, as well as the patience it takes to make it successful.”
Wallace twitched his grey whiskers and said, “You need us to tear it down, don’t you?”
“Unfortunately, yes.  I will have some of the dragons lured towards the river.  When you break the dam, the rushing water will hold them off for a while.  We will help you rebuild the dam when this is over.  Remember, magic is very helpful.  What say you?”
The beavers huddled together and whispered to each other for a minute or two and then said in unison, “Agreed!”
“Excellent!”  Rumpleflin turned back to Karini and said, “Karini, you will lead the fairies and deliver a message to the elves in the castle.  We want to get them out of there before it’s destroyed.  Tell them to leave as soon as possible and come here.  Go now and be careful.”
Karini did as she was told.  Flini, Brox, Golini, and Hunter followed.
Rumpleflin looked at his remaining army.  “If you have a weapon, please form a line in front of my mother, and she will place enchantments on them.  If you don’t have a weapon, I’d like you to go into the forest and set up triggered traps to slow down the dragons and buy us some time.  Don’t bother with nets since they breathe fire.  After you have set the traps, hide yourselves in a safe place and wait.”
Once Rumpleflin had finished giving orders to his group, he turned and watched as his mother performed enchantment spells on the centaurs and unicorns.  She touched the centaurs’ bows and arrows with her wand and said, “Converte Potente Toxicous!”
To speed up the process, Rumpleflin formed his own enchantment line.  He was surprised to see a group of skunks standing in his line.  “May I ask what your weapons are?” he asked the skunks.
A plump skunk named Reeks spoke, “Well sir, we thought that maybe you could put a spell on our scent glands to make our spray deadly if inhaled.”
Rumpleflin laughed at the craftiness of the little skunks.  “That’s worth a try, but I think I’ll use a sleep enchantment just in case someone on our side inhales the scent; we don’t want to kill anyone on our team.  Go stand in my mother’s line because I’m sure she knows a sleeping spell.”
Before long, the unicorns’ horns, and the centaurs’ bows, arrows, axes, swords, and shields were all bewitched.
Once everyone had left to join the battle and the cave was empty, Nevaeh spoke to her son, “I hope this works.  If not, they will most likely lose their lives.”
“It will work, I can feel it,” said Rumpleflin with confidence.  








CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Betrayal
Lamek had traveled as fast as he could, flying low so as not to be spotted by anyone.  When he reached Yelkwood Forest, he went straight to the scene of the incident.  There was still a smoldering pile of something or other so it wasn’t hard to find.  There had definitely been an explosion of some sort.
Lamek slithered around looking for clues until he came across what was left of a pendant which he recognized right away as belonging to Serena.  She always wore it.  It held a red snake charm that was curled into the shape of an S.  Lamek always thought it was sinister-looking.  This meant Serena must be dead.  But how could she be?  Did Cornelius turn on her?  Did they set each other on fire?
Nothing at the scene made sense, so he surmised that someone else had killed them.  But who?  He remembered the truth about the legend, but that wasn’t possible since Ocamar had all the witches and wizards assassinated thirteen years ago.  What was going on here?
Frightened, Lamek headed back toward the castle as fast as he could.  He would tell his mastey everything.  He hoped Karini wasn’t to blame for any of this.

Karini and the other fairies finally reached the window to the elves’ kitchen in the castle.  Karini tapped on the glass and Rumbleflin jumped up to open it.  “Karini, is that you?  I didn’t expect you back so soon.  What has happened?  We heard an explosion.  Is Rumple…?”
Karini interrupted, “Rumpleflin and Nevaeh are safe.  They killed Serena and Cornelius.  That was what you heard.  We just held our second meeting with the army and everyone is preparing for attack.  Rumpleflin sent us here to tell you to sneak out of the castle as soon as you can and go to the secret cave.  You don’t want to be here once the war begins.  You must gather only what is necessary and head for the secret cave.”
Rumbleflin shook his head at Karini.  “I don’t know how we will escape.  When you ran away, Ocamar became very suspicious and locked the door to our living quarters.  He hasn’t discovered Rumpleflin’s absence because he knows the door is locked and has no reason to suspect Rumpleflin escaping out a window by broomstick.”
“Do you know where the key is?” asked Karini.
“I’m not sure, but there is only one other Ocamar would trust and that’s Lamek.  Unfortunately, Lamek is not here right now; I saw him earlier heading towards the forest.  I’m surprised you didn’t run into him on your way here,” Rumbleflin replied.
“Ocamar must have sent him to find out what caused the explosion.  Lamek is smart; he’ll figure out what happened soon and report back to Ocamar that there may be magical folk in the forest.  We’ve got to get you out of here before then.”

Lamek was approaching the castle gates when he looked up and saw fairies entering the window to the elves’ quarters.  He thought that one of them looked like Karini.  He had to find out.
He entered the castle by way of an open window, bypassed the hall that would’ve taken him to Ocamar’s chambers, and flew toward the elves’ quarters.
He knew where the key was, so he unlocked and opened the door to find the fairies and Rumbleflin engrossed in conversation.
He went straight to Karini.  “Kawini!  What are you doing here?  You must weave now!  You’re in danger!”
Karini answered, “Everyone is in danger, Lamek, including you.  You must come with me so you will be spared.”
“Sparwed?  What do you mean, Kawini?”
Karini explained, “Lamek, you are a sweet and compassionate creature.  You don’t belong here with Ocamar and the dragon clan.  They are cold and heartless.  War is upon us, and if you are on Ocamar’s side, then you are against us.”
“Lamek has to pwotect Ocamar, too.  He is my only fwiend.”
“No, Lamek, I am your friend, too.  Come with me and you will make many friends who won’t be cruel to you.  Trust me,” Karini pleaded.
“Wamek sad.  I wove Ocamar.  I saved his wife once, wemember?  He has always pwotected me from the other dragons.  He will pwotect me now.”
“What about all of the innocent lives he took when he overtook this castle?  Not to mention, he was going to kill me, remember?”
“Yes, I wemember.”  Tears were streaming down Lamek’s face, soaking his yellow feathers.
Rumbleflin handed him a handkerchief.
“Thank you, Wumblefin.”
“You’re welcome, Lamek.  We elves are your friends, too, and we need your help.  Will you help us?”  
While Lamek was lost in thought, Rumbleflin was motioning to the other elves to leave while the door was unlocked.  They were leaving so quietly, Lamek didn’t notice.
After thoughtful consideration, Lamek said, “I don’t know.  Ocamar would be weal mad if I helped his slaves.”
Karini took Lamek by the shoulders, tired of begging, she said firmly, “Listen to me!  Ocamar is going to be destroyed before this is all over.  If you stay here, so will you.  You are safe only if you join us.  Now, either you help us or leave right now before I say something that will hurt your feelings!”
Lamek was a little shocked at Karini’s tone of voice.  But something about what she said or how she said it seemed to knock some sense into him.  “Okay, Kawini.  I help you.  What do you want me to do?”
“Well, you’ve already done most of it by unlocking the door,” she admitted.
Lamek turned and looked at the door that now stood wide open.  He noticed that all of the elves except for Rumbleflin were gone.  “They’re gone!”
“Yes, and now we must get out of here quickly.  You can fly with us fairies.  Rumbleflin, you’re going to have to go the same way the other elves did.”
Rumbleflin grabbed his walking stick and quickly moved toward the door, where he met Ocamar.
“Going somewhere, Rumbleflin?” asked Ocamar.
Rumbleflin shouted to the fairies, “Go out the window, now!  Leave me!”
Karini and the other fairies headed for the window.  Ocamar shoved Rumbleflin to the side, sending him crashing into the kitchen table and onto the floor.  He reached out and grabbed Karini before she could escape.
“Put me down, you over-sized chimney!” she said, kicking and screaming.
The other fairies escaped out the window.  Lamek flew straight for Ocamar and sunk his beak into one of his eyes.  Ocamar dropped Karini and she immediately flew out the window.  Lamek followed close behind her.  Everyone made it out of the castle except for Rumbleflin.
“Lamek!  I’ll get you for this, you traitor!  I’ll pluck all your feathers out one by one, and then I’ll put you on the spit!” Ocamar shouted from the window.
He turned around just as Rumbleflin was slowly rising to his feet.  Knowing he couldn’t escape, Rumbleflin said, “I surrender, Ocamar.  I’m too old to try to run.”
With a scoff, Ocamar said, “You bet you are!”

Karini cried all the way back to the forest and then some.  They met Rumpleflin and Nevaeh on their way, and Lamek explained what had happened to Rumbleflin.
“I’m so sorrwy about Wumblefin; he was always nice to me.”
“Quit talking about him like he’s dead!” ordered Rumpleflin.
Through tears Nevaeh said, “He may as well be, son.  Ocamar won’t be merciful.  Why would he let him live?”
“Hopefully, he will keep him alive for a little while to get information.  If we hurry, we can save him.  Come on, mother.  Everyone else, resume your posts as planned.  Lamek, you and the fairies take Karini away from here and let her rest.  She has done more for this cause than anyone.”  
“Yes, sir!” obeyed Lamek.  He picked up Karini and followed the fairies to the cave.  All he wanted to do was take care of Karini and make her happy.






CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
The Heat of the Moment
Ocamar left the elves’ quarters and commanded Rumbleflin, “Follow me; there is much you have to tell.”
“Certainly, Ocamar, I am still your servant,” Rumpleflin said.
“You are a liar and no servant of mine.  What you are is a traitor and a hypocrite, and you shall be treated as one, but not before I hear everything about this rebellion you are no doubt leading against me.”
Rumbleflin hoped he would have enough to say to hold out for a rescue.

“The fastest way to get into the castle is to teleport,” Nevaeh suggested to Rumpleflin.
“Can you teach me how to do that?” asked Rumpleflin.
“Yes.  It’s not that difficult.  You just close your eyes, picture where it is you want to go, and then snap your fingers.  You can practice on that big oak tree over there.”
Rumpleflin studied the tree for a minute.  He knew this tree very well since he and Karini had spent a lot of time sitting in it, talking.  He closed his eyes, created a mental picture, and then snapped his fingers.  Poof!  He vanished, and then poof again, he reappeared right beside the tree precisely where he had imagined it.  “That’s amazing!” he said, “And it beats the crash landing with the broomstick, hands down.”
Nevaeh smiled, “You won’t always crash.  It takes practice.  And there are times when a broomstick is your only option.  Teleportation isn’t always safe or possible.  Are you ready?”
“Yes, let’s do it.”
“I’ve never been in the castle, so you will have to teleport both of us, so we can arrive at the same place.  Make sure it is someplace away from Ocamar’s chambers.  We don’t want him to see us appear out of nowhere, just in case he hasn’t heard about our magical powers yet.”
Rumpleflin agreed, “Good point.  We’ll go to my bedchamber.  I’m sure it is deserted…wait, how can I take us both when I have to snap my fingers?”
“I’ll hold tightly to you, and you can still wrap your arms around me with your hands free.”  Nevaeh wrapped her arms around her son as tightly as she could and he did the same with his arms, leaving his hands free.  He closed his eyes, created a clear picture of his bedchamber in his mind, and snapped his fingers.
Poof!  They were there instantly.  Rumpleflin ran through the door and into the kitchen that now was empty. 
He ran out the door and into the dimly lit hall.  His mother followed, wand at the ready, for anything unexpected.  They went down several flights of winding stairs, across the main hall, and then up another set of winding stairs.  They were climbing to the top of a tower.
At the top, Rumpleflin stopped in front of a huge door.  He pressed his ear against it to listen.  To his surprise, all he heard was silence, and that terrified him worse than before.
Nevaeh didn’t like the look on Rumpleflin’s face.  “What is it?  What do you hear?”
“Nothing, that’s what scares me.  This is Ocamar’s chamber; he always does his questioning in there.  Where else could he have taken Father?”

Rumbleflin ached all over.  They had been walking downstairs for what seemed like an eternity.  He wasn’t familiar with this part of the castle.
Finally, Ocamar stopped and pulled a long cord on the wall, which in turn set off a deafening alarm.  It rang for at least two minutes before he pulled it again to shut it off.
Rumbleflin guessed that must be the way Ocamar summoned the other dragons when there was an emergency.  He knew he was about to be put on trial.
They walked a little farther down the dark hallway until they reached a red velvet tapestry.  A secret room, thought Rumbleflin.
Ocamar stood in front of the tapestry and said, “Karini.”  At once, the tapestry rolled up to reveal the entrance.  “I’ll have to remember to change that password as soon as this is all over,” Ocamar said to himself.
As soon as they stepped inside, the tapestry unrolled and recovered the entrance.  Rumbleflin looked around.  This was the darkest dungeon he’d ever seen, and it was filled with gold and treasure.  There were four torches lit to provide light in the room since there were no windows.
Ocamar walked to the back of the dungeon and sat on a huge pile of gold.  He motioned for Rumbleflin to sit near him.  Then he said, “The others will be here momentarily.  Get ready to enlighten us with all the juicy details.”
Rumbleflin still wasn’t sure what he was going to say.  He believed that honesty was the best policy, but he had to make sure he didn’t put anyone else in danger.  He hoped that someone would come soon and rescue him before it was too late.  He said a silent prayer for help with what to say and for safety.  

Rumpleflin and Nevaeh had to cover their ears to reduce the sound of the alarm.  “I hope that we didn’t set that off!” Rumpleflin said shouting over the alarm.
“Me too,” agreed Nevaeh.
Then they saw something very interesting.  Dragons were coming out of every room below, all headed in one direction: down.
“Quick, we must follow them,” said Rumpleflin.
The alarm stopped after a couple of minutes.  There on out they had to be very quiet while they followed the dragon clan.
The dragons led them way down underground to what was obviously a secret dungeon.  One of them stopped in front of a large red velvet tapestry.  He turned to the others and asked, “Is the password still the name of that blasted fairy?”
Another dragon said, “As far as I know it is.  I haven’t heard any different.  Go ahead and try it.”
“I don’t remember what her name was…Karina or Katrina, something like that.”
“It’s Karini, stupid!  You males can’t remember anything!” said an irritated female dragon.
Rumpleflin and Nevaeh watched as the tapestry rolled itself up like a scroll to reveal an entrance.  One by one the dragons entered.  Rumpleflin counted them.  There were ten, which meant they were all present, except for Cornelius and Serena, of course.  They were history!
Rumpleflin assumed that this must be where Ocamar was holding his father.  He and Nevaeh snuck in behind the dragons, just as the tapestry was unrolling.  Right away, they found a huge pile of gold to hide behind in a dark corner near the entrance.  They could easily see Ocamar in the back of the dungeon, sitting high on a pile of gold, but Rumbleflin was a lot harder to see from their hiding place.
Rumpleflin surveyed the dungeon, familiarizing himself with the surroundings.  “There’s no way we can attack all eleven dragons at once without getting killed.  We’re not that fast.  We need to lure them out of here and use the army to help us,” Rumpleflin suggested.
“I agree.  I think you should lure them out, and I’ll go get your father.  I think I can sneak behind the piles of gold all the way around the room until I’m right behind him.  Your diversion should help keep their focus away from me.”
Rumpleflin hesitated.  “I’m not sure if we should split up.”
“We have to.”
“Well, all right then.”  Rumpleflin watched his mother begin to quietly slip away.  He then jumped out from behind their hiding spot and shouted, “Hey, you lot!  Over here!  Come and get me!”  He then took off running back out the secret entrance and up the stairs.  One look back told him he had about half the group on his heels, and they were gaining.  Rumpleflin thought of the first place that popped into his head, and snapped just in time to escape several balls of fire.
Nevaeh watched five of the dragons chase Rumpleflin out of the dungeon.  She hoped he had found a safe place to hide and that she’d be reunited with him soon.  So far she’d been successfully moving behind the piles of gold without being detected.  She was now no more than ten feet from her dear husband.  
Then Ocamar spoke.  “Well, well, Rumbleflin, it looks like your son is attempting a rescue.  I wonder who else is here.”  
“Please, Ocamar, your issue is with me, not anyone else.  Let’s just get this over with,” Rumbleflin said.  
Rumbleflin’s voice sounded much raspier than Nevaeh remembered, but it was a wonderful sound all the same.  She fought the urge to run to him, but she had to wait.  She still needed a diversion as six dragons were still much too many.  
Just then Rumpleflin appeared right in the middle of the room out of nowhere with his wand in the air.  “Extermitus!” he shouted.  His lightning bolt hit the nearest dragon and caused an explosion.  Then his eyes met his mother’s, and she jumped out shouting taking out another dragon that was getting ready to breathe fire on Rumpleflin.
Rumbleflin could do nothing but watch helplessly as his wife and son dodged flames.  Nevaeh had managed to block many fiery shots with spells, but Rumpleflin was having a much harder time.  He’d been so busy running away from the dragons and jumping behind treasure, he hadn’t had time to take out any more of the clan.  “Go get your father, Rumpleflin.”  
Nevaeh had slowly been leading most of the dragons out, and Rumbleflin was almost secluded from them now, except for Ocamar.  He’d been sitting beside Rumbleflin enjoying the commotion.  Rumpleflin was much closer to his father now, but he’d have to go through Ocamar to rescue him.  
The dungeon was slowly filling with smoke and flames, and it was getting harder to see.  Nevaeh said some words under her breath and created her own rainstorm right there in the dungeon.  Water was coming down in torrents rapidly putting out the numerous fires.  
Nevaeh had used just enough time to make herself vulnerable, which one of the beasts quickly took advantage of by grabbing her by the neck.  Nevaeh dropped her wand in an attempt to try and pry the huge claws from around her throat.  
When Rumpleflin saw his mother in the grasp of the dragon, he aimed his wand at it, but he was too late.  The dragon shot out a flame directly towards him.  Rumpleflin ducked, but the flame hit his father.  Ocamar threw his head back and laughed in an evil tone.
The impact from the fireball caused Rumbleflin to fall over.  His long hair and beard quickly caught fire consuming his face with heat and flame, but the constant downpour of water soon eliminated the blaze.
Rumpleflin crawled to his father, hoping that the fire hadn’t lasted long enough to do any permanent damage, but he discovered Rumbleflin was unconscious.  
“I think you’re too late,” Ocamar sneered.  
Rumpleflin looked back at his mother who was now starting to turn blue.  He had to do something quickly.  He thought of using “Extermitus,” but he didn’t want his mother blown up along with the dragon.  He racked his brain and then spit out the first thing that came to his mind, “Dragon Shrivelous!”
The dragon shrunk to the size of a lizard, releasing Nevaeh along the way.  Then Rumpleflin finished him off, “Extermitus!”  It was just a tiny little explosion, but it was enough to make Ocamar and the rest of the dragons angry.  They all drew deep breaths and blew enormous flames toward Rumpleflin and his limp father, but he quickly wrapped his arms around his father and snapped.  

When Nevaeh hit the water-filled floor, she became alert and realized she was surrounded by dragons.  After making a quick scan of the dungeon, she assumed Rumpleflin had teleported her husband back to the secret cave.  
By this time, the dragons that’d been chasing Rumpleflin earlier had given up and returned to the dungeon.  They discovered Ocamar and the rest of their clan in a swamp of water.    
The eight dragons that were left made a circle around the drenched Nevaeh.  She was on her hands and knees frantically searching for her wand, but the water was deep and rising by the second.  
“Your magic is no good without your wand, is it?” sneered Ocamar.  He was upset with himself for letting Rumpleflin escape.  He’d not realized Rumpleflin knew how to vanish into thin air.  At least Nevaeh wasn’t able to escape.  He had her right where he wanted her.






CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Without Ignition
Rumpleflin’s teleportation with his father was a success, and he and his father arrived at the secret cave safely.  He lay his father down and screamed for Furler, the medicine elf.
“Rumpleflin, what happened?” Furler asked.
“There’s no time to explain.  He’s badly burned, and he inhaled too much smoke.  Please, Furler, you must do something.  I must go back for my mother,” Rumpleflin snapped his fingers once again.  Poof!  He was back in the castle just outside the dungeon.  
He could overhear Ocamar speaking.  Water had made its way out the dungeon and up a couple of stairs, by this time, and was teasing the top of Rumpleflin’s boots.
“I surrender, Ocamar,” Nevaeh said rising to her feet.
Rumpleflin was thankful to hear Nevaeh’s voice, but not happy to hear she’d given up already.  It was up to him to get her out of there.  Courageously, he slipped into the dungeon.  “No, take me instead!  I’m the one who betrayed you, Ocamar!”
“Well, well, Rumpleflin; so nice of you to return.  You certainly are full of surprises today.  You were a wizard living in my castle all these years, and I never knew it.  Somehow you discovered the legend’s secret, and made plans to kill all the dragons.”
“The plan was to rescue my father.  If a few dragons got slaughtered along the way, then so be it,” replied Rumpleflin.
“You and your father are traitors.  I allowed all the elves to live without beating any of you, yet you formed an army against me.  Foolish of you!”
“Well as you can see, I do have the power to destroy you.  Let me and my mother leave alive, and I will spare your life.”
“You are a silly boy!  Do you think I would let you escape?  Never!  I hate all witches and wizards, and I thought I had all of your kind killed thirteen years ago.  I would rather die in this dungeon than let you go free,” Ocamar shouted, remembering how the wizard, Zedbulla, had treated him.
Knowing Ocamar would never let them leave alive, Rumpleflin knew he had to act quickly.  He looked at his mother, and she said some words out loud that Rumpleflin didn’t understand.  
“Enough of this!” exclaimed Ocamar.  “Lower your wand, Rumpleflin.  Just drop it in the water like your mommy here did.  Then we’ll figure out what kind of death you two should have.  I’m thinking something slow.”
Again, Nevaeh said the words out loud.  One of the dragons behind her smacked her in the back of the head, and she fell to her knees with a splash.
It was then that Rumpleflin realized she was saying an incantation, and since he had a wand, she needed him to repeat it.  He lifted his wand and said the words he’d heard his mother say, but nothing happened.
“Hahahaha…nice try, fool,” said Ocamar.  “Now, you have one more chance to drop that wand.”
“Why?  You’re just going to kill me anyway.  Go ahead and get it over with.  Oh yeah, that’s right.  You want it to be slow and painful.”
“You’re a brat.  Always have been.”
And then Rumpleflin noticed that the rain had stopped.  His mother’s incantation was working, and she had some sort of plan.  None of the dragons seemed to notice, so he didn’t say anything.  And then he noticed that the water level was decreasing as well.  That, however, was a lot more noticeable.  
Nevaeh shifted her weight to stand back up and her hand landed right on her wand.  Oh, thank God, she thought to herself.  Quickly she mumbled a spell under her breath.  It was one she wasn’t sure would work on that many dragons at one time, but she had to try.  With a flick of her wand, she shot an invisible beam in each dragon’s direction first, and then lastly Ocamar.  The beam struck each dragon without any physical effects.  Nevaeh wouldn’t even know if the spell had worked until one of them tried to spew fire.     
None of the clan had even noticed what she’d been doing as she’d kept her head hung down, and they were all occupied watching the water diminish.   
Rumpleflin had noticed though, and he had high hopes that whatever curse his mother had put on the dragons would be a success.  
Ocamar said, “I guess you’re going to go up in smoke, Rumpleflin, since you insist on holding onto that wand.  Ocamar took a deep breath and attempted to shoot flames at Rumpleflin with no success.  He couldn’t believe it.  He tried again without producing hot flames.  “One of you get him!” he shouted.  
Multiple dragons tried to blow fire, but had no luck either.  Ocamar marched toward Nevaeh since she was close.  He lifted her off the ground and threw her across the room.  She landed with a thud on a pile of treasure.  
With the dragons unable to breathe fire and the dungeon now dry, Rumpleflin aimed his wand at Ocamar, shouted, “Extermitus,” and watched as Ocamar instantly became a huge ball of fire.  The dungeon quickly began filling with hot flames.  
It hurt Nevaeh to move, but she pulled herself up and said, “Let’s finish them off, son, before they escape.”  
“No time.  We should teleport and get back to father.”
“Why?  Is something wrong with him?”
“No time!”
“Let’s go then!”  
Rumpleflin snapped.  Nevaeh performed one more cluster spell on the dragons before they escaped the fire.  If only Extermitus was a cluster spell, she thought.  In a matter of seconds, the dragons’ wings became stiff.  Nevaeh snapped and was gone in an instant.  Poof!







CHAPTER NINETEEN
The Enchanted Army
As the fire consumed the castle, dragons were fleeing in every direction.  Three of them headed towards the mountains.  The dwarves were at the top of Mount Chesney ready to launch dozens of boulders.
Finley shouted to the others, “Here they come!  Get ready!  Aim!  Fire!”
Five boulders were catapulted from the mountain.  One of the dragons was hit and fell to the ground.  The other two dragons were still climbing, trying to escape.
“Hurry, they are going to get away!  Fire!”
This time, both of the dragons were hit and plummeted to the ground.
“Victory!” shouted Finley.  The dwarves danced around in celebration.

Meanwhile, the beavers, led by Wallace, were gathered at the dam ready to destroy it and flood the area.  Two dragons were headed toward the river.  As soon as the beavers spotted them, they began to tear away at what they had built.
Just as the dragons were about to cross, the dam broke and water poured into the stream, creating huge tidal waves.  The beavers began shouting as they watched the dragons being overtaken by the huge surge.
Wallace and two other beavers followed the dragons from afar in order to make sure they were knocked out and could be located by Rumpleflin later.
They washed up a couple of miles downstream on the shore and were very still.  Wallace got as close as he could without making any noise and examined the limp bodies.  “Looks like they’re knocked out pretty good!  Let’s go tell Rumpleflin and the rest of the army!”

In the forest, the animals, led by the centaur, Orrick, had set up a hidden trap.  Just on the other side of the trap, the rest of the centaurs, unicorns, skunks, and others were waiting with their enchanted weapons at the ready.
There were only four dragons left, and they were headed straight for the trap.  The first two dragons fell right into it.  When they looked up, they realized they were surrounded by unicorns and centaurs.
They both laughed and one of them said, “Arrows cannot pierce our scales.  You idiots should’ve done some research!”
Orrick said, “The research has been done.”  Then, without taking his black eyes off the dragons, he commanded the others, “Fire!”
Over twenty arrows shot into the pit and pierced the dragons.  The magic worked and two of the dragons lay dead.
The skunks smothered the last two dragons in stinky sleeping potion before they had a chance to escape.
All of the animals ran to the secret cave.  They would leave the slumbering dragons there for Rumpleflin and Nevaeh to finish off later.

The dwarves came down from Mount Chesney, and the beavers traveled from the river.  Everyone in the army was headed for the cave, and as they walked, they exchanged war stories.  They couldn’t wait to tell Rumpleflin and Nevaeh.  Soon the war would be over and their land would be free again.  
CHAPTER TWENTY
A Great Loss
Rumpleflin arrived at the secret cave and ran straight to where his father lay.  Furler was beside him.  Nevaeh arrived just after.  “Furler?”  
“Hello, Nevaeh.  It’s nice to see you again.  I wish it were under better circumstances.”
“What do you mean?” Nevaeh asked.  She and Rumpleflin both looked at Furler.  His face had lost all its color and he shook his head as he said to them, “I’m so very sorry.  There was nothing I could do for him.  He’s gone.”
Rumpleflin shook his head in disagreement.  “No, you’re mistaken.  He’s just unconscious.  You haven’t tried everything!” He shouted.
At that moment the army entered the cave in their celebratory fashion.  But the sound of Nevaeh’s sobs echoing off the cave walls stopped them in their tracks.
Karini began crying too as she tried to comfort Rumpleflin.  Everyone gathered around Rumbleflin’s body and began to mourn in their own way.
Rumpleflin, in shock and too angry to mourn, stood up and said through gritted teeth, “How many dragons are left?”
Reeks, the skunk, said, “We put two of them asleep in the forest.”
Then Wallace said, “Another two of them were knocked out by the river’s surge and washed up a couple of miles down shore.  They will probably be waking soon.”
Finley told Rumpleflin that there should be some more dragons lying somewhere unconscious at the bottom of Mount Chesney.
“Very well then, I shall return shortly.”
“I will join you, Rumpleflin.  I still have some unused enchanted arrows,” said Orrick.
“I can handle this, Orrick, but thank you anyway.”
Nevaeh spoke through her sobs, “Don’t be stubborn, son.  I know you want revenge, but you shouldn’t face this situation alone.  I’m too weak to help you, so please, take Orrick with you.  Do it for me.”
“Very well then, if that is what you wish; let’s go, Orrick, we’ve got some dragons to slay!”
“I can’t think of anything I’d rather do,” said Orrick.

While traveling in silence, Rumpleflin became aware of just how magnificent Orrick was.  He was huge, even for a centaur.  He was very muscular and his fur was blonde, except for his long black tail.  His eyes were like black marbles, and the hair on his head was long, black, and pulled back in a ponytail.  The skin on his strong arms, chest, and face was quite tan from time spent in the sun.
Rumpleflin was somewhat intimidated by Orrick and thought he was a little stiff for good company but didn’t care much for conversation at this point anyway.  At least he was not alone in this battle.  When Orrick and Rumpleflin reached the bottom of Mount Chesney, they were relieved to see that the injured dragons were still unconscious.  Orrick used his bow and arrow to kill one of the dragons, while Rumpleflin destroyed the other two by shouting “Extermitus!”
“That was fun!” said Orrick.  Let’s go get some more!”
“Yes, let’s head for the river!” suggested Rumpleflin.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Vengeance and Sorrow
Sinster and Serpentine awoke on the shore miles away from the dam.  Their purple scales were drenched and both of them began vomiting slimy water with bits of algae and fish they had accidently swallowed in the surge.
“This is disgusting!” said Serpentine in between heaves.
“You can say that again,” replied Sinster.
“This is dis….”
“Shut up!  I heard you the first time.  I have to admit that you are the dumbest dragon I have ever known, even if you are my sister.”
Serpentine stuck her tongue out at her brother and said, “Who’s the dumb one?  It was your idea to cross the river.  I told you we should flee to the mountains.”
Sinster thought for a moment and said, “You have a point there, although I believe we would’ve been attacked anywhere we went.  I think it was all a set up.  We may be the only two dragons still alive.”
“What are we going to do?” she asked.
“Well, we’re not going to sit here and do nothing.  I think we should go and check things out, if you’re through vomiting.”
Serpentine moaned.  “I think that’s all of it.  I don’t think I could bear anymore.”  
“Did you two have a nice swim?” asked Rumpleflin.  He and Orrick had snuck up behind the siblings and listened to the last part of their conversation.  “It looks as though you stayed in too long; you resemble two big prunes.  You even have purple scales, how quaint!”
Sinster and Serpentine turned around to see Rumpleflin holding his wand, and a centaur with an arrow drawn on a bow.  There was no chance for them to react.
“Extermitus!” shouted Rumpleflin, aiming his wand right at Serpentine’s chest.
Simultaneously, the arrow from Orrick’s bow shot Sinster straight through the heart.
“We’re getting closer to our goal!” said Orrick with a clever grin.
“I can hardly wait,” Rumpleflin added.  He thought that Orrick wasn’t so bad now that he’d loosened up a bit.
The two warriors ran toward the forest as fast as they could, with hope that they would find the last two dragons still napping.
Unfortunately, they weren’t.  As soon as Orrick and Rumpleflin spotted them, they knew that this would have to be another surprise attack.  The last two dragons were just waking from the stinky sleeping potion.  Orrick and Rumpleflin hid behind a big oak tree to wait for the perfect moment to attack.
“Oh, God!  I can’t take this smell.  I’d rather have been shot with an arrow than have to smell this stench,” said Marla while pinching her nostrils with her claws.
Vander agreed, “Yeah, this is the worst odor I have ever inhaled.  I think we better get out of here before we have more skunks show up.”
The two dragons finally turned their backs to walk away.  Rumpleflin nodded at Orrick, and they came out from behind the tree.  The dragons had no idea this was their last conversation.  It was over before they even knew it had begun. 
As usual, Orrick got one and Rumpleflin got the other.  At last, all of the dragons were destroyed, so Orrick and Rumpleflin headed back to the cave to share the news.

On the way, Rumpleflin’s mind was filled with thoughts of the past few days.  They’d been filled with many highs and lows, the lowest being the loss of his father.  How would he ever live without him?  What about his mother?  After all those years of dreaming of getting their lives back, disaster struck.
Rumpleflin slowed his pace a little as tears began to well up in his eyes.  His anger had subsided enough to start feeling the emptiness deep inside of him.
Orrick noticed that Rumpleflin was slowing down and turned around to see what was wrong.  “Rumpleflin, are you all right?”
“My father is dead, Orrick.  No, I’m not all right.  I don’t want to take my next breath, much less walk back to that cave where he lies dead.”
Orrick walked over to Rumpleflin.  “There’s no hurry in getting back.  We can rest for a while if you’d like.  I’m here with you for as long as you need me to be.  I understand what you’re going through right now.”  
“I doubt that,” said Rumpleflin.
“Believe me; I know all about how difficult it is losing those you love.  I lost my wife and daughter a few years back.”
Rumpleflin immediately felt guilty for assuming Orrick didn’t understand.  No wonder the guy was so stiff.  “I’m sorry, Orrick.  I wasn’t aware of that.  I didn’t know you then.  What happened?”
Orrick began, “It was mountain trolls.  My wife liked to go up to the top of the mountains to pick flowers and berries.  We used to picnic there a lot.  She would make the best pies with those berries, my favorite dessert.”
Orrick hung his head a little lower and his voice became a little shaky as he continued, “I told her to never go without me, even in the daylight.  You see, mountain trolls hide in caves during the day because sunlight is fatal to them.  But there are other dangers as well.  So, I told her to never go without me.”
Rumpleflin looked puzzled, “I don’t understand.  How did mountain trolls kill her if they only come out at night?”
“It was the day before my birthday.  I left Lora and my daughter, Lia, at home while I went fishing with some of my friends.  They wanted to take me on a fishing trip for my birthday, but I wanted to spend that day at home with my family, so we decided to go fishing the day before instead.  I told Lora I wouldn’t be back until after dark because the best trout are caught way at the other end of the river near the waterfall.
“She seemed delighted that I got the chance to go with my friends and said she expected plenty of trout for my birthday dinner.  Evidently, she also wanted to surprise me with a berry pie.  She took Lia up on the mountain to gather some berries, and she was in such a hurry that she didn’t pay any attention to where she was walking.  I believe she and Lia fell into a trap the trolls had set.  They trap deer and other animals to eat.  I’m sure they thought Centaur meat was a delicacy.  She didn’t have a chance.”
Rumpleflin looked at Orrick in horror and said, “That’s just terrible, Orrick.  I’m very sorry you’ve had so much loss.  How old was Lia?”
“She was four years old.”  Orrick’s eyes were full of tears, and Rumpleflin did his best to comfort him.  Then, he thought about his father again, and began to cry, too.
The two of them sat together for quite some time in silence.  Then Rumpleflin said, “I believe I’m ready to go back now.  My mother will be anxious about me.  I need you to make the announcement to the army that all of the dragons have been destroyed.  I’d like to take my mother away from here so she can mourn in privacy.  Please ask the other elves to prepare my father’s body, and we will return in a couple of days to bury him.”
“I would be glad to do so,” Orrick said.
“Thanks, Orrick, you have become a great friend.”
Orrick replied, “You have as well.  I have never been able to speak with anyone about the death of my wife and daughter, nor allowed myself to really mourn for them.  Thank you, Rumpleflin.”
“You’re very welcome.”
“Hop on my back, and I’ll gallop the rest of the way.  We’ll be there in no time!” suggested Orrick.
Rumpleflin climbed on Orrick’s back, and they took off towards the secret cave.  Rumpleflin decided the best thing to do was for him and his mother to teleport to Mount Flog to get away from everything, at least temporarily.  He knew that Orrick and the elves would take care of everything for the funeral.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
The Land of Serenity
Rumpleflin spent the next two days with his mother and Mishka at her cottage on Mount Flog.  The cold mountain air cut through him like a million knives, but he loved the privacy and the coziness of the cottage.
He also adored Mishka.  She was the most lovable cat he’d ever seen, not to mention the smartest.  He was amazed at how his mother communicated with her.
He was looking forward to living here for a while.  He sure didn’t miss the castle, and he most definitely didn’t miss slavery.  He just missed his father and Karini.
He was dreading attending the funeral and the pain he would feel watching his father being buried.  He was thankful that others had volunteered to take care of the funeral arrangements to spare his mother, who was so devastated right now.
He was sitting by the fire rubbing Mishka’s belly when his mother came and placed her hand on his shoulder, “Rumpleflin, it’s time to go and say goodbye to your father.”

The entire kingdom turned out to pay their respects to Rumbleflin.  Every elf, fairy, dwarf, animal, and creature was there.  Rumpleflin thought it was wonderful that his father was so well-loved and admired.  Several elves made speeches.  They all mentioned how grateful they were to Rumbleflin for organizing the army and putting a stop to Ocamar and the other dragons.  Karini played a beautiful hymn on her harp, leaving no eye dry.
Lamek even said a few words.  “Wumblefin was always kind to me and never made fun of the way me wooked or talked.  I weally, weally wiked him.  I will miss him.”
The dwarves made a fine-looking coffin of dark cherry wood, and the centaur women made a beautiful floral arrangement for the top.
Some of the animals dug a grave on Rumbleflin and Nevaeh’s property, near a weeping willow tree that had survived the fire thirteen years ago.
Marking Rumbleflin’s resting place was a large stone with the following engraving made by the unicorns:  
“Here lies Rumbleflin: Friend to all who knew him, Leader to those who would follow, Husband to Nevaeh, Father to Rumpleflin, and Restorer of The Land of Serenity.  May you rest in peace.  We will never forget you.”
It was tough for Rumpleflin and his mother to say goodbye, but the ceremony was beautiful, and it gave them closure.  They would have to restart their lives without Rumbleflin.  It would be hard, but at least they had each other.  They found some comfort knowing that the land was restored, and there was freedom again.


THE END…or is it?










EPILOGUE
Three months later….
Lamek opened the door to his old master’s cottage and entered.  He did not have a specific agenda, just curiosity.
For the past three months, he had been happier than ever, spending most of his free time with Karini.  She was his best friend, and he was deeply in love with her.
When Lamek entered the cottage, he noticed right away that it didn’t look unoccupied.  What was left after the fire was clean and tidy, and all of the furniture was still there.  Maybe it’s under an enchantment, he thought.
Then, Lamek noticed a small, but thick, black book on the table.  Since it was open, he decided to take a peak.  It was open to page 53, and it read: 
“Journal entry #53: Today, I had to punish Ocamar again.  He is stubborn and needs discipline….”
Lamek turned back to the previous page, page 52.  He didn’t want to read about the abuse of Ocamar.  He had witnessed most of it firsthand.  It had infuriated him.
Journal entry #52 read: 
“Today, Lamek came home late again and didn’t finish his chores.  He was out playing with his little fairy girlfriends.  He’s quite a charmer.  This can’t continue, so I taught him a lesson!  I turned him into a hideous half-bird, half-lizard creature.  Now he will want to stay inside and hide from the world, and learn to obey.  I also altered his memory, so he will never know that he was once a very handsome fairy.”  
Lamek was in shock and he said out loud, “I’m a fairwy?  I don’t bewieve it.  Perhaps Kawini would fall in wove with me if she knew I was weally a fairwy!”
Just then, the door opened and in walked a young man about the age of sixteen.  “Hello, there.  You must be Lamek,” said the young man.
“Yes, I’m Wamek, who are you?”
“My name is Natas, and I live here.”
“How do you know who I am?” asked Lamek.
“It’s all in Zedbulla’s journal.  I hoped you would return one day so I could actually see you.  I must say, you are hideous.”
“Who are you weally?  Why do you wive here and why do you wead this awful journal?”
“Like I said, I am Natas.  I’ve lived here since I was born, and I read the journal because it’s brilliant.  I read a lot of the books that are here.  After all, my goal is to be just like my father.”
Lamek was confused, “Your father?”
“Yes, Lamek, Zedbulla, the most powerful wizard of all time, was my father.”


TO BE CONTINUED….
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Cynthia P. Willow writes Christian fiction and fantasy for all ages. She lives in Georgia with her husband, three children, and their family pet—a Morkie named Madam Alice Bellatrix. View photos of Madam Alice Bellatrix, AKA-Trixie at www.cynthiapwillow.com

For Christian books in multiple genres, join the Christian Indie Author Readers Group on Facebook. Opportunities for free books and giveaways. https://www.facebook.com/groups/291215317668431/






